These are schemes for phonon amplification and lasing : ( Top ) Two coupled microcavities are excited by an optical pulse traveling through an optical fiber ( blue ) .
( Center ) Pump photons entering through the fiber are converted to lower energy photons and coherent phonons .
At a threshold pump power , phonon gain exceeds phonon loss resulting in phonon lasing .
( Bottom ) Phonon amplification in a superlattice .
Tunneling of electrons from one quantum well to the next is accompanied by phonon emission .
When a strong phonon wave is applied , it leads to phonon amplification .
Credit : Alan Stonebraker
Physicists have taken major step forward in the development of practical phonon lasers , which emit sound in much the same way that optical lasers emit light .
The development should lead to new , high - resolution imaging devices and medical applications .
Just as optical lasers have been incorporated into countless , ubiquitous devices , a phonon laser is likely to be critical to a host of as yet unimaginable applications .
Two separate research groups , one located in the US and the other in the UK , are reporting dramatic advances in the development of phonon lasers in the current issue of Physical Review Letters .
The papers are highlighted with a Viewpoint by Jacob Khurgin of Johns Hopkins University in the February 22 issue of Physics .
Light and sound are similar in various ways : they both can be thought of in terms of waves , and they both come in quantum mechanical units ( photons in the case of light , and phonons in the case of sound ) .
In addition , both light and sound can be produced as random collections of quanta ( consider the light emitted by a light bulb ) or orderly waves that travel in coordinated fashion ( as is the case for laser light ) .
Many physicists believed that the parallels imply that lasers should be as feasible with sound as they are with light .
While low frequency sound in the range that humans can hear ( up to 20 kilohertz ) is easy to produce in either a random or orderly fashion , things get more difficult at the terahertz ( trillions of hertz ) frequencies that are the regime of potential phonon laser applications .
The problem stems from the fact that sound travels much slower than light , which in turn means that the wavelength of sound is much shorter than light at a given frequency .
Instead of resulting in orderly , coherent phonon lasers , miniscule structures that can produce terahertz sound tend to emit phonons randomly .
Researchers at Caltech have overcome the problem by assembling a pair of microscopic cavities that only permit specific frequencies of phonons to be emitted .
They can also tune the system to emit phonons of different frequencies by changing the relative separation of the microcavities .
The group from the UK's University of Nottingham took a different approach .
They built their device out of electrons moving through a series of structures known as quantum wells .
As an electron hops from one quantum well to the next , it produces a phonon .
So far , the Nottingham group has not demonstrated a true phonon lasing , but their system amplifies high - frequency sound in a way that suggests it could be it a key component in future phonon laser designs .
Regardless of the approach , the recent developments are landmark breakthroughs on the route to practical phonon lasers .
Phonon lasers would have to go a long way to match the utility of their optical cousins , but the many applications that physicists have in mind already , including medical imaging , high precision measurement devices , and high - energy focused sound , suggest that sound - based lasers may have a future nearly as bright as light lasers .
Explore further A sonic boom in the world of lasers
More information :
-- Phonon Laser Action in a Tunable Two - Level System , Ivan S. Grudinin , Hansuek Lee , O. Painter , and Kerry J. Vahala
Phys . Rev. Lett. 104 , 083901 ( 2010 ) - Published February 22 , 2010 ,
-- Coherent Terahertz Sound Amplification and Spectral Line Narrowing in a Stark Ladder Superlattice , R. P. Beardsley , A. V. Akimov , M. Henini , and A. J. Kent , Phys. Rev. Lett. 104 , 085501 ( 2010 ) - Published February 22 , 2010 , -- Phonon Laser Action in a Tunable Two - Level System , Ivan S. Grudinin , Hansuek Lee , O. Painter , and Kerry J. VahalaPhys .
Rev. Lett. 104 , 083901 ( 2010 ) - Published February 22 , 2010 , Download PDF ( free ) -- Coherent Terahertz Sound Amplification and Spectral Line Narrowing in a Stark Ladder Superlattice , R. P. Beardsley , A. V. Akimov , M. Henini , and A. J. Kent , Phys. Rev. Lett. 104 , 085501 ( 2010 ) - Published February 22 , 2010 , Download PDF ( free )
Provided by American Physical Society
PESHAWAR : All that the Pakistani Taliban wanted was money and that 's all they talked about , says Gurvinder Singh , one of the two Sikhs from Peshawar who were rescued after 40 days of captivity with the Pashtun - speaking terrorists .
The Taliban beheaded the third abducted Sikh trader last month because their ransom demand was n't met .
Gurvinder 's story blows the myth the Pakistani Taliban has built around itself as a band of fighters for Islam .
" All the bandits wanted was money .
They were not religious men .
We did not see any one of them offering prayers even once , " he said at his home in Peshawar 's Mohallah Jagan Shah .
The area near Khyber Pass , from where they were rescued , is under the influence of Tehrik - e - Taliban Pakistan commanders Nazir Afridi , Adnan Afridi and Tariq Afridi .
While Surjeet Singh was rescued on Monday along with Gurvinder and they were reunited with their families in Peshawar , Jaspal Singh was beheaded after the families failed to raise the ransom of 30 million Pakistani rupees within the deadline .
Jaspal 's decapitated body was found on February 21 .
" We were shackled and chained for 40 days , given only rotis and tea and kicked and beaten black and blue , " Gurvinder told TOI .
The 17 - year - old described for the first time the horror that the three faced at the hands of their captors .
Belonging to the 3,000 - strong
Sikh community of Peshawar , mostly petty traders and business families , the three set out on January 19 to sell merchandise in some small towns nestled in the Tirah Valley near the Khyber Pass , that is the doorway to Central Asia from Pakistan .
They had traversed these badlands before and Pashtun terrorists had always let them be .
But not this time .
" When we reached Mathra area in Khyber tribal region , we were stopped by some 12 militants .
All of them were holding AK - 47 rifles .
Some of them covered their faces with a long piece of cloth hanging from their turbans .
They dragged out the driver from his seat , slapped him on the face and ordered him to hand over the car and leave , " Gurvinder said .
" While some of the militants were grappling with the driver , two of our co-travellers found an opportunity to escape but we were bundled into the vehicle and driven away . "
Their humiliation began in the vehicle .
The Taliban abductors ripped out their turbans , blindfolded them and cuffed their hands behind their backs .
After more than an hour 's drive along a bumpy , rugged road , the vehicle stopped .
" Our blindfolds and handcuffs came off .
There were mountains all around .
They asked us to follow the three militants while the rest walked behind us with their rifles trained . "
In that formation , they trekked across the mountains for five hours .
" We reached two small huts where three other militants were waiting .
We were told to sit on the ground .
One man with scissors came to us and started cutting Jaspal 's hair short .
Then came Surjeet 's turn and finally it was mine . "
He said when Jaspal started crying and wailing loudly , one of the abductors kicked him in the back , shouting at him to shut up .
" However , another militant with long , curly hair brought tea and thick rotis and asked him to stop kicking Jaspal , " he said , his eyes glazing a bit .
" For the next 40 days , tea and bread was our only meal . "
According to Gurvinder , as darkness set in on the first night of captivity , the militants took them into one of the huts and put metal chains with iron fetters on their feet .
That became routine .
" In the morning they used to open our chains , take us out and put chains back at night . "
On the first morning , Gurvinder said , the terrorists asked for the phone numbers of their family members and elders of the Sikh community .
" At noon , they started contacting our family members in front of us and it was then that we came to know that we were kidnapped for ransom .
They warned our families not to disclose this episode and arrange 50 million rupees .
It came down to 20 million in the next few days . "
The talks between the captors and Sikh elders on the one hand and physical torture of the captives on the other continued for weeks to come .
" Always before contacting our family , they used to beat us violently so that our family would feel the pain and pay the ransom , " Gurvinder said .
After three weeks , the abductors set an ultimatum , threatening to kill one of the hostages if their demand was not met by February 19 .
On February 18 , the militants took away Jaspal , Gurvinder said .
After two days , they were told that Jaspal was dead .
" But we did n't trust them and thought they might be using it as a pressure tactic to get money , " he said .
Gurvinder is certain he and Surjeet would have been dead by now , had not the Pakistani military operation been successful .
" Our chains had not yet been opened that morning when we heard helicopters hovering and bursts of gunfire .
The three militants inside our hut rushed out and we were left alone . "
He and Surjeet crawled out of the dusty hut , the latter now bleeding from bullet wounds in the stomach .
They could not see anybody but the gunfire was incessant .
" Then we saw Pakistani soldiers .
We put our hands up . "
The soldiers first refused to believe that the two bedraggled men were indeed the kidnapped Sikhs .
" We had no turbans and our hair was cut short .
Finally , they asked us to remove our shalwars to check whether we were circumcised or not .
And then we were airlifted in a chopper from the area and brought to Peshawar , " he said .
SYDNEY'S population has passed the 4.5 million mark for the first time , with the inner-west area of Canada Bay the fastest - growing area , figures show .
The population of Sydney , still Australia 's largest city , increased by 85,400 in the year to June 30 last year , according to figures from the Australian Bureau of Statistics .
Every local government area in Sydney recorded a population increase during that period .
Blacktown , Parramatta and the Hills Shire had the largest increases in residents for the second consecutive year .
The population of Blacktown swelled by almost 7000 people in the year .
In November 2009 , an indie movie received unprecedented worldwide attention after becoming a massive hit on BitTorrent networks .
' Ink ' , which was downloaded well in excess of 400,000 times , shot into the top 20 movies on iMDb .
In a new interview , the creators talk about their experience and the future of movie distribution .
Written and directed by Jamin Winans ,
Ink is an indie movie about a mercenary who appears in the dreams of a comatose 8 year old girl .
As with most movies , one part of the story was particularly predictable .
It was quickly ripped and ended up on BitTorrent .
Just over a week after becoming available online in early November 2009 , Ink pushed into Torrent Freak ’s chart of top 10 most pirated movies with an incredible 400,000 downloads .
Unlike the majority of Hollywood movie bosses , the creators of Ink – Jamin and Kiowa Winans – decided to embrace their new - found pirate fans after the extra publicity pushed the movie to 16th place on IMDb ’s movie meter and boosted DVD and Blu-ray sales .
Kiowa wrote to TorrentFreak and said that the movie ending up on BitTorrent was “ absolutely ” the best thing that could ’ve happened to it .
Now , Lars Sobiraj from German news outlet Gulli has interviewed Kiowa to see how things have progressed a couple of months on from the initial excitement .
As previously reported , Ink has been downloaded hundreds of thousands of times , so just how many of those translated into real - world sales ?
Kiowa says that is really hard to put an exact figure on that – they have n’t sold a DVD or Blu-ray for every download but sales have unquestionably gone up .
Money also came in from other routes too .
As the movie gained popularity on BitTorrent , many Ink downloaders suggested that there should be a ‘ donate ’ button on the movie ’s website so that fans could give money freely .
“ We put that [ donation link ] up at the urging of some of the downloaders with the message ‘ if you have watched Ink online for free and would like to contribute what you can , click here ’ , ” Kiowa explains .
“ Guess what country has been the most generous ?
Germany !
Germans have been twice as generous as Americans so … thank you Germany .
We have also shipped a lot of Deluxe Bundle fan packs to Germany so Ink seems to be a big hit there . ”
Gulli asked Kiowa if she felt the movie had fallen victim to piracy , a notion she strongly denies .
“ I think to say victim is to characterize piracy as an all - together awful thing .
The piracy of Ink is unquestionably responsible for its popularity around the world .
Sure our trailers have been out for over a year and have had plenty of views outside the US , but we think that 70 % of the illegal downloads are coming from outside of the US and we do get a good number of international buyers at our online store every day , ” she explained .
Before Ink was pirated , the movie ’s IMDb rating was a lowly 12,991 .
As reported in our earlier article , it reached 16 and even moved up to the 14th position at one stage .
Incredibly it has stayed as one of the top 200 movies in the world for the last two months , a feat that would have been impossible without the extra exposure .
Looking forward to future distribution models , Kiowa feels that everything will change during the next 10 years as people demand instant and simple access to media and their TVs and computers merge together into one device .
“ That said , I ’m not sure what the revenue model will be for films , ” she notes .
“ Hollywood producers are quickly finding out that the instant films start circulating on DVD they will wind up on torrent sites . ”
Kiowa broadly puts BitTorrent users into two camps – those who want media in an instant and those who want it for free .
Noting that there are those who fall into both categories , she acknowledges the challenges that lie ahead in figuring out a way to make this situation bring revenue to the filmmakers .
“ I think a reasonably - priced instant download the moment the movie becomes available would largely cure the piracy issue so we will see how it all shakes out over the next several years , ” she adds .
As most observers are aware , many music and movie companies consider torrent sites as entities to be crushed and in recent years have set about a strategy to achieve that .
Gulli asked Kiowa if she believes that is the correct strategy to deal with the problem .
While one could argue that non-physical digital formats such as MP3 are part of the reason that piracy has flourished in recent years , Kiowa feels that the invention of the iPod has helped to reduce piracy , largely through the existence of competition from one service – iTunes .
The movie industry needs to catch up .
“ Until the equivalent of the iPod is invented for film or long - format video files I think that piracy is going to be a huge battle ground , one in which I doubt Hollywood will win , ” Kiowa predicts .
“ There is always a smarter programmer out there that can move faster than bureaucracy .
The film industry really needs to set its sights on overhauling its distribution system .
Right now there are horrible things like region - coded DVDs that tie up a film ’s rights in various countries and this is what has made the film business plenty of money over the years . ”
The industry needs to move its thinking to encompass global distribution , says Kiowa , not concentrate on pushing movies out to dozens of separate territories .
“ We are going to keep all the rights to Ink and not give them away country - by - country so that when that iPod - for - movies emerges
Ink can be the first film that debuts to the whole world , ” she says , adding : “ That is the hope anyway . ”
Looking to the future , partner Jamin is currently working on scripts for two new films , one a sci- fi psychological thriller called ‘ The Frame ’ and another a sci - fi fantasy called ‘ Myth of Man ’ .
“ For the time being we ’re just really happy that Ink is rolling along and gaining fans around the world .
How ever people come to the film , we ’re just happy that they are watching it , Kiowa concludes .
“ As Jamin likes to say , the battle of independent films is not piracy , it ’s obscurity .
Hey – at least we ’re winning that one ! ”
The full interview conducted by Lars Sobiraj , is available here .
FINDING SUCCESS ONE YEAR LATER ….
With the first anniversary of the stimulus package coming today , there ’s going to be a fair amount of analysis on the merits of the economic recovery initiative .
A good place to start would be this piece from the NYT‘s David Leonhardt .
Imagine if , one year ago , Congress had passed a stimulus bill that really worked .
Let ’s say this bill had started spending money within a matter of weeks and had rapidly helped the economy .
Let ’s also imagine it was large enough to have had a huge impact on jobs — employing something like two million people who would otherwise be unemployed right now .
If that had happened , what would the economy look like today ?
Well , it would look almost exactly as it does now .
Because those nice descriptions of the stimulus that I just gave are n’t hypothetical .
They are descriptions of the actual bill .
Among people who know what they ’re talking about , the fact that the stimulus has been successful is n’t even controversial anymore .
The leading economic research firms — IHS Global Insight , Macroeconomic Advisers , and Moody ’s Economy.com — estimate that the effort has already created as many as 1.8 million jobs , and will create about 2.5 million jobs when all is said and done .
As far as the independent Congressional Budget Office is concerned , those are conservative estimates — the CBO believes the stimulus is already responsible for as many as 2.4 million jobs .
Leonhardt describes the skeptics as “ misguided , ” adding that one can “ pick just about any area of the economy ” and find evidence of success .
To be sure , the recovery effort should have been bigger and more ambitious .
And it would have been , had Senate Republican “ moderates ” not demanded that the bill be scaled back , offering less assistance to states and local governments — one of the most effective areas of the legislation .
As has become apparent , changing bills to generate “ bipartisan ” support invariably means making the bills worse , and the stimulus , alas , fits this model .
But the Recovery Act was nevertheless instrumental is rescuing the economy from the abyss .
One year ago , we had three choices : approve the Democratic stimulus plan , approve the Republican spending - freeze plan , or do nothing .
We can all be deeply thankful President Obama and a Democratic congressional majority were in office at the time , because two of those three options would likely have been cataclysmic for the global economy .
That Republicans still claim any credibility on this issue is literally laughable .
Every time they claim the stimulus did n’t work — an argument we ’ll no doubt be hearing quite a bit today — the GOP , which was responsible for getting us into this mess in the first place , looks a little more ridiculous .
After some 400 years of relative stability , Earth 's North Magnetic Pole has moved nearly 1,100 kilometers out into the Arctic Ocean during the last century and at its present rate could move from northern Canada to Siberia within the next half - century .
If that happens , Alaska may be in danger of losing one of its most stunning natural phenomena – the Northern Lights .
But the surprisingly rapid movement of the magnetic pole does n't necessarily mean that our planet is going through a large - scale change that would result in the reversal of the Earth 's magnetic field , Oregon State University paleomagnetist Joseph Stoner reported today at the annual meeting of the American Geophysical Union in San Francisco , Calif .
" This may be part of a normal oscillation and it will eventually migrate back toward Canada , " said Stoner , an assistant professor in OSU 's College of Oceanic and Atmospheric Sciences .
" There is a lot of variability in its movement . "
Calculations of the North Magnetic
Pole 's location from historical records goes back only about 400 years , while polar observations trace back to John Ross in 1838 at the west coast of Boothia Peninsula .
To track its history beyond that , scientists have to dig into the Earth to look for clues .
Stoner and his colleagues have examined the sediment record from several Arctic lakes .
These sediments – magnetic particles called magnetite – record the Earth 's magnetic field at the time they were deposited .
Using carbon dating and other technologies – including layer counting – the scientists can determine approximately when the sediments were deposited and track changes in the magnetic field .
The Earth last went through a magnetic reversal some 780,000 years ago .
These episodic reversals , in which south becomes north and vice versa , take thousands of years and are the result of complex changes in the Earth 's outer core .
Liquid iron within the core generates the magnetic field that blankets the planet .
Because of that field , a compass reading of north in Oregon will be approximately 17 degrees east from " true geographic north . "
In Florida , farther away and more in line with the poles , the declination is only 4 - 5 degrees west .
The Northern Lights , which are triggered by the sun and fixed in position by the magnetic field , drift with the movement of the North Magnetic Pole and may soon be visible in more southerly parts of Siberia and Europe – and less so in northern Canada and Alaska .
In their research , funded by the National Science Foundation , Stoner and his colleagues took core samples from several lakes , but focused on Sawtooth Lake and Murray Lake on Ellesmere Island in the Canadian Arctic .
These lakes , about 40 to 80 meters deep , are covered by 2 - 3 meters of ice .
The researchers drill through the ice , extend their corer down through the water , and retrieve sediment cores about five meters deep from the bottom of the lakes .
The 5 - meter core samples provide sediments deposited up to about 5,000 years ago .
Below that is bedrock , scoured clean by ice about 7,000 to 8,000 years ago .
" The conditions there give us nice age control , " Stoner said .
" One of the problems with tracking the movement of the North Magnetic Pole has been tying the changes in the magnetic field to time .
There just has n't been very good time constraint .
But these sediments provide a reliable and reasonably tight timeline , having consistently been laid down at the rate of about one millimeter a year in annual layers .
" We 're trying to get the chronology down to a decadal scale or better . "
What their research has told Stoner and his colleagues is that the North Magnetic Pole has moved all over the place over the last few thousand years .
In general , it moves back and forth between northern Canada and Siberia .
But it also can veer sideways .
" There is a lot of variability in the polar motion , " Stoner pointed out , " but it is n't something that occurs often .
There appears to be a ' jerk ' of the magnetic field that takes place every 500 years or so .
The bottom line is that geomagnetic changes can be a lot more abrupt than we ever thought . "
Shifts in the North Magnetic Pole are of interest beyond the scientific community .
Radiation influx is associated with the magnetic field , and charged particles streaming down through the atmosphere can affect airplane flights and telecommunications .
Source : Oregon State University
Explore further A minuscule spacecraft joins a pilot 's epic journey to fly from pole to pole
After several incidents of misbehavior in Afghanistan involving the military contractor Blackwater and its employees , US lawmakers are moving to provide greater oversight of an industry that , while key to American military success , may also be undermining the mission there .
Even as US forces in Afghanistan operate under orders to protect Afghan civilians , erring on the side of caution and even holding their fire rather than risk harming them while fighting Taliban insurgents , concern is mounting that civilian contractors operate under a different set of rules – or simply do n't follow the rules .
“ If we do n’t fix the problems of oversight and make sure contractors like Blackwater play by the rules and live up to their commitments , we ’ll be doing a disservice to our troops by making their already - difficult and dangerous job even more so , ” said Sen. Carl Levin ( D ) of Michigan .
Senator Levin , chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee , takes up the topic at a hearing Wednesday .
Other lawmakers this week introduced legislation to prevent the American military from “ outsourcing ” security missions to contractors .
Many of the contractors in Afghanistan are overseen by the State Department or USAID , and the Pentagon typically hires contractors only for training .
So oversight of a firm like Blackwater / Xe , which provides security services , typically falls under State .
Administration officials generallyhave recognized the problems stemming from contractor behavior , blaming the lack of resources to conduct proper oversight .
It is unclear how administration officials view increased oversight from Congress .
“ The behavior of private contractors has endangered our military , hurt relationships with foreign governments , and undermined our missions overseas , ” said Rep. Jan Schakowsky ( D ) of Illinois , in introducing the Stop Outsourcing Security Act with Sen. Bernie Sanders ( I ) of Vermont .
Tuesday .
But the Senate hearing Wednesday will focus on incidents involving Blackwater , now known as Xe Services , and a sister firm , Paravant , that have given lawmakers pause .
In May of last year , two men working for Paravant killed two Afghans and injured a third in a shooting incident in which alcohol appeared to be involved , creating diplomatic tensions between the two countries and a backlash against American forces in one neighborhood .
The head of the American training command , Maj. Gen. Richard Formica , said it appeared the men , Justin Cannon and Christopher Drotleff , had “ violated alcohol consumption policies , were not authorized to possess weapons , violated use of force rules and violated movement control policies . ”
The two were later indicted on two counts of homicide and one count of attempted homicide each , as well as firearms charges .
But the incident pointed up what even a Blackwater senior executive conceded at the time was an environment in which Paravant had “ no regard for policies , rules , or adherence to regulations in country . ”
The rub about American contractors in today ’s wars is that they are absolutely necessary : Despite its vast size , the American military does not have enough manpower to cook all the food , guard all the buildings , clean all the latrines and conduct all the training in Afghanistan .
But in the hearts - and - minds campaign in Afghanistan , there is no distinction among the Afghan population between American service members and civilian contractors .
Malfeasance is malfeasance .
“ Local populations draw little or no distinction between American troops and the contractors employed by them , ” according to a report released in December by John Nagl and Richard Fontaine at the Center for a New American Security , a think tank in Washington .
“ An act committed by one can have the same effect on local or national opinion as an act carried out by the other . ”
( See Monitor coverage of a Project on Government Oversight report that cited " lewd and deviant " behavior on the part of contractors in Kabul . )
According to the CNAS report , about 75,000 contractors are working in Afghanistan , of which about 10,000 are Americans .
Paravant was formed in 2008 by Erik Prince , the controversial former head of Blackwater .
That company also has been involved in other incidents in both Iraq and Afghanistan , in which Blackwater guards have thrust the US into diplomatic , legal , and military confrontations over their actions .
Lawmakers cite another incident in December 2008 in which a Paravant program manager led a training team on a mission in which the team would learn how to shoot their AK - 47s from the back of a moving truck and “ ride it like a stagecoach , ” according to quotes attributed to a Paravant program manager contained in Levin 's statement .
During the training , the truck hit a bump , a weapon discharged , and one Paravant employee was seriously injured .
Although the incident was reported to an Army training command , the report of Paravant employees using weapons without proper supervision “ failed to set off alarm bells ” within the Army or the American training command in Afghanistan , according to Levin .
“ The reckless disregard for weapons safety is particularly striking given that he and his team were hired for the specific purpose of teaching the Afghan National Army how to safely use their weapons , ” said Levin .
Petros Williams will spend at least 28 years in prison for the murders A father who made a farewell video of his two children before strangling them has been jailed for life after being convicted of their murders .
Petros Williams killed Yolanda Molemohi , four , and two - year - old Theo Molemohi at his flat in Whalley Range , Manchester , last October .
In the video shown to Manchester Crown Crown , Williams , 37 , urged the children to say goodbye to their mother .
He has been told he will serve a minimum of 28 years in prison .
Mr Justice Parker , sentencing , said it was hard to conceive any more shocking crime .
The court was told that Zimbabwe - born Williams deliberately chose internet connection cords to choke the children to punish his wife for using dating websites after the breakdown of their marriage .
' Terrifying moments '
His wife , Morongoe Molemohi , 30 , had started using the websites to see other men , the jury was told .
Andrew Thomas QC , prosecuting , said he killed the children as a symbolic act of punishment to his wife .
Mother speaks of ' broken promise ' Ms Molehomi discovered the bodies of her children in Williams ' one - bedroom flat .
Her estranged husband was lying beside them dazed , but uninjured , next to a noose .
Ms Molehomi said in a statement after the hearing : " I will never be able to wipe the image from my mind , nor forget the terrifying desperate moments when I scrambled to help them , to call for help from others and to do what I could for them while I waited for the emergency services to arrive .
" Try to imagine the panic , the isolation and the sense of uselessness in those moments , as I realised that my most precious children needed me the most and I was unable to save them . "
' Bye Mummy '
The video tape found in the flat shows the children sitting in the living room with Williams initially behind the camera before he joined them on the sofa and told them : " Say , ' bye Mummy ' . "
The tape was labelled , " Daddy , Yolly , Theo. Byee The End " .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
There was a note attached which said , " Play the video , made for your memories , thank you , Petros " .
Williams , who had denied two counts of murder , was found guilty by the jury after 90 minutes of deliberation .
He had tried to blame his wife for the killings , but the judge said there was " no doubt " he had intended to kill them .
" It is hard to conceive any more shocking crime than a parent deliberately taking the life of his or her child , " said Mr Justice Parker .
" We saw from the video that Yolanda and Theo were happy children , full of love and laughter , with a whole lifetime ahead of them and , above all , absolute trust in their father who , for entirely selfish purposes , would end their brief lives . "
The couple moved to the UK in 2002 and had lived in Whalley Road since 2004 .
Their marriage suffered difficulties and both had affairs , the jury was told .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Councilwoman Letitia " Tish " James ( D - Fort Greene ) is suing a day laborer for causing " serious , severe and permanent [ injuries ] to her limbs and body " after she walked into a four - inch trailer hitch protruding from the back of his parked car .
According to court documents cited in the Brooklyn Paper , James says she suffered " great physical and mental pain " when she brushed against the hitch and cut her leg in Fort Greene last July .
After parking behind the itinerant worker 's car on Fulton Street between S. Portland Avenue and S. Oxford Street , James says she hurt her leg while walking between the vehicles .
" It 's a public safety issue , " said James , who claims the incident left her with a seven - inch scar .
" My car was parked and his car was parked .
His hitch was exposed . "
The politician claims the hitch is illegal , and is seeking an unspecified amount of damages from laborer David Day .
" This lawsuit could be ended today if he removed it . "
But Day swears he did nothing wrong , and has begged James to drop the suit .
" Please do n't go forward with it , " he wrote in a letter to James last month .
" You are famous and powerful while I 'm a nobody without means who 's done you no harm . "
He insists the hitch is legal , and says that if he loses in court , James wo n't win much because he only earns about one - tenth of the politician 's $ 122,500 salary .
With us today is Steve Hazel , senior director of development at Sauce Labs , a company that focuses on accelerating the Agile web development test process .
Q : Steve , what is functional testing ?
How does it differ from , say , unit testing ?
A : " Functional testing " has always seemed like an unfortunate name to me ; " functionality testing " or " feature testing " might be a little clearer .
The idea is to verify that the features of an application work end - to - end , from the vantage point of an actual user .
Unit testing , on the other hand , is focused on verifying that a small chunk of code is working as designed , in isolation from other components in the system .
So if a unit test fails , you can be reasonably confident you 'll know what code you need to look at to fix the problem .
But unit tests can't confirm that all these individual components work properly together as a system .
That 's where functional testing comes in .
A good thumbnail sketch of functional testing is the kind of manual testing almost every software developer has always done : start the program up , and try it out .
Push all the buttons , try to use it , see whether anything goes wrong .
That kind of test is universal , and it's a simple example of a functional test .
Of course , the state of the art these days is automated and much more comprehensive functional testing , but that captures the idea .
It 's testing at the level of user interactions with software -- when you open Firefox and login to gmail .com to check your email , you 're using all the parts of a complex system that makes Gmail work .
To verify that the full user experience is working ( that the a " units " operate together as a system or " functional " whole ) , you need functional tests .
Q : Why is functional testing getting so much attention these days ?
A : I think the headline is that testing , in general , has been getting more attention amongst software developers , thanks to the adoption of Agile development methods and their focus on increased automated testing early in the development process .
Agile originally only focused on unit testing , and unit testing has very quickly become a standard , expected developer practice .
Developers have realized , though , that they can't live on unit tests alone .
Functional tests are needed as part of what my cofounder Jason Huggins likes to call a " complete breakfast " of software testing .
Q : Can you tell us what Selenium is in general and Sauce RC 1.0 is in particular ?
What 's unique about the Sauce implementation ?
A : Selenium is a browser automation tool .
It provides commands to control a web browser to do the same kinds of things a user would when using a website .
A basic test using Selenium would include commands that tell a web browser to open a webpage , type text into a field , click a button , and verify the value of some result on the page .
Selenium achieves a broad goal .
It enables software developers and testers to write functional tests in any programming language ( Java , C# , Python , Ruby , PHP , etc ) against any kind of website or web application , and run those tests in any web browser ( Internet Explorer , Firefox , Safari , Google Chrome , etc ) .
There are two main components of Selenium : Selenium IDE , a Firefox extension that can record / playback simple tests which affords new users a low - threshold entry to Selenium testing , and Selenium Remote Control ( RC ) , which has more advanced features and supports more languages and more browsers than Selenium IDE .
Sauce RC is our distribution of Selenium RC .
It includes the latest release of Selenium RC , plus some patches that we felt were important , and an installer and configuration interface that make it easy to install , configure , and administrate .
It has a web interface for configuration , which is a simple way to enable remote administration , and it can connect to our cloud service , Sauce OnDemand , to run tests in browsers that might not be available locally .
We 'll be open sourcing Sauce RC under the same ( Apache ) license as Selenium itself , and we contribute our improvements to Selenium RC back to the Selenium project .
Q : How does all this relate to software parallelization and multicore platforms ?
A : Well , you really want to be running tests very frequently , and you want them to run in a reasonable amount of time .
There 's that famous research by Boehm that says the cost of defects increases exponentially over the phases of the software life cycle .
So it 's worth putting the effort into catching defects earlier .
And a comprehensive test suite , especially with functional tests that exercise the entire software stack , can take a while , sometimes many hours , to run .
The good news is , you can throw CPUs at the problem , because well - written tests are naturally parallelizable .
Tests that leave behind significant persistent state , or which interact with one another , are more fragile , more prone to false - positive failures when the application is working fine , and less able to isolate failures so that you have some idea where to start looking when a problem is identified .
The tendency , if you 're doing a good job writing useful and independent tests , will be that they can be parallelized with little or no further effort .
Q : Where does the cloud come into play ?
A : It 's important in a couple of ways .
Parallelization of tests is one obvious benefit .
Testing is this bursty process that requires a lot of CPU cycles for a short period of time .
Requisitioning CPUs from an elastic cloud makes high - leverage use of the natural capability of the cloud and is an economical way to get testing done rapidly .
But beyond that , I think every software shop that uses Selenium heavily ends up with a bunch of machines that do nothing but run Selenium tests all day .
That infrastructure translates into maintenance headaches , and because it 's usually not your core focus , it tends not to get built out at the level of quality and with the kinds of features that would make it really great to use .
Sauce OnDemand is our answer to those problems .
It provides Selenium testing infrastructure as a cloud service , so you can plug it in and get on with the business of building great software .
Sauce RC in turn makes that easy .
In addition to working as a normal Selenium RC server , it has a mode that connects to Sauce OnDemand .
If you have a test you 're running in Firefox on your Mac laptop , you can be running it in Internet Explorer 6 in seconds just by selecting that browser from the drop - down menu in Sauce RC .
Have n't we seen this before — in a movie ?
In San Jose , California , a used - car dealer — Alberto Luna , of Alberto's Auto Sales , also in San Jose — was a Bad Man .
He repossessed Isabel Leuvano 's Honda Accord while her two - year - old son was sleeping inside .
According to the Associated Press , it took officers about a half - hour to locate the child , also reported by Luna , and kidnapping charges probably wo n't be made .
Repossession rates fell slightly in 2009 , after hitting an all - time high in 2008 , though it remained very high , at more than five percent of vehicle loans ( new and used combines ) , according to CNW Marketing Research .
AutoLoanDaily.com , citing those CNW figures last month , said that higher interest rates in 2009 kept those with bad credit from being approved for loans , helping to counter the repo trend .
Further repos should drop as well .
Yet there are still undoubtedly dealerships that are taking matters into their own hands to move vehicles .
For instance one San Jose dealership called Alberto's Auto Sales ( not necessarily the one mentioned above ) advertises itself on its web site as " A better way to buy your next car , " boasting a 100 - percent approved credit application with zero- percent financing and zero- percent interest .
" We will not turn you down , " the business declares .
[ Associated Press , via Fox News ]
Dorothy Lee and her husband of 40 years were driving home from a Bible study group one wintry night when their car suddenly hit the curb .
Mrs. Lee looked at her husband , who was driving , and saw his head bob a couple of times and fall on his chest .
In the ensuing minutes , Mrs. Lee recalls , she managed to avoid a crash while stopping the car , called 911 on her cellphone and tried to revive her husband before an ambulance arrived .
But at the hospital , soon after learning her husband had died of a heart attack , Mrs. Lee 's heart ...
Music 's lost decade : Sales cut in half
NEW �YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
If you watched the Grammy Awards Sunday night , it would appear all is well in the recording industry .
But at the end of last year , the music business was worth half of what it was ten years ago and the decline does n't look like it will be slowing anytime soon .
Total revenue from U.S. music sales and licensing plunged to $ 6.3 billion in 2009 , according to Forrester Research .
In 1999 , that revenue figure topped $ 14.6 billion .
Although the Recording Industry Association of America will report its official figures in the early spring , the trend has been very clear : RIAA has reported declining revenue in nine of the past 10 years , with album sales falling an average of 8 % each year .
Last decade was the first ever in which sales were lower going out than coming in .
" There have been a lot of changes over the past 10 years , " said Joshua Friedlander , vice president of research at RIAA .
" The industry is adapting to consumer 's demands of how they listen to music , when and where , and we 've had some growing pains in terms of monetizing those changes . "
The two recessions during the decade certainly did n't help music sales .
It 's also a bit unfair to compare the 2000s with the 1990s , since the '90s enjoyed an unnatural sales boost when consumers replaced their cassette tapes and vinyl records en masse with CDs .
But industry insiders and experts argue that the main culprit for the industry 's massive decline was the growing popularity of digital music .
" The digital music business has been a war of attrition that nobody seems to be winning , " said David Goldberg , the former head of Yahoo music .
" The CD is still disappearing , and nothing is replacing it in entirety as a revenue generator . "
The disease of free
The battle for paying digital customers may have been lost before it had truly begun .
In 1999 , Napster , a free online file - sharing service , made its debut .
Not only did Napster help change the way most people got music , it also lowered the price point from $ 14 for a CD to free .
" It 's pretty easy to give away something for free , " said Russell Frackman , the lead attorney for the music industry in its 1999 case against Napster .
" It 's not that the music industry thought the technology was bad , it just objected to the use to which it was being put . "
Apple 's ( AAPL , Fortune 500 ) iTunes is credited with finally getting people to pay for digital music , but it was n't unveiled until 2003 .
In the time between Napster 's shuttering and iTunes ' debut , many of Napster 's 60 million users found other online file sharing techniques to get music for free .
Even after iTunes got people buying music tracks for just 99 cents , it was n't as attractive as free .
" That four - year lag is where the music industry lost the battle , " said Sonal Gandhi , music analyst with Forrester Research .
" They lost an opportunity to take consumers ' new behavior and really monetize it in a way that nipped the free music expectation in the bud . "
Now just 44 % of U.S. Internet users and 64 % of Americans who buy digital music think that that music is worth paying for , according to Forrester .
The volume of unauthorized downloads continues to represent about 90 % of the market , according to online download tracker BigChampagne Media Measurement .
" People will steal music regardless , so it 's not worth trying to fight against something where the fight 's already over , " said Dan Ingala , founder and lead singer of the band Plushgun .
When Plushgun released its album " Pins and Panzers , " it was the most downloaded album on the popular peer - to - peer Web site What.cd with more than 10,000 illegally downloaded tracks .
" It 's just a matter of adjusting , " said Ingala .
" At the same time , it 's helping us create an audience . "
Where we 're headed
The problem for the music industry may actually be its greatest opportunity .
Despite the great decline in sales , the Internet has exposed consumers to more music than ever before .
But that accessibility has been difficult to monetize .
The music industry has tried to keep up by licensing ringtones , licensing music on popular Internet radio stations like MySpace Music and Pandora and licensing music videos on YouTube .
Digital licensing revenue reached $ 84 million in 2009 , and it is expected to grow substantially in the coming year .
( See correction below . )
Licensing fees do n't make up for the volume of total lost sales , but Gandhi says the fact that the music industry is finally embracing these new technologies and revenue streams means the industry is finally getting it .
She said the combined effect of interactive multimedia , a growth in digital licensing and services such as Lala , which was bought by Apple in December , will ultimately help give sales a boost .
" The industry is actively doing a lot of things that are putting us back on the right path , " said RIAA 's Friedlander .
" We 're switching to an access model from a purchase model . "
Forrester forecasts music industry revenues will continue to decline until it reaches about $ 5.5 billion a year by 2014 , as new revenue sources begin to lift sales again .
Correction :
An earlier version of the story incorrectly reported the figure for digital licensing revenue as $ 84 billion when it should have been $ 84 million .
By Duncan Kennedy
BBC News , Rome
Cartoon of Silvio Berlusconi and Umberto Bossi , courtesy of Corriere della Sera A cartoon in the Italian daily , Corriere Della Sera , neatly sums up the outcome of the country 's regional election results .
It shows Umberto Bossi , the leader of the federalist Northern League Party dressed as a knight riding on the back of Silvio Berlusconi , the prime minister , who , in turn , is trying to control the horse they are both on .
What it means is that the results of the 13 contested regions show Mr Berlusconi is still in the political saddle , but his handicap has been increased with the extra weight of a demanding coalition partner .
That is not to say Mr Berlusconi has become a mere whipping boy of the League .
Far from it .
He has surprised a lot of people in these elections , himself probably included .
Before the ballot , pundits were suggesting that , at most , his centre - right coalition might pick up one or two regions .
Instead he gained four , all at the expense of the centre - left , taking his tally to six and slashing theirs to seven .
Low turn - out
The commentators had suggested Mr Berlusconi might be mauled by voters , angry at his failure to concentrate on their issues - like unemployment and the battered economy - and not his ones , which included controversies that ranged from corruption investigations into a senior aide , to claims he tried to pull unfriendly TV talk - shows off air ( denied ) .
So why did the voters punish him less than the centre - left ?
Well , it seems that the punishment was confined to abstention , rather than party swapping .
Renata Polverini ( l ) won Lazio for the centre - right in a tight race
The relatively low turnout , just like the advances made by the Northern League , has been one of the stories of these elections .
Overall it was down around 8 % , to about 64 % , compared with the 2005 elections .
It has not been that low for 15 years .
So , hardly a ringing endorsement for Mr Berlusconi , and it will rein in his ability to talk about a " mandate " for his next three years in office .
But it has been a victory , nonetheless .
His People of Freedom Party ( PDL ) will especially relish taking Lazio , the region that includes Rome .
It was here during the campaign that politics momentarily turned to farce , when one of Mr Berlusconi 's party officials failed to hand in their candidate list on time .
In an episode that will enter Italian political folklore , newspapers reported that the gentleman concerned had popped out to get himself a sandwich and lost track of the time .
True or not , it created a political and legal furore that had Mr Berlusconi reaching for the statute books to try to get his people reinstated in the fight .
He partially lost that battle , though his sponsored candidate for governor of the region , Renata Polverini , was allowed to run and duly delivered him a gossamer - thin victory over the former European Union Commissioner , Emma Bonino , in an all - female nail biter .
Political bombast Mr Berlusconi also picked up Calabria and Campania , both in the south .
But in the north , it was his allies , the Northern League , who cemented their hold in their heartland and with it a likely greater slice of the action within Mr Berlusconi 's cabinet .
The League picked up Veneto , as expected , but also edged a win in Piedmont at the expense of the centre - left .
His victories prompted Mr Bossi to indulge in his favourite pastime of political bombast .
Umberto Bossi ( r ) has promised federalism " The left no longer exists in the north , " came his clarion cry , adding , for good measure , that , " the people want federalism and we will give it to them quickly . "
Gone are the days when the League openly called for independence , though privately , many of its supporters still dream of one day living in Padania , the name of their would - be autonomous region .
Their progress in the elections will not mean Italy is about to be formally carved up into a north - south divide , but Mr Berlusconi will almost certainly have to pay a price for their continued support and loyalty in government .
The League 's additional prominence will also play into the equation being worked on by one of Mr Berlusocni 's potential rivals , Gianfranco Fini .
Mr Fini , the President of Italy 's lower house of parliament , is always named as a likely successor in a post -Berlusconi world .
A more influential Northern League is not to Mr Fini 's liking and that may embolden him to act sooner rather than later .
Centre - left woes
As for the centre - left , they will once again go away and wonder where it all went wrong .
What should have been an easy target for them to coalesce around ( Mr Berlusconi ) has again failed to boost them .
Familiar explanations will no doubt be paraded : they are divided , unnatural allies faced with a prime minister who controls much of the media .
A coalition of self - - not united - interests , behind a decent , but frankly colourless leader , Pier Luigi Bersani .
One commentator said that the centre - left has not yet lost enough elections to bring it to a point where it wakes up and gets its act together .
There might be some truth in that .
For now , it leaves Silvio Berlusconi 's domination of politics intact , if a little diluted by the Northern League 's performance .
No amount of controversy , it seems , can deny Mr Berlusconi victory .
Despite the best efforts of newspapers , Mr Berlusconi is no cartoon character .
Now the election dust has settled , where he leads , Italy will still willingly , or less willingly , follow .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Two is company and three ’s a crowd , but for Greg and Katie Clodfelter of Ottawa , four was certainly their lucky number .
Scientists have already created mini-cyborgs out of living cells and semiconductor materials , but now biological cells can also contain tiny silicon chips , which could become sensors that monitor microscopic activities , deliver drugs to target cells or even repair cell structures .
Advertisement
According to Nanowerk , experiments found that living human cells can ingest or receive injections of silicon chips and continue functioning as usual for the most part .
More than 90 percent of chip - containing HeLa cells — the first immortal human cell line derived from a poor , cancer - stricken woman – still survived a week after receiving their silicon loads .
Other studies have tested nanoparticles
inside living cells .
But silicon chips allow for much easier integration of electronics and mechanical parts , say scientists at the Instituto de Microelectrónica de Barcelona in Spain .
Advertisement
The study published in the aptly - named journal Small opens the doors for possibly putting microprocessors and other silicon - based devices inside cells .
That could lead to promising developments for both micro-computing and medicine .
It may also represent a small step toward fulfilling several of the Pentagon 's wishes set forth by DARPA , including engineering immortal controllable synthetic beings with genetic kill - switches .
Maybe those mad science dreamers need to think smaller than cyborg beetles .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
[ via Nanowerk ]
Advertisement
Popular Science is your wormhole to the future .
Reporting on what 's new and what 's next in science and technology , we deliver the future now .
ANAHEIM – A mother who was paroled after serving 23 years in prison for a deadly arson blaze never had legal status in the U.S. and was repatriated in her native Mexico just before 5 p.m.
Thursday , immigration officials said .
Rosie Sanchez was set to start a new life Thursday , moving in with her daughter in Anaheim and getting ready for her 50th birthday Friday as a free woman .
Instead , Sanchez was sent back to Mexico after U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement officials declared she had never been in the country legally .
“ She was repatriated at the San Ysidro border crossing without incident after speaking at length with a representative at the Mexican Consulate , ” ICE spokeswoman Virginia Kice said .
Sanchez ’s relatives and attorneys had believed that she had been a legal resident when she was convicted of setting on fire a competitor ’s clothing business in downtown Los Angeles in 1985 , killing a man who was sleeping in the store .
Sanchez was sentenced to 25 years to life for first - degree murder and arson .
The planned Anaheim homecoming for Sanchez , a mother of four , appeared to be on track last week when Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger , in a rare move , did not block a first - time recommendation by the Parole Board that she be released .
Immigration officials took Sanchez into custody Thursday because her murder conviction rendered her deportable , even if she had been in the country as a legal permanent resident .
After discovering that Sanchez never had legal status , ICE officials promptly deported her .
No hearing is required for such a procedure .
“ As an illegal alien who has been convicted of a serious felony , she was subject to administrative removal , ” Kice said .
Her children , including Rosie Sanchez , 27 , who shares her mother name , were upset at the turn of events .
“ Oh my God , ” said Sanchez , who believed her mother had the documents to prove her legal status .
Son Gus Sanchez , 31 , said he is heading to Mexico to try to find his mother and help get her settled , probably in Mexicali .
Her sister lives about an hour away across the border in Calexico .
“ I just want to see my mom and spend some time with her , ” said Gustavo Sanchez , a retail manager who lives in Riverside .
Earlier , the younger Rosie Sanchez said she saw no reason why her mother should not be allowed to stay in the country .
“ It ’s not like she ’s going to be a burden to the state , ” she said .
“ I think this is so unfair .
We ’ve all waited so long for this . ”
The elder Sanchez ’s four children were raised by relatives , a grandmother and , for a time , were in foster care .
They all graduated from high school or college , and have families and jobs .
Sanchez always has maintained her innocence , blaming shoddy legal representation and claiming she was at home at the time of the fire .
For example , she maintains she has five witnesses to back her alibi , but that her attorney only called one to testify .
The prosecution primarily relied on an 18 - year - old witness , Adan Ramos , who said he saw Sanchez and another woman while he was trapped in the burning building .
Ramos ’ father , Epiphanio , was sleeping in the store and died in the fire .
Few inmates maintain their innocence throughout their incarceration and for those who do , it ’s very unusual for them to be granted parole , said Heidi Rummel , professor of law and co-director of the USC Law Post - Conviction Justice Project .
Sanchez could have said she committed the crime to get a shot at parole earlier , but she refused to bend on her contention that she was innocent , her family and legal representatives said .
“ The Parole Board values and puts a lot of weight on an inmate ’s ability to describe insight into a crime , and admitting to a crime is one thing the board looks at , ” Rummel said .
Sanchez maintained a stellar prison record at California Institution for Women in Corona .
A legal team from the University of Southern California Law School was able to successfully argue for her release before the Parole Board .
Thursday , her children , who range in age from 26 to 31 , joined a legal team at USC to announce that they would be asking Schwarzenegger to pardon the crime .
Despite Sanchez being sent back to Mexico , they will continue to seek the pardon .
Before ICE agents took Sanchez into custody Thursday morning , her children were able to get a glimpse of her being moved into a vehicle at the prison .
“ She looked beautiful , ” her daughter , Rosie Sanchez , said .
“ We waved to her and blew kisses . ”
Sanchez has a sister living in Mexicali but wanted to stay near her four children and several grandchildren who live in Anaheim and surrounding counties , Rosie Sanchez said .
Contact the writer : 714-704-3764 or ghardesty@ocregister.com
Giving away free umbrellas in the middle of a rainstorm is not that easy .
David Ibnale had no idea how tough it would be to give away umbrellas on Market Street the other day .
He figured that he and his free umbrellas were going to change the world .
The world had other ideas .
" People thought there was something fishy about it , " Ibnale said .
" There was n't .
It was just free umbrellas . "
Ibnale was one of a dozen people in San Francisco who had been given $ 100 by a startup charity that is trying to get strangers to start doing nice things for other strangers .
It 's a novel concept .
Most folks , it turns out , are n't prepared for it .
" What 's the catch ? " a man asked .
No catch , replied Ibnale .
Take an umbrella .
You 're getting wet .
" No , thanks , " the man answered , and kept walking through the rain .
Ibnale began keeping count .
He asked 27 wet people if they would like to have an umbrella .
Seventeen of them said no .
Altruism is something of a novelty these days , and most people have little time to partake .
But altruism is the whole idea behind the new charity , called the Secret Society for Creative Philanthropy .
It 's the brainchild of Courtney Martin , a South of Market writer who dreamed up the idea four years ago in New York and has handed out a stack of her own $ 100 bills every year to select good - deed doers who agree to dream up unusual ways to use the dough .
About the same time that Ibnale was handing out umbrellas , Brett Lockspeiser took $ 100 worth of dollar bills to the 16th Street Mission BART Station and held up a sign .
" I will give you $ 1 for you to give to someone else , " the sign said .
Throughout the evening rush , Lockspeiser stood in the station , trying to give away dollar bills .
" Everyone though I was trying to scam them , " he said .
" They wanted to know what I was up to .
I told them they just had to promise to give the $ 1 to someone else . "
After three hours , Lockspeiser had managed to give away only $ 52 .
One passer - by did not take the $ 1 but , suspecting that Lockspeiser was down and out , handed him a pair of socks .
Supporting the arts
Some people who took the dollar bills immediately dropped them into the hat of a street musician a few steps away .
" He was very happy about the whole thing , " Lockspeiser said .
The 12 members of the society got together last week for a party on Folsom Street , to report to Martin on how tough it had been to do nice things with her cash .
Jocelyn Wyatt used her $ 100 to fill two cardboard boxes with Reese 's peanut butter cups , Kraft macaroni and cheese , and red licorice and mail them off to college students doing volunteer work in Guatemala and Senegal .
The chocolate probably melted on the way south , she said , as Guatemala and Senegal are like that .
And she was obliged to kick in $ 120 more to cover postage .
" It cost me about $ 120 from my own pocket to ship $ 100 worth of crap , " she said .
" Oh , well . "
Mollie Ricker spent her entire creative philanthropy grant on a tip to a friendly cabdriver , just to see what he would do .
Christina Zanfagna used her grant to buy rounds of drinks for strangers in a restaurant .
Someone else bought stamped postcards and asked passers - by to use them to write to their friends , because getting a real piece of mail without a bill inside is a light - up - your - face thing .
Clark Kellogg deposited his $ 100 in a bank account and left written instructions for his great - granddaughter to withdraw the accumulated total in 100 years and give it away .
With compound interest , he said , the total will be $ 2.1 million , which is enough for a lot of free umbrellas in the rainstorms of 2110 .
" I do n't think I 'll be around then , " he said .
Jeremy Mende took a stack of cash to Union Square and offered pairs of strangers $ 1 apiece if they would have one - on - one conversations with each other .
Then he videotaped the conversations and made a home movie .
Many topics
The strangers talked to each other about sex , fireworks , banana slugs , gin , orgasms and Marlon Brando .
Some of the conversations were worth a lot more than $ 1 .
" Are you a therapist or are you on probation ? " said one stranger to another stranger .
The best idea seemed to come from Martin 's own mother .
She used her $ 100 to buy 400 quarters and scatter them on a grammar school playground .
Recess that day was unlike other recesses .
Martin said the idea for her $ 100 - a - pop society is catching on , and this year there will similar groups in Maui , Krakow , Houston , Vancouver and Los Angeles , a town that can use any break it can get .
The whole thing started four years ago , when Martin used part of a book advance from her publisher to get the foundation rolling , just because it seemed like a positive thing to do in a world that was running short of them .
One hundred dollars , which was not a lot of money four years ago , is less today , she acknowledged .
Even during a recession , you can't buy a lot with $ 100 besides goodwill , but there 's nothing wrong with that .
" One hundred dollars is not going to change anyone 's life , " Martin said .
" It 's a small thing .
The money is just a framework for people to use their imagination .
It 's like a kick in the ass . "
Effete Internet Male
Its the magazine for all the little bitches and whiners on the internet that think their morals and solutions are better than everyone else because they morally superior to the unwashed masses .
New research conducted at the University of Maryland 's bat lab shows Egyptian fruit bats find a target by NOT aiming their guiding sonar directly at it .
Instead , they alternately point the sound beam to either side of the target .
The new findings by researchers from Maryland and the Weizmann Institute of Science in Israel suggest that this strategy optimizes the bats ' ability to pinpoint the location of a target , but also makes it harder for them to detect a target in the first place .
" We think that this tradeoff between detecting a object and determining its location is fundamental to any process that involves tracking an object whether done by a bat , a dog or a human , and whether accomplished through hearing , smell or sight , " said coauthor Cynthia Moss , a University of Maryland professor of psychology , who directs interdisciplinary bat echolocation research in the university 's Auditory Neuroethology Lab , better known as the bat lab .
Moss , colleagues Nachum Ulanovsky and Yossi Yovel of the Weizmann Institute , and Ben Falk , a graduate student of Moss 's in Maryland 's Neuroscience and Cognitive Science Program , published their findings in the journal Science .
Ulanovsky , the paper 's corresponding author , was a Maryland postdoctoral student under Moss .
For this research , Ulanovsky and Yossi trained fruit bats to land on a spherical target while relying exclusively on their sonar .
Trained in Israel , the bats were then brought to Maryland to be studied in Moss 's specialized lab .
High speed infrared cameras recorded the bats movement in flight while the shape and direction of their sonar beam patterns was measured with a sensitive arrangement of 20 microphones positioned around the large room .
These bats emit paired clicking sounds and the researchers found that the sonar beam created by each click alternated to the left and right of a target .
This alternating pattern effectively directed the inside edge , or maximum slope , of each sonar beam onto the target .
As a result , any change in the relative position of the target to the bat reflected that large sonar edge back at the bat , delivering the largest possible change in echo intensity .
However , as the researchers note , there is a cost to this approach : less sound is reflected back to the bat from the object than if the sound beam were aimed more directly toward the object .
Thus the fruit bat 's strategy of using the steepest edge of a sonar beam ( which intuitively follows a mathematical optimization formula ) sacrifices a little target - detection for pinpoint accuracy in tracking .
Detecting vs. Tracking
By changing the conditions of their experiments in the bat lab the researchers were able to show that the fruit bats will sometimes change their echolocation strategy based on the situation .
To do this , a reflecting board was positioned behind the target , creating " noise " echoes that competed with those from the target , potentially making detection of the target more difficult .
In trials under these conditions , some bats altered their sound beam directional strategy .
These bats started off with the wide side to side pointing that maximizes determining location , but once they got closer , switched to point the beams from both clicks almost directly at the target .
Moss , who has been researching bat echolocation for 20 years , notes that even among different bat species there are different approaches to tracking objects .
Much of the research she and her students have conducted in the bat lab has looked at big brown bats , which are common in the United States .
Big brown bars generate sound with their vocal cords and aim the resulting sound beam directly at their targets , an approach that maximizes their ability to detect the mosquitoes and other small , fast moving insects that serve as food .
" The difference in sonar beam directing strategies between the Egyptian Fruit bats and Big Brown bats may be related to the differences between their sound production mechanisms ( tongue clicks vs. vocalizations ) , echo processing systems , behavioral requirements in nature , or other species differences , " said Moss , a former director of the Neuroscience and Cognitive Science Program , who also holds an appointment in the university 's Institute for Systems Research .
The researchers suggest other animals reflect similar approaches to the detection versus tracking tradeoff .
Their paper gives the example of a hound dog following an odor trail using a similar localization approach to that used by the tongue clicking Egyptian fruit bats .
" People without sight use echolocation , in some cases also generating sound by tongue clicking , " said Moss .
One such person , she noted , is Daniel Kish , Executive Director of World Access for the Blind .
Totally blind from birth , Kish uses tongue clicking for sonar that allows him to " see " his enviroment at a very high level , even allowing him to safely ride a bike in a city street .
Kish is " the first totally blind , national certified Orientation & Mobility Specialist , " according to the website for World Access for the Blind .
Check out this YouTube video about Kish and his work educating others to use echolocation .
" There are no measurements of the directionality of the sound beams used by blind echolocators like Kish , " Moss said .
" But looking at head movements in echo locating blind individuals , it seems that some may show a similar strategy [ to that of fruit bats ] . "
Hannah Giles Explains Those Pimp and Prostitute Outfits
Created : February 19 , 2010 13:04 | Last updated : July 31 , 2020 00:00
I caught up with Hannah Giles , co-star of the ACORN sting videos , after she accepted one of 10 “ Buckley Awards ” handed out in the XPAC lounge for young conservative leaders .
Weekly Standard reporter John McCormack and FreedomWorks organizer Brendan Steinhauser were among the winners , but no one attracted as much attention as Giles , who was approached every two or three minutes by photograph - seekers .
“ This was terrifying at first , being here , ” said Giles , who was sporting black pumps , a black top , and a black - and - pink miniskirt as she walked through the conference halls .
Was she getting used to the attention ?
“ Nope !
I do n’t think I ’ll ever get used to it . ”
I asked Giles about a criticism that ’s often been leveled against them — that they hyped up the video by wearing outrageous clothes in promotional materials and the videos ’ introductions that they did n’t wear in the actual stings .
“ We never claimed that he went in with a pimp costume , ” said Giles .
“ That was b-roll .
It was purely b-roll .
He was a pimp , I was a prostitute , and we were walking in front of government buildings to show how the government was whoring out the American people . ”
What ’s Giles working on now ?
“ I ’m working on some stories , doing research — you ’ll see , ” said Giles .
She ’ll be working with text , not video .
404 Page Not Found
The page you requested was not found .
Trying going back to the Home Page .
Was there a Stone Age apocalypse or not ?
One narrative has it that about 13,000 years ago a comet blasted North America , wiping out the continent ’s megafauna – as well as its early settlers .
It ’s a compelling story , offering a simple explanation to the mystery of why mammoths , mastodons , and Clovis humans vanished .
But it ’s a controversial theory , and new research suggests the impact was far too small to have done any serious damage .
Doubts centre on the speed of extinctions , the fate of the Clovis culture , and the presence of supposed impact signatures .
But advocates of the comet - blast theory say they will present their own new data at the American Geophysical Union ( AGU ) meeting in San Francisco , where they will share the stage with sceptics .
“ Nothing special happened at 12,900 years ago , ” says John Williams of the University of Wisconsin - Madison .
His data , reported in Science this week , suggest that large mammals were already rare well before the purported impact .
Advertisement
Scraping the bottom
Williams and his colleagues searched layered lake - bottom deposits in Indiana and New York State for the spores of the fungus Sporormiella found in the dung of large plant - eating mammals such as mammoths and horses .
From a decline in the spore counts , they conclude that the megafauna population dropped steadily between 14,800 and 13,700 years ago , making them rare 800 years before any comet strike .
Williams says the data rule out a sudden , impact - driven extinction .
However , geologist and impact - advocate James Kennett at the University of California , Santa Barbara , calls that “ a classic case of over - interpretation ” because the data comes from only a small area and not from different sites across the whole of North America .
Cultural development
Some anthropologists are also unhappy and with the sudden extinction theory , taking issue with claims that an impact wiped out the Clovis people .
It ’s true that distinctive Clovis - style artefacts disappear and sites were abandoned at the start of a dramatic cooling event which began about 13,000 years ago called the Younger Dryas .
But the people did n’t die , says Vance Holliday of the University of Arizona in Tucson .
“ An artefact style was replaced by another style .
You see that all over the world . ”
Moreover , early North Americans were highly mobile hunter - gatherers who occupied sites only briefly before moving on .
What ’s more , the geological layer representing the Younger Dryas is missing the sort of extraterrestrial material that was a hallmark of the impact that wiped out the dinosaurs .
Comet conundrum
Isotope geochemist Mukul Sharma of Dartmouth College in Hanover , New Hampshire , says he has been unable to find any significant amount of platinum - group elements with the distinctive isotopic signature showing that they came from space .
Sharma will detail his findings at the AGU meeting .
Yet something did crash into the Pacific Ocean around the period in question .
In a separate AGU paper , Sharma will report finding traces of extraterrestrial osmium on the floor of the mid-Pacific dating from between 16,000 and 8000 years ago .
Some Younger Dryas deposits do contain residues similar to those from the 1908 Tunguska explosion over Siberia , says Adrian Melott of the University of Kansas , Lawrence .
He reckons the North American event was “ something maybe a couple of orders of magnitude bigger than Tunguska ” – but still perhaps only one - hundredth the scale of the proposed comet blast .
Journal reference : Science , DOI : 10.1126/science.1179504
The Haiku operating system , an open source remake of BeOS , has gained support for running a number of KDE applications , including the KOffice productivity suite .
This was made possible by a native port of Nokia 's Qt development framework to the Haiku platform .
The Qt port will significantly boost the availability of third - party software for the operating system .
The port is a community - driven effort , meaning that it is not officially supported by Nokia .
As portability is one of the principle goals behind Qt , it 's unsurprising that a group of enthusiasts was able to make it work on Haiku with little apparent difficulty .
Among the first KDE applications that have been ported are a number of games , the lightweight qutIM instant messaging program , the WebKit - based Arora Web browser , and Nokia 's Qt Creator development environment .
Haiku users can easily test KDE applications by using the TiltOS package manager .
Back in the day , BeOS had a relatively good widget toolkit and clean C++ APIs for application development .
The Haiku developers have rebuilt much of that with the hope that the source code of classic BeOS applications can be recompiled on Haiku and used to create a new base of native software programs .
The independent effort to bring
Qt to the platform could help fill the gaps while the native software ecosystem is repopulated .
But Rahway police sent an officer to their home after they received an anonymous complaint of " a naked snow woman " , and asked the family to cover her up .
2010/03/15
Kowa Six
Recently I bought on ebay a new camera , a Kowa Six .
It 's a big and heavy camera , using medium format film ( 120 or 220 ) .
A few weeks ago on a Sunday afternoon I wanted to try it , so I took it with some film , a light meter , and went to a random place ( Versailles , I had not been there in a long time ) to take a few photos before it was night .
And it was cold .
This weekend I scanned the negatives :
[ /log/photos / cameras ] permanent link
Windows / Mac / Linux : Brewtarget is a free , open - source application designed to help homebrew enthusiasts create and organize their beer recipes .
Advertisement
From the project homepage :
I was fed up with the lack of good open source beer software , so I thought I would make a small application that would do all the calculations for me .
The ultimate goal of the project is to be able to take a set of user - given constraints and immediately formulate a recipe .
Advertisement
If Brewtarget turns out not to be your pint of beer ( har har ) , brewsta is another free , cross- platform , open - source alternative worth a look .
This editor 's definitely going to forward these apps on to his homebrewing dad , but if we 've got any other experienced homebrewers out there who 've got their own homebrew hacks and helpers , let 's hear about it in the comments .
Brewtarget is a free , open - source application for Windows , Mac OS X , and Linux .
Brewtarget [ SourceForge ]
Dansk Port Teknik garage door ad – Click above to enlarge
Talk about kicking Toyota when it 's down .
We 've seen automakers like General Motors Ford and Hyundai offering special incentives aimed at getting Toyota owners out of their cars and into different ones , but this latest bit of marketing from Danish garage door manufacturer Dansk Port Teknik takes things just a bit too far .
We understand that JWT , the agency behind this ad , is looking to get a laugh at Toyota 's expense , but when that joke involves something as serious as a safety recall , it 's not exactly the most appropriate way to earn DPT a few extra bucks .
We can't say for sure what sort of circulation this ad spot is getting in print publications , but regardless , we 're not laughing .
Click the lead image to see a high - res shot of this ad .
[ Source : Copyranter via The Car Connection
Protesters clashed with the security forces and a number of opposition figures were roughed - up , as the regime stamped its authority on the 31st anniversary of the revolution .
Read how the day unfolded
8.00 am :
The Iranian opposition has been gearing up for another day of protests amid mounting international concern about Iran 's nuclear ambitions .
State television has shown images of tens of thousands of people attending the official rally in Azadi square to hear a speech by Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad .
The regime seems more determined than ever to stamp out protests and news of protests , as it celebrates the 31st anniversary of the revolution .
" Iran 's security forces have adopted all the necessary measures in preparation for the day , " the semi-official Fars news agency announced .
There have been more arrests , reports of Basij being bused into Tehran , and it has been ominously difficult to contact people in Iran , amid continuing restrictions on the internet .
On a practical level the regime appears ready to drown out the chants of protesters by installing loud speakers along Azadi ( Freedom )
Street , the route of one of the planned protests towards Azadi Square ( just visible in the background of this picture ) .
The opposition website Rahesabz says Basij militia stayed last night in Sharif University close to Azadi Square .
The map below shows proposed routes of one of the rallies marked in green .
The area shaded in blue shows where speeches may be held .
The text asks protesters try to be at the square by 9 am ( 6.30 am GMT ) .
But the official rally also appears to be taking place in Azadi Square , with Ahmadinejad due to speak there soon .
The opposition movement has been considering mounting two alternative rallies in northern Tehran if the security services block the square .
One possible location is Evin prison , where many of the protesters from previous demonstrations have been held .
The other is Jam -e - jam close to the headquarters of the state TV station .
There is a virtual media blackout in Iran which means that reliable information is difficult to obtain , so if you are in Iran and have news , please email me at matthew.weaver@guardian.co.uk or for a more secure encrypted message email me at matthew_weaver@hushmail.com and please post updates or interesting links in the comments section below .
8.05 am :
CNN is showing live footage of Ahmadinejad speaking in front of hundreds of thousands of his supporters in Azadi Square .
This is state TV footage , but the regime certainly appears to have succeeded in getting out its supporters in huge numbers for what is the most important day in the Iranian calendar .
Meanwhile , there are reports on opposition websites that one of the opposition leaders Mehdi Karroubi has been attacked .
His son Hossein confirmed that his father has been attacked by Basiji militia in Ashrafi Isfahani Street in Tehran .
Mohammad Reza Khatami , the brother of the former president , has been arrested , according to the opposition website Rahesabz .
In a further sign of the crackdown Iran 's telecommunications agency has announced the suspension of access to Google 's email service Gmail .
8.28 am :
Riot police have shot at protesters in the Ariashahr area of central Tehran after people chanted slogans against the supreme leader Ayatollah Khameni , according to the opposition website Rahesabz .
The granddaughter of Ayatollah Khomeini , has been arrested according to Reuters , citing an opposition website .
She is also the sister - in - law of the reformist ex-president Khatami .
The Jaras website said Zahra Eshraqi and her husband Mohammad Reza Khatami , were detained during the rallies .
Jaras said the son of a leading opposition figure Mehdi Karroubi was also detained .
There are also reports on Twitter of clashes between protesters and riot police in the city of Isfahan , south of Tehran .
8.41 am :
Opposition supporters chanting " death to the dictator " have just been heard by my Farsi - speaking colleague listening to a radio broadcast of Ahmadinejad 's speech .
During the speech Ahmadinejad announced that Iran has produced its first package of highly enriched uranium .
Iran is now a " nuclear state " and had produced its first batch of 20 % enriched uranium , AP quoted him as saying .
8.50 am :
A full impromptu translation of Ahmadinejad 's speech , complete with asides and reaction from the crowd has been posted on Twitlonger .
8.57 am :
The security forces are preventing the people from reaching Enghelab and 7 Tir Squares and clashes have been reported around Baharestan Square , according to an impressive new live blog in English and Farsi by astreetjournalist.com .
Live blogger homylaftayette has published a map showing the routes of the official rallies .
9.17 am :
The first videos of the protests have been uploaded to YouTube ( credit again to YouTube user onlymehdi who has been consistently fast in uploading such footage ) .
This video shows people chanting " referendum , referendum " .
The demonstration appears to be taking place in front of Sadeghieh metro station in west Tehran , near where Karroubi was planning a demonstration .
Another video shows people chanting support for Mir Hossein Mousavi .
9.25 am :
This video appears to show numerous buses used to drive Ahmadinejad 's supporters to the official rally .
Another shows protesters chanting " Death to Russia " which is seen as an ally of the Iranian government .
9.35 am :
The usually reliable Twitter user Oxfordgirl reports that protesters are now moving towards the headquarters of State TV and Evin prison in northern Tehran .
You can read an interview I did with Oxfordgirl here .
9.39 am :
Video footage is emerging of people chanting anti-government slogans on the Metro .
Our translator , who shall remain nameless to protect his identity , says they are singing an old revolutionary song that is traditionally sung on 22 Bahman ( 11 February ) celebrations .
But they substituted the words " traitor shah " for " traitor leader " .
And this video shows state - run TV footage of Ahmadinejad 's speech .
The broadcasters cut the sound when chants of " death to the dictator " became audible .
9.54 am :
Human rights abuses against opposition supporters have been even more flagrant than previously thought , according to a new report .
Human Rights
Watch has documented the abuses which included extra-judicial killings ; rapes and torture ; violations of the rights to freedom of assembly and expression ; and thousands of arbitrary arrests and detentions during the nine months since last June 's elections .
There is more on a Guardian project to put faces to all those killed and detained in the protests .
10.04am :
Al Jazeera 's Tehran correspondent Nazanine Moshiri says she has witnessed opposition supporters chanting against the regime .
But she said the security forces prevented them gathering at the official rally in Azadi square .
10.13am :
The first video of protests outside Tehran today has emerged on YouTube .
This appears to show demonstrators chanting protest songs in Isfahan .
And there is a report on an opposition website of a protest march in Ahwaz in the south - west of the country .
Back in Tehran , this video shows people chanting against the Basij militia .
10.29 am :
There are reports of clashes in west and north Tehran , according to the opposition website Jaras .
The first video of apparent scuffles between protesters and the security forces today has also been uploaded to YouTube .
It shows people running in panic after shouting slogans against the government .
10.37am :
Here are some of the key quotes from Ahmadinejad 's speech , courtesy of AP :
" I want to announce with a loud voice here that the first package of 20 % fuel was produced and provided to the scientists . "
" We have the capability to enrich uranium more than 20 % or 80 % but we do n't enrich ( to this level ) because we do n't need it . "
" When we say we do not manufacture the bomb , we mean it , and we do not believe in manufacturing a bomb .
If we wanted to manufacture a bomb , we would announce it . "
" God willing , daily production ( of low enriched uranium ) will be tripled . "
10.45 am :
On yet another video protesters can be heard shouting " Death to Khamenei " .
So far the protests seem quite limited in scale , the protesters also appear nervous .
The video below shows perhaps the largest gathering of protesters filmed so far today , but again the crowd is relatively small compared to the demonstrations last summer .
They are calling for the release of prisoners .
10.59 am :
Kalame , the opposition website closest to Mousavi , reports that opposition supporters have received threatening texts from the Iranian intelligence service telling them that today will be the last day of the unrest .
The photo on the left shows an image of the text .
Similar texts have also urged people to inform on protests by texting 113 to the security forces .
Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad speaks during a ceremony to mark the 31st anniversary of the Islamic Revolution in Tehran Photograph : Caren Firouz / Reuters
11.10 am :
Here are the main points so far :
• Hundreds of thousands of people have turned up for official rallies to mark the 31st anniversary of the revolution .
• President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad told a huge crowd in Tehran that Iran has produced its first batch of uranium enriched to a higher level .
• The opposition has also taken to the streets of Tehran and other cities .
• A massive security presence prevented protesters disrupting the main rally in Tehran , forcing them to assemble elsewhere .
• A number of protesters have been arrested , including the granddaughter of Ayatollah Khomeini and the brother of the former president Mohammad Khatami .
Both have since been released .
11.39 am :
Blogger homylafyette has been listening in to the callers to US - based ePersian Radio and translating what they say .
One caller said listen to this and held her phone up to loud chants of " with God 's help , victory is near .
Death to this deceitful government . "
Other callers have urged Iranians abroad to sabotage the Intelligence Ministry 's hotline for informing on protesters .
11.50 am :
The scale of the crackdown is becoming clear .
The security forces were lining up next to each other in rows eight men deep along the routes of the official rally , according to a photograph published by the opposition website rahesabz .
This video also shows scores of police in riot gear .
12.02 pm :
The opposition movement has been trying to organise rallies in the main square in central Tehran at 4 pm ( 12.30 pm GMT ) , according to the opposition website Rahesabz .
It also reports that at least 100 protesters were arrested in the eastern city of Mashhad , and that another 20 were detained in the southern city of Shiraz in Fars province .
12.16 pm :
Protesters have been filmed throwing stones and shouting abuse at the security forces in the video below .
There also appears to be the sound of gunfire .
We think the film was taken outside Evin prison in north Tehran , if you have more information please let us know ( see 8 am for contact details ) .
12.31 pm :
The movements of opposition leader Mir Hossein Mousavi are always hard to pin down on these protest days .
The opposition website , Iran 's Green Voice , claimed he attended one of the rallies .
" Eyewitnesses said that Mousavi appeared at the rally amongst ordinary citizens in a manner that made it difficult to tell him apart , " it said .
It gave no further details .
There also images circulating of Rafsanjani attending the official rally .
1.04 pm :
Protesters have been filmed tearing down a poster of Ayatollah Khamenei and then trampling on it .
1.11 pm :
Those attending the official rally were given free food as this video shows .
One of the reasons that 22 Bahman celebrations are always well attended is because of the freebies available .
1.31 pm :
There are several reports that protesters have been shot with paint pellets so that they could be identified later .
One of Karroubi's body guards was badly injured in clashes according to an unverified account which also mentions paint guns .
1.46 pm :
It 's very difficult to know exactly what has taken place today because the accounts differ so sharply .
Compare and contrast the following .
First here 's an account from a caller to Radio Farda translated by blogger homylafayette .
" I was in Sadeghiyeh and though people were not holding up any symbols , I think most of them were against the regime because they would n't respond to the official chants from the loudspeakers .
The security forces attacked the crowd violently , with cables , batons , and gas .
Where I was , I can say that the 22 Bahman celebrations did not take place .
I saw a small gathering of regime supporters and even they were dispersed by the police .
The people were beaten and I even saw some seriously injured individuals .
That 's what happens when you 're attacked with chains .
But no shots were fired . "
Secondly here 's state - run Press TV 's write up of today 's events :
Millions of Iranians across the country have taken to the streets to celebrate the 31st anniversary of the Islamic Revolution .
Huge demonstrations were held all across the nation on Thursday in commemoration of the occasion .
In the capital Tehran , an extraordinarily high number of people from all walks of life marched across the city and gathered at Azadi ( Freedom ) Square to take part in the festivities .
They were carrying banners denouncing the enemies of the country .
A few hundred of supporters of Iran 's defeated presidential candidates also rallied in Tehran .
Supporters of Mir Hossein Mousavi and Mehdi Karroubi gathered in a western Tehran district .
Police stepped up security in the area to prevent possible disturbances .
Defeated presidential candidate Mehdi Karroubi was seen among the protesters .
2.04 pm :
Protesters were heavily outnumbered by those at the official rally , according to AP 's Tehran correspondent .
The agency talked to some dejected opposition supporters .
" There were 300 of us , maximum 500 .
Against 10,000 people , " one protester said .
" It means they won and we lost .
They defeated us .
They were able to gather so many people .
But this does n't mean we have been defeated for good .
It 's a defeat for now , today .
We need time to regroup , " she said .
Another protester insisted the opposition had come out in significant numbers , but " the problem was that we were not able to gather in one place because they ( security forces ) were very violent . "
" Maybe people got scared .
Today was not a good day . "
AP 's sources also confirmed reports of paint ball attacks on protesters .
Riot police fired paint - filled balls at hundreds of protesters chanting opposition slogans in Sadeqieh Square , about a half - mile from the anniversary rally , witnesses said .
2.30 pm :
Mousavi's wife , Zahra Rahnavard , was attacked and prevented from attending a rally in Sadeghiye Square , according to an unconfirmed report on his Facebook page .
She was able to leave the area after being protected by supporters , it says .
2.53 pm :
A half - stripped man , presumably a protester , is shown taking a savage beating by a riot policeman in this graphic new footage .
It was apparently filmed today , but as with most of these videos this is difficult to verify .
3.04 pm :
Another new video purports to show a motorcycle belonging to the security forces on fire in the midst of a fairly large opposition protest .
They are chanting " Freedom , Independence and an Iranian republic " ( as opposed to an Islamic Republic ) .
3.26 pm :
More dejection from opposition supporters , this time from NIAC , a blog representing the Iranian - American .
The post said :
It 's still very early to be drawing conclusions from today 's events , as people are still out in the streets .
But one thing I 'm struck by is just how much the government has been in control today .
Sure , they chartered buses and lured tens of thousands to the official government rally with free food , but they have also managed to keep the opposition activities largely on their terms today .
The government 's strategy is to depict the protesters as a small group of rioting thugs , burning trash cans and disrupting order for their own radical , " foreign - backed " agenda .
Toward that end , they have been very effective at keeping the demonstrations today dispersed and nervous ...
Above all else , the ruling elites know the danger of big crowds : strength in numbers takes over and individuals no longer feel like they will be held accountable for their actions , thus their demands get more radical and their tactics more extreme ; this forces a harsher backlash from security forces , possibly including using lethal force ...
So today 's events ( like previous ones ) have seen security forces disrupt crowds before they can coalesce into a large group , arresting numerous individuals as a way of controlling the crowds before they get out of the police 's hands .
4.15 pm :
That report by about Mousavi's wife being attacked has been confirmed by his website , according to AP .
Plainclothes Basiji militiamen beat 65 - year - old Zahra Rahnavard with clubs on her head and back until her supporters formed a human ring around her and whisked her away , it Kaleme as saying .
4.24 pm :
This seems to be why the protests were snuffed out .
The video below shows hundreds of police and basij militia in riot gear lining the streets .
4.29 pm :
Tehran Bureau has published a transcript of an interview with Hossein Karroubi son of the opposition leader Mehdi Karroubi 's son .
It 's worth repeating in full :
How is your father Haj Agha Mehdi Karroubi ?
We 're treating him for burns to his face and eyes .
He 's having trouble with his lungs too .
He was badly attacked with pepper spray .
Plainclothes agents ( vigilantes ) approached him and kept spraying it in his eyes .
He 's resting at home though ; he 's not been hospitalized .
Any news of your brother Ali ?
We have n't been able to figure out where he is .
Everyone we call claims to have no information on him .
We believe he's in the custody of the law enforcement agency .
Government officials are touting the celebrations today as a referendum on the past few months , on the Green Movement .
What do you think ?
Was this a defeat for the Green Movement ?
Well , they bussed in as many people as they possibly could from many towns and locations -- I even saw them rounding up people myself -- and depositing them at Azadi Square , surrounded by and escorted by thousands of officers .
This is while they started beating the others ( opposition ) starting at 8 am .
Of what value is such a pro-government turnout ?
If they allowed this side ( opposition ) to gather , they would see how the masses really turn out .
For example , at Sadeghi Square , where we were , folks told us they started beating up on them since they started arriving at 8 am .
They kept gathering and they kept dispersing them .
What value was their [ the government 's ] turnout under these circumstances ?
The Iranian blogosphere appears to be disappointed by the lack of a Green presence .
Some are claiming they are no longer worthy of Mr. Karroubi ?
No , that 's not so .
This is not the case .
The people were actually very kind .
There were gatherings starting at 8 in the morning there .
They got beat up pretty bad .
When we got there , people warmly gathered around him .
But when they were violently attack -- they even pulled a dagger .
When a thug pulls a dagger and attempts to attack you with it and with knives and batons ....
No , we actually thank the people for their support .
Do you think this paves the way for the arrests of Mr. Karroubi and Mr. Mousavi ?
Until now their [ government ] actions have been irrational ; we hope they proceed in a more rational fashion from this point .
I hope such a thing does n't happen .
I hope they do n't act in such a disgraceful manner for the whole world to see .
if there are arrests , do you believe they will be followed by televised confessions of the opposition leaders ?
They 've already tried really hard to use such tactics and failed .
For all their efforts , the many arrests and all the pressure they 've put on detainees , they were only able to televise a handful of these so - called confessions .
Do you think the arrests of Mr. Karroubi 's bodyguards were premeditated ?
Mr. Karroubi received a letter from [ NAJA intelligence ] saying that Mr. Karroubi would be the target of a suicide attack and that he should n't participate in the march today .
And at the same time , they called some of our friends , his entourage in for questioning .
They got a written promise from them , agreeing they would n't take place in gatherings with Mr. Karroubi anymore .
They did everything to dissuade Mr. Karroubi from attending .
But when I saw him this morning , he was intent on going to the march .
How may Greens do you think showed up and participated today ?
I really could n't tell .
I was only in the Sadeghiyeh area , which was only one of the paths of the march .
The folks there said there were many of them there , but they [ authorities ] would beat them up and not allow them to gather .
Other areas it was the same .
I asked around and they said more or less the same thing .
They said police forces and vigilantes had a strong presence and they beat up on many people .
We 're hearing reports that Zahra Rahnavard was beat up .
Is this true ?
I do n't know .
This is the first I 've heard of it .
4.44 pm :
There 's talk of more protests tonight at various squares in central Tehran and at the state TV office and Evin prison in northern Tehran .
4.47 pm :
This is the first footage I 've seen today of teargas being used against protesters .
4.51 pm :
That 's it for today .
Thanks for your comments .
Look out for more updates soon on our Iran page .
Former prime minister Sir John Major has said that parliamentary reform is badly needed to restore trust in politics and has heavily criticised the decision to go to war in Iraq .
Speaking to the Today programme , which is being guest edited by Liberal Democrat peer Baroness Williams , Sir John said that changes needed to be put in place which reasserted the " independence of mind " of backbench MPs and remove special advisers practicing the " black arts " .
Criticising Tony Blair 's decision to go to war , he said he only supported the war because he had believed what the Prime Minister said about weapons of mass destruction .
But he now had cause to doubt that belief .
" The suspicion arises that this was more about regime change than it was about weapons of mass destruction , " he said .
" The then Prime Minister Tony Blair may have known things that I do n't know which may make things that seem curious fully understandable .
" What I do think is not understandable - the argument that Saddam Hussein was a bad man and therefore must be removed simply wo n't do .
" There are many bad men around the world who run countries and we do n't topple them . "
The Amazon Kindle is an interesting e-Reader , but it ’s too locked into Amazon ’s system and file formats .
I prefer Sony ’s Reader as far as e-Readers go because they embraced open formats in response to Kindle ’s competition , but still it ’s a fairly limited function device .
Apple ’s iPad does not interest me at all .
HP ’s Slate is closer to what I would want , but it seems built for more casual browsing where I would rather have a notebook or netbook .
Microsoft ’s Courier , however , is very intriguing to me .
Update : Sadness !
Microsoft has taken its first official action with the Courier and canceled it .
( via ZDNet )
It ’s hard to talk about the Courier because it does n’t even have an official webpage with the information that I can link to .
Instead , Microsoft seems to be leaking information to Engadget or Gizmodo about the device every once in a while .
I guess I ’ll have to be part of that rumor mill to have a chance of Microsoft sending me an early demo unit for review . 😉
There ’s no word why Microsoft is playing this one so close to their chest , but I imagine it ’s the same reason the HP Slate has been loitering around lately : adapting their device to beat the iPad for technical specs and price point .
Form Factor :
Engadget says :
We ’re told Courier will function as a “ digital journal , ” and it ’s designed to be seriously portable : it ’s under an inch thick , weighs a little over a pound , and is n’t much bigger than a 5 × 7 photo when closed .
Gizmodo says :
It ’s not a tablet , it ’s a booklet .
The dual 7 - inch ( or so ) screens are multitouch , and designed for writing , flicking and drawing with a stylus , in addition to fingers .
They ’re connected by a hinge that holds a single iPhone - esque home button .
Statuses , like wireless signal and battery life , are displayed along the rim of one of the screens .
On the back cover is a camera , and it might charge through an inductive pad , like the Palm Touchstone charging dock for Pre .
Tech Specs :
Engadget says :
the internals apparently reflect that emphasis on mobility : rather than Windows 7 , we ’re told the Courier is built on Tegra 2 and runs on the same OS as the Zune HD , Pink , and Windows Mobile 7 Series , which we ’re taking to mean Windows CE 6 .
Interface :
Gizmodo says :
Two screens , a mashup of a pen-dominated interface with several types of multitouch finger gestures , and multiple graphically complex themes , modes and applications .
( Our favorite UI bit ?
The hinge doubles as a “ pocket ” to hold items you want move from one page to another . )
and in depth with Gestures , Clip , Tuck , Paste , The Pen , and More .
Available : Q3/Q4 -ish
Cost : Unknown
Videos :
Add one to my wish list .
( Via Engadget and Gizmodo )
CBS permanently seals Jack Benny television masters ...?
1/23/10 : And more press ...
There is an unsubstantiated rumor that CBS is now thinking of releasing these shows themselves .
If this is the case , then that 's great !
If they actually do release them , I 'd like to be first in line to applaud them .
Not from any sort of victorious high horse , but simply out of the happiness that Jack 's show are getting out of the vaults and back into the public 's eyes and ears .
This does bring up a question on their original statement : " There are so many issues with those shows , that even if we took the time to figure it out , we still almost certainly would n't do the deal . "
I asked directly if it was because we were a non-profit and not a production company marketing the shows , and was told that it made no difference .
This is why I indicated that the shows were " sealed " .
So what is it that makes it worth " the time to figure it out " if they release the shows themselves ?
I guess the obvious answer is money .
OK , CBS is a business whose ultimate obligation is to make money for their shareholders .
I personally hope that CBS ultimately decides that these shows are worth enough money to release them and not keep them locked away .
And it will probably take years to decide that .
In the meantime , the IJBFC will continue to pursue other avenues for preserving Jack 's valuable video work and bring it back to your screens .
- LL
1/19/10 : And more press !
1/18/10 : The word is getting out :
In December 2008 when I was at CBS overseeing the color specials transfer , I was told that CBS had the Benny television program masters .
I was breathless !
I got a listing of their holdings , and selected about 25 shows that are currently uncirculated and in the public domain .
I sent the request for us to digitally preserve these shows , at the IJBFC 's cost , to Lorra - Lea Bartlett , the Manager of the CBS Contracts Rights and Clearances department .
This was followed by about nine months of waiting for the CBS New York legal department to respond to the request .
On September 7th , I was asked to provide a letter from the Benny Estate requesting that the programs be released , and " that should get this unstuck . "
The Estate happily provided the letter to CBS .
I continued to follow up weekly for status .
Today I was informed by Peter Murray , Lorra - Lea 's assistant , that she had talked with CBS ' Vice President of Business Affairs , and " there are so many issues with those shows , that even if we took the time to figure it out , we still almost certainly would n't do the deal . "
So that 's it .
Access to the Jack Benny television masters is sealed .
In 1964 , James Aubrey told Jack Benny that his weekly television series was terminated with the words , " YOU'RE THROUGH , OLD MAN ! "
Sadly , 46 years later , CBS has repeated the sentiment by condemning these shows to permanent silence .
Want to tell CBS what you think ?
Web feedback : http://www.cbs.com/info/user_services/fb_global_form.php
Regular mail :
Sumner Redstone , Executive Chairman
Leslie Moonves , President and CEO 51 West 52 Street
New York , New York 10019-6188
So what do they have ?
I have had several people ask about what exactly it is that CBS has in their archive .
Enjoy !
The Obama administration and the Democratic leadership appears to have finally won its titanic struggle to pass health care reform , after a last - minute compromise on abortion designed to win over wavering conservative Democrats just hours before the crucial vote this evening in Washington .
The deal requires President Obama to issue an executive order barring the use of federal funds for insurance that could pay for abortions .
While it will cause dismay among the Democratic party 's liberal wing , the passage of the healthcare legislation is an enormous triumph for the Obama administration , and one on which Obama 's presidency will now stand .
The talk from the Democratic House leadership is that it now has the votes – over the crucial 216 level – to pass the healthcare reform bill before it .
The Republicans , meanwhile , are forced back on procedural delaying tactics .
In scenes more reminiscent of Britain 's Commons on a bad day , the congressional debate was punctuated by points of order and bitter complaints about rules , speaking order and timing , as tempers flared on the House floor .
As the vote drew closer , attention focussed on on Bart Stupak , the Democrat congressman who authored the controversial " Stupak amendment " on the original House bill that placed onerous conditions barring abortion provision from health insurance subsidised by federal funds .
The last - minute deal was lashed together , involving President Obama , in order to win over Stupak and several of his allies .
Stupak held a late afternoon press conference announcing his dramatic change of heart , and pledged that he and several of his anti-abortion conservative Democrat colleagues would support the bill after seeing President Obama 's proposed executive order .
Crucially , the Stupak bloc gives the Democrats some leeway and a cushion of extra votes , so that no vulnerable Democrat representative can be targeted as the single " swing " vote that passed healthcare reform during November 's 2010 midterm elections .
Meanwhile , unions were upping the pressure on another key vote , Pennsylvania congressman Jason Altmire , who remains a declared " no " .
Now a letter from the AFL - CIO president tells Altmire : " Congressman , we will not be able to explain to the members of our unions why you voted against this bill .
The feeling of betrayal will be very deep and long - lasting . "
A sign of how tough the battle has become , when Democrat representatives took their seats this afternoon , many of them found a sheet with the portraits of the House Democrats who voted for Bill Clinton 's controversial budget bill after a similar , bare - knuckle partisan battle .
All of them lost their seats in the 1994 election .
Outside on Capitol
Hill there were a continuation of the ugly scenes seen on Saturday .
The New York Times politics blog reported :
Simon Jenkins is dismayed by reports of the lax behaviour of some scientists on the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change , and the allegations of some stem cell researchers that their work is being held up by rivals during peer review ( Scientists , you are fallible .
Get off the pedestal and join the common herd , 5 February ) .
Conflating these stories with his ill - founded distrust of epidemiology , Jenkins paints a grim picture of science and scientists as corrupting and corruptible : " They cheat .
They make mistakes .
They suppress truth and suggest falsity , especially when a cheque or a plane ticket is on offer . "
According to him , the profession is a dangerous " clerisy " that " wants the pubic to regard its role in society and the economy as axiomatic - with no obligation to prove it . "
If Jenkins aimed his rhetorical flourishes to get a rise out of scientists then , judging by the comments posted on the online version of his article , he succeeded admirably .
The howls of protest are not so much from righteous anger , however , as from our frustration with his misrepresentation of the scientific process .
Jenkins is an intelligent writer with an avowed love of popular science : why then does he have so little appreciation of how science really works ?
His closing statement betrays the scale of his misunderstanding : " Only when science comes off its pedestal and joins the common herd will it see the virtue of self criticism . "
If Jenkins had talked to some real scientists , he would have discovered that very few are sitting on pedestals - the vast majority live and breathe in a daily scrum with our intensely sceptical colleagues , whom we must convince of the logic and quality of our experiments .
The fear of being found wanting by your peers is a powerful incentive for exactly the self - criticism Jenkins claims is lacking .
We have no experience of the " two decades of uncritical flattery " that he alleges have blunted scientific rigour .
The peer - review process , unique to science , may be an imperfect mechanism for weeding out error , but it is a powerful one : this is clearly seen in the fact that most mistakes are unearthed not by journalists or sceptical bloggers , but by other scientists .
Popular science can sometimes give the mistaken impression that science is a linear progression from ignorance to glossy fact .
But no human endeavour ever works so smoothly or can claim to be perfect .
Science offers us the best hope of informing society 's difficult choices in an uncertain world , so it is important that knowledge is communicated accurately to the public .
Scientists are not in the business of handing down incontrovertible truths .
We deal in observations and theories , couched in uncertainty , to produce our best models of how the world works ; it is a messy and difficult business .
Scientists could do better at communication , but we also need to enlist the help of talented writers who will take the trouble to engage with the reality of science .
Mr Jenkins , we need to talk .
• Stephen Curry is professor of structural biology , and Bill Hanage is reader in infectious diseases , both at Imperial College London
Shoppers look at slippers at Times supermarket in Nanjing , Jiangsu province , October 20 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Sean Yong
BEIJING ( Reuters ) - Household income in China surged in the last six years , especially for top earners , putting the country on track to eclipse the United States as the biggest consumer market in a decade , Credit Suisse said in a report on Tuesday .
The bank ’s survey of 2,700 respondents showed a big rise in property and car purchases , underscoring why many investors are betting big on a rise in China ’s consumer sector .
“ The next big theme for China in the new decade is the rise of private consumption , in our view , ” said Dong Tao , China economist with Credit Suisse in Hong Kong .
“ It is likely to provide a badly needed source of spending for the rest of the world , promoting a global rebalance of trade , consumption and growth . ”
Based on growth in household income and estimates of economic growth , he expects the share of China ’s private consumption to GDP to reach 23.1 percent in 2020 , just surpassing the U.S. ratio at 22.9 percent .
Critics accuse China of contributing to global economic imbalances by saving too much .
However , the amount that Chinese consumers save relative to household income has dropped to 12 percent in 2009 from 26 percent in 2004 .
Though incomes have been rising across the board , the richest Chinese have been benefiting the most .
The survey data revealed a much bigger income gap than official numbers show , a trend that could have significant long - term social implications .
For example , household income rose 50 percent since 2004 for the bottom 20 percent of earners , while the top 10 percent saw a whopping 255 percent rise .
Top earners may invest more in China ’s booming stock and property markets , accounting for the widening wealth gap .
First - time home buyers are also becoming a big force in China ’s property market .
First - time buyers accounted for 36 percent of the market in 2009 compared with 23 percent in 2006 , the survey showed .
The share of property bought for investment rose moderately to 18 percent last year from 13 percent in 2006 .
The survey was conducted in October and November 2009 .
Michel Haillard brings the design and the baroque ideas together with astonishing mastery of inspiration .
The elements that compose Haillard ’s furniture have been collecting for years , the fruits of his exploration and research , his own “ Tribal Pursuit ” as he likes to call it .
Haillard combines the naturalness of his raw materials , horns or teeth of various origins , leopard , crocodile and zebra skins having already delighted several generations of hunters , with an unfettered imagination and an obvious nostalgia for pomp and irony .
His “ pursuit ” is both coherent creation , deliberately sustained , of the unexpected and the strange , whilst being tribal through its haughtily aristocratic character and at the same time keeping an unavowed and underlying conscious sense of excess .
Haillard is without doubt a great and amazing artist .
By his highly personal way of transmuting the natural objects which he comes across , by the way he makes them perform new functions and , instead of bowing to the dictates of his raw materials , makes them obey the searching inspiration of his creative mind .
Source : www.michel-haillard.com
Yet Mr. Frame said he saw the coming refinancing crisis in commercial real estate as a continuum of what has been happening with other securities in the last 18 months .
“ Our job has been to look through the capital markets and identify where there ’s been a scarcity of capital , ” he said , meaning where investors sold their positions quickly and fearfully .
The first opportunities to take advantage of a turnaround were with convertible bonds and private equity .
“ Now , ” Mr. Frame said , “ we think the opportunity in real estate is much broader than it was 12 months ago . ”
OPTIONS
So how are people seeking to profit in commercial real estate ?
This depends on whether they are passive investors , who want to allocate some money to real estate , or entrepreneurs seeking to buy buildings .
Many investors who did not make their fortunes in real estate remain cautious .
“ You have to help them view real estate as private equity because you ’re locking up your money for some period of time , ” said Joanne Jensen , a private banker at Deutsche Bank Private Wealth Management .
But if they ’re going to invest in real estate , they want the security of high - quality investments .
“ I ’m speaking to a lot of real estate investors , and what they ’ve been telling me is there ’s been a bifurcation between the ‘ A ’ quality buildings and everything else , ” Ms. Jensen said .
One intriguing strategy is to buy the underlying mortgage debt of buildings whose value was inflated .
The debt is now trading at a deep discount .
This may sound risky , particularly if the owner walks away from that debt , as happened with Stuyvesant Town .
But Mr. Frame sees it as a way to make either a little or a lot of money .
He described one possibility : a building was purchased for $ 100 million in 2006 .
It is now worth less , but the underlying mortgage is still $ 50 million , and it is coming due next year .
The owner is probably going to have a tough time refinancing the mortgage without putting in more money .
That uncertainty is reflected in the price of the debt .
March 10 , 2010 Update :
There have been some revisions to the bill since I wrote this post in August .
More recent information is available here .
Adeventhis asks ,
Can someone explain to me , or point me in the direction of a website that can explain to me , in a clear , 10 - yr. could understand , nonpartisan matter the elements , pros and cons of the proposed Healthcare reform ?
In full disclosure , I have some partisan leanings–but I ’ll do my best to put them aside .
I ’ll do my best for 10 - year - old , but it ’s complex enough that it will take a pretty gifted 10 - year - old to understand .
Fortunately , I also have some conservative followers who will be very quick to let me know if I fail to set them aside .
( I ’ll update this . )
I should also caution that none of this is set in stone yet .
Pros :
Everybody can have health insurance if they want it .
Insurers will not be able to stop paying for people who are sick , even if they lose their jobs .
People who cannot afford health insurance wo n’t have to pay as much money .
People who are already sick will be eligible for healthcare .
In the long run it will ( hopefully ) reduce medical costs significantly .
Rising medical costs are the main reason the long - term budget projections are so alarming .
Something has to be done .
Unfortunately , this bill might not do enough .
While there will definitely be some savings , it ’s not clear that they will be as transformative as hoped .
Health insurers can no longer cap coverage .
In other words , they will no longer say that they have spent enough on you and you ’re on your own for the next hundred thousand dollars .
This should reduce medical bankruptcy .
There will be increased competition in the insurance market .
It might be from a public option .
It might also be from some kind of non-profit , state - specific co-operative .
This might push the healthcare companies to lower costs and provide better service .
Cons :
For the first ten years , it will cost about $ 100 billion a year .
This is about the yearly cost of the Iraq War .
The bill might increase the cost of health insurance .
This depends on whether the gains from increased efficiencies and increased competition is outweighed by the cost of providing additional benefits .
The Individual Mandate .
You will have to either buy health insurance if you do n’t have it or have a 2 % tax increase .
This insurance will be subsidized –but there is no guarantee that the subsidy will suffice for your specific situation .
There will be a tax increase on very high income people .
If you are making more than half a million ( or maybe a full million ) you will have about a 1 % tax increase .
Other stuff that might be good or bad , depending how you see it
Increased government involvement in healthcare .
Government already pays for huge amounts of healthcare–so this wo n’t be anything new .
Additional regulation on insurance companies .
This might increase costs .
It will increase quality .
Physicians will have increased access to information about what treatments are most effective for their cost .
If two treatments work equally well and one is cheaper , doctors can recommend that one .
This was almost universally considered a good thing until a few years ago , but some people have started criticizing it lately .
Large employers may also have to offer health insurance to more of their employees .
If they do not , they may have to pay some extra tax .
Things that are n’t true :
Death Panels
Nazis
Inability to choose your doctor
Healthcare will be “ rationed . ”
My conservative buddies will claim that this will “ inevitably lead ” to rationing .
I disagree .
I do think we can agree that there is nothing in the healthcare bill that will reduce the amount of healthcare available .
The topic of what counts as “ rationing ” healthcare ( and whether we already do it ) is complex and contentious–but the healthcare bill will not directly cause additional rationing .
Bureaucrats will tell doctors how to do their jobs ( in ways that they do n’t already do ) .
Did I miss anything important ?
( This post originally appeared at the author 's blog )
Last week , the Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission kicked off their first round of hearings on the causes of the economic meltdown on Wall Street .
The commission is being compared to the the Pecora Commission launched in 1932 to investigate the causes of the Great Depression .
The Pecora commission is beloved by those who believe the solution to every problem is more laws because it was used to justify a number of new laws , including Glass - Steagall .
Of course , none of those laws addressed the real causes of the Great Depression .
It was the introduction of unsound monetary policy and central economic planning pursued by the Federal Reserve that really threw everything off balance .
The Fed was founded in 1913 to stabilize the economy and prevent a recurrence of the short - lived Panic of 1907 , but instead it promptly produced the Great Depression which lasted more than 15 years .
The Pecora Commission was stacked with big government sympathizers who blamed the free market and the gold standard without question , and without any consideration of government interference in the economy .
This panel is no different .
Never will they contemplate how government steered us into this crisis , and what perverse incentives can be removed or repealed so that the market will function more smoothly .
Never will they discuss how investment should come from savings , not debt .
Never will it occur to them that fiat money , artificially low interest rates and the whole Federal Reserve System might be unwise and unstable , not to mention unconstitutional .
The answer will always be more government regulation and oversight .
It is predictable that this government panel will eventually come to the firm conclusion that government needs to be bigger , and that the market is just too free .
How sad is this when exactly the opposite is true ?
It is big government that gives out tax breaks to engineer behavior , often creating large pockets of malinvestments .
It is government that created the FDIC and the Fed as lender of last resort which all encourages moral hazard .
It is big government that gives bureaucrats the ability to bail out cronies with taxpayer dollars while screaming that the economic sky is falling if they do n’t .
It is big government that every year adds new layers to the already labyrinthine regulatory code that smaller businesses can’t keep up with while simultaneously preventing new businesses from emerging .
It is big government that misdirects economic productivity into bankrupt businesses that they consider to be too big to fail .
If this panel was serious about understanding the root of the problem , as they claim to be , they would have people testify who understand the crisis and saw it coming .
To my knowledge , none of them have received a phone call .
The problem is those people would say too many things the government panel would find inconvenient .
They would point fingers at too many of the state ’s anointed .
They would recommend getting government out of the way of the free market and getting back to simply protecting contracts and punishing fraud .
But the biggest fraud is perpetrated by the Federal Reserve .
No one on this panel takes that viewpoint seriously .
Instead , they will be asking people who are still scratching their heads at how they could have missed the housing bubble what new regulations they can put in place to prevent future bubbles .
Thus , I do n’t expect much real wisdom to come out of this current investigation .
Tattoos are the ultimate in self expression .
They make a statement about who you are and what you are about .
Different tattoo designs have d...
When I started learning to fly it seemed impossibly difficult .
Flying seems easier now , although still challenging .
It 's roughly the same kind of skill as driving a car and no one thinks back on learning to drive as particularly difficult .
But it only takes 6 - 10 hours of driving time to get a car license , compared to 40 - 70 hours of flying time for a pilot 's license .
Why is flying so much harder ?
Control complexity .
Cars only steer in one dimension ; planes steer in two .
Even a level turn is hard in a plane , you have to coordinate two controls , except sometimes you deliberately uncoordinate them .
Managing engine power is harder in a plane : two or three controls in a piston , not just a single pedal .
And then there 's auxiliary controls you have to use occasionally : flaps , carburetor heat , fuel tank selector , etc .
Even starting a plane requires carefully using four controls in the proper relationship .
Being in the air .
Planes at altitude have a lot of potential energy .
A primary challenge of landing a plane is learning how to bleed that energy off to make a soft landing .
In a car you just brake .
And if something goes wrong in your car you can pull over to the shoulder and stop ; that does n't work so well in a plane .
So there 's hours of learning how to get a plane safely down in various kinds of emergencies and equipment failures .
Also learning to ensure you can land : running out of gas or flying in to clouds are dangerous , so there 's a lot of training to avoid those situations .
Instruments .
Operating a modern car is pretty easy , you do n't think about the engine unless an idiot light comes on .
Flying requires a lot more vigilance .
You 're constantly watching your heading , airspeed , altitude , attitude , and engine power to make sure you 're flying roughly right .
And there 's a bunch of extra instruments you need to scan regularly ; oil pressure , outside temperature , voltages , etc .
It only gets more complicated if you 're flying when you can't see , that 's a whole ' nother 55 + hours of training .
Communication .
Most general aviation flights are constantly on the radio , talking to ATC to get permission to takeoff and land , to get separation from other aircraft , or simply to be followed for safety .
We know talking on a cell phone while driving is remarkably distracting .
It 's not quite as chatty in a plane , but it 's necessary communication and it has its own special language .
Learning to work the radio was remarkably difficult for me and it 's still a constant distraction .
Navigation .
In a car you just follow the road and signs , maybe look at a map or a GPS to make sure you make a turn .
In a plane you 're largely on your own in three dimensions .
If it 's good weather it 's not too hard to avoid mountains , but some of the obstacles are invisible .
And while moving map GPS has revolutionized GA navigation , I still have to learn to fly without it : dead reckoning , pilotage ( aka " looking down " ) , flying between radio beacons .
And even if you know which way to fly , you still have to calculate for invisible winds .
The good news about pilot training is it seems impossibly difficult at first but gets easier with training .
In a followup blog post I 'll talk about some of the ways pilots manage complexity .
But no matter how skilled the pilot or how many good tools they have , flying always remains a complex activity requiring attention , thoroughness , and constant practice .
Canadian and Inuit leaders say they 're relieved that a U.S. - backed proposal to ban the international trade of polar bear parts was defeated at a UN wildlife conservation meeting in Doha , Qatar , over concerns it would hurt indigenous economies and arguments the practice did not pose a significant threat to the animals .
The proposal to reclassify the polar bear as a species threatened with extinction — effectively banning the commercial trade of polar bear hides , teeth and claws under the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species ( CITES ) — did not receive enough votes from CITES 's 175 member nations to pass on Thursday .
The Americans argued that the sale of polar bear skins is compounding the loss of the animals ' sea ice habitat due to climate change .
There are projections that polar bear numbers , estimated at 20,000 to 25,000 , could decline by two - thirds by 2050 due to habitat loss in the Arctic .
Among the CITES member countries that voted on Thursday , 48 were in favour of the U.S. motion , 62 voted against and 11 abstained .
The decision pleased Canadian officials at the meeting , especially those from Nunavut , where most of Canada 's polar bears are located .
" It was quite unbelievable , but at the same time , we were very happy .
It seems like all the pressure was taken off , " Gabriel Nirlungayuk , director of wildlife with the Inuit land - claim organization Nunavut Tunngavik Inc. , told CBC News from Doha on Thursday .
" I felt like shouting and clapping , but the meeting was going on .
So when we went out of the meeting room , we were very happy . "
Threat from trade minimal : Canada
Canada , along with Norway and Greenland , led the opposition to the U.S. proposal .
They said the threat from trade was minimal and the hunting done by aboriginal communities was critical to their economies .
Only two per cent of Canadian polar bears are internationally traded and the country strictly manages the commerce , according to Canadian officials .
" There is no doubt that action must continue to ensure the conservation of polar bears .
Canada 's goal is long - term survival of polar bears , " Canadian representative Basile Van Havre said .
" But Canada does not think the proposal is supported by facts . "
Frank Pokiak , an Inuvaluit leader from the Northwest Territories , said communities in the Arctic have hunted bears for generations , mostly for meat for food and pelts for clothing and shelter .
He said they hunt them in a sustainable way and would continue doing so with or without an international ban .
" We have always cared for land and the wildlife because we have a lot to lose , " Pokiak told delegates in Doha .
" If it was n't for polar bears and other wildlife that we harvest , we would n't exist today . "
Nunavut lobbied against ban
Nunavut Environment Minister Daniel Shewchuk said efforts by the territorial government , Inuit organizations and local hunters and trappers to lobby countries against the proposed ban appear to have paid off .
" As it came closer to the vote in Qatar , we knew that we had support from a lot of interested parties around the world . …
I 'm very proud of that , " Shewchuk told CBC News in Iqaluit .
" They understand our position and Canada 's position when it comes to polar bears in the world , and I think that we have done a very good job educating people to that effect . "
The big white bear , the world 's largest land meat - eater — known as " nanuq " to the Inuit — may be uniquely susceptible to climate change as rising temperatures fast shrink its habitat , the Arctic sea ice .
Many bears spend their whole lives on the ice , mating , giving birth and hunting for their main prey , the ringed seal .
But Arctic summers may be almost free of sea ice within 30 years , the U.S. National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration predicted last April .
Data available on polar bear trade shows that since the early 1990s , the market for polar bear carcasses and parts has increased .
From 1992 to 2006 , approximately 31,294 live polar bears , carcasses or parts were exported to 73 different countries , according to data collected by the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species .
Skins are the most popular export item , and Canada is the largest commercial exporter .
In May 2008 , the U.S. classified the polar bear as a threatened species , the first with its survival at risk due to global warming .
The determination made all but subsistence hunting illegal .
" We 're disappointed , " said Jane Lyder , the Department of Interior 's deputy assistant secretary for fish and wildlife and parks .
" But we understand that CITES is still trying to understand how to incorporate climate change into its decision making . "
Inuit leader urges caution
Inuit have long argued that they have seen more polar bears , disputing claims by scientists and conservationists that the species is in decline .
As well , the Nunavut government says it manages the territory 's polar bear populations effectively and sustainably .
Mary Simon , president of the national Inuit group Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami , said she remains cautious despite Thursday 's vote because another week remains in the CITES meeting and it's possible the Americans could raise the issue again .
But conservationists criticized the vote rejecting a broader international ban , accusing countries of ignoring the plight of a bear that , for many , has become a warning symbol for global warming .
" CITES parties have turned their backs on this iconic species , " said the International Fund for Animal Welfare 's Jeff Flocken , whose group is part of a polar bear coalition of several environmental groups .
" Polar bears clearly meet the criteria for an uplisting to Appendix I , " he said , referring to the designation that was proposed by the United States .
" Yet parties are using the fact that climate change poses to the greater long - term threat to the species as an excuse to do nothing about immediate threats hastening their decline . "
Andrew Wetzler , director of NRDC 's Wildlife Conservation Project , called the vote " a setback " in what otherwise has been a successful effort to protect the bear .
" It keeps some of the most important populations of polar bears squarely in the crosshairs , " he said .
" We will continue work to find a new way to protect polar bears from this unsustainable hunt . "
However , Inuit hunters in Nunavut say they will continue to legally hunt polar bears in Canada , warning that an international ban on the trade of polar bear products would be economically devastating to them .
Polar bear hides , as well as polar bear sport - hunting packages , provide a major source of income in many remote northern communities .
Polar bear hides sell for about $ 2,000 on average .
From Conservapedia
!
This article has an inadequate number of citations .
You are encouraged to add sources for verifiability , but please abide by The Conservapedia Commandments & Style Guide .
" Home Taping is Killing Music , " an anti-piracy ad from the 1980s .
Copyright infringement is the violation of copyright law for profit or to avoid payment for copyrighted work license .
In a limited number of cases , infringement can also be unintentional ( called innocent infringement ) , but ignorance does not legally protect to offender . [ 1 ]
Most commonly , copyright infringement refers to the large - scale theft of digital media such as music , film , and computer programs .
Specialty Internet sites cater to those who would deprive the copyright owners of their due payments .
While copyright infringement is theft in such cases , it is perhaps easier to rationalize , since copies of these materials are easily and freely made ( unlike the theft of say , a car ) , and thus the immediate negative effects are not apparent .
However , in a world where everybody has free access to the work of others without payment , the incentive to produce digital media disappears , and less music , fewer movies and fewer computer programs are produced , which benefits nobody .
History
While copyright infringement has existed ever since the first intellectual property laws , the kind of large - scale piracy of copyrighted works began in the 1980s with the cassette tape recorder and the ability to record songs off the radio .
The low quality of this kind of media duplication prevented this practice from becoming too widespread , and the low - quality recordings cold not compete with high - quality studio recordings .
It was not until the creation of the website Napster.com in 1999 that large - scale copyright infringement became a threat to the media industry .
Napster.com allowed users to share their digital music collections for free download by other users .
Since there was no quality lost in the transfer , this kind of copyright infringement caught on and became widespread .
While Napster.com was eventually shut down in 2001 , the authorities found that a number of similar sites were being created every year , and as of 2009 there are many websites which offer free downloads of copyrighted media and software .
Economic effects
The Recording Industry Association of America ( RIAA ) estimates $ 12.5 billion is lost every year due to the illegal downloading of music .
The Motion Picture Association of America ( MPAA ) estimates that $ 6.1 billion is lost every year do to the illegal downloading of movies .
Estimates for the losses suffered by software manufacturers ( such as Microsoft ) are difficult to come by , but certainly measure in the billions of dollars a year .
References
Steef de Prouw , a LEGO master and apparently , big fan of the Star Wars universe , built an impressive LEGO model of the EF76 Nebulon - B escort frigate .
Judging by the level of detail , I think it ’s safe to say Steef spend weeks if not months working on this baby , but it was definitely worth it .
Though he spent days in a row thinking about how he was going to add more pieces to his LEGO masterpiece , without having it tip over or falling apart , he managed to create one of the most impressive Star - Wars replicas ever .
The LEGO Star - Wars Rebel Frigate measures 4 feet 6 inches and features a docked Millennium Falcon and 3 X - Wing fighters .
MOCpages via Gizmodo
Untraceable infrared links .
Backpacks full of back - up transmitters .
Cloak and dagger secrecy .
Hundreds of pirate radio stations broadcast in London every day , but this 20 minute documentary shows that only the tech - savviest stay a step ahead of the police .
Advertisement
Homemade antennas , hidden in plain sight on the tops of apartment complexes and abandoned buildings , broadcast pirate radio throughout London .
But while the antennas themselves are conspicuous , the makeshift studios they link up to are hidden behind soundproof walls and security gates .
The video traces the history of pirate radio in the U.K. from its beginnings , when rock and roll was broadcasted from sea forts abandoned after World War II .
Today , the DJs have moved inland , though their aim of broadcasting music marginalized by mainstream radio remains the same .
As one modern pirate says , " you 're just putting up an aerial and playing some music , at the end of the day . "
The music , of course , is the mission .
But the aerials are pretty damn cool too .
[ Palladium via Maria Popova ]
Advanced Persistent Threats
In Computer Networks
What you can not hear is the massive silent sucking sound of Western corporate secrets flowing into servers in China .
 The scope of this is much larger than anybody has every conveyed ,  says Kevin Mandia , CEO and president of Virginia - based computer security and forensic firm Mandiant .
 There [ are ] not 50 companies compromised .
There are thousands of companies compromised .
Actively , right now . 
Mandia claims these intrusions are persistent and used for industrial espionage on a massive scale .
Called Advanced Persistent Threats ( APT ) , the attacks are distinctive in the kinds of data the attackers target , and they are rarely detected by antivirus and intrusion programs .
What s more , the intrusions grab a foothold into a companys network , sometimes for years , even after a company has discovered them and taken corrective measures .
I do not know whether the threat is this large .
Are Chinese hackers really sucking massive amounts of proprietary design and business plan data from American , Japanese , and European corporations ?
If the infiltrations really are persistent and on a large scale I have some practical suggestions on how to cut them down by orders of magnitude .
Analogies with biological systems come to mind .
Biological RNA and DNA viruses can only work because they use the same DNA codon mappings to amino acids .
The same 3 letter DNA sequences and RNA sequences map in just about all living organisms on this planet .
An organism that used a very different set of mappings would likely be immune to existing viruses .
This description is about to get too technical for most people who are n't computer architects or software developers .
Sorry about that .
In computing the problem stems from the universal use of the same operating systems , scripting languages , networking protocols , and CPU op codes .
The obvious solution : generate custom instruction set with different orderings of bits in op codes .
The same compilers ( e.g. gcc ) could be used with back - end code generators that would read in tables for how to map to specialized bit orderings of existing processor instruction sets .
Take a microprocessor instruction set like some level of the ARM instruction set .
Create a description of an ARM processor in , say , VHDL .
Enhance the description so that as instructions get fetched their op code bits will get swapped around from the ordering out in memory to the ordering that the CPU understands .
The CPU could execute op codes laid out like any conventional ARM processor .
But it could fetch from memory in a secret format which the secret version of the gcc back - end would know how to generate for .
Alternatively , the CPU could execute the secret op code layout .
At each site the VHDL ( or Verilog or other logic description language ) could be transformed into a different unique op code layout .
Then the compiled processor architecture could be loaded into an FPGA for execution .
Each super - secure site would generate a different secret bit ordering .
The odds of a binary code virus getting into the facility and invading servers would be extremely low because the virus writers would n't know how to generate legal op codes .
This same approach could be applied to interpreted scripting languages .
Developers could still write and debug in , say , Python or Ruby or Perl .
But their source code could be translated into a very different looking interpreted language using a secure ( not on a network ) computer that would read in , say , Python and split out a different secret scripting language whose interpreter could actually be derived from the open source public Python interpreter engine .
The key to this approach is to develop microprocessor descriptions and interpreted languages that lend themselves to automated transformation into functionally equivalent but different looking instruction execution machines .
In a nutshell : automate the generation of obscure execution languages and op code architectures .
Desktops are a harder nut to crack .
One way to do it is to just make desktops as akin to X servers .
Run the real word processor , spreadsheet , or browser on the secret server 's instruction set architecture .
Of course , then Open Office and Mozilla Firefox would need to be compiled for each server .
This approach is easier to do with open source .
To much of the geek - sphere , the iPad is somewhat of a disappointment .
It ’s underwhelming – there ’s nothing all that surprising in there , no “ oh , and one more thing ” to throw some real techno - magick spices into the pot .
We saw it coming from a hundred miles away , so now that it ’s finally here , there is n’t much surprise left .
I think part of the reason for this is , as usual , that the first round of people interpreting the meaning and purpose of the iPad are all geeks – developers , designers , and assorted Macheads who already own one or two macs at least , and an iphone .
I believe the collective “ Meh ” is absolutely right from this crowd .
Yes , the iPad is a nice - to - have , yes , I ’ll probably be getting one , but it ’s not really all that revolutionary .
It does n’t do anything that we ca n’t already do with our iPhones and Macs , after all .
But geeks and assorted Macheads constitute a relatively small percentage of the computer - using people around the world .
The vast majority of the world is still using Windows PCs .
And for them , an iPad may be exactly what they ’ve been waiting for .
Let me elaborate on this …
Most people do n’t need a computer
Most people have a computer at home .
For some ( like my mom ) , it ’s an ancient Dell laptop they bought years ago .
Others have bought into the netbook trend and invested a small amount of money into a machine that , for most people , can only be irritating to use ( slow , small , ugly , and burns your lap – not a recipe for success ) .
A few have actually paid good money for what was supposed to be a modern machine , and actually turned out to be yet another annoying slow , painful - to - use , Windows - based machine infested with trial software , spyware , and sometimes viruses .
In today ’s ( western ) world , not having any computer at home makes life difficult .
My mom needs some way to check airline ticket prices , to find out the weather , to go on Facebook , to buy movie tickets , to check her email , to call me on Skype , and a thousand other little uses that are n’t very taxing or challenging for either her or whatever device she ’s using .
She does n’t really need a computer in the same sense that I do , though .
As a programmer , I need a machine that is powerful , that I can mess with under the hood , that I can do everything with .
My mom needs a reasonably priced machine that Simply Works and does all those simple things that she wants to do when she ’s at home .
In short , most people do n’t really need a proper computer at all .
And they mostly do n’t want one .
Many people spend all day working in front of a computer , and they simply do n’t like the idea of coming home to yet another computer that looks just like the one they use at work .
i Pad : the uncomputer for the masses
Apple has grandiosely claimed that the iPad is creating an entirely new product category , and I think they ’re right .
Many people are comparing the iPad launch to the iPhone or the iPod – dismissed by tech critics , who were ultimately proven wrong by mass adoption of the devices .
There is something to this comparison , but it ’s not quite fair .
Both the iPod and the iPhone attacked existing product categories and made them so much better that they wiped the floor with their competition .
The iPad is attempting to create a new market .
A great many of the people who bought an iPod had other MP3 players beforehand .
I ’d wager most of the people who end up buying an iPad have never owned a dedicated tablet computer , and never considered that it would be worth owning one .
A better comparison is with the Nintendo Wii .
While Sony and Microsoft competed in the cut - throat market of consoles for gamers , the Wii also created a new product category : consoles for everyone else .
It worked pretty well for them – it turns out that there ’s a lot more non-gamers than gamers , and making a device that appeals to 95 % of the population sells better than making one that appeals to only 5 % .
And that ’s exactly what Apple is doing : making a slick “ uncomputer ” that ’s tailored to those people who do n’t actually need a computer .
Many gamers ended up buying Wiis too , and I ’m sure many geeks will buy iPads , but the real money - maker will be those who do n’t even have a Mac , and probably wo n’t ever have one because it ’s too expensive and they do n’t need it .
The price point is also just right for this market – $ 499 is around the range of a cheap laptop or an expensive netbook .
The applications balance is right – focus on email and web , with a good helping of medias , games and various practical apps .
The gorgeous look is of course going to appeal to everyone .
Once it has a video camera ( inevitable for the next iteration ) , it will do everything that normal people do with their laptops at home today .
The only question , in my my mind , is , what will these people do when their cheap old Dell finally clonks out ?
Right now , to use an iPad and iPhone effectively , it seems you still need some kind of base station .
So when the old Dell gives up the ghost , will people buy another one ?
Pony up for an expensive Mac ?
Or simply decide that the iPad is good enough and they do n’t want another laptop ?
When Google announced its Chrome OS last year , it intended this operating system to be for netbooks .
Last week ’s unveiling of the Apple iPad has made tablet computers hot , though , and Google is making sure its upcoming OS will have this class of devices covered , too .
To make this happen , the Chrome OS will clearly have to be modified to include features not generally used by netbooks .
At the top of this list is support for touchscreens .
An on - screen keyboard will also be a necessity .
Google is clearly still exploring this concept , and has posted on one of its websites images and a video showing how a Chrome - powered tablet could operate .
These include some different keyboard arrangements , and ways of launching and switching between applications .
More about the Chrome OS
Google offers its own web browser , called Chrome .
Last summer , it announced plans to develop an open - source operating system based on this browser .
Basically , the Chrome OS will be the Chrome web browser running within a new windowing system on top of a Linux kernel .
Naturally , this will give it access to this company ’s online services for e-mail , navigation , word processing , spreadsheets , etc .
Although Google original vision for the Chrome OS was as an OS for low - cost netbooks , there ’s nothing about the it that would preclude it being used on a tablet , once Touchscreen support has been added .
Comparisons to Apple iPad
Google and Apple appear to have the same general concept for a tablet computer : a device with a relatively large capacitive Touchscreen but no physical keyboard .
Wireless conectivity of some form is a given .
Browsing the Web and exchanging e-mail are important uses , but with a range of other applications available .
Google clearly intends for Chrome OS - based tablets to have at least one advantage over the iPad though : multi-tasking .
Apple ’s iPhone OS has limited support for running multiple applications simultaneously , while Google ’s will apparently offer full multitasking support .
Google Concept Video
To demonstrate how a tablet computer running the Chrome OS will work , Google prepared a short video :
Source : Google
The strange worlds of Suda 51 may be coming to your nearest downloadable platform .
Game developer and Grasshopper Manufacture CEO Goichi Suda , better known to audiences as Suda51 , has declared an interest in exploring both Xbox Live Arcade and PlayStation Network as venues for one or more upcoming games , according to a post at Develop .
The article states that Suda has expressed the desire to work on both downloadable add - ons to games and standalone downloadable titles .
Either platform could be a strong option for the eclectic developer .
Titles like Killer7 and No More Heroes have at times struggled to find an audience with their unusual gameplay and experimental story components .
Short - form downloadable games have the potential to introduce Suda 's unique brand of game design to a broad spectrum of gamers , without the commitment of buying into a full - fledged retail title .
Would you be open to a downloadable game from the folks at Grasshopper ?
File this one under “ the planet thanks you ” – the Japanese research & development company Eamex says they ’ve found a way to allow lithium ion batteries to be recharged up to ten thousand times over the span of twenty years .
How ?
Some revolutionary new science involving “ a stabilization process of the battery ’s electrodes , which in - turn puts less stress on the battery ’s tin . ”
I always thought if you could stabilize the electrodes you ’d get less tin stress !
This process his “ maintains the bonding of particles for a longer period of time , ” which in turn , allows your rechargeable battery to last ten times longer than those currently on store shelves .
Eamax feels this is big news for heavy - duty batteries , such as those that are used to power electric vehicles .
Plus , eventually the tech will help extend the lives of smaller appliances like smartphones or laptops .
Think about it : one pair of double A ’s could be with you longer than most of your girlfriends !
Or , for some of you , one pair of double A ’s could power most of your girlfriends !
i Phone hacker George Hotz , aka " GeoHot " , was able to finally crack the PlayStation 3 ... three years after the system 's release .
He praised the hardware for its security , but now that Sony has responded by removing the Linux capabilities of the PlayStation 3 entirely , the hacker has decided to fight back , warning gamers not to update their systems until he finds a way to keep the Other OS option on the PlayStation 3 .
The problem for Sony is that GeoHot is now threatening to release custom firmware for the system , which is quite the escalation from what was previously available from the hacking community .
" I never intended to touch [ custom firmware ] , but if that 's how you want to play ... "
Hotz wrote on his blog .
Sony may have done much more harm than good with its April 1 update .
The hacker speaks
Hotz is skeptical about the reasons for the update .
" What security concerns ?
It 's not like the exploit can be run even close to without the users knowledge .
You have to open the fucking thing up .
How could this harm users ? "
He points out that the blog post does n't give users any positive gains from the update , simply threats about what they 'll lose if they do n't .
Urging gamers to wait on the update , he says he 's working on a workaround that will allow you to continue to play games online as well as keep your Linux partition .
" The PlayStation 3 is the only product I know that loses features throughout it 's life cycle .
Software PS2 emulation , SACD playback , and OtherOS support are all just software switches you can flip .
It 's unbelievable you would go and flip one , not just on new boxes you are shipping , but on tens of millions already in the field . "
He points out , one more time , that this is n't about piracy .
" Some people seem to think CFW will enable some sort of piracy .
It wo n't .
It 'll just be a custom version of 3.21 that does n't lose OtherOS support , " he points out .
" Hacking is n't about getting what you did n't pay for , it 's about making sure you do get what you did . "
He then questions the right of companies like Sony to remove advertised features from hardware after it has been sold .
He asks what would happen if Apple removed web browsing from the iPhone if an exploit was found in Safari .
" Legally , they may be within their right to do so , but we have to show them it's the wrong move for the future of the product and the company . "
This is a fight Sony can't win
The wins Hotz has enjoyed in playing with the system were enough to make Sony nervous , but taking away Linux has n't exactly made anyone happy .
Catching the interest of someone who clearly has both the time and the knowledge to open the system wider wo n't end well ;
Hotz may not be interested in piracy but the more capabilities put into the hands of the cracking community the more likely that outcome is going to be .
Sony has seen just how damaging piracy can be to a platform — the PSP has suffered from that problem almost since launch — but taking away features and claiming security concerns may have simply given the issue more attention than it deserved .
This is a story we 'll be keeping an eye on .
Angie Jackson Live - Tweets Her Abortion on Twitter Angie Jackson says she wants other women to know what it 's like .
Feb. 25 , 2010  -- Angie Jackson says nothing is off - limits on Twitter , not even the details of her abortion .
The 27 - year - old has turned to the micro blogging site , and to her blog and YouTube videos , to chronicle her experience taking RU - 486 , commonly known as the abortion pill , in an attempt to " demystify " abortion for other women .
The posts , which have drawn outrage from abortion opponents online , can be graphic .
" Cramps are getting a bit more persistent , " Jackson typed into Twitter on Feb. 21 under her username " antitheistangie . "
A few hours later she posted , " Definitely bleeding now . "
Jackson told ABCNews.com that she 's always turned to her online friends for support , and that her unwanted pregnancy left her needing it more than ever .
Jackson had an IUD , a device that is placed into the uterus to prevent pregnancy , but it failed .
Already the mother of a 4 - year - old son with special needs , Jackson , who lives in Tampa , Fla. , with her boyfriend , said that after a difficult and life - threatening first pregnancy her doctors advised her to not get pregnant again .
" I had made a decision when my son was born to try to not get pregnant again , and if that failed I 'd planned that I would get an abortion if I needed one , " Jackson said .
She found out she was pregnant Feb. 13 , a little more than three weeks after she conceived , early enough that she could choose RU - 486 rather than a surgical abortion to terminate the pregnancy
" My goal is to stay alive , and the best chance of that is to have an abortion , " she said .
But her decision to go public with her abortion has brought criticism .
Jackson said she 'd received death threats and postings on her blog that have labeled her a baby killer .
The day she found out she was pregnant she tweeted the news to her then - 800 followers , writing a solemn " Pregnant . "
Since then , the number of followers on her Twitter feed , YouTube channel and blog have nearly doubled , she said .
" Emotionally , for me , doing this in the open and having the support of my friends has made this immeasurably easier , " said Jackson .
" This has made me feel like it is an unfortunate experience but not something by which I have to define myself or my life by . "
But Jackson , who said she 's always spoken about controversial topics online -- she is a self - professed atheist who says she grew up in a fundamentalist cult and survived sexual abuse -- never expected her abortion tweets to garner such attention .
" I do n't feel like I 'm doing anything different from what I do every day , " said Jackson .
" But now I have people calling me a killer ; it 's surreal . "
Among the criticisms she 's received , Jackson has also been the target of a handful of death threats , as well as personal attacks on her character , her boyfriend and her son .
She said she 's been called a " whore " who " ca n't keep her legs closed , " and has also been sent Bible verses by anti-abortion rights activists .
On Twitter , one poster wrote to Jackson , saying , " A mother who aborts cannot love her children unconditionally .
She must want them first . "
Another poster wrote , " It may be too late but [ sic ] what if we could arrange for some adoptive parents .
I can find someone who will love your baby . "
And on Jackson 's YouTube page , the comments are even harsher , with posters telling her that she 's " going to hell " and that she 's " a fool . "
" Maybe I was naive .
I had not expected that people would think I was making up a medical need for an abortion or other things , like people accusing me of getting pregnant on purpose so I could do this as a publicity stunt , " she said , adding that she was " astonished " at the level of hatred some people have for her .
Woman Live Tweets Her Abortion , Garners Criticism
The Family Research Council , which promotes " faith , family and freedom , " published a blog calling Jackson 's decision a " tragedy . "
" The tragedy is that the woman in the video will never know her terminated child 's potential , " reads the blog , referring to Jackson 's YouTube video .
Jeanne Monahan , the director for the Center for Human Dignity at FRC , said that she " feels sorry " for Jackson .
" I certainly do n't agree with her decision to have a medical abortion , " said Monahan .
" In my heart I believe it 's not good for her or her baby . "
" I do n't believe that with all of the evidence out there in terms of psychological effects this decision is going to help her to deal or help her to be a better mother , it 's going to add to her problems , " she said .
Despite some of the harshest criticisms , Jackson said that only about a third of the responses have been negative , and the rest have been messages of support , including many from women thanking her for explaining a process they do n't fully understand .
" The overwhelming sentiment is , ' Thank you for talking about something that is hard to talk about , ' " said Jackson , who said that she heard from one young woman about to start taking RU - 486 today who was inspired to tweet her experience .
Both will use the hash tag symbol and the phrase " livetweetingabortion " to categorize their posts on Twitter .
Jackson said she 's not letting the critics get to her .
Just as she appreciates the opportunity to discuss her beliefs , she thinks others should be able to do the same .
" I 'm not trying to ignite a culture war , I 'm just offering one person 's personal experience and true story . "
Image via Wikipedia
If there one question that gets asked ridiculously often to anarchists is to describe how the future society would look like , how would an anarchistic world function .
Any answer given to this question can but only raise more questions and open more venues for criticism as any system described can only be simplistic and full of conceptual holes .
Therefore I dislike this question with a passion , as not only it is commonly used as a basis for dismissal of anarchism without bothering to look any deeper but also misses the greater point that anarchism is about the process rather than the end result .
However today I had a small epiphany on this topic while watching the excellent BBC documentary The Secret Life of Chaos .
At some point in the film , Prof .
Al Khalili made the point that while migrating birds have no leaders and no complex system of organization or rules to guide their flights , their flocks nevertheless not only manage to achieve great feats such as flying over whole continents but also display stunning patterns of flight formations , surprisingly suitable for their purpose ( such as flying in a V - shape formation ) or simply beautiful , while managing to avoid even colliding with each other .
What surprised me about this statement is how incredibly similar this type of organization sounds to an anarchist society .
A society which has no leaders and no complex rules and yet manages to function and even create a very complex societal organization and order which serves to maximize the happiness of every human within it .
The complexity of it arises , not despite the simple rules underlying the system but because of them and the existence of chaos .
In short because of the natural complexity that arises when one combines simple rules with feedback .
And human societies , if anything , are nothing but feedback .
And this , I realized , is why one can never describe an anarchistic society .
The simple fact of humans starting to follow simple anarchistic rules will create such levels of complexity and radical , strange and wonderful patterns and formations of social organization , that any prediction one of us makes now can only end up horribly wrong .
In fact , the only accurate prediction one can make about a system that follows a certain set of rules within a chaotic environment is …that the system will follow those rules .
Nothing else .
You cannot predict the end result any more than one can predict the shape a flock of birds will take or how a certain pattern will look like when zooming 10 x in a Mandelbrot set , while starting at a random location .
What does this mean ?
That any targets we set for a future society , such as the end of crime or having conquered the galaxy with billions of human colonies is impossible to predict with any certainty .
No matter the system we setup to achieve this , because the smallest changes in our environment and behaviour will radically change what we expect .
Just look at how science fiction looked even a mere 100 years ago ( not to mention even longer ) and you will see how little resemblance it has to our world .
In fact , even looking at popular conceptions of the future , as crystalized in various movies produced a mere 30 years ago we can see that most of them are way off base .
Personally , I ’m still waiting for the flying cars .
And yet , even 30 years ago , nobody could even imagine something like the internet and how it would completely revolutionize our whole way of thinking and interacting with each other .
And yet , when one simple technological innovation completely re-shapes significant parts whole world in one short generation , you ask us to describe how an anarchist society , which would require a whole change of social relations , not to mention technology and lifestyle – in the face of rapid climate change and disentanglement from oil – would look like ?!
This is simply impossible .
However we can predict one thing :
An Anarchy , that is , a society where humans individually follow and promote anarchist principles will …have anarchist principles .
Simple nü ?
So let me clarify this .
One of the most fundamental anarchist principles is true democracy ; the very simple concept that the power of one to affect a decision should be directly proportional to how much that decision affects them .
As far as social rules go , this is as simple as “ One person – One vote ” or “ The King ’s choice is infallible ” .
We cannot remotely predict how a society based on this rule will look like any more than classical Greek democrats could ever foresee the US political system .
What we can predict though is that the society will at its core allow people to have a truly democratic voice in their lives and thus greater control .
Such a society would be definition need to have all hierarchies abolished ( and that includes for example prison and business hierarchies ) and will not have any prohibition on recreational drugs of any sort .
The rule is simple but the society that will form around it will be incredibly complex and impossible to predict .
This , I realize , is the only way to think about societal change .
There is no point making utopian constructions in one ’s head about how a future society must function for all humans to be happy , as this is moored in current social relations and current technological levels .
This is the fatal flaw all such ideas had , from communist Utopias to “ anarcho ” - capitalist conceptions of freed markets and competing defence organizations .
They assume a static world and a have a distinctly “ Newtonian ” understanding of social sciences .
They assume that they have discovered the perfect equation which will bring about the perfect society … if only humans were smart enough to follow it to the letter .
But no matter how smart humans are the end result predicted is impossible .
Not only because of minor , minuscule changes in the system ( not to speak of major changes such as a new revolutionary technology being innovated ) , but fundamentally because of feedback , the end utopia will never come to be .
All one will end up with is a vague trace of the original idea , somewhere in the developing society .
Much like someone , paying very close attention , might discern the flame of a candle as it is moved within a video - feedback system .
In fact , our current society is nothing more than the end result of humans following a host of other basic rules of organization such as respect of free speech , respect for private property , promotion of classical freedom ( i.e. your rights end where my rights begin ) , “ one person - one vote ” , secularism , gender and race equality , promotion of and respect for the scientific method and many others .
However , society did not change overnight , we did not move from feudalism to capitalism in one month , nor did we embrace modern science in a few years .
It took centuries for those ideas to become mainstream because of the societal evolution .
And those ideas only even got a hold in the first place because of the same evolution that came before them .
Because of the way the system ended up forming from the ideas that were dominant in the past .
And the funny thing is that those ideas might have been the complete opposite of what they produced .
What this means is that while we may have reached where we are because of the ideals that came before us , the capitalist mode of production which came after feudalism and slavery , which came after theocracy which came after imperialism and so on , we are still capable of changing where we are headed by the simple act of embracing different ideals .
We will not know how exactly we will turn out , but we will know that we ’ll have those ideas in action and thus can rule at least the things out that conflict with them .
In the end , the order of human societies are the complex result of simple rules , much like chaos theory predicts .
However there is a factor which is absent from every other chaotic system we see around us .
A simple detail which gives a whole new dimension of complexity to the evolutionary progress :
Humans can modify their own environment .
This simple fact I have come to realize is surprisingly important .
Whereas every other organism ( or simple pattern ) can only adapt to how the environment around it changes and will only slowly change its basic rules as a result of natural selection , humans can to a large extent modify both their behaviour and their social rules instantly ( in an evolutionary timescale ) by using their primary trait , their reason , to discover a better optimal path than the one they were following until then .
This means that they can follow a particular rule - set until it stalls or it becomes obvious that it is detrimental and then either modify their environment until this is not the case anymore , or simply discard their rule set for a superior one
Looking back at human history from this perspective , it ’s impossible to miss this process .
Humans adapted to their environment by using a specific system of social organization and production .
When their environment changed ( say by the introduction of a new technology or resource ) they changed then either or both of them accordingly .
Thus the slavery as a mode of production led to Imperialism ( as well as , surprisingly , Democracy in classical Greece – remember the things we ca n’t predict ? ) .
The discovery of the steam engine and oil and the general industrial revolution led to the widespread abolition of slavery in favour of wage - slavery .
All these things happened not because of fate , or the will of a creator and whatnot , but because of simple rules and material changes and feedback which always worked mindlessly to create the best combination of social organization given the existing environment for the maximal human spread .
And this is in fact the crux of the cookie .
The current socioeconomic framework is not optimal anymore .
The environment has changed far too much since the dawn of capitalism .
Not only has the technological level broken the barriers of the system and thus made the ground fertile for different organizations ( much like the industrial revolution made slavery sub-optimal ) but the way the environment changes because of the system ( such as global climate change and peak oil ) has made the current one not only simply detrimental but outright destructive for the evolutionary success of humans ( i.e. our continued existence as a species ) .
And this is where Anarchism comes in .
I can only but consider it but the latest of an human societal recalibration required to work with the current and changing environment .
It is no wonder than the first flickers of the idea occurred just as the capitalist system completed its dominance as the chosen method of production .
It ’s as if human history cunningly winks at us , while it hints to what is to follow .
In fact , I consider it even more noteworthy that anarchist theorists had intuitively grasped the chaotic nature of social change approximately half a century before Turing made his breakthrough research into biological patterns .
If there ’s one thing that has always been a primary concept behind the anarchist movement is how it gives far more weight to the means to achieve change than it does to the ends .
For me at least , the more I learn , the more this fact is solidified and the current post is only the latest of such knowledge .
Is Anarchism ( or Marx ’s “ Pure Communism ) to be the last sociopolitical stage ?
I used to think so but now , highly doubt it .
As much as we ca n’t even remotely predict the future , so can we not predict the circumstances that might make Anarchism obsolete .
Perhaps it will be enough to save us from annihilation by our own hands but not enough to survive contact with Alien races .
Who knows ?
As much as Adam Smith could not even imagine a system like Anarchism when the Free Markets he suggested was itself a radical concept , so can I not even imagine what could possibly follow Anarchism .
But what I do know , is that no anarchist will be ever be able to accurately describe what Anarchy will look like .
Only that like a flock of birds , it will be complex in its simplicity .
Anarchy is Order .
And Order comes from Chaos …
Spread the love : Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Tumblr
14 %
OFF
Portable Car Air Compressor Pump 12V 150 PSI Auto Digital Electric Tire Inflator with Gauge for Car , Truck , SUV , Basketballs and Other Inflatables Digital display version
NonY Profile Blog Joined June 2007 8355 Posts # 1 DOWNLOAD Liquid`Tyler vs David Kim
I got on for one quick game as a study break and it happened to be David Kim .
It was only my second match after being placed in a platinum division ( for those who do n't know what this means : it was my second game that did n't involve me bashing some newb and learning nothing )
Summary :
+ Show Spoiler +
I saw that he was still just on Roach / Ling so I went Zealot / Colossus ( no idea if this works at all ) and sent my obs around map to check for hidden expansions .
When I 'm ready to attack , Mutas fly in to my base .
I attack his base , destroy his army , kill all ( both ) his hatcheries , all his drones .
He saves his base with the mutas after killing most of my probes .
I build stalkers while the mutas are away but turns out they are horrible against mutas .
I have n't watched the rep but I think he put Spire down right after my obs left his base .
I definitely should have kept my obs looking around as long as possible and delegated map scouting to a probe .
I do n't know how many phoenix / cannon ( or whatever the most defense is ) I would 've needed to survive his mutas .
Might be that I was doomed no matter what or it might be I could 've tweaked my build to prevent mutas from doing any damage ( though I 'm sure I would n't have been able to go on offense with Zealot / Colossi ) .
Super fun to play a game and have so much to learn .
Ca n't wait to start figuring things out .
Gotta wait about a week before I can put that kinda time into it though TSL 10 k nom nom nom Map : Lost Temple .
It was strikingly similar to a BW game .
He was Z and FE'd and I did some quick Zealot harrass from 1 gate , then he tried some Roach / Ling harrass a little later that I fend off with a few Zealots , then I got obs to see what he 's doing .
I saw that he was still just on Roach / Ling so I went Zealot / Colossus ( no idea if this works at all ) and sent my obs around map to check for hidden expansions .
When I 'm ready to attack , Mutas fly in to my base .
I attack his base , destroy his army , kill all ( both ) his hatcheries , all his drones .
He saves his base with the mutas after killing most of my probes .
I build stalkers while the mutas are away but turns out they are horrible against mutas .
I have n't watched the rep but I think he put Spire down right after my obs left his base .
I definitely should have kept my obs looking around as long as possible and delegated map scouting to a probe .
I do n't know how many phoenix / cannon ( or whatever the most defense is ) I would 've needed to survive his mutas .
Might be that I was doomed no matter what or it might be I could 've tweaked my build to prevent mutas from doing any damage ( though I 'm sure I would n't have been able to go on offense with Zealot / Colossi ) .
Super fun to play a game and have so much to learn .
Ca n't wait to start figuring things out .
Gotta wait about a week before I can put that kinda time into it thoughTSL 10 k nom nom nom
< 3 dayvie
I got on for one quick game as a study break and it happened to be David Kim .
It was only my second match after being placed in a platinum division ( for those who do n't know what this means : it was my second game that did n't involve me bashing some newb and learning nothing ) Summary : < 3 dayvie " Fucking up is part of it .
If you can't fail , you have to always win .
And I do n't think you can always win . "
Elliott Smith ----------
Yet no sudden rage darkened his face , and his eyes were calm as they studied her .
Then he smiled .
' Witness . '
Boblion Profile Blog Joined May 2007 France 8032 Posts # 2
Can someone make a youtube video for those who do n't have the beta ? :p
Gj Nony . fuck all those elitists brb watching streams of elite players .
h8 m Profile Joined June 2009 United States 12 Posts # 3 Youtube vid please
Skyze Profile Blog Joined November 2008 Canada 2323 Posts Last Edited : 2010-02-20 00:16:08 # 4
On February 20 2010 09:11 Boblion wrote :
Can someone make a youtube video for those who do n't have the beta ? :p
Gj Nony .
Agreed .
I dont wanna try downloading that " replay crack " , just incase .
Nony is just about my favorite foreign SC player right now , so I cant wait to see some more SC2 games .
I just hope he practices enough BW to win this TSL first -_- Agreed .
I dont wanna try downloading that " replay crack " , just incase .
Nony is just about my favorite foreign SC player right now , so I cant wait to see some more SC2 games .
I just hope he practices enough BW to win this TSL first -_- Canada Gaming ~~ The - Feared
N3rV [ Green ] Profile Blog Joined August 2009 United States 1830 Posts # 5 Pretty soon I see David Kim going down to the TLers .
People are getting better reallllly fast .
Even psyonic is pretty good xD Never fear the darkness , Bran .
The strongest trees are rooted in the dark places of the earth .
Darkness will be your cloak , your shield , your mother 's milk .
Darkness will make you strong .
Polygamy Profile Joined January 2010 Austria 1110 Posts # 6 haha , nice post man !
Insane Profile Blog Joined November 2003 United States 4991 Posts # 7
Phoenixes do n't seem to be a very strong counter , especially since they get swatted by corrupters .
Mutalisks seem really really good against Protoss to mePhoenixes do n't seem to be a very strong counter , especially since they get swatted by corrupters .
GTR Profile Blog Joined September 2004 48898 Posts # 8 will we see a nony beta replay pack anytime soon ?
:D Commentator Twitter : @GTR1H
Stream : http://www.twitch.tv/GTR1H
FaCE_1 Profile Blog Joined December 2006 Canada 5472 Posts # 9 On February 20 2010 09:14 h8 m wrote :
Youtube vid please
this !!
my PC cant run SC2 replay this !!
my PC cant run SC2 replay n_n
NonY Profile Blog Joined June 2007 8355 Posts # 10 On February 20 2010 09:15 N3rV [ Green ] wrote :
Pretty soon I see David Kim going down to the TLers .
People are getting better reallllly fast .
Even psyonic is pretty good xD
Yeah , he has 5 losses last time I checked .
But I think he's not trying his hardest to win every game but rather doing a variety of things .
I think my mechanics in SC2 are pretty good ( I really need my F keys argghhh ) but I have nooooo idea how to do anything " properly " strategy - wise .
There are tons of people who are better than me right now but I 'll catch up super fast , especially when I have genius Artosis to tell me what greatest stuff currently is :D
Yeah , he has 5 losses last time I checked .
But I think he's not trying his hardest to win every game but rather doing a variety of things .
I think my mechanics in SC2 are pretty good ( I really need my F keys argghhh ) but I have nooooo idea how to do anything " properly " strategy - wise .
There are tons of people who are better than me right now but I 'll catch up super fast , especially when I have genius Artosis to tell me what greatest stuff currently is :D " Fucking up is part of it .
If you can't fail , you have to always win .
And I do n't think you can always win . "
Elliott Smith ----------
Yet no sudden rage darkened his face , and his eyes were calm as they studied her .
Then he smiled .
' Witness . '
MagisterMan Profile Blog Joined December 2008 Sweden 525 Posts # 11
In what folder do you put the replay file ?
I can't seem to find it .
Nachos ?
Shuray Profile Joined July 2008 Brazil 642 Posts # 12 I watched I believe Louder play dayvie a PvP yesterday
Pufftrees Profile Joined March 2009 2442 Posts # 13
Thanks for sharing , watching it now .
How long were you 1st place in Gold before they placed you in Platinum Nony ?
Chance favors the prepared mind .
NonY Profile Blog Joined June 2007 8355 Posts # 14 On February 20 2010 09:22 Pufftrees wrote :
Thanks for sharing , watching it now .
How long were you 1st place in Gold before they placed you in Platinum Nony ?
I got put straight into Platinum after going 10 - 0 in placement matches .
The placement matches were really easy for me .
They involved me building a bunch of probes and building any unit I wanted and attacking .
I got put straight into Platinum after going 10 - 0 in placement matches .
The placement matches were really easy for me .
They involved me building a bunch of probes and building any unit I wanted and attacking .
" Fucking up is part of it .
If you can't fail , you have to always win .
And I do n't think you can always win . "
Elliott Smith ----------
Yet no sudden rage darkened his face , and his eyes were calm as they studied her .
Then he smiled .
' Witness . '
N3rV [ Green ] Profile Blog Joined August 2009 United States 1830 Posts # 15
Like the now patented one base carrier rush v Z. ^^
Never fear the darkness , Bran .
The strongest trees are rooted in the dark places of the earth .
Darkness will be your cloak , your shield , your mother 's milk .
Darkness will make you strong .
Taurent Profile Blog Joined May 2003 Canada 391 Posts # 16 they need to put that back into the game .
David Kim is 95 - 5 atm :p
I miss F - keys as well so badthey need to put that back into the game .
David Kim is 95 - 5 atm :p
chao Profile Joined February 2010 Germany 21 Posts # 17
That was bad luck , the observer missed the spire by a few inches , it was already morphing .
In what folder do you put the replay file ?
I can't seem to find it .
Documents -> Sc2 beta -> Recent Documents -> Sc2 beta ->
Recent
Patriot.dlk Profile Blog Joined October 2004 Sweden 5458 Posts # 18 Really fun knowing you are going to pick this game up .
Hopefully you will be pro at it !
Also really cheering for you in TSL
Floydian Profile Blog Joined March 2009 United Kingdom 372 Posts # 19
Out of interest , how do we know that dayvie is definitely David Kim ?
LunarDestiny Profile Blog Joined August 2008 United States 4177 Posts # 20 On February 20 2010 09:27
Taurent wrote :
I miss F - keys as well so bad they need to put that back into the game .
David Kim is 95 - 5 atm :p
I miss F - keys as well so badthey need to put that back into the game .
David Kim is 95 - 5 atm :p
FUCKING SC2 BONJWA FUCKING SC2 BONJWA
1 2 3 4 5 9 10 11 Next All
India needs to build hundreds of thousands of toilets every month over the next five years , if it is to come close to meeting United Nations global development targets by 2015 .
Even as the country 's economy continues to boom - and technology is transforming many lives - more than half a billion Indians still lack access to basic sanitation .
Chris Morris has been to one of Delhi's more unusual museums to find out what is being done to improve the situation .
Unsleek and unsupersonic , the Super Tucano hardly fits most people ’s concept of a modern warplane .
But Brazilian manufacturer Embraer is finding a growing market for the retro “ light attack ” propeller - driven aircraft among nations looking to secure their borders , fight drugs and support counterinsurgency operations .
FOR THE RECORD :
Brazil warplanes :
An article in Tuesday ’s Section A about the Brazilian warplane called the Super Tucano said a new military transport aircraft being developed by Brazilian manufacturer Embraer would compete with the Boeing C - 130 Hercules .
That aircraft is in fact manufactured by Lockheed Martin . —
Ecuador is one such customer .
The two Super Tucanos that flew into Manta air base late last month were the first delivered on a 24 - plane order that President Rafael Correa placed shortly after Colombian armed forces entered Ecuador ’s airspace in March 2008 to kill a high - ranking FARC rebel leader , Raul Reyes .
Although the $ 250 - million purchase was seen as a reaction to Colombia ’s violation of its sovereignty , Correa in his weekly television address Feb. 6 said that the aircraft acquisition did n’t signal an arms buildup .
Rather , he said , the planes were replacing Ecuador ’s fleet of mostly 30 - year - old A - 37 Dragonfly aircraft made by Cessna .
But Correa is wrestling with a problem that the planes can help him confront : the persistent presence in his territory of guerrillas with the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia or , FARC .
Without specifically mentioning FARC , Correa said the aircraft would help support the Ecuadorean military as it fights “ regular and irregular forces ” inside the country ’s borders .
( It was a Colombian air force Super Tucano that dropped the “ smart bomb ” that killed Reyes , then second in command of the FARC , as he slept at a camp a mile inside Ecuadorean territory . )
Relations between Colombia and Ecuador have improved since the 2008 incursion , when Correa briefly mobilized troops and froze trans - border commerce .
Recently , the neighbors have reestablished diplomatic ties and resumed cooperation concerning drug interdiction and the FARC .
Colombian President Alvaro Uribe in 2008 justified the air operation , saying that Ecuador looked the other way when it came to the presence of the FARC .
More recently , he thanked Correa after Ecuadorean armed forces killed three suspected FARC rebels in Ecuadorean territory Jan. 18 .
The two - seater Super Tucano ’s top speed is only about 350 mph .
But it has a 620 - mile combat radius and can stay aloft for six hours .
Introduced in 2003 , the plane can be outfitted with two heavy machine guns as well as 2 tons of guided bombs and rockets , said Robert Munks , an Americas analyst for IHS Jane ’s military consultants in London .
With their uses in training , surveillance and offensive campaigns , the Super Tucanos fit the bill for many Third World countries , and at $ 10 million each , are relatively cheap , Munks said .
After five years in service with the Colombian air force , the planes have proved their worth in anti-drug and counterinsurgency operations , he said .
Chile and the Dominican Republic have bought Super Tucanos .
An Embraer spokesman declined to comment on reports that Indonesia and Peru have also placed orders .
The Pentagon is considering buying 200 of the aircraft , and Britain ’s Royal Air Force is weighing the possibility of replacing its fleet of Harrier vertical takeoff jets with Super Tucanos instead of Lockheed Martin F - 35 Bs , which cost 10 times as much .
If the Pentagon buys the planes -- 100 each for the Navy and Air Force , according to reports -- the order would equal the total number of Super Tucanos that have been sold to date .
The principal customers have been the air forces of Brazil , with 99 , and Colombia , which bought 25 .
Promoting Super Tucano sales is part of Brazil ’s ambitious campaign to raise its profile as a military power , as well as a manufacturer .
In its strategic defense plan unveiled in 2008 , Brazil said it was doing so to diversify its economy while protecting its natural resources .
In joint deals with France , Brazil has embarked on technology - sharing projects to build its own fleet of helicopters and submarines .
The nation is also in the process of deciding between French , Swedish and U.S. jet aircraft manufacturers for a new multibillion - dollar fleet of fighter jets .
Embraer probably would have a role in building the aircraft .
Embraer is also developing a new military transport plane called the KC - 390 that will compete with Boeing ’s C - 130 Hercules .
France has promised to buy several of them .
Kraul is a special correspondent .
A good sense of humor is always good .
It gives you a reason to relax and even fuels your creativity and productivity .
Therefore it ’s cool if you have plenty of funny gadgets around your home interior : they may keep your family members and friends in a good mood throughout the day .
But sometimes you just want to say “ Enough is enough ” .
This post is all about that “ extreme humor ” that can be used to turn your daily bathroom procedures into real fun : 10 funniest and gross bathroom gadgets :
1. Electric bath duck
Please do n’t use this one ; only store to amuse your guests :
2. Serial Killer / Psycho shower curtain
If you are a fan of those scary movies where all most terrible things happen in the shower , this “ psycho ” shower curtain should appeal to you :
3 . Blood bath mat
A cool companion to the aforementioned shower curtain to create a most complete interior design :
4. Disgusting soap dispenser
Push on the nose , and you will get an opportunity to wash your hands with the green stuff that gets out of the nostrils :
5. Handsoap
Ever wanted to wash your hands with , well , hands ?
These would not look as odd to me , be it hands of an adult person …
But babies !
6 . Dog-end towel holder
If you think that stuffing a towel into this Dog - End butt is funny , this towel holder is right for you !
7. Excited man wall hook
Like the dog - end towel holder was n’t enough !
The both hooks will surely bring a whole lots of smiles for all members of your family and random friends who ’ll come to visit .
8. Face / Butt towels
If you want to remember which part of the towel rubbed which part of your body , this towel will be your favorite one :
9. HELP ! drain stopper
This drain stopper is a must - have if you plan to buy handsoap mentioned above :
10 .
Pet vomit toothpaste
These “ Toothpaste Heads ” claim to make teeth brushing more fun but I really doubt they do :
Special to the Daily Cal
Today our newspapers will be dominated by the headlines that March 4 was a historic day for public education .
They will say that never before have so many people from all the sectors of education mobilized across the state and country .
They are right that March 4 should be remembered for all of these things .
Unfortunately , the real history - making day will have been misquoted .
It is our actions and decisions on March 5 that will truly mark just how determined we are to transform our broken education system .
March 4 alone will not guarantee an end to the budget cuts .
To fight them , we must start connecting public
education with other societal issues , namely the runaway spending on the wars , prisons and banks .
This is not because we wish to take on all the issues plaguing our society but because these issues are intruding into our campuses and wallets , whether we want them to or not .
It costs an estimated $ 1 million to deploy a soldier to Afghanistan for a year and $ 49,000 to incarcerate a prisoner for a year in California .
The state of California spends less than $ 10,000 to educate one K - 12 student each year .
The tradeoff is clear and unjustifiable .
Participating in and organizing for the March 20 anti-war protest in San Francisco would be a good start to contesting these misplaced priorities .
Successfully connecting these issues will also mean building more deeply the links we have been making with the other sectors of public education beyond the University of California .
On simply moral grounds we ought to stand in solidarity with K - 12 because our brothers , sisters , sons and daughters are facing cuts and lost opportunities much worse than our own .
Public school budgets for K - 12 campuses rely much more on state funds ( which roughly constitute 13 percent of the UC budget ) and so they are more susceptible to cuts .
Also , a well - funded K - 12 system will raise the quality of our universities and do much to address the terrible underrepresentation of students of colors in the UC system .
Furthermore , uniting with other sectors will support us in our own fight .
For example , during the 1968 - 69 strike at San Francisco State University that shutdown their campus for nearly five months , the Black Student Union was able to mobilize as many as 2,000 high schoolers to support the strike because the youth knew that the college students were fighting for their university as well .
If we want support , we must earn it by reaching out to the other sectors .
To truly look forward , though , we must reaffirm what has brought us this far .
March 4 was the product of persistent grassroots mobilizing and organizing .
Such grassroots organizing brought us the initial spark on the university campuses as well as the Oct. 24 statewide conference of students , workers , and activists that called for the actions and strikes on March 4 .
From that conference many local organizing committees were organized that built up the March 4 events .
We must continue this grassroots organizing as it is the best method to build the mass movement we need .
It is the only way ensure that the politicians and UC Board of Regents
follow through with their promised commitments to affordable and accessible public education .
So I encourage you to start talking to your friends and coworkers about how to get more involved .
Then bring yourselves and your friends to the Regional Mobilizing Conference that will be held at Laney Community College in Oakland on March 27 .
From there , we can
coordinate and organize for the fight back that will , by necessity , be a long one .
Predictions are that the budget deficits will continue at the same destructive levels for five years if nothing changes .
We can change that , but only collectively .
Then , when we are successful , history will remember just how important a day March 5 was .
Washington Post columnist E.J. Dionne is onto something .
He asserts that " we have reached a true populist moment in American politics . "
The U.S. Supreme Court majority sniffed last week that the lure of campaign cash has nothing to do with the likelihood of public corruption or undue influence on our institutions and public officials .
It 's just that corporations have the right to free speech ( even without a mention of them in the constitution ) .
And if the result is a torrent of corporate dollars contaminating the political process , which does n't exactly pass the sniff test as it is , we can all pay homage to the glories of the first amendment .
Maybe the Supremes missed the health care reform stalemate in Congress .
Health insurers and HMOs spent nationally more than $ 126 million in the first half of 2009 alone on campaign contributions and lobbying to fight health care reform .
That 's a clip of nearly $ 700,000 per day .
And they undoubtedly glanced over Pennsylvania 's recent state budget fiasco .
Last year the interests that blocked adequate revenue from reaching the state 's coffers were many , but they all had one thing in common : big bucks " invested " politically .
Want to tax the natural gas extracted from the Marcellus Shale ?
You say it 's a no - brainer from a policy perspective .
Sorry .
Governor Rendell backed away and the legislature ran for cover – maybe next year .
The gas industry recently showered state senate leaders with more than $ 200,000 in campaign contributions and the governor was rewarded , too ( all before the fact ) .
Pope Benedict XVI apologized Saturday to victims of priestly abuse in Ireland , acknowledging that the scandal had brought the church into disrepute but offering no specific action to punish clergy accused of involvement even as the crisis spread across Europe .
“ You have suffered grievously and I am truly sorry .
I know that nothing can undo the wrong you have endured , ” the pope wrote to Irish victims and their families .
“ I openly express the shame and remorse that we all feel . ”
Amid charges of coverups , he acknowledged that church leaders had made “ grave errors of judgment ” in how they dealt with the problem of sexual abuse , and he called on offending priests and religious workers to submit “ to the demands of justice . ”
The apology came in a highly anticipated pastoral letter that was sent to the church in Ireland on Friday and that was to be read out at Mass across the country Sunday .
Advertisement
With allegations of abuse bubbling up in other European countries , however , including Benedict ’s native Germany , some of the letter ’s contents were meant for a wider audience .
“ When the pope speaks about the suffering of the victims and when he speaks of the perpetrators , these parts of the letter are for everybody , ” Vatican spokesman Father Federico Lombardi said .
In the letter , the pope announced a Vatican - led investigation of certain dioceses , seminaries and religious orders in Ireland , to help the church overcome a scandal that has undermined its mission to a degree that “ not even centuries of persecution succeeded in doing . ”
But to the outrage of victims groups and other critics , the pontiff did not address public demands for the resignation of bishops and church leaders accused of mishandling the crisis .
Nor did he admit to what many say are shortcomings within the Vatican .
Advertisement
Instead , the pope urged “ my brother bishops ” to enforce church law on child abuse and “ to cooperate with the civil authorities in their area of competence . ”
Whether the pope ’s comments will be enough to assuage growing public anger , even among the faithful , or to set the Roman Catholic Church on “ a path of healing , renewal and reparation , ” as Benedict wrote , remains to be seen .
Ireland has been at the epicenter of the church ’s sex - abuse scandal in Europe .
Last year , a nine - year investigation found that , from the 1930s to the 1990s , thousands of children had been subjected to beatings , molestation , rape and emotional terrorization in reformatories , schools and orphanages run by religious workers who promoted a “ culture of silence ” to protect themselves .
John Kelly , who was abused as a boy in the 1960s , welcomed the papal apology Saturday but sharply criticized the pontiff for not spelling out how wrongdoers in the church would be either exposed or disciplined .
Advertisement
“ I accept that he ’s acknowledged abuse , and I welcome that he ’s said [ clergy and religious workers ] must cooperate with civil authorities , ” said Kelly , who is coordinator of Irish Survivors of Child Abuse .
“ The important thing is what he does n’t say .
The pope does not say , ‘ Hand the files over to the police or hand yourself over to the civil authorities .’ . . .
That ’s justice , ” Kelly said .
“ He does n’t talk about reform of the church .
He does n’t talk about accountability . ”
Critics have blamed Benedict for perpetuating the culture of silence within the church .
As a cardinal , he issued a directive in 2001 demanding secrecy in dealing with abuse allegations .
Some Vatican - watchers say that the pope ’s views have evolved , that his understanding , as pontiff , of the gravity of the crisis and its damage to the church has deepened and hardened his resolve to root out the problem .
In his new letter , the pope certainly spoke more harshly than usual to offending priests .
Advertisement
“ You betrayed the trust that was placed in you by innocent young people and their parents , and you must answer for it before Almighty God , ” he said .
“ You have forfeited the esteem of the people of Ireland and brought shame and dishonor upon your confreres . ”
Abusers should face “ properly constituted tribunals , ” presumably within the church , but the letter did not elaborate on how those panels would operate .
The pontiff also rebuked bishops for “ failures of leadership ” that have “ seriously undermined your credibility and effectiveness . ”
Such mistakes grew out of a culture with a “ misplaced concern for the reputation of the church and the avoidance of scandal , ” the pope wrote .
But he has so far made no move to accept the offer of at least three Irish bishops to step down .
Many activists have also called on the head of the church in Ireland , Cardinal Sean Brady , to resign .
Advertisement
Lombardi , the Vatican spokesman , said such disciplinary matters were outside the scope of a missive directed at the flock in Ireland as a whole .
“ It is a strong message for the bishops , ” Lombardi said .
But “ it is a pastoral letter , and nobody should expect to find disciplinary aspects in it .
Accepting the resignations is a different issue , and the pope has not yet publicly said anything .
He will decide on this separately . ”
The pope ’s letter also announced that the Vatican would launch an investigation , known as an apostolic visitation , of various dioceses , seminaries and religious organizations in Ireland .
But it did not name them .
Barbara Dorris , national outreach director for the U.S. - based Survivors Network of Those Abused by Priests , called such measures painfully inadequate .
Advertisement
“ Apparently not one wrongdoer will even get a papal slap on the hand , ” Dorris said .
“ Not one more predator will apparently be ousted .
Not one more horrific secret coverup will apparently ever see the light of day .
And not one victim will apparently see any tangible help whatsoever . ”
henry.chu@latimes.com
De Cristofaro is a special correspondent .
Overview ( 1 )
Mini Bio ( 1 )
Began her career directing music videos for acts like Tone Loc , Depeche Mode , NWA and Sonic Youth and made her first feature in 92 with Guncrazy starring Drew Barrymore .
Ms Barrymore received a Golden Globe Nomination .
She then went on to direct feature films starring Chris Rock , Adam Sandler , Dave Chappelle and Britney Spears .
After having 2 kids with her husband Mike D of the Beastie Boys she started a career in Network Television and has a popular online web show .
A documentary feature film she is directing about the artist Jean - Michel Basquiat will be released early 2010 .
- IMDb Mini Biography By : Lee Davis
Spouse ( 1 )
Mike D ( 1993 - present ) ( separated ) ( 2 children )
Trivia ( 3 )
Husband is Mike D of the Beastie Boys
Has two sons with Mike D , Davis and Skyler .
Was the original director of the 1994 western movie Bad Girls starring Drew Barrymore and Andie MacDowell among others but got replaced during beginning of the shoot by Jonathan Kaplan .
What is an Annuity and How does it Work ?
Thanks to the recent stock market crash , and the subsequent losses many have seen in their retirement plans , annuities are gaining in popularity .
Annuities are complex , with many subtleties and it can be difficult to figure out exactly what you are being promised .
You will want to visit with a financial professional to review whether an annuity is the right decision for you .
Look for someone whose income does not depend on selling annuities .
We outline below some basics about what is an annuity and how it works so you have a good idea .
Let ’s define annuities
An annuity is a type of investment in which you contract to put in payments for a certain amount of time , or pay one large amount of money .
In return , you will receive payments at regular intervals sometime later down the road .
Usually , these annuities are obtained through insurance companies .
Your contribution is then invested in sub-accounts — usually consisting of stocks and bonds — that generate income for the insurance company ( and sometimes for you as well , depending on how the contract is structured ) .
In most cases , annuities are used as retirement vehicles .
There may even be penalties if you withdraw money from your annuity before you reach a certain age .
Many annuities feature a regular payout that is not affected by market fluctuations .
As a result , many folks are taking their retirement plans and putting them into annuities ; they are worried that a market crash could wipe them out .
An annuity provides stability , as long as the insurance company issuing the annuity remains viable .
There are two main kinds of annuity :
Fixed Variable
As you might guess , the fixed annuity offers a payout that is guaranteed , .
It may be a set dollar amount or a set percentage of the assets in the annuity .
These types of annuities generally pay a rather low rate of return , since they are considered relatively safe .
Variable annuities , on the other hand , offer a possibility of higher returns ( though they are still considered low - yielding investments ) .
With a variable annuity , the rate of return varies , and you can boost your returns .
However , it is important to be careful with these since , unlike with a fixed annuity , your principal is not guaranteed .
There are also hybrid annuities that combine aspects of fixed and variable annuities .
There are some annuities that guarantee that you can withdraw a certain percentage of your initial account value while you live , while at the same time offering the potential for growth with a variable rate of return .
One option is an immediate annuity , in which you turn over a large amount of money in exchange for receiving immediate payouts that last for life .
You might turn over $ 150,000 to $ 200,000 , and be guaranteed $ 850 to $ 1,500 a month .
The actual payments will depend on factors such as your age , and whether or not you have a spouse that would continue receiving payments after you pass .
The older you are when you purchase an immediate annuity , the higher the payout .
Drawbacks to investing in annuities
As with all investments , there are drawbacks to annuities .
One of the biggest drawbacks has to do with the fees .
Even though your account may earn some returns , the fees generally protect the insurance company from having to increase your regular income payout .
The fees associated with annuities can be large .
Annuities are also complex .
Some of them are so convoluted that you may not actually be sure what is truly guaranteed .
This has led to some fairly unpleasant surprises for some retirees .
And , of course , you have to worry about whether or not you get your money ’s worth .
With a lifetime payout , you are guaranteed steady income until you die , but if you die soon after you begin receiving payments , you wo n’t get out what you put in ( not that you ’ll be around to really notice ) .
Favorable tax treatment – consider it part of your asset allocation strategy
One of the upsides to annuities is the fact that many of them ( especially those intended for retirement purposes ) are tax deferred .
This means that you do n’t pay taxes on the gains until you actually start withdrawing money .
Your withdrawals , though , are taxed as regular income .
So it is important to carefully plan out how much to take out , and what it means for your tax bracket .
Another consideration is the estate taxes your heirs will have to pay .
An annuity pays out a death benefit that is equivalent either to the current value of the annuity , or the amount that the buyer has put into it ( whichever is higher ) .
If you die during the accumulation phase , which is while you are paying money into the annuity , the heirs just get that amount .
However , the annuity amount paid to your heirs will be subject to double taxation : Regular income taxes and estate taxes .
Bottom line – Should you invest in one and when ?
Like so many other investments and personal finance decisions , whether an annuity works for you is subject to your individual needs and goals .
You may want to put a small portion of your retirement portfolio into an immediate annuity if a steady cash flow to cover your basic necessities is desired .
In most cases , working through the twists and turns may not be worth the low returns you get .
It is also important to note that annuities can be an integral part of your asset allocation strategy , tax plans and estate plans .
It is best to consult with a financial advisor who is familiar with your particular situation .
Disclaimer : I am not an investment professional .
This should not be construed as investment advice .
All investment carries the risk of loss .
Before investing , do your own research and / or consult with an investment professional .
The poll comes as lawmakers are drafting legislation to regulate the burgeoning industry , a response to legal developments that have left local governments and medical marijuana dispensaries seeking clarity .
However , Attorney General John Suthers , a Republican who has opposed medical marijuana as violating federal law , made little of the poll results .
" It 's easy to say in a vacuum that voters support the type of medical marijuana distribution system that the dispensary owners advocate , but the devil is in the details , " Suthers said .
" Once the voters understand the full extent that the current system is being abused to allow healthy young people to procure marijuana , they will be much less likely to support it . "
The telephone poll of 500 likely Colorado voters asked just one question regarding medical marijuana .
In the survey , which had a margin of error of 4.38 percent , respondents were first told there were " some proposals that voters might be voting on in the election next November . "
Then they were presented with a three - part proposal that included establishing state - licensed medical marijuana dispensaries , allowing communities to limit the number of dispensaries and subject them to zoning , and requiring patients to register with the state while setting limits on the amount of marijuana they can buy .
Finally , they were asked if they would vote yes or no on the proposal .
In fact , medical marijuana advocates said , there is no effort to place any ballot measure before voters in 2010 , and the question was merely an attempt to gauge public sentiment around the issue .
Still , 64 percent of respondents said " yes " to the proposal , with 34 percent saying they would be a " strong yes . "
Snipped
Complete Article : http://www.denverpost.com/headlines/ci_13897915
Source : Denver Post ( CO )
Author : Tim Hoover , The Denver Post
Published : December 1 , 2009
Copyright : 2009 The Denver Post Corp
Website : http://www.denverpost.com/
Contact : openforum@denverpost.com
CannabisNews Medical Marijuana Archives
http://cannabisnews.com/news/list/cannabis.shtml
Les aspects négatifs du lave - vaisselle Avoir un lave - vaisselle est une bénédiction pour ceux et celles qui trouvent que faire Read More
Focus sur le vitrage feuilleté
Le vitrage feuilleté apporte une solution pour les habitations dont les fenêtres sont au Read More
Cultiver son premier potager À l’heure où consommer les produits bio de son propre jardin devient une réalité , Read More
L’aménagement de vos combles
Vous avez une belle surface sous votre toiture , mais vous ne savez pas comment Read More
The best thermal images of Jupiter 's Great Red Spot yet captured have revealed surprising weather and temperature variation within the solar system 's most famous storm .
The darkest red part of the spot turns out to be a warm patch inside the otherwise cold storm .
The temperature variation is slight : " Warm " in this case translates to - 250 degrees Fahrenheit while cold is an even frostier - 256 degrees F .
But even that difference is enough to create intriguing internal dynamics .
" This is our first detailed look inside the biggest storm of the solar system , ” said Jet Propulsion Laboratory astronomer Glenn Orton , who led the new study to be published in Icarus .
“ We once thought the Great Red Spot was a plain old oval without much structure , but these new results show that it is , in fact , extremely complicated . ”
The Red Spot has persisted since at least the late 17th century , when astronomers first saw it .
If you 'd seen it back then , though , you might have been " tempted to call it the great red sausage , " Orton said .
" It 's shrinking slowly . "
Still , it 's the solar system 's longest - lived and largest storm system , wider than three Earths .
Over the past few decades , astronomers had begun to get a handle on the weather patterns around the Great Red Spot , but not inside of it .
Previous measurements have indicated that the spot towered over the surrounding cloud cover , much like supercells on Earth .
Scientists have also noticed that its color changes considerably , but what drives the changes — or the famous ruddy complexion in general — is unclear .
A leading theory was that sulfurous molecules from deep in the Jovian atmosphere were being lofted by the storm , exposing them to ultraviolet radiation that would break them apart .
The newly freed sulfur atoms would then change color and lend the area its distinctive tinge .
But that might not be the case .
This latest work shows a clear correlation between the environmental conditions and color , but does n't help the scientists figure out what chemistry is actually at work , Orton said .
“ This is the first time we can say that there ’s an intimate link between environmental conditions — temperature , winds , pressure and composition — and the actual color of the Great Red Spot , ” Orton 's collaborator , Leigh Fletcher , an Oxford astronomer added .
“ Although we can speculate , we still do n’t know for sure which chemicals or processes are causing that deep red color , but we do know now that it is related to changes in the environmental conditions right in the heart of the storm . ”
The new thermal images were captured by the VISIR instrument on the European Southern Observatory ’s Very Large Telescope in Chile .
Images : 1 . ESO / NASA / JPL / ESA /L. Fletcher 2 . JPL
Citation : " Thermal Structure and Composition of Jupiter ’s Great Red Spot from High - Resolution Thermal Imaging " in * Icarus ( forthcoming ) * .
WiSci 2.0 : Alexis Madrigal 's Twitter , Tumblr , and green tech history research site ; Wired Science on Twitter and Facebook .* *
See Also :
Well , that did n't take long -- Tom Tancredo kicks off the teabagger convention by :
... asserting that Obama was elected because “ we do not have a civics , literacy test before people can vote in this country . ”
... thereby following the first rule of public speaking : know your audience .
I 'm placing these 2o rules someone posted for their group , and I want you to guess which one :
1 . They are voracious in their infoseeking .
If it takes all night long , or weeks , or years , they will look and look till they get what they have been looking for .
2 . Whenever one of their associates or slaves needs something for a mission , Illuminati members make sure this person or persons get the material resources they need to get the job done , whether it be by contributions or whatever .
Even if the person is disliked , all that is necessary is that the person has the skills for the job and the plan be workable .
No whining on forums , no silly speeches , just gets done .
3 . They know how to conserve their resources .
They do not throw out all their chips all in on one go .
4 . They trust their instincts .
5 . If they see an opening , they do not hesitate to take advantage and exploit it .
6 . They do not go into deep dark depressions just because they had one minor setback .
They use everything they have to find out exactly what went wrong , and correct the problem .
7 . They know how to organize themselves .
8 . Among them , concepts of color , sexual orientation , and fame are meaningless .
The goal goes first .
9 . They know what TV is and does - they introduced it , you know !
The goal comes before the TV or any of their other mind control devices , such as video games .
Watching all those hours every day and being " awake " are like matter and anti-matter .
They can not be in the same place at the same time .
10 .
They know to not let anyone take what they have .
If someone tried to CPS their kids there 'd be hell on all involved in trying , even the person who made the call .
Literally .
11 . You can insult them all you want , call them anything , and they do not take it like Joe and Jane Public would .
This is because they have absolutely no pride or morals , but anyone who does with intelligence can easily integrate this into their minds .
12 . They would NEVER , under any circumstances , sell out themselves out by giving their family secrets out to the public for peanuts , like so many of the commoners do by selling out their countries and spying on and black opping their fellow humans .
13 .
In the public eye , wanting a lot of material resources is seen as something to be ashamed of .
It is a damn good thing !
Everyone should have all the material items they need to do everything they need to do , and should feel pride in having the self - love for holding that perspective and moving with it .
This is the mindset the leadership of the Illuminati hold .
14 .
When information is placed before them that is obviously a threat to their well - being , they immediately take action about it and do not go rushing to drown life circumstances in a TV or bag of takeout , even if they do not know precisely what to do at the moment .
15 . Even if all hope seems lost , and the odds are against them , they still keep on working at it 110 % .
16 .
They know the value of building up networks .
17 .
They feel no guilt about defending themselves from legal , physical , or other attacks .
At times I read about people I see acting nice to their agents , saying sorry to them , when it was the agent who had infringed upon their rights .
Never be sorry and apologetic to them .
It 's a clear cut sign of victim mentality and is asking for trouble .
18 . They are flexible , to an extent , and do not work with the controlled by them mainstream science and know the reality and value of homeopathy , energy and herbal healing , and do not hesitate to take full advantage of these using all the resources they have at their disposal .
19 .
They have always understood that they have their livelihood to defend , which is their pyramidal control system and all the luxury that comes with it .
Humanity will learn from this , whether it be gently through information like this article , or the hard way .
Everyone must understand that their livelihoods are also being threatened , and act upon this via exposure of the agenda .
20 .
They know to set aside their petty differences when business needs to be taken care of .
Who wrote this ?
Nobody in the movement .
<<< NEWS FROM THE LAB - Monday , February 8 , 2010 >>>
ARCHIVES | SEARCH worldrofwarcraft.com
Posted by Mikko @ 13:21 GMT
The World of Warcraft online game has over 10 million players around the world .
World of Warcraft also has hundreds of phishing websites targeting it , trying to steal end - user login credentials .
Like these :
The domain names for most of these phishing sites are easy to spot ( wor1dcfwarcraft.com ? give me a break ) , but others are a bit trickier ( worldrofwarcraft.com – yes , there 's an extra " R " ) .
So , why are these accounts being stolen ?
For fun ?
No , they are stolen for the virtual gold and weapons .
A stolen account gets emptied quickly and the goods are put for sale for real money online .
But who would buy virtual goods for a game with real cash ?
Well , based on the amount of sellers , quite a few .
Darryl .
The kind of friend Jesus would have .
While preaching is not allowed in Australian public schools , it is apparently fine to replace school councellors with ' Christian Volunteers ' such as Darryl .
Although usually an advocate of people being entitled to their opinions , sexual preferences and beliefs , I seem to have developed some form of mental glitch that makes me want to punch Daryl 's fat head .
From : David Thorne
Date : Wednesday 10 March 2010 7.12pm
To : Darryl Robinson
Subject : Permission Slip
Dear Darryl , I have received your permission slip featuring what I can only assume is a levitating rabbit about to drop an egg on Jesus .
Thank you for pre-ticking the permission box as this has saved me not only from having to make a choice , but also from having to make my own forty five degree downward stroke followed by a twenty percent longer forty five degree upward stroke .
Without your guidance , I may have drawn a picture of a cactus wearing a hat by mistake .
As I trust my offspring 's ability to separate fact from fantasy , I am happy for him to participate in your indoctrination process on the proviso that all references to ' Jesus ' are replaced with the term ' Purportedly Magic Jew . '
Regards , David .
From : Darryl Robinson
Date : Thursday 11 March 2010 9.18 am
To : David Thorne
Subject : Re : Permission Slip
Hello David
The tick in the box already was a mistake I noticed after printing them all .
I 've seen the play and it's not indoctrinating anyone .
It 's a fun play performed by a great bunch of kids .
You do not have to be religious to enjoy it .
You are welcome to attend if you have any concerns .
Darryl Robinson , School Chaplain
From : David Thorne
Date : Thursday 11 March 2010 11.02am
To : Darryl Robinson
Subject : Re : Re : Permission Slip
Dear Darryl ,
Thank you for the kind offer , being unable to think of anything more exciting than attending your entertaining and fun filled afternoon , I tried harder and thought of about four hundred things .
I was actually in a Bible based play once and played the role of ' Annoyed about having to do this . '
My scene involved offering a potplant , as nobody knew what Myrrh was , to a plastic baby Jesus then standing between ' I forgot my costume so am wearing the teachers poncho ' and ' I do n't feel very well ' .
Highlights of the play included a nervous donkey with diarrhoea causing ' I do n't feel very well ' to vomit onto the back of Mary 's head , and the lighting system , designed to provide a halo effect around the manger , overheating and setting it alight .
The teacher , later criticised for dousing an electrical fire with a bucket of water and endangering the lives of children , left the building in tears and the audience in silence .
We only saw her again briefly when she came to the school to collect her poncho .
Also , your inference that I am without religion is incorrect and I am actually torn between two faiths ; while your god 's promise of eternal life is very persuasive , the Papua New Guinean mud god , Pikkiwoki , is promising a pig and as many coconuts as you can carry .
Regards , David .
From : Darryl Robinson
Date : Thursday 11 March 2010 2.52pm
To : David Thorne
Subject : Re : Re : Re : Permission Slip
Hello David
While it would be a pity for Seb to miss out on the important message of hope that the story of the resurrection gives , if you do n't want him to attend the presentation on Monday then just tick the box that says I do not give my child permission to attend .
Darryl Robinson , School Chaplain
From : David Thorne
Date : Thursday 11 March 2010 5.09am
To : Darryl Robinson
Subject : Re : Re : Re : Re : Permission Slip
Dear Darryl , I understand the importance the resurrection story holds in your particular religion .
If I too knew some guy that had been killed and placed inside a cave with a rock in front of it and I visited the cave to find the rock moved and his body gone , the only logical assumption would be that he had risen from the dead and is the son of God .
Once , my friend Simon was rushed to hospital to have his appendix removed and I visited him the next day to find his bed empty .
I immediately sacrificed a goat and burnt a witch in his name but it turned out that he had not had appendicitis , just needed a good poo , and was at home playing Playstation .
Someone probably should have asked " So the rock has been moved and he 's gone ... has anyone checked his house ? "
I realise Playstation was not around in those days but they probably had the equivalent .
A muddy stick or something .
I would have said " Can someone please check if Jesus is at home playing with his muddy stick , if not , then and only then should we all assume , logically , that he has risen from the dead and is the son of God . "
If we accept though , that Jesus was the son of an Infinite Being capable of anything , he probably did have a Playstation .
Probably a Playstation 7 .
I know I have to get my offspring all the latest gadgets .
God would probably have said to him , " I was going to wait another two thousand years to give you this but seeing as you have been good ... just do n't tell your mother about Grand Theft Auto . "
Also , is it true that Jesus can be stabbed during a sword fight and be ok due to the fact that he can only die if he gets his head chopped off ?
Regards , David .
From : Darryl Robinson
Date : Friday 12 March 2010 10.13am
To : David Thorne
Subject : Re : Re : Re : Re : Re : Permission Slip
Nowhere in the Bible does Jesus have a sword fight .
Learning the teachings of the Bible is not just about religion .
It teaches a set of ethics that are sadly not taught by parents nowadays .
Darryl Robinson , School Chaplain From : David Thorne
Date : Friday 12 March 2010 2.23 pm
To : Darryl Robinson
Subject : Re : Re : Re : Re : Re : Re : Permission Slip
Dear Darryl ,
You raise a valid point and I appreciate you pointing out my failings as a parent .
Practising a system of ethics based on the promise of a reward , in your case an afterlife , is certainly preferable to practising a system of ethics based on it simply being the right thing to do .
Many years ago , I lived next door to a Christian named Mr Stevens .
You could tell he was a Christian because he had a fish sticker on his Datsun .
He used to wave at us kids from his bathroom window on hot summer days as we played in the sprinkler .
I learnt a lot from Mr Stevens .
Mainly about wrestling holds .
The trick is to oil up really well making it hard for the other person to hold you down .
I would often lie on his living room rug looking at the wall pictures of sunsets behind quotes from Psalms while waiting for him to unwrap his legs from around my torso .
Your job would be made much easier if , after making the school children sit through an hour of church youth group teens dancing , singing and re-enacting Jewish magic tricks , you simply told them that it was just a small taste of what hell is like and if they did n't believe in Jesus they would have to sit through it again .
When I was at school , we were forced to attend a similar presentation .
Herded into the gym under the pretence of free chips , we were assaulted with an hour of hippies playing guitars and a dance routine featuring some kind of colourful coat and a lot of looking upwards .
Due to the air - conditioning in the packed gym not working and it being a hot day , the hippie wearing the colourful coat blacked out mid performance and struck his head against the front edge of the stage spraying the first row of cross - legged children with blood .
Unconscious , he also urinated .
There was a bit of screaming and an ambulance involved and everyone agreed it was the best play they had ever seen .
Regards , David .
From : Darryl Robinson
Date : Friday 12 March 2010 2.47pm
To : David Thorne
Subject : Re : Re : Re : Re : Re : Re : Re : Permission Slip
Hello David
I do n't see what any of that has to do with this play .
It 's important for children to have balance in their life and spirituality is as important in a childs life as everything else .
There 's an old saying that life without religion is life without beauty .
Darryl Robinson , School Chaplain
From : David Thorne
Date : Friday 12 March 2010 3.36 pm
To : Darryl Robinson
Subject : Re : Re : Re : Re : Re : Re : Re : Re : Permission Slip
Dear Darryl ,
I agree completely that balance is an important component of a child 's education .
I will assume then that you will also be organising a class excursion to a play depicting the fifteen billion year expansion of the universe from its initial particle soup moments following the big bang through to molecule coalescion , galaxy and planetary formation and eventually life ?
Perhaps your church youth group could put together an interpretive dance routine representing the behaviour of Saturn 's moon Hyperion , shattered by an ancient collision and falling randomly back together , tugged to and fro by the gravitational pull of Titan , sixteen sister moons , the multi-billionfold moonlets of Saturn ’s rings , Saturn ’s gravitational field , companion planets , the variability ’s of Sol , stars , galaxy , neighbouring galaxies ... or possibly not , according to an old saying , there is no beauty in this .
Also , while I understand that the play is to be held outside school grounds , due to the fact that it is illegal to present medieval metaphysic propaganda in public schools , it is also my understanding that you are now required by law , as of last year , to go by the title Christian Volunteer rather than School Chaplain .
A memo you may have missed or filed in your overflowing ' facts that cease to exist when they are ignored ' tray .
Regards , David .
From : Darryl Robinson
Date : Monday 15 March 2010 9.22am
To : David Thorne
Subject : Re : Re : Re : Re : Re : Re : Re : Re : Re : Permission Slip
I 'm not going to waste any more precious time replying to your stupid emails .
If you do n't want your child to attend the play just indicate that on the permission slip .
From : David Thorne
Date : Monday 15 March 2010 11.04am
To : Darryl Robinson
Subject : Re : Re : Re : Re : Re : Re : Re : Re : Re : Re : Permission Slip
From : Darryl Robinson
Date : Monday 15 March 2010 2.11 pm
To : David Thorne
Subject : No Subject
I will pray for you .
From : David Thorne
Date : Monday 15 March 2010 2.19 pm
To : Darryl Robinson
Subject : Re : No Subject
Thanks .
Mention that I want a Toyota Prado if you get the chance .
A white one .
With dark grey leather interior and sat nav .
Regards , David .
From : Darryl Robinson
Date : Tuesday 16 March 2010 9.20 am
To : David Thorne
Subject : Re : Re : No Subject
I 've had enough of your nonsense .
Dont email me again .
From : GOD
Date : Tuesday 16 March 2010 10.18am
To : Darryl Robinson
Subject : Word of God
DARYL , THIS IS GOD .
BUY DAVID A TOYOTA PRADO .
A WHITE ONE .
WITH DARK GREY LEATHER INTERIOR AND SAT NAV .
From : Darryl Robinson
Date : Tuesday 16 March 2010 2.35 pm
To : GOD Cc : David Thorne
Subject : Re : Word of God
I 'm serious .
From : GOD
Date : Tuesday 16 March 2010 2.48 pm
To : Darryl Robinson
Subject : Re : Re : Word of God
OK .
Although Apple ’s Mac computers are selling in record numbers , there is still a ton of misinformation being spread about them .
You have to believe Mac sales would skyrocket even more if the average person figured out those myths are n’t so true after all .
As Mac users , it ’s frustrating to listen to mistruths and unfair prejudices about our computers of choice .
Unfortunately , attempting to set the record straight only gives people more reason to call us crazy .
At some point we ’ve all fought the myths and been accused of being blind cultish followers of Steve Jobs , right ?
No matter how much we try to debunk outdated anti-Mac talking points , some just never go away .
I ca n’t tell you how many times I ’ve heard people say , “ Oh , Macs are nice but I could never get one . ”
Naturally , when I ’ve asked why that is , the same set of excuses come up .
The realization I ’ve come to over time is that the general public is simply uneducated about the benefits and limitations of Apple ’s computers .
They develop assumptions based on what they ’ve heard in casual conversation from friends & family , mainstream publications , and the super - geek down the street who builds his own gaming rigs .
Gathering information from a variety of sources is good , but figuring out who is uninformed or biased is just as important .
Before we get into debunking the common myths surrounding Macs , let me just clarify this article is targeted to the Average Joe who buys a Windows computer for home , school , and casual business use from Dell , HP , or Acer every 3 - 7 years .
Technology enthusiasts and folks who like to tinker with their machines – especially Linux users – are never going to find the plug - and - play nature of Macs appealing .
For just about everyone else , though , Macs are a viable and attractive option for their next computer .
Myth # 1 : Macs are n’t compatible with Microsoft Office
People who work from home or have kids in school need Word , Excel , and PowerPoint .
It ’s a sad truth , but still a truth nonetheless .
Another truth is that Macs can indeed run these programs .
Microsoft makes a Mac version of Office that is fully compatible with its Windows counterpart .
It does n’t matter what kind of computer they ’re created on , Office files will open on both Macs and Windows - based PCs .
Myth # 2 : There is n’t a lot of software for Macs
When I first switched to a Mac I was amazed at how much software was available for it .
First , all Macs come pre-loaded with way more quality applications than any Windows computer .
Programs like Mail , Address Book , iCal , Safari , iChat , iTunes , QuickTime , Preview , TextEdit , Time Machine , the entire iLife suite , and many more are usable right out of the box .
The amount of software available from third party developers is n’t lacking either .
A good portion of it is actually free , and most of the paid ones are reasonably priced .
Bottom line :
If a consumer application exists for Windows , there is either a Mac version or a comparable Mac alternative .
Myth # 3 : Macs wo n’t play nice with my network & other Windows PCs
Not only are Macs compatible with nearly any type of network out there , it ’s extremely easy to connect them too .
The internet will work just fine , as will file sharing between the Mac and Windows computers .
That ’s right , the Mac can see shared files on a Windows machine and a Windows machine can see shared files on a Mac .
What else is there to say ?
Myth # 4 : Macs are more expensive because you ’re just paying for the brand name
The high starting price of Apple ’s computers scares the pants off the average consumer who sees an eMachine at Walmart for $ 399 .
Heck , even the $ 699 Compaq at Best Buy seems like nothing compared to the $ 999 entry level MacBook or $ 1199 MacBook Pro .
The problem with merely comparing sticker prices , though , is that the true value of each machine is not considered .
In other words , you get what you pay for .
Macs are built out of more durable materials , they ’re more energy efficient , they tend to have higher quality components , and the software is far and away better than what Windows offers .
Mac OS
X is the reason to buy a Mac .
The hardware is great too , but it ’s the software that offers the real value .
Lower long - term maintenance costs do n’t hurt either .
For more information about Mac pricing and why the “ Apple tax ” does n’t exist , check out “ Are Macs really worth it ?
Selling points for choosing Mac vs. PC ”
Myth # 5 : Macs are only more secure because they do n’t have any market share
Zero viruses ( that is , self - replicating and spreading viruses ) have affected Mac OS X in the wild since its introduction a decade ago .
This is hard for naysayers to grasp , but it is a fact – not a single virus .
Windows , on the other hand , has been hit with hundreds of thousands of viruses .
Many believe this is because Mac OS X does n’t run on 90 % of the world ’s computers like Windows .
If that is the case , how do viruses exist for versions of Linux which have even smaller market share than Macs ?
How were viruses introduced specifically for Windows 7 when it was still in limited beta testing ?
Nobody can claim Macs are 100 % immune to all security threats , but “ security via obscurity ” is – for lack of a better term – hogwash .
The Mac operating system was built on a more stable and reliable core , which gave it more security from the start .
In the end , less popular platforms have been compromised in the past while Mac OS X is still virus - free .
Myth # 6 : Macs are just for graphics and animation professionals
It ’s true that graphic designers and other creative people prefer to use Macs , but it ’s not because Macs have some magical ability that makes it possible to do that kind of work .
After all , Adobe ’s Creative Suite is available for Windows too .
The reason designers like Macs so much is because they “ make sense . ”
They ’re quality machines and Mac OS X is organized in a way that makes it easy and even pleasurable to use .
In that kind of environment , users can fully immerse themselves in the work to be done rather than worry about the computer itself .
When you think about it , that ’s something everybody should want .
Myth # 7 : Macs do n’t right - click because they only have one mouse button
Back in the day , the one - button mouse was indeed a limitation of Macs .
Today , however , this is no longer true .
Both the Mighty Mouse and the brand new Magic Mouse have touch - sensitive shells that can be configured to click on the left and right sides , among other things .
The same thing can be done for Apple ’s MacBook trackpads .
This approach actually gives users a level of customization that traditional two - button mice cannot offer .
Myth # 8 : Macs are n’t expandable or upgradable
When you buy a laptop from Dell or HP , just about the only things you can upgrade are the RAM and hard drive .
The same components can be upgraded on Apple ’s line of MacBooks and iMacs as well .
And , no , you do not have to buy special Apple memory or drives – standard brands will work .
In most cases , this is as far as the average user would go anyway .
People talk a lot about upgradability , but when 3 - 5 years pass it ’s usually a better idea to go for a whole new computer rather than pump a lot of money into an older one .
The great thing about Macs is they have excellent resell value to help pay for the new one .
Myth # 9 : Macs ca n’t run Windows applications
As long as you have a legal copy of Windows ( which can be taken from the PC that your Mac replaced ) , you can run any Windows program on your Mac .
You can use Mac OS X’s free Boot Camp to natively run Windows or use a virtualization program like Parallels ( $ 79 ) , Fusion ( $ 79 ) , or Virtualbox ( free ) to run Windows within OS X. Consider this :
Apple ’s computers can run both Mac and Windows software flawlessly , while other PCs are limited to only run Windows software .
Myth # 10 : A lot of websites do n’t work on a Mac
A few years ago , it was common to come across websites that only worked in Internet Explorer .
Of course , this was before Firefox , Safari , and other browsers took away significant market share from Microsoft ’s offering .
As a result , this is n’t much of an issue anymore – either Safari or Firefox will get the job done .
If not , Internet Explorer is still available when you run Windows on your Mac .
Myth # 11 : Macs are different and will be hard to learn
The beauty of Mac OS X is that it ’s so much easier to learn and understand than Windows .
The main reason is because it ’s more intuitive .
For people who have never used a computer before , it works just the way they would expect it to .
For Windows switchers , it ’s going to seem weird at first .
It will require unlearning old Windows habits .
Constantly saying “ That ’s not how I ’m used to doing this … ” is going to sour the exciting Mac experience .
The best advice to give anybody who is thinking about switching to a Mac is simply “ have an open mind . ”
In the end , it will all work out .
What are some of the other Mac myths you ’ve heard over the years ?
How do you tell people the truth about Macs to clear up the confusion ?
Science & Exploration
Planck sees tapestry of cold dust
17/03/2010 6055 views 5 likes
Giant filaments of cold dust stretching through our Galaxy are revealed in a new image from ESA ’s Planck satellite .
Analysing these structures could help to determine the forces that shape our Galaxy and trigger star formation .
Planck is principally designed to study the biggest mysteries of cosmology .
How did the Universe form ?
How did the galaxies form ?
This new image extends the range of its investigations into the cold dust structures of our own Galaxy .
The image shows the filamentary structure of dust in the solar neighbourhood – within about 500 light - years of the Sun .
The local filaments are connected to the Milky Way , which is the pink horizontal feature near the bottom of the image .
Here , the emission is coming from much further away , across the disc of our Galaxy .
The image has been colour coded to discern different temperatures of dust .
White - pink tones show dust of a few tens of degrees above absolute zero , whereas the deeper colours are dust at around – 261 °C , only about 12 degrees above absolute zero .
The warmer dust is concentrated into the plane of the Galaxy whereas the dust suspended above and below is cooler .
Planck 's newly imaged region shown in box “ What makes these structures have these particular shapes is not well understood , ” says Jan Tauber , ESA Project Scientist for Planck .
The denser parts are called molecular clouds while the more diffuse parts are ‘ cirrus ’ .
They consist of both dust and gas , although the gas does not show up directly in this image .
There are many forces at work in the Galaxy to help shape the molecular clouds and cirrus into these filamentary patterns .
For example , on large scales the Galaxy rotates , creating spiral patterns of stars , dust , and gas .
Gravity exerts an important influence , pulling on the dust and gas .
Radiation and particle jets from stars push the dust and gas around , and magnetic fields also play a role , although to what extent is presently unclear .
Bright spots in the image are dense clumps of matter where star formation may take place .
As the clumps shrink , they become denser and better at shielding their interiors from light and other radiation .
This allows them to cool more easily and collapse faster .
Filamentary structures on large and small scales in the Milky Way ESA ’s Herschel space telescope can be used to study such regions in detail , but only Planck can find them all over the sky .
Launched together in May 2009 , Planck and Herschel are both studying the coolest components of the Universe .
Planck looks at large structures , while Herschel can make detailed observations of smaller structures , such as nearby star - forming regions .
One puzzle to be solved is why there is similar filamentary structure on both the large and the small scale .
“ That ’s a big question , ” says Tauber .
The new image is a combination of data taken with Planck ’s High Frequency Instrument ( HFI ) , at wavelengths of 540 micrometres and 350 micrometres , and a 100 - micrometre image taken in 1983 with the IRAS satellite .
The HFI data were recorded as part of Planck ’s first all - sky survey at microwave wavelengths .
As the spacecraft rotates , its instruments sweep across the sky .
During every rotation , they cross the Milky Way twice .
Thus , in the course of Planck ’s mission to precisely map the afterglow of the big bang , it is also producing exquisite maps of the Galaxy .
For more information Jan Tauber , Planck Project Scientist
European Space Agency
Email : Jan. Tauber @ esa.int
ST . FRANCIS , Wis. — Steven Geier says that four times in the mid-1960s , the Rev. Lawrence Murphy coaxed the then - 14 - year - old student into a closet at St. John 's School for the Deaf just outside Milwaukee and molested him , using God to justify his actions .
Geier said when he told Murphy what was happening was wrong , the priest replied , " Oh , yes .
God sent me .
This is confession . "
Geier , now 59 and living in Madison , was one of about 200 deaf boys at the school who say they were molested by the late priest decades ago in a case now creating a scandal for the Vatican and threatening to ensnare Pope Benedict XVI .
" Father Murphy put everything into the context of God , " Geier said through a sign - language interpreter Thursday .
" I felt like I was really brainwashed . "
Some allegations became public years ago .
But they received renewed attention this week after documents obtained by The New York Times showed Murphy was spared a defrocking in the mid-1990s because he was protected by the Vatican office led by Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger , now the pope .
The Vatican on Thursday strongly defended its decision not to defrock Murphy and denounced what it called a campaign to smear the pope and his aides .
In recent weeks , Benedict also has come under fire over his handling of an abuse case against a priest in Germany three decades ago when he was a cardinal in charge of the Munich Archdiocese .
In the Milwaukee - area case , Murphy was accused of molesting boys in the confessional , in dormitories , in closets and during field trips while working at the school for the deaf from the 1950s through 1974 .
Murphy died in 1998 at age 72 .
Geier shook his fist in anger as he talked to The Associated Press about Murphy .
" I can't believe ( the pope ) can be so stupid , " Geier said .
" He is supposed to be doing God 's work and yet abusing children is in direct conflict with that .
...
Where is God 's punishment for Father Murphy abusing all those boys ?
Is that kind of behavior acceptable to God ? "
Arthur Budzinski , 61 , said Murphy began abusing him in the early 1960s when , at the age of 12 , he asked Murphy to hear his confession .
Instead , Budzinski said , the priest took him into a closet under the stairs and sexually assaulted him .
There were two other assaults in Murphy 's bedroom and Budzinski's bed in his dormitory room , he said .
" It seemed like my father would be walking into a trap every time , " said Gigi Budzinski , his 26 - year - old daughter who interpreted his sign language .
This pandemic has got people staying in their homes , isolated , quarantined .
They are n't allowed to go outside to even do the grocery shopping unless the last resort to survive , let alone party .
All of these fac ...
Source : Sandra Stith , 785-532-4377 , sstith@k-state.edu
http://www.k-state.edu/media/mediaguide/bios/stithbio.html
News release prepared by : Erinn Barcomb - Peterson , 785-532-6415 , ebarcomb@k-state.edu
Friday , Feb. 12 , 2010
K-STATE EXPERT SAYS MALE COLLEGE STUDENTS ALSO VICTIMS OF VIOLENCE AT GIRLFRIENDS ' HANDS ; VIOLENCE AMONG COLLEGE COUPLES OFTEN INVOLVES MUTUAL PUSHING , SHOVING
MANHATTAN --
Thinking about a typical victim of college dating violence , you 're probably imagining her , not him .
Researchers often think the same way , according to a Kansas State University expert on intimate partner violence .
Sandra Stith , a professor of family studies and human services , said most research has looked at men as offenders and women as victims .
" In the research on college students in particular , we 're finding both men and women can be perpetrators , " she said .
" In our growing - up years , we teach boys not hit their sister , but we do n't teach girls not to hit their brother . "
She and a K - State research team are looking at the impact that being a victim of violence has on male versus female college students in heterosexual relationships .
" Most research shows female victims having higher levels of depression , anxiety and school problems than nonvictims , " Stith said .
" Our research indicates that both male and female college students are being victims of violence , and we want to see how it affects both . "
In 2008 , Stith and her former student at Virginia Tech , Colleen Baker , published research in the Journal of Aggression , Maltreatment and Trauma that found the biggest predictor of whether male and female college students would use violence against a partner was whether the partner was violent toward them .
" It 's a dramatically more important factor than anything else , " Stith said .
" If your girlfriend hits you , that dramatically increases the likelihood that you 're going to hit her , and vice versa . "
In general , Stith said there are lower levels of violence among college couples than among married or cohabiting couples , and the violence is more likely to involve shoving and pushing by both men and women .
" Previous research indicates that as young people grow up , the violence may become less frequent or severe or it may be eliminated , " Stith said .
" Sometimes it 's about immaturity . "
Although alcohol is often a factor in violence among older couples who are married or in long - term relationships , Stith said drinking -- particularly binge drinking -- plays a big part in college student violence .
Other factors include a lack of anger management skills and having grown up with parents who are violent with one another .
" When students get angry with their boyfriend or girlfriend , violence sometimes seems to be the normal thing to do , " she said .
Stith said when researching alcohol problems , she found that college students often had different standards for themselves when it came to what constitutes a drinking problem .
Whereas they see themselves as just partying and participating in normal college life , they would say an older , professional adult behaving the same way has a problem with alcohol .
" I think they might be normalizing their aggressive behaviors , too , " she said .
" They may think that when they 're drinking and get angry and she slaps him and he grabs her , that it 's not domestic violence .
They may think that domestic violence is what happens in married people 's lives . "
Stith said one of her basic philosophies is that society needs to work toward ending all violence , not just male violence .
" We need to address female violence , too , " she said .
" We need to say that when you 're in a relationship with someone you care about , you do n't hit and you do n't kick . "
Stith 's research team that is looking at the impacts of dating violence includes the following family studies and human services students and researchers : Yvonne Amanor - Boadu , post - doctoral research assistant ; Marjorie Strachman Miller , doctoral student ; Josh Cook and Michelle Gorzek , master 's students ; and Lauren Allen , a junior from Olathe and a 2007 graduate of Olathe Northwest High School .
An airline passenger ate his € 10,000 winning scratch card after he was told he could not claim the money immediately , it emerged today .
The unnamed man was flying with Ryanair from Krakow in Poland to East Midlands Airport in Britain when he won € 10,000 with the scratch card .
Crew on board the flight confirmed he had won the prize but told the passenger he would have to collect the jackpot directly from the company that runs the competition as it was such a large sum .
Ryanair said the man then became frustrated and started to eat his winning ticket , ruling out any chance he had of claiming the prize money which will now be donated to charity .
Stephen McNamara , a spokesman for Ryanair , said : “ Passengers have always been delighted to claim their large cash prizes after returning home .
“ Unfortunately our latest winner felt that we should have his € 10,000 prize kicking around on the aircraft . ”
The airline asking people to vote online to decide which charity should recieve the money .
Voting will take place until March 5th .
PA
Iran is experiencing increased economic malaise due to domestic mismanagement and foreign policy adventurism .
Its dire situation fuels both a budding populist revolution and attempts to end longstanding isolation .
In early January , the worsening economy forced President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , who has been in office since June 2005 , to compromise with a hostile parliament and Guardian Council over reforming subsidies .
Those subsidies had lowered consumer prices on food and fuel but cost more than 20 percent of gross domestic product ( GDP ) because much is imported .
But state assistance to the populace is only the tip of an economic meltdown .
Iran 's population grew steadily from 68 million in 2005 to 74 million in 2009 and will keep growing at an average rate of 1.3 percent going forward .
It now ranks among the top 20 most populous nations , and its labor force increases by 4 percent annually .
But , employment opportunities have not kept pace due to industrial stagnation .
As a result , unemployment has become a major impediment to social stability , rising from 10.3 percent in 2005 to 12.5 percent in 2009 and projected at 15 percent for 2010 .
Unlike other Third World countries , exporting labor has not proven successful due to foreign qualms of Shiite militantism .
Unemployment is most prevalent among the rebellious youth who make up 50 percent of the population .
Different from much of the rest of the Middle East , over 60 percent of Iranian university students are women .
Yet , after graduation , 50 percent of women fail to find steady employment .
So Iran ranks among the bottom 3 percent of the world 's nations when it comes to women 's economic activity .
GDP growth dropped from 4.7 percent in 2005 to 1.5 percent last year , more due to failed policies than the global economic crisis .
GDP per capita purchasing power parity climbed from the equivalent of U.S. $ 9300 in 2005 to $ 11200 in 2009 .
But inflation has remained in double digits for the past half decade .
Last year inflation peaked at 25.6 percent , placing Iran among the most - affected 4 percent of nations .
Food and fuel costs rose by 13.8 percent despite state interventions while housing and utilities climbed 16.3 percent .
The consumer price index has gone up from 10.4 five years ago to over 12.0 percent recently .
Another double digit boost in consumer prices is expected over the next 12 months , causing per capita income to fall seriously behind the cost of living .
Disgruntled citizens increasingly envy their Persian Gulf neighbors .
Unlike the United Arab Emirates just 200 miles to its south , economic freedom is nonexistent in Iran .
Country measures of economic freedom regularly place Iran near the bottom .
Essentially , the political and regulatory environments are n't conducive to free - market activities .
Corruption has become rampant as economic opportunities have declined .
Iran currently ranks 142nd out of 180 countries where the prevalence of graft is measured .
Current political turmoil there makes it unlikely that corruption will decline any time soon , especially as the 2009 presidential election is thought by many to have been rigged for Ahmadinejad .
Market confidence continues to fall as quasi- state institutions like the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps ( IRGC ) take over banking , utilities , communications , and construction in the private sector .
Not surprisingly , Iranians ' prosperity declined swiftly during 2009 from the 30th percentile to the 10th percentile among the world 's poorest nations .
Middle class women peddle smuggled foreign clothing , jewelry , and cosmetics to make ends meet for their families .
Now approximately 10 percent of Iranians live below the poverty line .
All this despite Iran ranking near the top worldwide in terms of oil and gas reserves .
The Central Bank 's executive director , Mahmoud Reza Khavari , acknowledges the government is incapable of meeting its commitments to other financial institutions .
During the recent global recession , Iran 's assets in foreign banks decreased by 12 percent to $ 77.8 billion .
Moreover , the current account balance is expected to fall to less than 3 percent of GDP by 2013 even in the absence of additional economic failures and embargoes .
Much - needed comprehensive reform is unlikely , however , under that failed state 's current leadership .
Rather than tackle the financial conditions that decimated Iran 's economy over the past five years , the Iranian Central Bank aims to omit 3 to 4 zeros from Iran 's rial or currency during 2010 in an attempt to lower inflation to around 11 percent .
Official failure to address internal problems coupled with U.N. sanctions is likely to ensure that foreign investment in hard currencies , which was a scanty $ 3 billion last year , will not rise much .
In response to deteriorating relations with the U.S. , Ahmadinejad has long - sought , unsuccessfully , to convince members of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries ( OPEC ) to peg oil 's value to a basket of currencies other than the U.S. dollar .
He is also championing - with little success - conversion of cash reserves into currencies other than the U.S. dollar in response to U.S. - led attempts at reigning in Iran 's militancy .
Despite years spent seeking an enhanced role in global markets , Iran 's net foreign trade value remains under $ 50 billion .
European Union member states , especially France and Germany , remain Iran 's largest trading bloc - with transactions worth over $ 36 billion despite international sanctions .
Trade remains a modest $ 9 billion with China and $ 2 billion with Russia .
So , Iranian companies are desperately seeking international economic cooperation to boost bilateral trade and resource exploitation with South Asian , Middle Eastern , and African entrepreneurs .
More ominously , the IRGC seeks cash through arms sales to Syria , Venezuela , and Bolivia in violation of U.N. sanctions .
Iran 's government is attempting to break through U.S. - led sanctions on oil and gas by laying pipelines to Armenia , Turkmenistan , and India .
Additionally , Tehran and Caracas have reached agreement to supply Iran with 20,000 barrels of refined Venezuelan gasoline per day .
At home , dozens of new petrochemical facilities are planned to provide self - sufficiency , as is a new gas distribution grid - the latter with German assistance .
Ahmadinejad 's administration also seeks to circumvent U.S. Treasury imposed banking restrictions through partnerships with financial institutions in Central Asian and Latin American nations .
Iran is not doing all this merely to vex the U.S. ; it truly is in dire straits .
Despite these measures , in the absence of sweeping and sustained restructuring , Iran cannot bear the significant costs of its leaders ' self indulgence , mismanagement , international expansionism , investment in terrorism , and pursuit of nuclear weapons without the serious risk of total economic collapse .
Yet it is optimistic to suggest , as did the U.S. 2009 Annual Treat Assessment that " declining revenues may put the squeeze on the adventurism of producers like Iran . "
Internal despotism , foreign policy , and nuclear power have less to do with economic realities than with quests for personal fortune , nationalist ideals , and global influence .
Iran 's citizens may very well succeed in ousting the bankrupt despots .
But they will need astute , judicious , new leaders to truly reform and globalize their economy - and none have emerged as yet .
Revealed :
The amazing moment a shell is blasted from 5 - inch warship cannon
This is the amazing moment a shell is captured on camera as it is blasted from the 5 - inch cannon of a warship .
A ball of white and black smoke erupts from the gun barrel as the shell races towards its target .
The incredible moment was captured by Andrew Dakin on board the HMAS Anzac as it took part in training exercises off the coast of eastern Australia .
Incoming :
The moment a 5 - inch cannon on board HMAS Anzac was fired during a training exercise was captured by Andrew Dakin
It is thought the photographer managed to take the spectacular shot using an ultra-high ISO and shutter speed setting combined with a fast F2.8 lens .
The ship 's 5 - inch cannon is capable of firing up to 20 rounds a minute and was used to support the British - led assault on Al - Faw in Iraq in 2003 .
The Royal Australian Navy Fleet is currently conducting a Concentration Period in the vicinity of Jervis Bay and in waters off Newcastle and Eden on the New South Wales coast .
It includes mine warfare and clearance training as well as amphibious landing exercises .
Tzipi Livni cancelled her trip to Britain last month after an arrest warrant was issued against her
The Israeli military has called off a visit by IDF officers to the UK over fears that they could face possible war crimes charges .
Israeli officials reportedly feared possible arrest warrants over Israeli military operations in Palestinian territories .
They said the cancellation was made after British authorities could not guarantee their officers would not be arrested .
The Israel Defence Force declined to comment .
Last month , an arrest warrant was issued in London against Israeli politician Tzipi Livni , who was foreign minister during last year 's Gaza war .
The warrant was withdrawn after Ms Livni cancelled her trip .
PA
Bloons Super Monkey
Ninja Kiwi , the software company that has made the immensely successful Bloons series , is back with a very well made action game that ’s sure to please people who love the puzzle solving madness of Bloons and the fast paced arcade action of 1941 or R - Type .
Bloons Super Monkey starts with a simple enough concept .
You are told how many bloons you have to pop .
This is the minimum number you need to proceed in the game .
If you fail to make this many , the game will end .
If you attain the goal , you will make the bronze level , and you will earn a 10 % bonus to your score , as well as getting another benchmark , which will be the number you need for the silver level .
Earning the silver level is worth a 20 % bonus and you ’ll get one last goal .
Get the third goal and you ’ll earn the gold level , and an amazing 50 % bonus to your score .
Those points can rack up quickly when you are dealing with thousands of bloons .
You control the Bloons Super Monkey who has an unlimited supply of ammo and it ’s a good thing because those bloons are on the warpath !
Initially starting with red and blue balloons , requiring only 1 or 2 hits , as you progress through 15 levels of blazing action , you ’ll see bloons of many different colors , requiring more and more hits , including the incredibly tough to destroy metallic balloons .
Fortunately , as you pop these bloons , you will pick up power blops , which you can use to upgrade your darts , earn missiles and plasma beams and show those bloons who ’s boss !
In conclusion , If you like fast paced action , and have enjoyed the incredibly successful Bloons series , you will absolutely love Bloons Super Monkey .
It ’s that addictive and fun to play .
You might find two hours pass you by before you even notice that you ’re hooked on it .
Play Bloons Super Monkey >>
This guy goes around saving stray dogs , they are scared to death and he has an amazing way of calming them down and bonding with them , they trust him , really nice to watch .
You can donate to help pay for the vet 's bills here :
Enjoy , and I know many of you will have a tear in your eye at the end :)
If you tweet for a theatre , orchestra or museum , you probably do so in part to boost event attendance .
If you are like most of these organizations your tweets probably look something like this : “ XYZ Theatre opens really cool play on Saturday , get your tickets now ! ”
How ’s that working out for you ?
That ’s what I thought .
Luckily , there is another way .
But first , humor me a moment .
1. Figure out who Nathan Fillion is .
( most sci-fi and Joss Whedon fans can skip this step . )
2. Follow Nathan Fillion on Twitter .
3. Read what he has to say .
Here ’s why this is important to you and your empty seats .
Nathan is doing a newish TV show called Castle .
Castle is basically a cop show .
Nathan Fillion fans love him–but they do n’t really watch cop shows –they are into ( primarily ) sci-fi .
But thanks to Nathan and , in part , his twitter stream those fans are watching , and enjoying , Castle .
How does this work ?
Go back to his twitter feed .
Notice how he never says “ Be sure to watch Castle on ABC Monday Night . ”
Instead he :
gives insider information about the show
tweets from a personal perspective
promotes his friends and associates
is funny
uses inside jokes / references so his followers feel like they are in on the joke ( if you are n’t a Fillion / Firefly / Whedon fan you will have to take my word on this one . )
What does this mean for you ?
Using twitter to promote a TV show is n’t unlike using it to promote a play or concert–you just need someone who is reasonably entertaining and preferably at least somewhat well known ( among your target market ) to start tweeting .
You ’ll be surprised at how much more engaged your people become .
Need an example a little closer to home ?
Dale Fisher at the Saint Louis Symphony Orchestra uses some of these techniques with good results .
Do you think your favorite arts organization has this down ?
Tell us how to follow in the comments and we ’ll check it out !
Posted : 09:40 AM ET
Apple plans to release a new iPhone this year that could operate using Verizon , Sprint and some smaller carriers , according to a Wall Street Journal report Tuesday .
The move , if it happens , would be a big shift from the current iPhone , which only works in the U.S. with AT&T - a sore point for some users .
The paper cited " people briefed by the company . "
Spokespeople for Apple , Verizon and Vodaphone Group , an international carrier , refused to comment , according to the Journal .
An AT&T spokesman said there has been lots of incorrect speculation about an iPhone that runs CDMA , a wireless network used by Verizon , Sprint and others .
" We have n't seen one yet and only Apple knows when that might occur , " the spokesman told the paper .
Apple did not immediately return a message from CNN.com Tuesday seeking comment .
Apple has had an exclusive relationship with AT&T in the United States since 2007 .
The unnamed sources also told the Journal what 's considered an open secret in tech circles - that Apple will separately release a new version of its current iPhone this summer .
The new phone will be thinner and have a faster processor , two souces reportedly told the Journal .
Speculation that Apple would expand the iPhone to other wireless carriers has abounded for months .
Many reports , citing Apple sources , have said such a move was coming .
But the Journal report sent Apple stock soaring Tuesday morning .
The stock , which already closed at a record $ 232.39 , jumped as much as 6.41 points ( 2.75 percent ) in after - hours trading .
One source said the non-AT&T iPhones will begin production in September , while others said the schedule is still up in the air .
Posted by : Doug Gross -- CNN.com producer
Filed under : iPhone  smartphones
Once again we must ponder the question " how much money is enough ? " , inspired by reports that Sting accepted between £ 1 m and £ 2 m to perform for the glory of the brutal despotic regime in Uzbekistan .
The services of Sting - whose personal fortune is estimated well north of £ 150 m - were engaged by Gulnara Karimova , the daughter and anointed heir of dictator Islam Karimov .
To explore Islam Karimov 's human rights record in full would take too long : suffice to say he is condemned approximately every 10 minutes by organisations from the UN to Amnesty , accused of such delights as boiling his enemies , slaughtering his poverty - stricken people when they protest , and conscripting armies of children for slave labour .
Oh , and the Aral Sea on which his country sits - once the world 's fourth biggest lake - has lost 80 % of its volume , partly as a result of Karimov siphoning it off to intensively irrigate his remote desert cotton fields .
Whether he is a perfect fit for self - styled eco-warrior and humanitarian Sting is a matter for you to decide : what is beyond dispute is that in October , the former Police frontman agreed to travel to Tashkent and effectively headline Gulnara Karimova 's alleged arts festival .
Unfortunately , people have now found out about the jaunt , and so many of them have misunderstood the reasoning behind it as financially motivated that Sting has been forced to issue a statement .
" I played in Uzbekistan a few months ago , " he begins .
" The concert was organized by the president 's daughter and I believe sponsored by Unicef . "
You can believe it all you like , Sting , but it 's absolute cobblers - Lost in Showbiz has checked it out with Unicef , who tactfully describe themselves as " quite surprised " by your claim .
" I supported wholeheartedly the cultural boycott of South Africa under the apartheid regime , " Sting continues , in response to those who wonder why he did not refuse the invitation , " because it was a special case and specifically targeted the younger demographic of the ruling white middle class . "
Chop - logic , sir !
But go on .
" I am well aware of the Uzbek president 's appalling reputation in the field of human rights as well as the environment .
I made the decision to play there in spite of that .
I have come to believe that cultural boycotts are not only pointless gestures , they are counter - productive , where proscribed states are further robbed of the open commerce of ideas and art and as a result become even more closed , paranoid and insular . "
Mm .
Even if you accept Sting 's live performances as " ideas and art " , you can't really help but question this notion of " open commerce " , considering the tickets for his concert cost more than 45 times the average monthly salary in Uzbekistan .
45 times !
As for his distaste for the regime , the picture above shows Sting being repulsed by it all at a fashion show during the " cultural " week , which also seems to have served as a vehicle for promoting Gulnara Karimova 's jewellery range for stratospherically expensive Swiss firm Chopard .
She 's the one sitting right next to him .
" I seriously doubt whether the President of Uzbekistan cares in the slightest whether artists like myself come to play in his country , " concludes Sting .
" He is hermetically sealed in his own medieval , tyrannical mindset . "
You will note that Sting conspicuously declines to deflect the heat by stating that he donated all or indeed any of his monstrous fee to charity .
And I could go on - but at this point it feels right to hand over to former British ambassador to Uzbekistan Craig Murray .
" This really is transparent bollocks , " observes Murray on his blog .
" He did not take a guitar and jam around the parks of Tashkent .
He got paid over a million pounds to play an event specifically designed to glorify a barbarous regime .
Is the man completely mad ?
" Why does he think it was worth over a million quid to the regime to hear him warble a few notes ?
" I agree with him that cultural isolation does not help .
I am often asked about the morality of going to Uzbekistan , and I always answer - go , mix with ordinary people , tell them about other ways of life , avoid state owned establishments and official tours .
What Sting did was the opposite .
To invoke Unicef as a cover , sat next to a woman who has made hundreds of millions from state forced child labour in the cotton fields , is pretty sick . "
Well quite .
And yet , to misquote his worship , I seriously doubt whether Sting cares in the slightest whether shmucks like Craig and us question his probity .
He is hermetically sealed in his own self - righteous mindset .
Still , him accepting a wedge from despots , Trudie making films for Tesco - it must be said that the House of Sumner has moved into a most intriguing era of late , and we shall redouble the focus on its activities .
I remember before we had children .
Those were the days when “ sleeping in ” meant past 7 a.m .
We could see movies at the theater without the hassle of lining up sitters .
We could skip town and not suffer massive guilt and depression about leaving the children behind .
Things were very different back then .
And , as anyone who ’s experienced the joy of having a baby can tell you , it never goes back to the way it was before .
Thank God .
Life is forever changed .
It takes a few days to realize that and longer to adjust to it , but the truth is , once children come into your life , you have to accept a new norm .
This economy is our new baby .
It was a painful birth , not without its complications , but what we have now is not going away .
It will change and adapt , just as children do , but we will never go back to the economy of 10 years ago .
Frankly , we should n’t .
It was n’t based in reality .
I spoke with a long - time commercial real estate agent from Grand Rapids some weeks ago , and , in passing the now - customary business greetings of “ How are you doing ?
Things looking up ? ” he shared with me that he has now accepted these economic conditions as the “ new norm . ”
In other words , he ’s stopped waiting for things to get better .
This is what it is .
If this were the economy you were handed , how would your business change ?
What would you invest in ?
What would you walk away from ?
If you had no reason to hope that some metaphorical bottom had been hit and all days following would be spent growing back to a peak level of some past glorious year , what would you do differently ?
Do it .
Nothing ’s going to get better without innovation on your part .
You wo n’t realize new sales if you do n’t tap new markets .
We can talk about pent - up demand , businesses sitting on their hands for two years until time forces them to invest in new construction or better furniture or upgraded Web sites .
But implicit in that theory is the idea that the demand of yesteryear still exists out there somewhere .
We still harbor the hope we will return to the economic norm of the ’90s .
It ’s time to move on .
The pent - up demand is real — we are driving autos that are older than ever before in American history , and people will buy new cars this year .
Many companies in West Michigan expect to grow in 2010 , and they may need more room .
Those new workers may need new computers or new office furniture .
Things will improve slightly , gradually , but we will not return to the luxe days of lavish corporate holiday parties or inflated salaries that make summer homes affordable for the middle class .
Not every worker will be able to afford a new car every two years .
Businesses will stop competing on the size and grandeur of their lobby or corporate headquarters .
The new norm in the new Michigan will support small , innovative businesses that scrap for every win and encourage an entrepreneurial , not patriarchal , corporate culture .
Leadership styles will change , methods of showing employee appreciation will change , the very brick and mortar of business will change .
Starting now .
B. Candace Beeke , editor of Business Review West Michigan , writes a weekly column for the Kalamazoo Gazette .
Contact her at candaceb@mbusinessreview.com .
Google has received federal approval to buy and sell energy on the open market , giving it more options for the way it powers its data centers and opening the door to a potential move into the energy - trading business .
Google applied for the authorization last December through a wholly owned subsidiary called Google Energy .
The U.S. Federal Energy Regulatory Commission ( FERC ) approved its application Thursday , granting Google " market - based rate authorization , " or the authority to buy and sell energy on a wholesale basis .
" We made this filing so we can have more flexibility in procuring power for Google 's own operations , including our data centers , " Google spokeswoman Niki Fenwick said via e-mail .
Data centers are big consumers of energy and Google operates several large facilities around the world -- it has n't disclosed exactly how many .
That makes ensuring a steady supply of affordable energy critical to running its business .
Google has also said it is committed to being " carbon neutral , " in part by using as much renewable energy , such as solar and wind power , as possible .
" FERC authority will improve our ability to hedge our purchases of energy and incorporate renewables into our energy portfolio , " Fenwick said .
She declined to elaborate , but the company told the Wall Street Journal last month that FERC approval would allow it to approach producers of renewable energy directly to buy power for its operations .
The authorization also raises the prospect that Google may start to buy and sell energy as a business .
Its application asked that Google Energy be able to " act as a power marketer , purchasing electricity and reselling it to wholesale customers . "
Google did n't respond to a question about that Thursday .
Fenwick told the Journal last month that the company has " no plans " to become an energy trader or to sell energy services , but she also acknowledged that the company was " not sure " how it planned to proceed .
FERC 's notice shows that the California Public Utilities Commission filed a motion to intervene in the application .
It was unclear what concerns the Commission had , if any , and a Commission spokesman could not immediately comment .
The approval is effective Feb. 23 , as Google requested .
The company told FERC it does not own or control any wholesale electrical generation or transmission facilities , so the agency determined that Google does not have " market power " or the ability to create barriers to entry .
Impossible Lamp by Jeeves Basu .
Switch on a lamp made of wax and it should melt and disintegrate in seconds .
But due to the unique way it has been designed , the Impossible Lamp does not .
It is a lamp made of wax that works without melting .
Impossible Lamp by Jeeves Basu from jeeves basu on Vimeo .
Charlemagne was also known as :
Charles I , Charles the Great ( in French , Charlemagne ; in German , Karl der Grosse ; in Latin , Carolus Magnus )
Charlemagne 's titles included :
King of the Franks , King of the Lombards ; also generally considered the first Holy Roman Emperor
Charlemagne was noted for :
Consolidating a large portion of Europe under his rule , promoting learning , and instituting innovative administrative concepts .
Occupations :
Military Leader
King & Emperor
Places of Residence and Influence :
Europe
France
Important Dates :
Born : April 2 , c. 742
Crowned Emperor : Dec. 25 , 800
Died : Jan. 28 , 814
Quote Attributed to Charlemagne :
To have another language is to possess a second soul .
About Charlemagne :
Charlemagne was the grandson of Charles Martel and the son of Pippin III .
When Pippin died , the kingdom was divided between Charlemagne and his brother Carloman .
King Charlemagne proved himself a capable leader from early on , but his brother was less so , and there was some friction between them until Carloman 's death in 771 .
Once King , Charlemagne had sole rule of the government of Francia , he expanded his territory through conquest .
He conquered the Lombards in northern Italy , acquired Bavaria , and campaigned in Spain and Hungary .
Charlemagne used harsh measures in subduing the Saxons and virtually exterminating the Avars .
Though he had essentially amassed an empire , he did not style himself " emperor , " but called himself the King of the Franks and Lombards .
King Charlemagne was an able administrator , and he delegated authority over his conquered provinces to Frankish nobles .
At the same time , he recognized the diverse ethnic groups he had brought together under his dominion , and allowed each to retain its own local laws .
To ensure justice , Charlemagne had these laws set down in writing and strictly enforced .
He also issued capitularies that applied to all citizens .
Charlemagne kept an eye on events in his empire through the use of missi dominici , representatives who acted with his authority .
Though never able to master reading and writing himself , Charlemagne was an enthusiastic patron of learning .
He attracted noted scholars to his court , including Alcuin , who became his private tutor , and Einhard , who would be his biographer .
Charlemagne reformed the palace school and set up monastic schools throughout the empire .
The monasteries he sponsored preserved and copied ancient books .
The flowering of learning under Charlemagne 's patronage has come to be known as the " Carolingian Renaissance . "
In 800 , Charlemagne came to the aid of Pope Leo III , who had been attacked in the streets of Rome .
He went to Rome to restore order and , after Leo purged himself of the charges against him , he was unexpectedly crowned emperor .
Charlemagne was n't pleased with this development , because it established the precedent of papal ascendancy over secular leadership , but though he still often referred to himself as a king he now also styled himself " Emperor , " as well .
There is some disagreement as to whether or not Charlemagne was really the first Holy Roman Emperor .
Although he did not use any title that directly translates as such , he did use the title imperator Romanum ( " emperor of Rome " ) and in some correspondence styled himself deo coronatus ( " Crowned by God " ) , as per his coronation by the pope .
This appears to be enough for most scholars to allow Charlemagne 's hold on the title to stand , especially since Otto I , whose reign is generally considered to be the true beginning of the Holy Roman Empire , never used the title either .
The territory Charlemagne governed is not considered the Holy Roman Empire but is instead named the Carolingian Empire after him .
It would later form the basis of the territory scholars would call the Holy Roman Empire , although that term ( in Latin , sacrum Romanum imperium ) was also seldom in use during the Middle Ages , and never used at all until the mid-thirteenth century .
All pedantry aside , Charlemagne 's achievements stand among the most significant of the early Middle Ages , and although the empire he built would not long outlast his son Louis I , his consolidation of lands marked a watershed in the development of Europe .
Charlemagne died in January , 814 .
www.replacementwindowsraleigh.net
This domain is registered for one of our customers .
If this is your domain name , please visit this page to see how to register it as DNS zone into your account .
Note :
If you already have registered the DNS zone for your domain name , please wait for DNS propagation .
Your web site will be displayed soon .
It may take few minutes .
* Do you know what the DNS A record is ?
Suggested article from our blog :
What is DNS A record ?
DNS A record definition :
The Address Record ( A record ) is the most used DNS record out there .
It has the job to point a domain or subdomain to an IP address ( IPv4 ) .
When people write down a domain name , the query will search for an A record and inside it , the IP address of the domain .
Creating an A record is simple :
Put the host like example.com
Provide the IP address , where the record must lead
Do you know how to add an A record ?
We have a nice tutorial for you here !
The DNS A record is among the basic types of DNS records .
An important note now .
You need to think about that an A record point only to IP v4 address .
If you need to point to IP v6 address , you will need an AAAA record .
A record VS CNAME record
Building on their previous work delivering cancer drugs with nanoparticles , MIT and Harvard researchers have turned their attention to cardiovascular disease , designing new particles that can cling to damaged artery walls and slowly release medicine .
The particles , dubbed “ nanoburrs , ” are coated with tiny protein fragments that allow them to stick to damaged arterial walls .
Once stuck , they can release drugs such paclitaxel , which inhibits cell division and helps prevent growth of scar tissue that can clog arteries .
“ This is a very exciting example of nanotechnology and cell targeting in action that I hope will have broad ramifications , ” says MIT Institute Professor Langer , senior author of a paper describing the nanoparticles in this week ’s issue of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
Langer and Omid Farokhzad , associate professor at Harvard Medical School and another senior author of the paper , have previously developed nanoparticles that seek out and destroy tumors .
Their nanoburrs , however , are among the first particles that can zero in on damaged vascular tissue .
Mark Davis , professor of chemical engineering at Caltech , says the work is a promising step towards new treatments for cardiovascular and other diseases .
“ If they could do this in patients — target particles to injured areas — that could open up all kinds of new opportunities , ” says Davis , who was not involved in this research .
On target
Currently , one of the standard ways to treat clogged and damaged arteries is by implanting a vascular stent , which holds the artery open and releases drugs such as paclitaxel .
The researchers hope that their new nanoburrs could be used alongside such stents — or in lieu of them — to treat damage located in areas not well suited to stents , such as near a fork in the artery .
The nanoburrs are targeted to a structure known as the basement membrane , which lines the arterial walls but is only exposed when those walls are damaged .
To build their nanoparticles , the team screened a library of short peptide sequences to find one that binds most effectively to molecules on the surface of the basement membrane .
They used the most successful , a seven - amino - acid sequence called C11 , to coat the outer layer of their nanoparticles .
The inner core of the 60 - nanometer - diameter particles carries the drug , which is bound to a polymer chain called PLA .
A middle layer of soybean lecithin , a fatty material , lies between the core and the outer shell , which consists of a polymer called PEG that protects the particles as they travel through the bloodstream .
The drug can only be released when it detaches from the PLA polymer chain , which occurs gradually by a reaction called ester hydrolysis .
The longer the polymer chain , the longer this process takes , so the researchers can control the timing of the drug ’s release by altering the chain length .
So far , they have achieved drug release over 12 days , in tests in cultured cells .
Uday Kompella , professor of pharmaceutical sciences at the University of Colorado , says the nanoburr ’s structure could make it easier to manufacture , because the targeted peptides are attached to an outer shell and not directly to the drug - carrying core , which would require a more complicated chemical reaction .
The design also reduces the risk of the nanoparticles bursting and releasing drugs prematurely , says Kompella , who was not involved in this research .
Another advantage of the nanoburrs is that they can be injected intravenously at a site distant from the damaged tissue .
In tests in rats , the researchers showed that nanoburrs injected near the tail are able to reach their intended target — walls of the injured carotid artery but not normal carotid artery .
The burrs bound to the damaged walls at twice the rate of nontargeted nanoparticles .
Because the particles can deliver drugs over a longer period of time , and can be injected intravenously , patients would not have to endure repeated and surgically invasive injections directly into the area that requires treatment , says Juliana Chan , a graduate student in Langer ’s lab and lead author of the paper .
The team is now testing the nanoburrs in rats over a two - week period to determine the most effective dose for treating damaged vascular tissue .
The particles may also prove useful in delivering drugs to tumors .
“ This technology could have broad applications across other important diseases , including cancer and inflammatory diseases where vascular permeability or vascular damage is commonly observed , " says Farokhzad .
Read the Full Article for Free !
Read the Full Article for Free !
Loading Please Wait
You can unsubscribe at any time and I guarantee the privacy of your email .
View our privacy policy
Subscribe for FREE to the # 1 Natural Health Newsletter or Login for Instant Access
Unlock censored health information that Google does n't want you to read Keep your privacy secure — we are one of the few websites that have banned all Google and Facebook scripts to help stop their surveillance capitalism
Get access to all of Dr. Mercola 's health articles , E - books and special reports
7,657 people subscribed in the last 7 days View our privacy policy
Here are more news from what Speaker Pelosi 's aide , Wendell Primus , said such as how the reconciliation fix can happen and in what matter :
" The House would have to take up that first because it would involve revenue changes and then the Senate would pass it and then I think hopefully with the passing of that legislation , the House , only then would take up the Senate bill and pass it . "
" The trick in all of this is that the President would have to sign the Senate bill first and then the reconciliation bill would be signed second and the parts of the reconciliation bill that trump the relevant portions of the first signed bill . "
" You would really have to use the fact that a later enacted bill takes precedent over a previously enacted bill to achieve the right outcome . "
Primus added .
He predicted that the reconciliation package of fixes would have to increase the threshold on the Cadillac tax , include more affordability credits , close the donut hole in the Medicare Part D drug benefit , and eliminate the Cornhusker Kickback .
Other Congressional aides agreed with Primus ’ assessment and argued that it would be almost impossible to put together a smaller package that achieves any of the Democrats ’ objectives because many provisions are interconnected .
In the reconciliation fix , we can aim big and go for the public option , the Medicare buy - in , getting rid of the excise tax , increasing subsidies , and getting rid of the Nebraska Cornhusker Kickback deal .
We have the backing of Democracy For America in our grassroots campaign , and we 're hoping to hear more from other advocacy groups as well .
Let 's go big on this one !
Let 's keep up the momentum in our Facebook group also as well .
We have over 1,100 members .
Can we break 2,000 members by the end of today ?
I believe that we can !
Here 's how you can help us with our grassroots effort .
If you 're on Twitter , all you have to do is tweet this very simple link : Please join our Facebook campaign to #passthefix and # passthebill !
http://bit.ly/... #hcr #ptdb RT this !
Once again , here 's nyceve 's urgent plea :
Are you ready ?
Can we count on you ?
Please send this out on Twitter .
Please post it on your Facebook page .
Will you stand up and make your voice heard ?
Will you make just a few more calls ?
Will you ask your friend , family and neighbors to help ?
Can you turn this into one of the largest citizen mobilizations in the history of our country ?
We 're all ready to burn up the lines to Congress on the 24th and 25th !
Thank you so much for joining in on our grassroots action , and you guys rock !
Aims of the organic logo
The EU organic logo gives a coherent visual identity to European Union produced organic products .
This makes it easier for the consumers to identify organic products and helps farmers to market them across the entirety of the EU .
The organic logo can only be used on products that have been certified as organic by an authorised control agency or body .
This means that they have fulfilled strict conditions on how they must be produced , processed , transported and stored .
The logo can only be used on products when they contain at least 95 % of organic ingredients and additionally respect further strict conditions for the remaining 5 % .
The same ingredient cannot be present in organic and non organic form .
Next to the EU organic logo , a code number of the control body must be displayed as well as the place where the agricultural raw materials composing the product have been farmed .
When to use the organic logo
The logo is compulsory for most organic products and must be displayed according to a specific set of rules .
This is to prevent consumer confusion , help maintain trust in organic food and support the authorities in their inspection regimes .
The logo must be used by :
all pre-packaged EU food products , produced and sold as organic within the EU .
Additionally the logo can optionally be used by :
imported products where the product conforms to the EU rules on the import of organic goods ;
non pre-packaged organic products ;
EU organic products placed on third countries markets ;
as part of information campaigns intended to educate the public about the organics scheme ( as long as it is not misleading or used to imply that a non-organic product fulfils the requirements of an organic product ) .
The logo cannot be used for :
products containing less than 95 % of organic ingredients ;
mass catering operations such as restaurants or hospitals ;
products not in the scope of organic rules such as cosmetics or products from hunting and fishing ;
products in ‘ conversion ’ ( where organic methods have only just been introduced and there may still be non-organic substances in the soil or animal chain ) .
Displaying the logo
The logo must be displayed according to strict rules
The logo must not be smaller than 13,5 mm by 9 mm .
In the case of very small packaging where this is not possible , 9 mm by 6 mm is permitted .
The logo must be displayed in the standard green and white colour scheme , the only change permitted is when a one colour printer is used .
It cannot be stylised ( for example by making the background transparent or adding 3D effects ) .
Further information on how the organic logo must be displayed is included in the user manual on the organic logo .
Download the logo
EU organic logo ( JPEG ) English ( 123.3 KB - ZIP ) Download ZIP - 123.3 KB
EU organic logo ( PDF ) English ( 88.8 KB - PDF ) Download PDF - 88.8 KB
EU organic logo ( GIF ) English ( 35.6 KB - ZIP ) Download ZIP - 35.6 KB
EU organic logo ( EPS ) English ( 556.7 KB - ZIP ) Download ZIP - 556.7 KB
Arcade Fire 's " Wake Up " is built for large , communal experiences in stadiums .
The Super Bowl is a pretty large , communal experience that happens to take place in a stadium .
But do n't freak when you hear the Funeral anthem at some point during this Sunday 's Super Bowl XLIV telecast .
The group has teamed up with the NFL and charity Partners in Health to air " Wake Up " during the big game with all proceeds from the licensing going to help Haiti relief efforts .
So feel free to sing along without feeling dirty and compromised .
Win-win .
plus -circle Add Review
comment Reviews
Reviewer : justinman - favorite favorite favorite favorite - May 24 , 2019
Subject : love these stories ive listened to them all over and over they are great but some nitpicking comes in like with cold equasions if it is really that tight on fuel her being there at all ruined the trip ejecting her wouldnt change
with no contact you have to ask what kind of FTL communication device do they have to instantly transmit and receive at the edge of the galaxy
at least they covered the time delay with pictures do n't lie
love the c-chute but i was confused how they could keep the passenger compartment sealed when the klorels turned the atmosphere into chlorine i assume an airlock but having an airlock to a hallway makes no sense cause the first guy got shot as he opened the door so it seems there was none
a gun for dinosaur i thought is better than the bradbury sound of thunder
a logic named joe amazing the foresight but shampoo that can make you sober was pushing it
requiem great story couldnt they have come up with a better system for the old guy like a liquid filled tank and give him scuba
the vital factor great story but foolish they never did tests with the new ships to find out the guy was holding something back
tunnel under the world confused about human brain circuits unless somehow people had some kind of implants
project mastadon very fun but uncontollable time travel seems annoying the device can only go exactly 50,000 years to the past and the future i only assume they are terrified to go 50,000 years into the future
project trojan awesome idea german engineers acomplished the impossible but it backfired
seventh victim great story what a world to live in the movie was cool had to go find it
the seventh order great story but wouldnt a buried bomb have worked as well ?
- May 24 , 2019 love these stories
Reviewer : Harry Wilson - - October 31 , 2018
Subject : Hey Bix !
https://archive.org/details/OTRR_X_Minus_One_Singles
Check out this page : - October 31 , 2018 Hey Bix !
Reviewer : BixLives - favorite favorite favorite favorite - October 31 , 2018
Subject : Missing Episodes
There are 119 episodes in circulation .
I appreciate the good quality of most of the tapes , but they are missing a lot of programs !
- October 31 , 2018 Missing Episodes
Reviewer : will09 - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - February 23 , 2017
Subject : X Minus What ?
Sitting under my bed , there was a hole in my mattress , I recall listening to X - 1 , ( echoing ) from a clock radio in my bedroom , Stories about the future .
i listened , and enjoyed every moment many times over and still , the 1950's mix with morality a touch of each and survive , have we turned away from our past ?
Or was it Demention X? salute the past .
and thanks to those great sci-fi pulps and all the greater storytellers .
you covered me with space dust .
- February 23 , 2017X Minus
What ?
Reviewer : SaraBellePalsy - favorite favorite favorite favorite - February 11 , 2017
Subject : A lot of files and pages
There are several pages and / or files of uploaded X minus
One episodes , some with all the episodes , some with half ( as above ) some with crisp clean audio , some with dull audio .
Ya never know which is which .
SOMEBODY needs to take charge , so as only the highest quality audio is presented to ( especially first time ) listeners .
I do n't have the computer to do it , or I would .
Send me a PC with the right apps , and I 'll do old time radio uploads until I die .
- February 11 , 2017A lot of files and pages
Reviewer : NM5TF - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - October 16 , 2015
Subject : Takes Me Back
Thanks for sharing these great old radio shows .
I remember listening to them on my bedside radio when I was probably
8 -10 years old .
They do n't make them like these anymore .
- October 16 , 2015 Takes Me Back
Reviewer : gl1200 phil - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - December 4 , 2013
Subject : Fantastic anthology series !
To address questions & comments below :
1 . I do n't know why my Android would n't play these files either , BUT I figured out how to get them to play on my android device .
Download the files to your device , then go to the free online file converter and convert them to mp3 files .
Not sure what format the files are currently , but this does the trick !
Here 's the URL :
http://audio.online-convert.com/convert-to-mp3
a. Click on ' CHOOSE ' by the first box .
Then browse to the file that you downloaded .
1. On android devices you must go to your storage card first .
It will be named
/ mnt/sdcard
or something similar .
2 . Then you need to find the folder with the file you want to convert .
' It will most likely be in a folder named " downloads " or possibly " music " .
The file will be named
xminusone_ ( date ) _( title )
b. Clicking on the file , will load it onto the web page .
I like to lower the bitrate , to make the file smaller .
These files are low fidelity , 16 bps shows no loss in quality .
c. Go a little furthet down the page and click on the " convert " button .
d . When the file has been converted , you 'll get a message asking how you want to download the file , just like when you downloaded the file from
You will now get a playable file that will be in the same place as the original file you first downloaded .
UPDATE : MX Player ( Available in a free version At Google Play , Android Market and others , will play these files .
My original media app for my old android 2.3.4 version would not play these files .
2. I went to Counter Productions website also .
While I did n't find any files to download , ( I did n't look real hard ) I did n't have any problems and it seemed like a legitimate website to me .
no promises though ...
3. Someone asked for other similar programs .
Arch Obeler 's Lights Out , The Inner Sanctum , The Creaking Door , The Weird Circle , and Suspense come to mind .
It 's of a different genre , but I have to plug one of my very favorites , Elliott Lewis in The Voyage of the Scarlet Queen .
I hope this can be of value to someone !
These are great shows !!
As each show is unique , & written by different writers , some obviously are better than others .
Few will disappoint !
To address questions & comments below : 1 .
I do n't know why my Android would n't play these files either , BUT I figured out how to get them to play on my android device .
Download the files to your device , then go to the free online file converter and convert them to mp3 files .
Not sure what format the files are currently , but this does the trick !
Here 's the URL:a. Click on ' CHOOSE ' by the first box .
Then browse to the file that you downloaded .
1. On android devices you must go to your storage card first .
It will be named / mnt / sdcardor something similar .
2 .
Then you need to find the folder with the file you want to convert .
' It will most likely be in a folder named " downloads " or possibly " music " .
The file will be namedxminusone_ ( date ) _( title ) b .
Clicking on the file , will load it onto the web page .
I like to lower the bitrate , to make the file smaller .
These files are low fidelity , 16 bps shows no loss in quality .c.
Go a little furthet down the page and click on the " convert " button.d .
When the file has been converted , you 'll get a message asking how you want to download the file , just like when you downloaded the file from archive.org .
Just respond as you did at archive.org to download the file .
You will now get a playable file that will be in the same place as the original file you first downloaded .
UPDATE : MX Player ( Available in a free version At Google Play , Android Market and others , will play these files .
My original media app for my old android 2.3.4 version would not play these files .
2. I went to Counter Productions website also .
While I did n't find any files to download , ( I did n't look real hard ) I did n't have any problems and it seemed like a legitimate website to me .
no promises though ... 3 . Someone asked for other similar programs .
Arch Obeler 's Lights Out , The Inner Sanctum , The Creaking Door , The Weird Circle , and Suspense come to mind .
It 's of a different genre , but I have to plug one of my very favorites , Elliott Lewis in The Voyage of the Scarlet Queen .
I hope this can be of value to someone !
- December 4 , 2013 Fantastic anthology series !
Reviewer : networksam - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - January 6 , 2013
Subject : greatest series I just love this series !
It has some really great stories and acting .
Cant seem to get the shows to work on my android device .
Samsung galaxy s3 .
Does anyone have a workaround ?
- January 6 , 2013 greatest series
Reviewer : PostalRetired - - February 13 , 2012
Subject : Warning Just to give a heads up , I tried going to the www.counterproductionstheatre.com web site just to check things out .
Listed in the review prior to mine .
My virus software ( Avast ) warned me of a Trojan .
Just a friendly warning .
- February 13 , 2012 Warning
Reviewer : enigma2118 - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - February 7 , 2011
Subject : X Minus 1 in the Theatre review
The Parade
A Logic Named Joe
Hallucination Orbit
It was awesome !
www.counterproductionstheatre.com
Thank you !
I had posted here about two years ago about my theatre company doing some staged productions of X Minus One stories .
I just want to tell ya all , it was the greatest experience I have had as an artist so far .
It was a complete blast .
We do plan to give this another try at some time .
I 'll probably stop by and let ya know .
Again , I 'm not trying to advertise here , take it down if it comes across that way .
But I do want to leave my theatre 's website address , come check out the pictures from :
The ParadeA Logic Named JoeHallucination OrbitIt was awesome !
Thank you !
- February 7 , 2011X Minus 1 in the Theatre review
Reviewer : Digital_Freedom - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - September 2 , 2010
Subject : Gene Roddenberry Was Right !
Ok , there must of been millions of us that were living decades ago that noticed the very high accelerated rate of America 's technology increasing .
I bet most of us believed the Jetsons ( cartoon ) were going to be reality for most of us , no doubt we had that Americans and other countries would mostly be transported by flying - cars and / or beaming our body particulars from spaceships .
No , we failed to take into account that the rapid rate of increase in electronics , science and technology in general would greatly slowdown from the concept of earth building moon and mars bases as we fought militarily battles in space when dozens of space - aliens as we made friends with other aliens from other planets ( and they would all speak in ENGLISH !! ) .
No , what I mean is Gene was right a few decades ago when he endorsed an audio collection of 60 old science fiction radio shows that contained many of the old Dimension - X and X - 1 radio shows .
Gene described how he felt as a young growing boy listening to many of these exact same radio shows and how they made him feel in an era of the cold - war .
I bet Gene shared the same opinion of all of these old Sci-Fi shows that he shared about the 60 select radio show collection he endorsed many decades ago .
The only new show I have heard that comes close to the quality of these old episodes is the post 2002 copyrighted radio show of remakes of most of the popular Twilight Zone series .
But today 's radio shows , when they rarely are produced , seem to never match the quality of old shows such as X - 1 .
I suppose the last really good radio show that many would describe as Science Fiction would be the 1970's CBS Mystery Theater .
Like most fans of these radio shows I would love to see a serious high budget Sci Fi radio / mp3 podcast etc shows to be once again made -( need good acting and digital sound loops can tend to over polish such an audio show , and the pay - off of the hard work done in these shows is really obvious ) .
Can anyone advise other audio series such as the cbs mystery theater and the post 2002 remade for radio Twilight Zone series that might be out there ?
They simply do not make the quality of entertainment these radio shows pull off , and it 's really a shame actors now have to worry more about their wait , breast size , hairline etc. instead of keeping their minds on performing good for an audience that may be around over a hundred years .
I hope limits on copyrights can be placed on newer radio shows so that after 50 , 60 years or more they fall into public domain .
That is plenty of time to make a profit and yet not force poor people into copyright violation by the simple action of copying a radio show older than they may be .
I feel copyrights were never attended to preserve profits forever , they should have a limit and become public domain as many older creative arts were done .
If you like Sci Fi , these radio shows are better than many old Sci Fi movies , and the sound effects work out better than most of the newer produced shows using digital samples !
- September 2 , 2010 Gene Roddenberry Was Right !
Reviewer : danneauxs - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - August 8 , 2010
Subject : over and over again I 've listened to these for years .
My CD's have become unreadable over the years and it's great to have access to these archives .
This is great classic sci-fi and just great storytelling .
Some of it 's simple by today 's standards but the production is good and the stories hold up .
Many of today 's audiobooks are to full of themselves and listening to one narrator can get boring .
I could easily see home productions of newer short stories by talented armature writers , producers and actors .
- August 8 , 2010over and over again
Reviewer : Hamigreg - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - April 17 , 2010
Subject : When Sci Fi was un complicated Listening to these shows takes me back to my childhood when sci fi was a glimpse into the future
No one told you that it was outside the limits of the laws of Physics , Quantum or otherwise .
It was just pure escapism .
I can hear these shows over and over again and still get that buzz - April 17 , 2010 When Sci Fi was un complicated
Reviewer : drlong - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - September 14 , 2009
Subject : Golden Age of Sci-Fi
This show and Dimension X were both classic examples of good storylines and production .
That is why I enjoy classic sci - fi so much .
The plots are basic and engage in elemental phlisophical and social issues still relevant today .
My kids now enjoy listening to this show and revel in being able to stay up and listen to the downloads .
- September 14 , 2009 Golden Age of Sci-Fi
Reviewer : Mr Wednesday - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - March 17 , 2009
Subject : Dimension X
These are brilliant .
However if you 've listened to Dimension X a good 50 % of disk 1 of X Minus 1 is repeated episodes from that show .
- March 17 , 2009 Dimension X
Reviewer : reen1 - favorite favorite favorite favorite - February 8 , 2009
Subject : X Minus One Rules !
Thank you !
This collection is a wonderful gift for those of us who love OTR sci-fi .
- February 8 , 2009X Minus One Rules !
Reviewer : hff1981 - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - September 13 , 2008
Subject : Great series .
Great Series , good sound e some really superb episodes like " tunell under the world " .
thank you !
- September 13 , 2008 Great series .
Reviewer : Beldapriest - favorite favorite - July 8 , 2008
Subject : Yawn
Most of these are the beginnings of what would be some great stories .
Very dated , actually kind of weak .
The writers of some reputation are represented fairly well , yet most stories are just tired .
- July 8 , 2008Yawn
Reviewer : digitalzen - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - June 7 , 2008
Subject : Great Series for the Uninitiated X minus 1 is a great sci- fi series with some really classic stories .
They are not always Martian Ray Gun stories , but you will get a good dose of the retro sci - fi era , back in the good ole days when there was oxygen on Mars and Saturn was only a couple weeks travel away .
The recording quality of almost all of these is excellent .
If you are new to OTR , this is definitely one you want to check into .
- June 7 , 2008 Great Series for the Uninitiated
Reviewer : robking - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - May 1 , 2008
Subject : Good stuff I 'm not normally a sci- fi fan .
I listen mostly to Gunsmoke , Frontier Gentleman , and various horror series .
I gave this one a shot , listening to Cold Equation first ( after reading about it in the comments ) , and I think I 'm hooked .
Very well done series .
- May 1 , 2008 Good stuff
Reviewer : MDSys - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - May 1 , 2008
Subject : Great series
I recorded a few of these shows and listened to them for years until the taps were worn out .
Last year I accidentally discovered
X - Minus - 1 has to be one of the best shows I 've found here .
The stories are well written and acted .
It does n't matter that it 's from the 50's .
Another great series is " Journey into Space " .
I live in Belgium and used to listen to " American forces network " radio when I was a kid ( late 70's ) .
They had a show called " midnight mysteries " .
Well it was a collection of old radio shows like " Johnny Dollar , The Whistler , ... I recorded a few of these shows and listened to them for years until the taps were worn out .
Last year I accidentally discovered Archive.org and I love it .
X - Minus - 1 has to be one of the best shows I 've found here .
The stories are well written and acted .
It does n't matter that it 's from the 50's .
Another great series is " Journey into Space " .
- May 1 , 2008 Great series
Reviewer : someguy2 - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - February 13 , 2008
Subject : fav sci-fi OTR I 'm with you on Cold Equations for # 1 , TforThomas , that plot got to me .
Absolute no -win scenario .
I 'd put C - Chute # 2 just cause I like that geeky guy 's voice and how his hobby was handy sort of like Flight of the Phoenix .
He 's good in Pictures do n't lie too .
Reminds me of Les Nessman , WKRP . :)
Norman Rose is a killer narrator voice in Colony .
All of these are worth hearing .
Do n't bother picking , check 'em all out !
I 've heard most about 6 times .
When will modern production pick up on what was great !?
When will sci - fi audio - shows make a comeback ?
- February 13 , 2008 fav sci-fi OTR
Reviewer : XMinusOne - - January 25 , 2008
Subject :
If you 're going to rate the episodes ......
While I appreciate the ratings , if I were a potential listener , I would n't know how to take the them .
What is the criteria for the episode being three stars , or however many ?
The potential listener does n't know if you liked ( or disliked ) the show because of the plot , it being a rehash of similar but better shows , good or bad writing ( or action , or sound effects ) .
I personally think X Minus 1 is a great series because it generally has above average story lines with well crafted scripts , they 're mostly believeable , even when far - fetched , the acting is above average , and because I like science fiction ; but even as a fan of the series and being familiar with the episodes , you would better get my attention to re-listen to episodes by ( instead of saying it gets 2 stars out of 5 or 5 stars out of 5 ) giving a one - line sentence ( or less ) capsule summary and saying " 2 stars out of 5 because it 's an old story line " or " the plot 's not realistic even for science fiction " , or " poor acting , no sense of emotion " , or " a a slow plot that drags until an unexpected closing sequence and an in - your - face surprise ending . "
minute with an unexpected .
To simply say 2 out of 5 is like would be like saying Nolan Ryan is a better baseball player than Ted Williams , or that Norman Mailer is a better writer than Madam Curie was a scientist .
- January 25 , 2008
If you 're going to rate the episodes ......
Reviewer : TforThomas - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - January 24 , 2008
Subject : X Minus 1
550825 _ColdEquations [ 5 stars ]
550901 _Shanghaied [ 4 of 5 stars ]
551103 _Hello
551130 _TheVital
551221 _Marionettes
551228_ALogicNamed
560104_TheRoadsMust
560208_C -
560307 _AGunFor
560314_TunnelUnderThe
Rating these for my own re-listening convenience , thought I 'd post these as a guide to any first - time listeners looking for a place to start ..
Just my opinions though .
550825 _ColdEquations [ 5 stars ] 550901 _Shanghaied [ 4 of 5 stars ] 551103 _Hello Tomorrow.mp3 [ 3 of 5 stars ] 551130 _TheVital Factor.mp3 [ 4 of 5 stars ] 551221 _Marionettes Inc.mp3 [ 3 of 5 stars ] 551228_ALogicNamed Joe.mp3 [ 4 of 5 stars ] 560104_TheRoadsMust Roll.mp3 [ 4 of 5 stars ] 560208_C- Chute.mp3 [ 5 stars , Isaac Asimov ] 560307 _AGunFor Dinosaur.mp3 [ 5 stars ] 560314_TunnelUnderThe World.mp3 [ 5 stars ] - January 24 , 2008X Minus 1
Reviewer : JonCorry - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - December 18 , 2007
Subject : Great Stuff I found X Minus
One when I was a child when it was played on saturday nights on a local radio program called Golden Age of Radio Theatre .
I was thrilled to find these here and that they were all available .
This show really is top notch , and the writing and acting is great .
This is a classic and I 'm glad that it is available here for all to fall in love with it , as I did .
- December 18 , 2007 Great Stuff
Reviewer : naaier - favorite favorite favorite favorite - July 28 , 2007
Subject : MP3 bit -rate note Edit : Removed note about shows being in 32 K bps rather than 64 K bps -- Looks like only the very first episode is encoded at 32 Kbps .
- July 28 , 2007MP3 bit-rate note
Reviewer : tomwsmf - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - August 2 , 2006
Subject : Everything old is new again
We think of our situation in the world as a unique artifact of time and place , but here we can see this just is not so .
The current state of media is 90 % of it is pewp on ice and the remaining 10 % ranges from watchable to jaw dropingly good .
It was the same for radio .
Much of it was soap operas , rehashed crime drama ( CSI : 1950 anyone ? ) and various serialized branded shows that where commericials with cute characters .
In the 10 % there was DimX and X - 1 . Just look at the talent that was being used as story crafters .
It is a testiment to their great works that even having been rewritten for the radio the stories still shined .
Some of the incidental music in these series can sound corny as all get out to our ears , but even that cant diminish the shows .
The lasting mark these shows have had over the decades can be seen not only in the traditional SF world but also in homages such as Commander Hoek and Cadet Stimpy .
All in all these two series are Must Listen Radio ( tm ) for any and all OTR lovers .
- tomhiggins - August 2 , 2006
Everything old is new again
Reviewer : Lonesome Cowboy Bill - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - June 9 , 2006
Subject : Woot !
I have n't heard many of these since the 1970's , when a CBC program , " As It Happens " broadcast many different examples of OTR ... it 's strange to hear 1987 considered to be the future ....
Much thanks to the person who posted these !
- June 9 , 2006Woot !
Reviewer : Hythe - favorite favorite favorite - February 24 , 2006
Subject : Thank you X Minus 1 Fairy !
I 'm not entirely clear who dumped these file here , but thank you !
There can not ever be enough OTR on the net .
God , I love anachronism !
I have almost the entire run of " Quiet , Please ... , " an OTR spook - fest far superior to X Minus 1 - if I hear from people , I 'll try to dump it on the archive .
sungreenleaves verizon net - February 24 , 2006
Thank you X Minus 1 Fairy !
Reviewer : macwizuk - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - February 15 , 2006
Subject : Real Sci-fi
It is more than a notch above your normal OTR sci-fi .
Such stuff is often cops n robbers or cowboys n indians in space .
But this is genuine thought provoking sci-fi .
You 'll find Clifford D Simak , Ray Bradbury , Robert Heinelein and others here .
Do n't fill your ipod with GBytes of songs from iTunes ... this is much more interesting .
All I need now is some DimensionX . - February 15 , 2006 Real Sci-fi
Dynamic Range Day is March 20th , 2010
That ’s TODAY !
Actually , that was years ago , now .
Dynamic Range Day has been so successful that it ’s become an annual event , with it ’s own website – for all the latest information , click here .
If you ’d like to get involved , please “ Like ” the Facebook page for regular updates .
Thanks , and see you soon !
Now just for the record , here ’s the original text of this post , dead links and all , edited on the day …
Join us in a day of protest against the CD “ Loudness Wars ” – more info below
Use the Twitter hashtag # DYNAMICRANGEDAY on March 20th to try and get this issue “ trending ” on everyone ’s Twitter page
It ’s easy to take part – just SHOUT ( type in all caps ) ALL DAY , EVERYWHERE !
And when people ask , tell them why you ’re shouting
Read the full story here : Dynamic Range Day – The Idea
What are the Loudness Wars ?
Watch this video :
Latest News
20/04/10 NEW
Join us at 9 pm GMT on Twitter to try and get this issue trending !
20/04/10 NEW
Read my Dynamic Range Day post here
20/04/10 Dynamic Range
Day gets off to a fantastic start , with a huge evening of activity on Twitter
19/03/10 Dynamic Range Day is global , and has just started in some time - zones !
18/03/10
Over 2000 guests confirmed to the Facebook event already – still climbing
18/03/10 Pleasurize Music Foundation support Dynamic Range Day
25/02/10 Dynamic Range Day Banners available for download
25/02/10 TurnMeUp.org adds a Dynamic Range Day banner to their front page
Check back soon for more updates
More Information about the “ Loudness Wars ”
Music is getting louder , and sounding worse .
Engineers and artists are using modern technology to push the average level of recorded music up and up and up against the “ brick wall ” maximum level of the CD format .
This results in distortion , lack of punch and a flat , two - dimensional , lifeless sound .
If you ’ve ever wondered why you feel tired and get a headache listening to recent CDs , but not discs released back in the early nineties , the Loudness Wars are probably to blame .
The most famous example in recent years is Metallica ’s “ Death Magnetic ” , which made the headlines when over 20,000 fans signed a petition asking for the CD to be remixed or remastered .
CDs have a maximum dynamic range of over 96dB ( decibels ) .
Until recently , the loudest CDs had a dynamic range of 8 d B or more , even at their very loudest points .
Much of “ Death Magnetic ” has a dynamic range of only 2dB , and most people agree that it sounds terrible as result .
Dynamic Rangeis a measure of how much contrast there is in music , how much light and shade , how exciting it sounds .
It ’s a two - edged sword , though .
Too much , and rock wo n’t rock , pop wo n’t pop , and you ’ll have to keep adjusting the volume .
Too little and you ’ll get sick of listening to even your favourite music far quicker , and probably end up with a headache .
Sadly , by 2010 this trend has affected almost every genre of music .
You can hear it for yourself by listening to the audio examples in the short interview I did for BBC Radio 4 soon after “ Death Magnetic ” was released – click the grey arrow in the box over there on the right !
Or , check out this YouTube video comparision of the released CD version of Death Magnetic , and the much lower - level version used on the Guitar Hero game soundtrack
Metallica “ Death Magnetic ” CD vs. Guitar Hero Video
What Can We Do ?
Join in on March 20th 2010 – Dynamic Range Day !
Taking part is simple
Just SHOUT ALL DAY !
( For non-nerds , typing in ALL CAPITALs is know on the internet as “ shouting ” )
Why SHOUT all day ?
Because over - compressed , distorted , unnecessarily high - level Loudness - War - Casualty music sounds as if it ’s shouting at you , all the time .
IT ’S LOUD AND IT STAYS LOUD AND IT’s ONLY LOUD AND VERY SOON IT WEARS YOU OUT .
AND GETS BORING !
So if we SHOUT all day on March 20th – on Twitter , on Facebook , in our emails – everywhere – if we shout and explain why we ’re doing it when people ask , by linking to this post , or TurnMeUp.org , or the Dynamic Range Foundation , then hopefully we ’ll spread the message far and wide :
NO MORE LOUDNESS WAR
So please , sign up for the Facebook Event to stay updated .
If you have a blog , write a post explaining why you support Dynamic Range Day , and a Dynamic Range Day Banner .
Tell your friends – talk about # DYNAMICRANGEDAY on Twitter and see if we can get it trending .
Simon Howes has set up a mySpace page – tell all your friends about it !
Lets get this issue everywhere .
Show your support – sign up now .
If you enjoyed this post and would like to get free updates by email , here ’s a widget :
Or click here to subscribe to the free RSS feed
Original logo idea by Matthew Vince
The Crenshaw / Expo Line light rail project , part of Metropolitan Transit Authority ’s ( MTA ) long awaited railway to the LAX Airport , finally “ turned dirt ” this week , nearly 25 years after it was first proposed .
Rail transit has been a kicker for economic development throughout the region .
At $ 1.7 billion dollars , it will be the largest economic development project in the history of South Los Angeles , creating 7,800 jobs in one of the most economically depressed areas of the city .
This “ on again , off again ” segment of the MTA 30 - year transit expansion strategy was “ off the ( priority ) board ” as recently as two years ago .
Los Angeles County Supervisor Mark Ridley - Thomas made it a priority upon his election in November 2008 , and within his first year of office ( and back on the MTA board ) got the Crenshaw / Expo line “ upgraded ” from a bus line to a rail line last December .
So , exploratory soil drilling started this week to ascertain exactly how to environmentally plan the line , plan the stops , and create the greatest economic impact for the community .
It might also be a good idea to begin the station stops and grade separation discussion , if the desire is to maximize economic development capacity in a historically underserved community .
Just as controversial as having light rail in depressed urban communities is building “ at grade ” rail transit , which causes great traffic separation , immovable barriers , and dangerous crossings .
Living “ across the tracks ” has a cultural and historical meaning to black communities .
Railroad tracks running through the community represented “ separation barriers ” based on race and economics .
“ Crossing the tracks ” meant a change in demography that was immediately noticeable in home quality , commercial access , and the presence of brown fields .
Retail diversity tended to take a drop , depending on where Blacks lived .
The new rail dilemmas are always about cost , as it always seems that environmental and public safety issues that affect other people seem to be ignored in poor and minority communities .
“ At grade ” simply means ground level .
Subterranean grade ( below ground ) and above grade ( above ground ) are more expensive but have a greater economic impact on a community because the structural barriers for the rail line do n’t impact commercial retail development .
Commerce shies away from communities where at grade rail lines exist because the inability to cross the tracks reduces traffic access .
Furthermore , issues of crossing rails and endangering pedestrians are mitigated because the tracks are out of the way of pedestrians .
The big fight in the other light rail that touches the tip of the black community ( the Expo line to the sea ) was that at grade rails were built where above grade rails were merited .
Even as the design of the Expo line is being challenged in the courts , the construction of the line continues to be at grade level .
The primary consideration for urban rail lines has always been cost , not safety .
The Expo Line is a prime example as the rail line passed a middle school and a high school .
The politics of light rail development seems to change , depending on what side of town you live on .
Supervisor Ridley - Thomas is looking to change all that .
He is on record demanding that the entire Crenshaw Line be built above grade so not to doom the future economic development prospect of the Crenshaw community .
It ’s a great call and one that does n’t have the community chasing the horse after its out of the barn ( like on the Expo line ) .
The next issue always plaguing urban rail development is whether “ to stop ” or “ not to stop . ”
Where railway bypasses the community again is where economic opportunity bypasses the community .
If people do n’t get off the train , commerce gets no customers and jobs do n’t come to the area .
Mass transit is a job stimulus and rail transit stops are key traffic stimulants .
The Crenshaw / LAX line has been developed without a stop at Leimert Park , a cultural enclave that needs the traffic flow .
With ground due to break in 2012 or 2014 , the Crenshaw community is determined to redesign of the light rail line to include a Crenshaw / Leimart stop .
The stop is the discussion taking place now that the Creshaw line has been the green lighted .
Both where the Crenshaw Line runs and where the Crenshaw Line stops should , and will , be at the center of community focus .
The community made sure it got done .
Now we all have to make sure it gets done right .
Anthony Asadullah Samad
Anthony Asadullah Samad , Ph.D. , is a national columnist , managing director of the Urban Issues Forum and author of the upcoming book , REAL EYEZ : Race , Reality and Politics in 21 Century Politics .
He can be reached at www.AnthonySamad.com
Republished with permission from The Black Commentator .
Among the winners of the 15th Annual Global Mobile Awards is VNL , an India - based company that won Green Mobile Award for Best Green Programme Product or Initiative .
The judges stated that selection was made based on the sheer number of people who ’s lives could be changed through deployment of VNL ’s technology .
“ This is a real breakthrough , with potential , huge impact for billions of people in rural villages .
It could have significant impact in allowing rural communities to have access to affordable mobile communications , ” they said .
We spoke to Rajiv Mehrotra , Founder , Chairman & CEO of VNL just before the Awards have been announced .
He talked about VNL ’s zero - opex solar - powered WorldGSM base station developed specifically for use in rural areas where people have less than US $ 2 a month to spend on their phone bills .
Watch the interview with the CEO of VNL that is the first and only company to have found a way of building sustainable telephone networks for the three billion people ( half the world ’s population ) who live in rural areas not covered by a mobile network .
Related articles
GSMA Announced Winners of the 15th Annual Global Mobile Awards
CAPE CANAVERAL , Florida ( Reuters ) - The U.S. plan to return astronauts to the moon by 2020 will not happen without a big boost in NASA ’s budget , leaving only the International Space Station as a viable target for the country ’s human space program , according to a presidential review panel .
The moon passes between the sun and the earth amid monsoon clouds during a solar eclipse in New Delhi July 22 , 2009 .
REUTERS / B
Mathur
The Human Space Flight Plans committee , which presented its preliminary findings to the White House on Friday , concluded that a human mission to Mars currently would be too risky .
Developing new spaceships to replace the retiring space shuttle fleet and bigger rockets to reach the moon would require about $ 3 billion more per year , the panel headed by former Lockheed Martin chief Norm Augustine said .
The only human space program affordable under NASA ’s existing budget is an enhanced space station , one that has a side benefit of seeding a commercial passenger - launch services market , said the panel , which completed a series of public meetings this week .
NASA spends about half of its $ 18 billion annual budget on human space flight to fly the space shuttles , build and operate the space station and develop new vehicles in a follow - on program called Constellation .
The committee said the new U.S. exploration initiative -- aimed at landing astronauts on the moon by 2020 -- is doomed because its 10 - year , $ 108 billion budget has been shaved by about $ 30 billion .
“ We ca n’t do this program in this budget , ” said panel member Sally Ride , a former astronaut .
“ This budget is simply not friendly to exploration . ”
ULTIMATE GOAL
Even with additional funds , heading to the moon may not be the best choice for human missions , the panel concluded .
More economical and potentially more galvanizing to the public would be flights to asteroids and other destinations , it said .
The ultimate goal of future U.S. endeavors should be excursions to Mars , but the money and technologies needed to do so are not currently available , the panel said .
“ We think to go direct to Mars with today ’s technology and money is riskier than we would want to be associated with , ” Augustine said .
“ It would likely not succeed . ”
NASA for decades has explored Mars with unmanned spacecraft and rovers that have roamed the Red Planet ’s surface .
NASA already has spent about $ 9 billion on Constellation , a project to build a capsule , rockets and lunar landers like those developed for the 1960s - era Apollo moon program .
The outlook for missions beyond Earth ’s orbit turned even bleaker when the committee added funding to keep the space station operational through about 2020 , as the station partners , including the United States , have said they would do .
NASA currently has no funding in place after 2015 for the space station , a $ 100 billion project of 16 nations .
Construction of the station is scheduled to be finished next year after seven more flights of the space shuttle , which orbits 225 miles above the planet .
After the shuttles are retired , NASA plans to pay Russia to transport crews to the station .
The panel ’s recommendations include adding $ 2.5 billion into NASA ’s budget between 2011 and 2014 for commercial launch services to the space station .
“ We ’d like to get NASA out of the business of flying people to low - Earth orbit , ” Ride said .
The board ’s final report is due on August 31 .
WASHINGTON  America ’s top intelligence official told lawmakers on Tuesday that Al Qaeda and its affiliates had made it a high priority to attempt a large - scale attack on American soil within the next six months .
The assessment by Dennis C. Blair , the director of national intelligence , was much starker than his view last year , when he emphasized the considerable progress in the campaign to debilitate Al Qaeda and said that the global economic meltdown , rather than the prospect of a major terrorist attack , was the “ primary near - term security concern of the United States . ”
At Tuesday ’s hearing , Senator Dianne Feinstein , Democrat of California and chairwoman of the Senate Intelligence Committee , asked Mr. Blair to assess the possibility of an attempted attack in the United States in the next three to six months .
He replied , “ The priority is certain , I would say ”  a response that was reaffirmed by the top officials of the C.I.A. and the F.B.I .
Latin America took another historic step forward this week with the creation of a new regional organisation of 32 Latin American and Caribbean countries .
The United States and Canada were excluded .
The increasing independence of Latin America has been one of the most important geopolitical changes over the last decade , affecting not only the region but the rest of the world as well .
For example , Brazil has publicly supported Iran 's right to enrich uranium and opposed further sanctions against the country .
Latin America , once under the control of the United States , is increasingly emerging as a power bloc with its own interests and agenda .
The Obama administration 's continuation of former President Bush 's policies in the region undoubtedly helped spur the creation of this new organisation , provisionally named the Community of Latin American and Caribbean States .
Most importantly , the Obama team 's ambivalence toward the military coup that overthrew the democratic government of President Mel Zelaya in Honduras last summer provoked deep resentment and distrust throughout the region .
Although the Obama administration was officially against the coup , numerous actions from day one – including the first White House statement that failed to condemn the coup when it happened – made it clear in the diplomatic world that its real position was something different .
The last straw came in November 2009 when the Obama administration brokered a deal for the return of Zelaya , and then joined the dictatorship in reneging on it .
Washington then stood against the vast majority of the region in supporting the November elections for a new president under the dictatorship , which had systematically repressed the basic rights and civil liberties necessary to an electoral campaign .
Arturo Valenzuela , the US state department 's top official for Latin America , said that the new organisation " should not be an effort that would replace the OAS [ Organisation of American States ] " .
The differences underlying the need for a new organisation were clear in the statements and declarations that took place in the Unity Summit , held in Cancun from 22 - 23 February .
The summit issued a strong statement backing Argentina in its dispute with the UK over the Malvinas ( as they are called in Argentina ) or Falklands Islands .
The dispute , which dates back to the 19th century and led to a war in 1982 , has become more prominent lately as the UK has unilaterally decided to explore for oil offshore the islands .
President Lula da Silva of Brazil called for the United Nations to take a more active role in resolving the dispute .
And the summit condemned the US embargo against Cuba .
These and other measures would be difficult or impossible to pass in the OAS .
Furthermore , the OAS has long been manipulated by the United States , as from 2000 when it was used to help build support for the coup that overthrew Haiti 's elected president .
And most recently , the US and Canada blocked the OAS from taking stronger measures against the Honduran dictatorship last year .
Meanwhile , in Washington foreign policy circles , it is getting increasingly more difficult to maintain the worn - out fiction that the US 's differences with the region are a legacy of President Bush 's " lack of involvement , " or to blame a few leftist trouble - makers like Bolivia , Nicaragua , and of course the dreaded Venezuela .
It seems to have gone unnoticed that Brazil has taken the same positions as Venezuela and Bolivia on Iran and other foreign policy issues , and has strongly supported Chávez .
Perhaps the leadership of Mexico – a rightwing government that was one of the Bush administration 's few allies in the region – in establishing this new organisation will stimulate some rethinking .
There are structural reasons for this process of increasing independence to continue , even if – and this is not on the horizon – a new government in Washington were to someday move away from its cold war redux approach to the region .
The US has become increasingly less important as a trading partner for the region , especially since the recent recession as our trade deficit has shrunk .
The region also increasingly has other sources of investment capital .
The collapse of the IMF's creditors ' cartel in the region has also eliminated the most important avenue of Washington 's influence .
The new organisation is sorely needed .
The Honduran coup was a threat to democracy in the entire region , as it encouraged other rightwing militaries and their allies to think that they might drag Latin America back to the days when the local elite , with Washington 's help , could overturn the will of the electorate .
An organisation without the US and Canada will be more capable of defending democracy , as well as economic and social progress in the region when it is under attack .
It will also have a positive influence in helping to create a more multipolar world internationally .
A weekly comic strip , covering politics , pop culture , and the absurd .
Crappy Electronics
Show
Sucky , the Good Morning Clock .
Luke Wilson Bobblehead
Shill " I 'm an expert !
For some reason . "
Moses Tablet " Screw Apple !
To Hell with Android !
This shit runs on lightning bolts ! "
1D HDTV " The line !
It 's so crisp ! "
Not Quite Augmented Reality App " Stuff . Things "
Illiterate Scribble to Speech Machine " I love my truck very much .
Glenn Beck has many interesting ideas . "
Full Body Rater
" Oh , she 's a six .
Maybe a seven after a couple beers . "
" I 'm sorry ma'am .
This machine is an asshole . "
So , judging from the traffic coming in this past day , people are very interested in the Dresden Files Role Playing Game preview sent to the playtesters a couple of days ago .
I ’m still working my way through the books ( did I mention it ’s almost 700 pages ? ) , but I figured I ’d do two things to help satisfy the desire for information .
First , I ’m going to invite questions .
Want to know something about the game ?
Leave a question in the comments , and I ’ll do my best to answer it .
One proviso : I ’m working from the preview and , while it ’s fairly complete , there may still be some last - minute changes .
From what I ’ve seen , I doubt it , but you should know .
Second , I ’m going to put a chapter - by - chapter breakdown of the two books below , with a brief comment on what ’s in each chapter .
That ’ll give you some idea of what to expect when the book comes out and you go buy it .
Because you are going to buy it , right ?
Right .
Volume One : Your Story
This book is about playing the game .
It ’s a combination of player book and GM book ; the co-operative nature of setting up the game advocated in the book makes this a natural choice .
Chapter One : Harry ’s World
This chapter gives a short overview of default game world , based on the Harry Dresden books by Jim Butcher .
It lays out some important concepts that you need to understand about the underlying assumptions of the world and game , including a section on Maxims of the Dresdenverse .
Chapter Two : The Basics
Here you get the bones of the FATE system , the modified version of FUDGE that ’s the engine driving the game .
It covers the mechanics of your character sheet , the dice you roll , what they mean , and how to use Fate Points .
Chapter Three : City Creation
Part of the fun of playing DFRPG is creating the city to be a home base for the game .
This chapter walks you through the steps , including showing you where in the process you create the PCs .
The system is more structured and focused than the playtest version , and you wind up with a nice collection of aspects and NPCs for your city , as well as some good dynamic situations for your players to deal with .
Now , there ’s a sidebar in this chapter that talks about how you do n’t really have to do this step as a group with your players .
They recommend doing it as a group , though , and so do I .
Why ?
because that way you make sure that the city you build has all the pieces for the kinds of stories and conflicts that your players are interested in dealing with .
And it ’ll give you some interesting surprises throughout the process .
Chapter Four : Character Creation
In the previous chapter , they recommend that you do the character creation as part of the city creation , to help tie the characters more tightly into the setting .
This is a good idea .
They also recommend doing character creation as a group .
I think this is essential for any FATE game .
The novel phase of character creation pretty much demands it .
They also mention the idea of having the GM create a character , and I found this to be a great idea in the playtest .
We had multiple playtest character generation sessions , and I created a number of NPCs this way .
It gave me a nice stable of NPCs with ties to and history with the PCs .
I ’m going to go one step farther than their recommendation , though ; I ’m going to suggest holding a couple of extra character creation sessions to have your players help put together some NPCs .
Chapter Five : Types & Templates
This is where they list the different types of characters available , and what powers and stunts you need .
The options outlined here are :
Pure Mortal
Champion of God
Changeling
Emissary of Power
Focused Practitioner
Knight of a Faerie Court
Lycanthrope
Minor Talent
Red Court Infected
Sorcerer
True Believer
Were - Form
White Court Vampire
White Court Virgin
Wizard
There ’s also a discussion about what to do if you do n’t want to play one of these archetypes , but instead want to play something different , like , say , a Ghoul .
Really , it ’s pretty easy and flexible .
Chapter Six : Advancement
I have n’t looked closely at this section yet , but along with the standard information about how the characters advance , there ’s also a section on how your city advances , which I think is a brilliant idea .
Chapter Seven : Aspects
Aspects are the meat of the system .
They ’re what makes FATE work .
The discussion in this chapter spells out everything you need to know about them , including the kinds of things that make good Aspects , and what I call the Aspect Trick – picking Aspects that do double or triple duty for you .
Chapter Eight : Skills
Not much to say about this chapter .
It ’s skills - Â the list of them , how to use them in different situations and for different purposes , stuff like that .
Chapter Nine : Mortal Stunts
Stunts are what give mortals their edge in the game .
The way things balance , mortals will be the ones with the most stunts available to them .
These are usually special ways to use some skills , or a different thing you can spend a Fate Point on , little things like that .
Nothing huge , but stunts can really add flavour and variety to a character .
The chapter consists of three pages of rules for creating your own stunts , and then about nine pages of example stunts .
This is very nice ; one of the things my group had asked for during playtest was an expanded list of example stunts .
And Evil Hat came through in spades .
Chapter Ten : Supernatural Powers
The counterpart to the stunts of the previous chapter , supernatural powers are the extra gravy you get for playing a supernatural character – the things that set you apart .
These are expensive , and really cut into the Refresh Rate of Fate Points .
This is the primary balance mechanic between mortal and supernatural characters , the thing that lets you play a Karin Murphy alongside a Harry Dresden .
There ’s about thirty pages of these , and it covers a wide enough range to let you build just about anything you want .
Chapter Eleven : Playing the Game
This section covers pretty much the entire mechanics of the game – it ’s about thirty pages ( well , twenty - eight ) , and handles actions and physical , mental , and social conflicts .
Except for spellcasting , this is all the system you need .
The system is great for running very cinematic , action - packed scenes , and we found that physical conflicts were threatening enough that the players were worried every time one came up that their characters would die .
This is , I think , important for a game – there needs to be some risk , or success and failure stop mattering .
It also led to some great roleplaying , as players ( and characters ) did their best to figure out ways to avoid the risk of combat , sometimes even just running away .
Chapter Twelve : Living With Magic
Here ’s where the nature and flavour of magic in the Dresdenverse are laid out .
Here , you find out about things like hexing , The Sight , soulgazing , the Laws of Magic , Thresholds , and Wizard biology and senses .
The next chapter tells you how magic works , but this is the chapter that tells you how magic feels .
Chapter Thirteen : Spellcasting
It ’s a game about modern magic , based on a series of books with a Wizard for a main character .
You better bet that spellcasting gets some love , here .
I ’ve already talked a little about how the system has been changed to bring spellcasters into balance with the other character types .
There have been a couple of other things added that really fill in some gaps : first , along with Evocation and Thaumaturgy , they ’ve added a section on Sponsored Magic , which is essentially what you get when you make a bargain with a demon or a god .
Second , they ’ve included a nice list of examples of all the different things discussed in the chapter : evocations , thaumaturgical rituals , focus items , enchanted items , and potions .
Very useful , because this is the most complex part of the game .
Chapter Fourteen : Running the Game
This is the GM chapter , and covers the GM side of all the things spelled out in other parts of the book .
As is usual with Evil Hat stuff , it ’s solid , useful , and detailed .
The advice is practical and insightful , everything focused on telling a good story with the game .
Chapter Fifteen : Building Scenarios
One of my favourite bits of Spirit of the Century is the section on building adventures .
This chapter does at least as good a job , showing how to build the kinds of situations and events you see in the Dresden Files books .
It ’s all about connections , in this game , tying you into the city and characters you ’ve already created , so that everyone has an emotional investment in what ’s going on .
Chapter Sixteen : Nevermore / Baltimore
All through the city - building chapter , they use the example of Dresdenifying the city of Baltimore .
Here , they give you the results of of the fleshed - out example , a ready - to - play city for your use .
After this , there follows a glossary and index , as well as copies of the various forms and sheets used in the game .
The index is n’t filled in , yet , but the rest of the stuff is complete and useful .
Volume Two : Our World
This is the setting book for the game , though some of the setting elements are covered in Volume One .
As I said previously , you cold probably play the game without this book , but I think you ’re really going to want it .
Especially if you ’re a fan of the books .
It looks like the book is going to open with a new story by Jim Butcher ; for now , they have the short story Restoration of Faith as a placeholder .
Chapter One : Old World Order
Here we ’ve got the low - down on the various power groups in the Dresdenverse and how they relate to one another .
There ’s a detailed discussion of the Unseelie Accords , as well as a lovely little section called Supernatural Conflicts That Could Kill You RIGHT NOW .
Fun stuff .
Chapter Two : What Goes Bump
This chapter has a complete , detailed , statted roster of monsters , spellcasters , animals , and mortals .
This does double - duty , both as a section of adversaries , and as a blueprint for building characters .
It also has a very useful little list of how the various different supernatural baddies stack up against each other , so you can answer that vital question , “ Who would win in a fight between a Faerie Queen and a Dragon ? ”
Chapter Three : Who ’s Who
And this is where you find all your favourite characters from the Dresden Files .
And the ones you love to hate .
And the ones you ’ve completely forgotten about .
This section is amazingly complete – even if you never play the game , if you ’re a fan of the Dresden Files , this book is a wonderful guide to the world .
Chapter Four : Occult Chicago
Carrying on in that theme , here we have Harry ’s city : Chicago , in all it ’s supernatural glory .
Yeah , that ’s right .
Between the two books , you get two , fully - worked up cities , in case you do n’t want to create your own , or if you need some inspiration .
Because of the wealth of source material in the series , Chicago is a little more fleshed - out than Baltimore , and it ’s got a lot of good information for play .
That ’s it .
After that , you get the index .
So , there ’s the look at the two volumes of the game .
I gotta say , it ’s impressing me more and more as I read through it .
It ’s good stuff .
I ca n’t wait to buy my hard copies this summer .
But that ’s enough out of me .
What are you folks interested in ?
What questions can I answer ?
Let me know , and I ’ll do my best .
Liberal MLA Abel LeBlanc was expelled from the New Brunswick legislature Thursday for extending his middle finger at an Opposition MLA .
The member for Saint John Lancaster made the gesture at Rothesay Progressive Conservative MLA Margaret - Ann Blaney after question period .
The house Speaker , Roy Boudreau , called on LeBlanc to either apologize or leave .
LeBlanc opted to leave .
It 's unclear how long the suspension will last .
Premier Shawn Graham told reporters he was extremely disappointed with LeBlanc 's actions .
" It 's totally unacceptable , " Graham said .
Graham would n't say whether LeBlanc will be suspended from the Liberal caucus , but he said he thought the Speaker 's punishment was appropriate .
Accused of heckling
The incident occurred after Opposition house leader Paul Robichaud accused LeBlanc of repeatedly heckling Blaney .
" It happens all the time , Mr. Speaker … I believe that this is enough , " Robichaud said during a point of order .
" We heard enough of those kinds of insults coming from the MLA for Saint John Lancaster , and I believe , Mr. Speaker , the MLA for Saint John Lancaster should apologize to the MLA for Rothesay . "
Boudreau urged everyone to behave .
" We 're talking here about respect and decorum toward everybody in the house — men or women , " he said .
" I know it becomes very boisterous at times , very emotional at times , but respect is No. 1 . "
Moments after Boudreau finished speaking , there were audible gasps from the Progressive Conservatives .
" Oh my , God — he just gave the finger , " someone exclaimed .
" That 's enough , " said another .
" I saw it ! "
Robichaud complained again , but LeBlanc refused to apologize .
" I 'll not apologize in this house for that young lady over there , " he said , before accusing Blaney of telling lies about Saint John - Fundy MLA Stuart Jamieson .
Jamieson was asked to step down as tourism minister on Friday for suggesting the controversial deal between NB Power and Hydro - Québec should go to a referendum .
LeBlanc did not elaborate on the alleged lies before extending his middle finger again at another Tory MLA and shaking his fist .
" I 'm gonna tell you , Dale [ Graham , Tory MLA for Carleton ] , I 'll walk outside with any one of yas here , " LeBlanc said .
" Do n't ever laugh at me .
Yes , I gave you that .
And I 'll give you that again .
And I 'll give you this if you want to go outside .
You 're a punk ! "
Jamie Leigh Jones worked for KBR when she was brutally gang raped and imprisoned by co-workers and later rescued by her Texas - based Congressman .
Today , KBR dropped its fight to deny her justice .
But it 's not all good news .
Advertisement
KBR would like us all to know that , like all rape victims , Jamie Leigh Jones was asking for it , because she had a couple drinks and a pleasant conversation with the man who later raped her .
In a press release on their website nauseatingly labeled " Facts About Jamie Leigh Jones Litigation , " they state
Also in Congressional testimony ( and in several media interviews ) , Ms. Jones stated she only took two sips from a drink .
However , several witnesses present at the social gathering outside the barracks observed her having several drinks and flirting with one particular firefighter whom she had socialized with the night before .
She was also seen leaving the gathering with this firefighter .
The firefighter admits that he and Ms. Jones had consensual sex .
However , he is certain that nobody else was present or had sex with Ms. Jones that night .
Advertisement
If you 'd like to read Jones ' original filing , you can : she describes in detail being drugged ( Oh , wait !
Could that be why what she remembers drinking is different than what she was " seen " drinking and why she does n't remember leaving with her rapist ? ) and then waking up bloody and brutalized .
To wit :
Tragically , on the evening on July 28 , 2007 [ sic : it was in 2005 ] , during her off - duty hours , Jamie was drugged ( by what was believed to be Rohypnol ) and brutally raped by , on information and belief , several Halliburton / KBR firefighters , including defendant , Charles Boartz , while she was in her room in the barracks .
When she awoke the next morning still affected by the drug , she found her body naked and severely bruised , with lacerations to her vagina and anus , blood running down her leg , her breast implants were ruptured , and her pectoral muscles torn - which would later require reconstructive surgery .
Upon walking to the rest room , she passed out again .
When she returned to the living area , she found Charles Boartz lying in her bottom bed .
She asked him what had happened , and he confessed to having unprotected sex with her .
Jamie reported the rape to the [ sic ]
Pete Arroyo , one of the operations personnal , who then took her to a KBR medical personnel .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
KBR additionall asserts that because she did n't immediately report the brutalizing rape , charge Boartz and only told Arroyo later that morning , she obviously was n't " really " raped .
In addition to asserting that her night with Charles Boartz that resulted in medically confirmed vaginal and anal tears , bruising , bleeding , torn pectoral muscles and ruptured breast implants
was consensual , KBR denies , too , that there were any other assailants .
According to the PR Department 's statement written by Communications Director Heather Browne , the doctor who performed Jones ' rape kit ( the one that mysteriously " disappeared " somewhere between the KBR medical personnel and the State Departmen while Jones was being held in a container against her will ) never could have confirmed that she was gang raped , so there 's just no way she was gang raped .
As far as KBR is concerned , the whole brutal and horrifying incident is just a little misunderstanding between a woman who'd had a couple of ( totally legal ) drinks and the man who denies either raping her or raping her with others .
Advertisement
Of course , his statements are " facts " about the case and hers are " allegations , " according to Communications Director Heather Browne , who additionally believes it is her job to protect Charles Boartz 's name in addition to his reputation .
Apparently , although Jones has bravely come forward about her sexual assault , Boartz 's good name does n't appear anywhere in Browne 's releases .
In addition , Heather Browne would like you to know that Jones ' is just after the money , because she 's never attempted to " serve " Charles Boartz or her other assailants .
Of course , the decision to prosecute is n't up to the victim , and the government not only initially declined to prosecute but then also discovered that , due to shoddy lawmaking , Boartz and his fellow rapists were actually immune from prosecution under Iraqi law because of the Status of Forces Agreement and immune under U.S. law because they committed the rape abroad but were not military personnel .
In other words , Boartz may or may not be liable under U.S. civil law .
In addition , Charles Boartz is actually labeled as a defendant in the lawsuit that KBR is facing — but serving him might be rather difficult ( especially if he 's in Iraq ) .
KBR could probably tell Jones where Boartz is and assist her in serving him with legal papers , especially if he 's still employed by KBR , ever contributed to a pension or 401k , or is using COBRA to maintain his health coverage if he 's no longer employed , but they undoubtedly like making the point that she has n't served him more than they 'd enjoy serving him with any kind of justice .
Advertisement
KBR On Trial — At Last [ The Nation ]
Facts About Jamie Leigh Jones Litigation [ KBR ]
Jones , Et Al v. Halliburton Company et al [ Justia ]
Victim : Gang - Rape Cover - Up by U.S. , Halliburton / KBR [ ABC News ]
Earlier : " What , Do n't You Always End Up In Need Of Reconstructive Surgery After A Night Of Good Consensual Sex ? "
DoD To Jamie Leigh Jones : You 're On Your Own , Sweetie
Defense Contractors : If It Was n't For Diplomatic Immunity - Protected Rape , They 'd Never Get Laid
Justice For All
Iraq Sexual Assault Victim : " I Felt Safer On The Convoys With The Army Than I Ever Did Working For KBR "
KBR Arbitration Awards Another Assault Victim
Jamie Leigh Jones Takes On Pro-KBR Senators On Rachel Maddow
Republicans : Defending Rape Victims
Is A " Political " Move
JulietEcho has written a couple widely - read pieces about polyamory .
But I have to break it to her : polyamory is wrong :
Good to get that off my chest .
Laurie Higgins would be proud .
( Thanks to Ungullible for the link ! )
One of our readers , James , sent us this brilliant article entitled , ‘ What Makes a Good Superhero Film ? ’ and in the current climate of directors being pulled left right and centre on some of the biggest superhero movie + films like Kick - Ass coming out , there was no better time to post it .
We want this post to be interactive so please tell us your thoughts in the comments below and if you completely disagree with James , feel free to say so but back it up with why .
So , to find out the answer to the question , read on ……
With the news of yet another superhero re-boot ( Spider - Man ) and following on from the recent successes of The Dark Knight in particular , as well as Iron Man , it seemed an appropriate time to discuss superhero films in a little more detail .
Indeed , with the Green Lantern film in production , Iron Man 2 to come this year and the prospect of more comic - book based films from Marvel building up to the Avengers in 2012 , with the possibility of new Batman and Superman films in the next three or four years , this is as good as it has ever been for comic - book fans .
There have been a lot of comic book films since the first major one – Richard Donner ’s brilliant “ Super - Man The Movie ” appropriately enough , given he was the first superhero and the term was inspired by him .
Indeed Christopher Nolan , the man behind the success of the last two Batman films , said when he began making “ Batman Begins ” that one of his biggest inspirations was Donner ’s masterpiece with the Man of Steel , specifically in how it approached the character .
And I would say that ‘ The Dark Knight ’ and ‘ Superman ’ are the best two superhero films ever made ( tell us yours in the comments below ) .
So what does make a great superhero film ?
Here ’s a few suggestions with examples , both good and bad … .
1. Stick to the heart of the character (s )
This is such a simple and obvious idea , yet sometimes people forget it .
The secret of success for the recent Batman films and the original Superman was that they tapped into the heart of the character .
They did n’t mess with the basics , and they did n’t try to be clever with the character .
Batman has always been a dark , brooding , ruthless character , tormented and driven by his past and his demons , fighting against all the odds .
Superman at his heart was always a character who represented an ideal , who inspired hope , who stood for certain values , who set the example .
A man who did the right thing .
Even with Spider - Man , they stuck to the essence of the character , Peter Parker , and his relationship with Mary Jane Watson , which is the essence of the character .
It works .
2 . Do n’t overload the film with villains
Batman and Robin – arguably the worst superhero film ever – had about three or four villains .
Spider - Man 3 – a big disappointment after the first two – had three villains .
Superman IV – one of the worst superhero films – had two or three villains .
Batman Begins , The Dark Knight and Superman The Movie , as well as the first two Spider - Man films and Iron Man , had one major villain .
Notice the pattern ?
Stick to one major villain instead of two or three , it makes a massive difference .
Otherwise you have to explain the origins and history of more than one character , which takes time and can make the film rushed and cluttered .
Spider - Man 3 was the best example of how this can happen .
Its a big temptation , because some studios think more villains = bigger box office draw , which is not true at all .
Keep it to one .
3 . Give the superhero human problems , make them authentic
Superheroes may be invincible – especially Superman – but in their own personal relationships and lives – work , money , women for example , personal sacrifices they make which we do n’t have to make , they face some of the same problems we do .
I think people worry too much about making superheroes ‘ dark ’ when they should just be making them real , and authentic .
Give them problems that superpowers can’t solve .
In Spider - Man , Peter Parker is constantly having to sacrifice a happy life with Mary Jane , success , his studies , his best friend and a stable job in order to be Spider - Man .
In Superman , Clark Kent is in love with Lois .
He is conflicted from doing the right thing ( not turning the earth back and interfering with history ) , or following his heart and disobeying his real father .
In the recent Batman films Bruce Wayne has always been conflicted by his deep desire to have a happy life with his true love and his commitment and obligation to protect Gotham and avenge his parents .
Not only that but he does n’t have any powers , and has gone through the grief and pain of losing his parents , which means we can relate to him a little more .
4 . Get the right director and a big budget , not one or the other
Richard Donner , Bryan Singer , Sam Raimi and Christopher Nolan all had several things in common .
They all clearly had a vision for the franchise and where they wanted to take it , they all understood the heart of the character (s ) and did n’t mess with it , in the main had a real love for the character (s ) and were all in themselves excellent directors .
Many of the worst superhero films have suffered from a lack of investment , which has led to poor special effects and corner cutting .
Superman IV suffered from this most clearly .
Either they ’ve had big budgets and bad directors or vice versa , or sometimes neither .
Its vital to have both to make it work , especially post -Avatar .
5 . Get a good script
This ca n’t be underestimated .
The story needs to be strong , it needs to be powerful , it needs to be character driven and to tap into the heart the character and bring conflict into it , with one strong villain .
All the best superhero films have this at their heart .
6 . Get the casting right – in both heroes , girlfriends and villains
Christopher Reeve , Margot Kidder , Marlon Brando & Gene Hackman in Superman .
Tobey Maguire and Kirsten Dunst in Spider - Man , and Christian Bale , Michael Caine and Heath Ledger in the Batman films – and indeed , Hugh Jackman , Patrick Stewart and Ian McKellen in X - Men .
All superb actors born for their roles .
All hugely successful films .
It makes a big difference .
7. Reboot when necessary , and keep it relevant
Spider - Man is getting a reboot when , in my opinion he does n’t need it .
Batman needed a reboot and got it from Christopher Nolan and we hear Superman is getting a reboot – which he needed all along .
‘ Superman Returns ’ was a good film but it appeared to be about a Superman from the 80’s , not a Superman for the 21st century .
It was a wasted opportunity .
You need to keep the characters and their worlds relevant , to sometimes take away or change elements of their world to keep them fresh .
As long as you do n’t take the heart of the character .
8. Comic book films do n’t equal kiddie films
A large proportion of comic book fans are adults , the characters are adults , and its set in a real world today .
The films need to appeal to young people in one sense , but also be grounded enough in reality to appeal to adults .
The Batman films , the early Spider - Man films and Superman all did this brilliantly .
This , I fear , may be one of the failings of the next set of Spider - Man films .
9 . Keep it real
Already been hinted at , but very important .
Do n’t set the films in some fantasy version of the world which is n’t authentic or believable , but in the real world where people face real issues and which has real problems .
The trick is to take these fantastical characters , and make them real people in a real world .
This applies to the costumes too , although with some , like Spider - Man and Superman , this would mess with the heart of the character , whereas with X - Men it clearly does n’t .
But adapt and change little things , make it real and keep the heart .
10 . Get a ‘ Kick - Ass ’ soundtrack
Superman , the Christopher Nolan Batman films and the Spider - Man films all had excellent soundtracks , memorable and recognizable ( especially Superman ) , which define their character .
It may seem a small thing , but its important .
11 . They are n’t comedies
One of the problems with Batman and Robin and Superman III especially , with the poor casting of Richard Prior ( who is a great comedian ) is that there was too much comedy , too much cheese .
Obviously there needs to be room for irony and in - jokes , especially with characters like Superman and Spider - Man who are a little ‘ lighter ’ than Batman , but they ca n’t be made as comedy films trying to be deliberately funny and not taking the characters seriously .
They need to be taken seriously .
The first Superman got a great balance between being serious , but also having a small tongue in cheek in jokes in character .
The balance has to be right .
12 . Do n’t rush it
If it takes a while to get the right combination , then wait .
Its better to wait and get it right , than rush it and get it wrong .
Do n’t rush out a sequel to cash in or meet a date , take your time to get it right .
All the best superhero films have taken their time and have reaped the benefits .
13 .
Do n’t break any of these rules
You need to remember all these factors when it comes to making your film , and should n’t sacrifice or ignore any of them .
So , there it is .
A long list , but I think it just about covers everything .
Its not easy to get a comic book adaption / superhero film right .
When it goes right it can be amazing ( The Dark Knight / Superman ) , when people get it wrong with the same characters it can be a disaster ( Batman and Robin / Superman IV ) .
We have a Spiderman and Superman reboot , Green Lantern and the Avengers at least to look forward to as new franchises .
Lets hope they get it right .
In the Netherlands , a third of the money spent on bicycles last year went to electric - powered models .
Industry experts predict similar growth elsewhere in Europe , especially in Germany , France and Italy , as rising interest in cycling coincides with an aging population .
India had virtually no sales until two years ago , but its nascent market is fast expanding and could eclipse Europe ’s in the next year .
Image Roger Phillips , 78 , uses an electric bicycle in Manhattan , although they are not officially permitted on New York streets .
Credit ... Nicole Bengiveno / The New York Times
“ The growth has been tremendous in the last two years , ” said Naveen Munjal , managing director of Hero Electric , a division of India ’s largest bicycle and motorcycle maker .
He expects sales at Hero to increase to 250,000 electric bikes in 2012 , from 100,000 in 2009 .
While the American market has been modest  about 200,000 bikes sold last year , by some estimates  interest is rising , said Jay Townley , a bicycle industry consultant .
Best Buy began selling electric bicycles in June at 19 stores in San Francisco , Los Angeles and Portland , Ore .
Trek , a manufacturer based in Wisconsin , recently began selling a bike created by Gary Fisher , a prominent bicycle designer .
“ Electric - assisted bicycles will change how people think about bikes in urban areas , ” predicted Mr. Chiu of San Francisco , who has been riding a prototype of the Trek bike since the summer .
Improvements in technology are resulting in lighter designs that appeal to older cyclists .
“ Now you ’ve got a product you can present to a baby boomer , ” Mr. Townley said .
New York City ’s largest electric bike store , NYCeWheels , opened in 2001 , and in the last few years , business has been growing , said Bert Cebular , the owner .
In Chinatown , electric bikes are showing up on nearly every corner and several shops have recently appeared , selling bikes imported from Chinese factories .
As the global market develops , two types of electric bikes are emerging .
One is similar to a standard bicycle with pedals , but it has an electric motor that engages on command or when the cyclist pedals .
These are the most popular type in the United States and Europe , with many people using the electric motor mainly for help in wind or on steep hills .
“ It really is a major changing of the guard , and this is the end of the Kennedy dynasty , ” Darrell M. West , a Brookings Institute scholar and author of “ Patrick Kennedy : The Rise to Power . ”
“ People have been speculating about its demise for the past few years .
It ’s over . ”
Image Representative Patrick J. Kennedy before the State of the Union address on Jan. 27 .
Credit ... Stephen Crowley / The New York Times
The death of his father was a “ monumental loss ” to Mr. Kennedy , said former Representative Jim Ramstad , a Minnesota Republican who had served as Mr. Kennedy ’s “ sponsor ” in a recovery program for substance abusers .
“ He has been dealing with his grief as well as can be expected , ” Mr. Ramstad said .
“ But it ’s been tough .
It ’s always tough . ”
Friends said Mr. Kennedy was able to soldier on through the first few weeks after his father ’s death .
He delivered a eulogy at the funeral , spoke to former staff members in front of the Capitol and visited people who had worked for years in his father ’s various offices .
But , Mr. Ramstad said , Mr. Kennedy was “ burned out on Congress , ” and after the ceremonies surrounding his father ’s death subsided , he endured some difficult weeks around the holidays .
While that did not determine his decision , it might have hastened it , friends said .
And seeing Scott Brown , a Republican , win election to his father ’s longtime Senate seat in Massachusetts was bitterly disappointing , something Mr. Kennedy let slip last week when he called the election of Mr. Brown “ a joke . ”
People who had seen Mr. Kennedy recently around the Capitol said he had appeared weary .
Friends said that attending President Obama ’s State of the Union address on Jan. 27 was especially emotional for him because it was an experience he had always shared with his father .
Like Ted Kennedy , Patrick Kennedy had grown close to the president , most recently sharing a ride in his cabin on Air Force One as they traveled to Boston to campaign for Martha Coakley , the Massachusetts attorney general , who lost to Mr. Brown .
Mr. Kennedy approached the president after the State of the Union speech and gave him a big hug .
Professor Hamilton with the artificial artery
An artificial artery is set to be tested in human trials early this year .
London 's Royal Free Hospital used nanotechnology to develop the small bypass graft from a polymer material .
The material enables the graft to mimic the natural pulsing of human blood vessels , which enables them to deliver nutrients to the body 's tissues .
The ultimate aim is to use the graft in coronary artery and lower - limb arterial surgery , which doctors say could reduce amputations and heart attacks .
If the trials - funded by a grant of £ 500,000 - are successful , the device could potentially help thousands of patients with vascular disease .
The wall of the artery is designed to be able to withstand blood pressure throughout a person 's lifetime and is normally very strong .
If it is damaged by disease such as hardening of the arteries , the artery can become blocked or in some patients the wall can weaken , becoming an aneurysm , and it may rupture .
We will be able to reduce heart attacks , reduce amputations and ultimately save lives
Professor George Hamilton
Royal Free Hospital
The current surgical treatment is to bypass or replace the damaged vessel using a plastic graft or preferably a vein taken from the patient 's own leg .
But many patients do not have suitable veins .
The plastic grafts were originally made with the same nylon used to make " drip - dry " shirts .
But although they work well for larger grafts , they are less successful for grafts of less than 8 mm .
This is because these materials cannot pulse and their surfaces stimulate clotting of the blood in the graft .
Lives lost Researcher Professor George Hamilton said : " There is a high failure rate using these rigid , small diameter bypass grafts .
" Many patients who have needed smaller bypass grafts , but have not had suitable veins , have had limbs amputated and some patients unable to have coronary bypass surgery have had heart attacks and died . "
The new artificial artery has been designed to mimic the natural version as closely as possible .
It is strong , flexible , resistant to blood clotting and pulses rhythmically to match the beat of the heart .
Using nanotechnology , the researchers incorporated specific microscopic molecules into the graft .
Some aid circulation , while others encourage specialised stem cells to coat its lining , boosting its ability to repair damaged blood vessels still further .
Professor Hamilton said : " This will be hugely beneficial to patients in the NHS as we will be able to reduce heart attacks , reduce amputations and ultimately save lives . "
In the long - term , the team hope to develop a range of " off the shelf " grafts , stents and other devices .
Judy O'Sullivan , of the British Heart Foundation , said : " We welcome this interesting development which could potentially be of enormous benefits to patients who need a bypass operation to treat their coronary heart disease .
" The availability of suitable artificial arterial grafts would mean that more patients could benefit from the bypass operation whilst avoiding having a wound following removal of a patient 's own veins or arteries to be used as grafts , as current practice requires . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Literature Network » Charles Darwin » Descent of Man » Chapter 20
CHAPTER XX.SECONDARY SEXUAL CHARACTERS OF MAN - Continued .WE have seen in the last chapter that with all barbarous races ornaments , dress , and external appearance are highly valued ; and that the men judge of the beauty of their women by widely different standards .
We must next inquire whether this preference and the consequent selection during many generations of those women , which appear to the men of each race the most attractive , has altered the character either of the females alone , or of both sexes .
With mammals the general rule appears to be that characters of all kinds are inherited equally by the males and females ; we might therefore expect that with mankind any characters gained by the females or by the males through sexual selection would commonly be transferred to the offspring of both sexes .
If any change has thus been effected , it is almost certain that the different races would be differently modified , as each has its own standard of beauty .
With mankind , especially with savages , many causes interfere with the action of sexual selection as far as the bodily frame is concerned .
Civilised men are largely attracted by the mental charms of women , by their wealth , and especially by their social position ; for men rarely marry into a much lower rank .
The men who succeed in obtaining the more beautiful women will not have a better chance of leaving a long line of descendants than other men with plainer wives , save the few who bequeath their fortunes according to primogeniture .
With respect to the opposite form of selection , namely , of the more attractive men by the women , although in civilised nations women have free or almost free choice , which is not the case with barbarous races , yet their choice is largely influenced by the social position and wealth of the men ; and the success of the latter in life depends much on their intellectual powers and energy , or on the fruits of these same powers in their forefathers .
No excuse is needed for treating this subject in some detail ; for , as the German philosopher Schopenhauer remarks , " the final aim of all love intrigues , be they comic or tragic , is really of more importance than all other ends in human life .
What it all turns upon is nothing less than the composition of the next generation ....
It is not the weal or woe of any one individual , but that of the human race to come , which is here at stake . " *
* " Schopenhauer and Darwinism , " in Journal of Anthropology , Jan. , 1871 , p. 323 .
There is , however , reason to believe that in certain civilised and semi-civilised nations sexual selection has effected something in modifying the bodily frame of some of the members .
Many persons are convinced , as it appears to me with justice , that our aristocracy , including under this term all wealthy families in which primogeniture has long prevailed , from having chosen during many generations from all classes the more beautiful women as their wives , have become handsomer , according to the European standard , than the middle classes ; yet the middle classes are placed under equally favourable conditions of life for the perfect development of the body .
Cook remarks that the superiority in personal appearance " which is observable in the erees or nobles in all the other islands ( of the Pacific ) is found in the Sandwich Islands " ; but this may be chiefly due to their better food and manner of life .
The old traveller Chardin , in describing the Persians , says their " blood is now highly refined by frequent intermixtures with the Georgians and Circassians , two nations which surpass all the world in personal beauty .
There is hardly a man of rank in Persia who is not born of a Georgian or Circassian mother . "
He adds that they inherit their beauty , " not from their ancestors , for without the above mixture , the men of rank in Persia , who are descendants of the Tartars , would be extremely ugly . " *
Here is a more curious case ; the priestesses who attended the temple of Venus Erycina at San- Giuliano in Sicily , were selected for their beauty out of the whole of Greece ; they were not vestal virgins , and Quatrefages , *( 2 ) who states the foregoing fact , says that the women of San - Giuliano are now famous as the most beautiful in the island , and are sought by artists as models .
But it is obvious that the evidence in all the above cases is doubtful .
* These quotations are taken from Lawrence ( Lectures on Physiology , &c. , 1822 , p. 393 ) , who attributes the beauty of the upper classes in England to the men having long selected the more beautiful women .
* ( 2) " Anthropologie , " Revue des Cours Scientifiques , Oct. , 1868 , p. 721 .
The following case , though relating to savages , is well worth giving for its curiosity .
Mr. Winwood Reade informs me that the Jollofs , a tribe of negroes on the west coast of Africa , " are remarkable for their uniformly fine appearance . "
A friend of his asked one of these men , " How is it that every one whom I meet is so fine looking , not only your men but your women ? "
The Jollof answered , " It is very easily explained : it has always been our custom to pick out our worst - looking slaves and to sell them . "
It need hardly be added that with all savages , female slaves serve as concubines .
That this negro should have attributed , whether rightly or wrongly , the fine appearance of his tribe to the long - continued elimination of the ugly women is not so surprising as it may at first appear ; for I have elsewhere shewn * that negroes fully appreciate the importance of selection in the breeding of their domestic animals , and I could give from Mr. Reade additional evidence on this head .
* Variation of Animals and Plants under Domestication , vol. i. , p. 207 .
The Causes which prevent or check the Action of Sexual Selection with Savages . -
The chief causes are , first , so - called communal marriages or promiscuous intercourse ; secondly , the consequences of female infanticide ; thirdly , early betrothals ; and lastly , the low estimation in which women are held , as mere slaves .
These four points must be considered in some detail .
It is obvious that as long as the pairing of man , or of any other animal , is left to mere chance , with no choice exerted by either sex , there can be no sexual selection ; and no effect will be produced on the offspring by certain individuals having had an advantage over others in their courtship .
Now it is asserted that there exist at the present day tribes which practise what Sir J. Lubbock by courtesy calls communal marriages ; that is , all the men and women in the tribe are husbands and wives to one another .
The licentiousness of many savages is no doubt astonishing , but it seems to me that more evidence is requisite , before we fully admit that their intercourse is in any case promiscuous .
Nevertheless all those who have most closely studied the subject , * and whose judgment is worth much more than mine , believe that communal marriage ( this expression being variously guarded ) was the original and universal form throughout the world , including therein the intermarriage of brothers and sisters .
The late Sir A. Smith , who had travelled widely in S. Africa , and knew much about the habits of savages there and elsewhere , expressed to me the strongest opinion that no race exists in which woman is considered as the property of the community .
I believe that his judgment was largely determined by what is implied by the term marriage .
Throughout the following discussion I use the term in the same sense as when naturalists speak of animals as monogamous , meaning thereby that the male is accepted by or chooses a single female , and lives with her either during the breeding - season or for the whole year , keeping possession of her by the law of might ; or , as when they speak of a polygamous species , meaning that the male lives with several females .
This kind of marriage is all that concerns us here , as it suffices for the work of sexual selection .
But I know that some of the writers above referred to imply by the term marriage a recognised right protected by the tribe .
* Sir J. Lubbock , The Origin of Civilisation , 1870 , chap. iii. , especially pp. 60 - 67 .
Mr. M'Lennan , in his extremely valuable work on Primitive Marriage , 1865 , p. 163 , speaks of the union of the sexes " in the earliest times as loose , transitory , and in some degree promiscuous . "
Mr. M'Lennan and Sir J. Lubbock have collected much evidence on the extreme licentiousness of savages at the present time .
Mr. L. H. Morgan , in his interesting memoir of the classificatory system of relationship .
( Proceedings of the American Academy of Sciences , vol. vii. , Feb. , 1868 , p. 475 ) , concludes that polygamy and all forms of marriage during primeval times were essentially unknown .
It appears also , from Sir. J. Lubbock 's work , that Bachofen likewise believes that communal intercourse .
originally prevailed .
The indirect evidence in favour of the belief of the former prevalence of communal marriages is strong , and rests chiefly on the terms of relationship which are employed between the members of the same tribe , implying a connection with the tribe , and not with either parent .
But the subject is too large and complex for even an abstract to be here given , and I will confine myself to a few remarks .
It is evident in the case of such marriages , or where the marriage tie is very loose , that the relationship of the child to its father can not be known .
But it seems almost incredible that the relationship of the child to its mother should ever be completely ignored , especially as the women in most savage tribes nurse their infants for a long time .
Accordingly , in many cases the lines of descent are traced through the mother alone , to the exclusion of the father .
But in other cases the terms employed express a connection with the tribe alone , to the exclusion even of the mother .
It seems possible that the connection between the related members of the same barbarous tribe , exposed to all sorts of danger , might be so much more important , owing to the need of mutual protection and aid , than that between the mother and her child , as to lead to the sole use of terms expressive of the former relationships ; but Mr. Morgan is convinced that this view is by no means sufficient .
The terms of relationship used in different parts of the world may be divided , according to the author just quoted , into two great classes , the classificatory and descriptive , the latter being employed by us .
It is the classificatory system which so strongly leads to the belief that communal and other extremely loose forms of marriage were originally universal
But as far as I can see , there is no necessity on this ground for believing in absolutely promiscuous intercourse ; and I am glad to find that this is Sir J. Lubbock 's view .
Men and women , like many of the lower animals , might formerly have entered into strict though temporary unions for each birth , and in this case nearly as much confusion would have arisen in the terms of relationship as in the case of promiscuous intercourse .
As far as sexual selection is concerned , all that is required is that choice should be exerted before the parents unite , and it signifies little whether the unions last for life or only for a season .
Besides the evidence derived from the terms of relationship , other lines of reasoning indicate the former wide prevalence of communal marriage .
Sir J. Lubbock accounts for the strange and widely - extended habit of exogamy - that is , the men of one tribe taking wives from a distinct tribe , - by communism having been the original form of intercourse ; so that a man never obtained a wife for himself unless he captured her from a neighbouring and hostile tribe , and then she would naturally have become his sole and valuable property .
Thus the practice of capturing wives might have arisen ; and from the honour so gained it might ultimately have become the universal habit .
According to Sir J. Lubbock , * we can also thus understand " the necessity of expiation for marriage as an infringement of tribal rites , since according to old ideas , a man had no right to appropriate to himself that which belonged to the whole tribe . "
Sir J. Lubbock further gives a curious list of facts shewing that in old times high honour was bestowed on women who were utterly licentious ; and this , as he explains , is intelligible , if we admit that promiscuous intercourse was the aboriginal , and therefore long revered custom of the tribe . *( 2 )
* Address to British Association
On the Social and Religious Condition of the Lower Races of Man , 1870 , p. 20 .
* ( 2 ) Origin of Civilisation , 1870 , p. 86 .
In the several works above quoted , there will be found copious evidence on relationship through the females alone , or with the tribe alone .
Although the manner of development of the marriage tie is an obscure subject , as we may infer from the divergent opinions on several points between the three authors who have studied it most closely , namely , Mr. Morgan , Mr. M'Lennan , and Sir J. Lubbock , yet from the foregoing and several other lines of evidence it seems probable * that the habit of marriage , in any strict sense of the word , has been gradually developed ; and that almost promiscuous or very loose intercourse was once extremely common throughout the world .
Nevertheless , from the strength of the feeling of jealousy all through the animal kingdom , as well as from the analogy of the lower animals , more particularly of those which come nearest to man , I cannot believe that absolutely promiscuous intercourse prevailed in times past , shortly before man attained to his present rank in the zoological scale .
Man , as I have attempted to shew , is certainly descended from some ape - like creature .
With the existing Quadrumana , as far as their habits are known , the males of some species are monogamous , but live during only a part of the year with the females : of this the orang seems to afford an instance .
Several kinds , for example some of the Indian and American monkeys , are strictly monogamous , and associate all the year round with their wives .
Others are polygamous , for example the gorilla and several American species , and each family lives separate .
Even when this occurs , the families inhabiting the same district are probably somewhat social ; the chimpanzee , for instance , is occasionally met with in large bands .
Again , other species are polygamous , but several males , each with his own females , live associated in a body , as with several species of baboons .
*(2) We may indeed conclude from what we know of the jealousy of all male quadrupeds , armed , as many of them are , with special weapons for battling with their rivals , that promiscuous intercourse in a state of nature is extremely improbable .
The pairing may not last for life , but only for each birth ; yet if the males which are the strongest and best able to defend or otherwise assist their females and young , were to select the more attractive females , this would suffice for sexual selection .
* Mr. C. Staniland
Wake argues strongly ( Anthropologia , March , 1874 , p. 197 ) against the views held by these three writers on the former prevalence of almost promiscuous intercourse ; and he thinks that the classificatory system of relationship can be otherwise explained .
*( 2 ) Brehm ( Illustriertes Thierleben , B. i. , p. 77 ) says Cynocephalus hamadryas lives in great troops containing twice as many adult females as adult males .
See Rengger on American polygamous species , and Owen ( Anatomy of Vertebrates , vol. iii. , p. 746 ) on American monogamous species .
Other references might be added .
Therefore , looking far enough back in the stream of time , and judging from the social habits of man as he now exists , the most probable view is that he aboriginally lived in small communities , each with a single wife , or if powerful with several , whom he jealously guarded against all other men .
Or he may not have been a social animal , and yet have lived with several wives , like the gorilla ; for all the natives " agree that but one adult male is seen in a band ; when the young male grows up , a contest takes place for mastery , and the strongest , by killing and driving out the others , establishes himself as the head of the community . " *
The younger males , being thus expelled and wandering about , would , when at last successful in finding a partner , prevent too close interbreeding within the limits of the same family .
* Dr. Savage , in Boston Journal of Natural History , vol. v. , 1845 - 47 , p. 423 .
Although savages are now extremely licentious , and although communal marriages may formerly have largely prevailed , yet many tribes practise some form of marriage , but of a far more lax nature than that of civilised nations .
Polygamy , as just stated , is almost universally followed by the leading men in every tribe .
Nevertheless there are tribes , standing almost at the bottom of the scale , which are strictly monogamous .
This is the case with the Veddahs of Ceylon : they have a saying , according to Sir J. Lubbock , * " that death alone can separate husband and wife . "
An intelligent Kandyan chief , of course a polygamist , " was perfectly scandalised at the utter barbarism of living with only one wife , and never parting until separated by death . "
It was , he said , " just like the Wanderoo monkey . "
Whether savages who now enter into some form of marriage , either polygamous or monogamous , have retained this habit from primeval times , or whether they have returned to some form of marriage , after passing through a stage of promiscuous intercourse , I will not pretend to conjecture .
* Prehistoric Times , 1869 , p. 424 .
Infanticide .-
This practice is now very common throughout the world , and there is reason to believe that it prevailed much more extensively during former times .*
Barbarians find it difficult to support themselves and their children , and it is a simple plan to kill their infants .
In South America some tribes , according to Azara , formerly destroyed so many infants of both sexes that they were on the point of extinction .
In the Polynesian Islands women have been known to kill from four or five , to even ten of their children ; and Ellis could not find a single woman who had not killed at least one .
In a village on the eastern frontier of India Colonel MacCulloch found not a single female child .
Wherever infanticide * ( 2 ) prevails the struggle for existence will be in so far less severe , and all the members of the tribe will have an almost equally good chance of rearing their few surviving children .
In most cases a larger number of female than of male infants are destroyed , for it is obvious that the latter are of more value to the tribe , as they will , when grown up , aid in defending it , and can support themselves .
But the trouble experienced by the women in rearing children , their consequent loss of beauty , the higher estimation set on them when few , and their happier fate , are assigned by the women themselves , and by various observers , as additional motives for infanticide .
* Mr. M'Lennan , Primitive Marriage , 1865 .
See especially on exogamy and infanticide , pp. 130 , 138 , 165 .
* ( 2 ) Dr. Gerland ( Uber das Aussterben der Naturvolker , 1868 ) has collected much information on infanticide , see especially ss. 27 , 51 , 54 .
Azara ( Voyages , &c. , tom. ii. , pp. 94 , 116 ) enters in detail on the motives .
See also M'Lennan ( ibid. p. 139 ) for cases in India .
In the former reprints of the 2nd edition of this book an incorrect quotation from Sir G. Grey was unfortunately given in the above passage and has now been removed from the text .
When , owing to female infanticide , the women of a tribe were few , the habit of capturing wives from neighbouring tribes would naturally arise .
Sir J. Lubbock , however , as we have seen , attributes the practice in chief part to the former existence of communal marriage , and to the men having consequently captured women from other tribes to hold as their sole property .
Additional causes might be assigned , such as the communities being very small , in which case , marriageable women would often be deficient .
That the habit was most extensively practised during former times , even by the ancestors of civilised nations , is clearly shewn by the preservation of many curious customs and ceremonies , of which Mr. M'Lennan has given an interesting account .
In our own marriages the " best man " seems originally to have been the chief abettor of the bridegroom in the act of capture .
Now as long as men habitually procured their wives through violence and craft , they would have been glad to seize on any woman , and would not have selected the more attractive ones .
But as soon as the practice of procuring wives from a distinct tribe was effected through barter , as now occurs in many places , the more attractive women would generally have been purchased .
The incessant crossing , however , between tribe and tribe , which necessarily follows from any form of this habit , would tend to keep all the people inhabiting the same country nearly uniform in character ; and this would interfere with the power of sexual selection in differentiating the tribes .
The scarcity of women , consequent on female infanticide , leads , also , to another practice , that of polyandry , still common in several parts of the world , and which formerly , as Mr. M'Lennan believes , prevailed almost universally : but this latter conclusion is doubted by Mr. Morgan and Sir J. Lubbock . *
Whenever two or more men are compelled to marry one woman , it is certain that all the women of the tribe will get married , and there will be no selection by the men of the more attractive women .
But under these circumstances the women no doubt will have the power of choice , and will prefer the more attractive men .
Azara , for instance , describes how carefully a Guana woman bargains for all sorts of privileges , before accepting some one or more husbands ; and the men in consequence take unusual care of their personal appearance .
So amongst the Todas of India , who practise polyandry , the girls can accept or refuse any man . *( 2) A very ugly man in these cases would perhaps altogether fail in getting a wife , or get one later in life ; but the handsomer men , although more successful in obtaining wives , would not , as far as we can see , leave more offspring to inherit their beauty than the less handsome husbands of the same women .
* Primitive Marriage , p. 208 ; Sir J. Lubbock , Origin of Civilisation , p. 100 .
See also Mr. Morgan , loc. cit. , on the former prevalence of polyandry .
*( 2) Azara , Voyages , &c. , tom. ii. , pp. 92-95 ; Colonel Marshall , Amongst the Todas , p. 212 .
Early Betrothals and Slavery of Women . -
With many savages it is the custom to betroth the females whilst mere infants ; and this would effectually prevent preference being exerted on either side according to personal appearance .
But it would not prevent the more attractive women from being afterwards stolen or taken by force from their husbands by the more powerful men ; and this often happens in Australia , America , and elsewhere .
The same consequences with reference to sexual selection would to a certain extent follow , when women are valued almost solely as slaves or beasts of burden , as is the case with many savages .
The men , however , at all times would prefer the handsomest slaves according to their standard of beauty .
We thus see that several customs prevail with savages which must greatly interfere with , or completely stop , the action of sexual selection .
On the other hand , the conditions of life to which savages are exposed , and some of their habits , are favourable to natural selection ; and this comes into play at the same time with sexual selection .
Savages are known to suffer severely from recurrent famines ; they do not increase their food by artificial means ; they rarely refrain from marriage , * and generally marry whilst young .
Consequently they must be subjected to occasional hard struggles for existence , and the favoured individuals will alone survive .
* Burchell says ( Travels in S. Africa , vol. ii. , 1824 , p. 58 ) , that among the wild nations of southern Africa , neither men nor women ever pass their lives in a state of celibacy .
Azara ( Voyages dans l'Amerique Merid. , tom. ii. , 1809 , p. 21 ) makes precisely the same remark in regard to the wild Indians of South America .
At a very early period , before man attained to his present rank in the scale , many of his conditions would be different from what now obtains amongst savages .
Judging from the analogy of the lower animals , he would then either live with a single female , or be a polygamist .
The most powerful and able males would succeed best in obtaining attractive females .
They would also succeed best in the general struggle for life , and in defending their females , as well as their offspring , from enemies of all kinds .
At this early period the ancestors of man would not be sufficiently advanced in intellect to look forward to distant contingencies ; they would not foresee that the rearing of all their children , especially their female children , would make the struggle for life severer for the tribe .
They would be governed more by their instincts and less by their reason than are savages at the present day .
They would not at that period have partially lost one of the strongest of all instincts , common to all the lower animals , namely the love of their young offspring ; and consequently they would not have practised female infanticide .
Women would not have been thus rendered scarce , and polyandry would not have been practised ; for hardly any other cause , except the scarcity of women seems sufficient to break down the natural and widely prevalent feeling of jealousy , and the desire of each male to possess a female for himself .
Polyandry would be a natural stepping - stone to communal marriages or almost promiscuous intercourse ; though the best authorities believe that this latter habit preceded polyandry .
During primordial times there would be no early betrothals , for this implies foresight .
Nor would women be valued merely as useful slaves or beasts of burden .
Both sexes , if the females as well as the males were permitted to exert any choice , would choose their partners not for mental charms , or property , or social position , but almost solely from external appearance .
All the adults would marry or pair , and all the offspring , as far as that was possible , would be reared ; so that the struggle for existence would be periodically excessively severe .
Thus during these times all the conditions for sexual selection would have been more favourable than at a later period , when man had advanced in his intellectual powers but had retrograded in his instincts .
Therefore , whatever influence sexual selection may have had in producing the differences between the races of man , and between man and the higher Quadrumana , this influence would have been more powerful at a remote period than at the present day , though probably not yet wholly lost .
The Manner of Action of Sexual Selection with Mankind .-
With primeval man under the favourable conditions just stated , and with those savages who at the present time enter into any marriage tie , sexual selection has probably acted in the following manner , subject to greater or less interference from female infanticide , early betrothals , &c .
The strongest and most vigorous men- those who could best defend and hunt for their families , who were provided with the best weapons and possessed the most property , such as a large number of dogs or other animals , - would succeed in rearing a greater average number of offspring than the weaker and poorer members of the same tribes .
There can , also , be no doubt that such men would generally be able to select the more attractive women .
At present the chiefs of nearly every tribe throughout the world succeed in obtaining more than one wife .
I hear from Mr. Mantell that , until recently , almost every girl in New Zealand who was pretty , or promised to be pretty , was tapu to some chief .
With the Kaffirs , as Mr. C. Hamilton states , * " the chiefs generally have the pick of the women for many miles round , and are most persevering in establishing or confirming their privilege . "
We have seen that each race has its own style of beauty , and we know that it is natural to man to admire each characteristic point in his domestic animals , dress , ornaments , and personal appearance , when carried a little beyond the average .
If then the several foregoing propositions be admitted , and I cannot see that they are doubtful , it would be an inexplicable circumstance if the selection of the more attractive women by the more powerful men of each tribe , who would rear on an average a greater number of children , did not after the lapse of many generations somewhat modify the character of the tribe .
* Anthropological Review , Jan. , 1870 , p. xvi .
When a foreign breed of our domestic animals is introduced into a new country , or when a native breed is long and carefully attended to , either for use or ornament , it is found after several generations to have undergone a greater or less amount of change whenever the means of comparison exist .
This follows from unconscious selection during a long series of generations - that is , the preservation of the most approved individuals - without any wish or expectation of such a result on the part of the breeder .
So again , if during many years two careful breeders rear animals of the same family , and do not compare them together or with a common standard , the animals are found to have become , to the surprise of their owners , slightly different . *
Each breeder has impressed , as von Nathusius well expresses it , the character of his own mind - his own taste and judgment - on his animals .
What reason , then , can be assigned why similar results should not follow from the long - continued selection of the most admired women by those men of each tribe who were able to rear the greatest number of children ?
This would be unconscious selection , for an effect would be produced , independently of any wish or expectation on the part of the men who preferred certain women to others .
* The Variation of Animals and Plants under Domestication , vol. ii. , pp. 210-217 .
Let us suppose the members of a tribe , practising some form of marriage , to spread over an unoccupied continent , they would soon split up into distinct hordes , separated from each other by various barriers , and still more effectually by the incessant wars between all barbarous nations .
The hordes would thus be exposed to slightly different conditions and habits of life , and would sooner or later come to differ in some small degree .
As soon as this occurred , each isolated tribe would form for itself a slightly different standard of beauty ; * and then unconscious selection would come into action through the more powerful and leading men preferring certain women to others .
Thus the differences between the tribes , at first very slight , would gradually and inevitably be more or less increased .
* An ingenious writer argues , from a comparison of the pictures of Raphael , Rubens , and modern French artists , that the idea of beauty is not absolutely the same even throughout Europe : see the Lives of Haydn and Mozart , by Bombet ( otherwise M. Beyle ) , English translation , p. 278 .
With animals in a state of nature , many characters proper to the males , such as size , strength , special weapons , courage and pugnacity , have been acquired through the law of battle .
The semi-human progenitors of man , like their allies the Quadrumana , will almost certainly have been thus modified ; and , as savages still fight for the possession of their women , a similar process of selection has probably gone on in a greater or less degree to the present day .
Other characters proper to the males of the lower animals , such as bright colours and various ornaments , have been acquired by the more attractive males having been preferred by the females .
There are , however , exceptional cases in which the males are the selectors , instead of having been the selected .
We recognise such cases by the females being more highly ornamented than the males , - their ornamental characters having been transmitted exclusively or chiefly to their female offspring .
One such case has been described in the order to which man belongs , that of the Rhesus monkey .
Man is more powerful in body and mind than woman , and in the savage state he keeps her in a far more abject state of bondage than does the male of any other animal ; therefore it is not surprising that he should have gained the power of selection .
Women are everywhere conscious of the value of their own beauty ; and when they have the means , they take more delight in decorating themselves with all sorts of ornaments than do men .
They borrow the plumes of male birds , with which nature has decked this sex , in order to charm the females .
As women have long been selected for beauty , it is not surprising that some of their successive variations should have been transmitted exclusively to the same sex ; consequently that they should have transmitted beauty in a somewhat higher degree to their female than to their male offspring , and thus have become more beautiful , according to general opinion , than men .
Women , however , certainly transmit most of their characters , including some beauty , to their offspring of both sexes ; so that the continued preference by the men of each race for the more attractive women , according to their standard of taste , will have tended to modify in the same manner all the individuals of both sexes belonging to the race .
With respect to the other form of sexual selection ( which with the lower animals is much the more common ) , namely , when the females are the selectors , and accept only those males which excite or charm them most , we have reason to believe that it formerly acted on our progenitors .
Man in all probability owes his beard , and perhaps some other characters , to inheritance from an ancient progenitor who thus gained his ornaments .
But this form of selection may have occasionally acted during later times ; for in utterly barbarous tribes the women have more power in choosing , rejecting , and tempting their lovers , or of afterwards changing their husbands , than might have been expected .
As this is a point of some importance , I will give in detail such evidence as I have been able to collect .
Hearne describes how a woman in one of the tribes of Arctic America repeatedly ran away from her husband and joined her lover ; and with the Charruas of S. America , according to Azara , divorce is quite optional .
Amongst the Abipones , a man on choosing a wife bargains with the parents about the price .
But " it frequently happens that the girl rescinds what has been agreed upon between the parents and the bridegroom , obstinately rejecting the very mention of marriage . "
She often runs away , hides herself , and thus eludes the bridegroom .
Captain Musters who lived with the Patagonians , says that their marriages are always settled by inclination ; " if the parents make a match contrary to the daughter 's will , she refuses and is never compelled to comply . "
In Tierra del Fuego a young man first obtains the consent of the parents by doing them some service , and then he attempts to carry off the girl ; " but if she is unwilling , she hides herself in the woods until her admirer is heartily tired of looking for her , and gives up the pursuit ; but this seldom happens . "
In the Fiji Islands the man seizes on the woman whom he wishes for his wife by actual or pretended force ; but " on reaching the home of her abductor , should she not approve of the match , she runs to some one who can protect her ; if , however , she is satisfied , the matter is settled forthwith . "
With the Kalmucks there is a regular race between the bride and bridegroom , the former having a fair start ; and Clarke " was assured that no instance occurs of a girl being caught , unless she has a partiality to the pursuer . "
Amongst the wild tribes of the Malay Archipelago there is also a racing match ; and it appears from M. Bourien 's account , as Sir J. Lubbock remarks , that " the race , 'is not to the swift , nor the battle to the strong , ' but to the young man who has the good fortune to please his intended bride . "
A similar custom , with the same result , prevails with the Koraks of north - eastern Asia .
Turning to Africa : the Kaffirs buy their wives , and girls are severely beaten by their fathers if they will not accept a chosen husband ; but it is manifest from many facts given by the Rev. Mr. Shooter , that they have considerable power of choice .
Thus very ugly , though rich men , have been known to fail in getting wives .
The girls , before consenting to be betrothed , compel the men to shew themselves off first in front and then behind , and exhibit their paces . "
They have been known to propose to a man , and they not rarely run away with a favoured lover .
So again , Mr. Leslie , who was intimately acquainted with the Kaffirs , says , " it is a mistake to imagine that a girl is sold by her father in the same manner , and with the same authority , with which he would dispose of a cow . "
Amongst the degraded bushmen of S. Africa , " when a girl has grown up to womanhood without having been betrothed , which , however , does not often happen , her lover must gain her approbation , as well as that of the parents . " *
Mr. Winwood Reade made inquiries for me with respect to the negroes of western Africa , and he informs me that " the women , at least among the more intelligent pagan tribes , have no difficulty in getting the husbands whom they may desire , although it is considered unwomanly to ask a man to marry them .
They are quite capable of falling in love , and of forming tender , passionate , and faithful attachments . "
Additional cases could be given .
* Azara , Voyages , &c. , tom. ii. , p. 23 .
Dobrizhoffer , An Account of the Abipones , vol. ii. , 1822 , p. 207 . Capt. Musters , in Proc. R. Geograph .
Soc. , vol. xv. , p. 47 .
Williams on the Fiji Islanders , as quoted by Lubbock , Origin of Civilisation , 1870 , p. 79 .
On the Fuegians , King and Fitzroy , Voyages of the " Adventure " and " Beagle , " vol. ii. , 1839 , p. 182 .
On the Kalmucks , quoted by M'Lennan , Primitive Marriage , 1865 , p. 32 On the Malays , Lubbock , ibid. , p. 76 .
The Rev. J. Shooter , On the Kafirs of Natal , 1857 , pp. 52-60 .
Mr. D. Leslie , Kafir Character and Customs , 1871 , p. 4 .
On the bushmen , Burchell , Travels in S. Africa , ii. , 1824 , p. 59 .
On the Koraks by McKennan , as quoted by Mr. Wake , in Anthropologia , Oct. , 1873 , p. 75 .
We thus see that with savages the women are not in quite so abject a state in relation to marriage as has often been supposed .
They can tempt the men whom they prefer , and can sometimes reject those whom they dislike , either before or after marriage .
Preference on the part of the women , steadily acting in any one direction , would ultimately affect the character of the tribe ; for the women would generally choose not merely the handsomest men , according to their standard of taste , but those who were at the same time best able to defend and support them .
Such well - endowed pairs would commonly rear a larger number of offspring than the less favoured .
The same result would obviously follow in a still more marked manner if there was selection on both sides ; that is , if the more attractive , and at the same time more powerful men were to prefer , and were preferred by , the more attractive women .
And this double form of selection seems actually to have occurred , especially during the earlier periods of our long history .
We will now examine a little more closely some of the characters which distinguished the several races of man from one another and from the lower animals , namely , the greater or less deficiency of hair on the body , and the colour of the skin .
We need say nothing about the great diversity in the shape of the features and of the skull between the different races , as we have seen in the last chapter how different is the standard of beauty in these respects .
These characters will therefore probably have been acted on through sexual selection ; but we have no means of judging whether they have been acted on chiefly from the male or female side .
The musical faculties of man have likewise been already discussed .
Absence of Hair on the Body , and its Development on the Face and Head . -
From the presence of the woolly hair or lanugo on the human foetus , and of rudimentary hairs scattered over the body during maturity , we may infer that man is descended from some animal which was born hairy and remained so during life .
The loss of hair is an inconvenience and probably an injury to man , even in a hot climate , for he is thus exposed to the scorching of the sun , and to sudden chills , especially during wet weather .
As Mr. Wallace remarks , the natives in all countries are glad to protect their naked backs and shoulders with some slight covering .
No one supposes that the nakedness of the skin is any direct advantage to man ; his body therefore cannot have been divested of hair through natural selection . *
Nor , as shewn in a former chapter , have we any evidence that this can be due to the direct action of climate , or that it is the result of correlated development .
* Contributions to the Theory of Natural Selection , 1870 , p. 346 .
Mr. Wallace believes ( p. 350 ) " that some intelligent power has guided or determined the development of man " ; and he considers the hairless condition of the skin as coming under this head .
The Rev. T. R. Stebbing , in commenting on this view ( Transactions of Devonshire Association for Science , 1870 ) remarks , that had Mr. Wallace " employed his usual ingenuity on the question of man 's hairless skin , he might have seen the possibility of its selection through its superior beauty or the health attaching to superior cleanliness . "
The absence of hair on the body is to a certain extent a secondary sexual character ; for in all parts of the world women are less hairy than men .
Therefore we may reasonably suspect that this character has been gained through sexual selection .
We know that the faces of several species of monkeys , and large surfaces at the posterior end of the body of other species , have been denuded of hair ; and this we may safely attribute to sexual selection , for these surfaces are not only vividly coloured , but sometimes , as with the male mandrill and female rhesus , much more vividly in the one sex than in the other , especially during the breeding - season .
I am informed by Mr. Bartlett that , as these animals gradually reach maturity , the naked surfaces grow larger compared with the size of their bodies .
The hair , however , appears to have been removed , not for the sake of nudity , but that the colour of the skin may be more fully displayed .
So again with many birds , it appears as if the head and neck had been divested of feathers through sexual selection , to exhibit the brightly - coloured skin .
As the body in woman is less hairy than in man , and as this character is common to all races , we may conclude that it was our female semi-human ancestors who were first divested of hair , and that this occurred at an extremely remote period before the several races had diverged from a common stock .
Whilst our female ancestors were gradually acquiring this new character of nudity , they must have transmitted it almost equally to their offspring of both sexes whilst young ; so that its transmission , as with the ornaments of many mammals and birds , has not been limited either by sex or age .
There is nothing surprising in a partial loss of hair having been esteemed as an ornament by our ape - like progenitors , for we have seen that innumerable strange characters have been thus esteemed by animals of all kinds , and have consequently been gained through sexual selection .
Nor is it surprising that a slightly injurious character should have been thus acquired ; for we know that this is the case with the plumes of certain birds , and with the horns of certain stags .
The females of some of the anthropoid apes , as stated in a former chapter , are somewhat less hairy on the under surface than the males ; and here we have what might have afforded a commencement for the process of denudation .
With respect to the completion of the process through sexual selection , it is well to bear in mind the New Zealand proverb , " There is no woman for a hairy man . "
All who have seen photographs of the Siamese hairy family will admit how ludicrously hideous is the opposite extreme of excessive hairiness .
And the king of Siam had to bribe a man to marry the first hairy woman in the family ; and she transmitted this character to her young offspring of both sexes . *
* The Variation of Animals and Plants under Domestication , vol. ii. , 1868 , p. 237 .
Some races are much more hairy than others , especially the males ; but it must not be assumed that the more hairy races , such as the European , have retained their primordial condition more completely than the naked races , such as the Kalmucks or Americans .
It is more probable that the hairiness of the former is due to partial reversion ; for characters which have been at some former period long inherited are always apt to return .
We have seen that idiots are often very hairy , and they are apt to revert in other characters to a lower animal type .
It does not appear that a cold climate has been influential in leading to this kind of reversion ; excepting perhaps with the negroes , who have been reared during several generations in the United States , * and possibly with the Ainos , who inhabit the northern islands of the Japan archipelago .
But the laws of inheritance are so complex that we can seldom understand their action .
If the greater hairiness of certain races be the result of reversion , unchecked by any form of selection , its extreme variability , even within the limits of the same race , ceases to be remarkable .
*( 2 )
* Investigations into Military and Anthropological Statistics of American Soldiers , by B. A. Gould , 1869 , p. 568 :- Observations were carefully made on the hairiness of 2,129 black and coloured soldiers , whilst they were bathing ; and by looking to the published table , " it is manifest at a glance that there is but little , if any , difference between the white and the black races in this respect . "
It is , however , certain that negroes in their native and much hotter land of Africa , have remarkably smooth bodies .
It should be particularly observed , that both pure blacks and mulattoes were included in the above enumeration ; and this is an unfortunate circumstance , as in accordance with a principle , the truth of which I have elsewhere proved , crossed races of man would be eminently liable to revert to the primordial hairy character of their early ape - like progenitors .
*(2) Hardly any view advanced in this work has met with so much disfavour ( see for instance , Spengel , Die Fortschritte des Darwinismus , 1874 , p. 80 ) as the above explanation of the loss of hair in mankind through sexual selection ; but none of the opposed arguments seem to me of much weight , in comparison with the facts shewing that the nudity of the skin is to a certain extent a secondary sexual character in man and in some of the Quadrumana .
With respect to the beard in man , if we turn to our best guide , the Quadrumana , we find beards equally developed in both sexes of many species , but in some , either confined to the males , or more developed in them than in the females .
From this fact and from the curious arrangement , as well as the bright colours of the hair about the heads of many monkeys , it is highly probable , as before explained , that the males first acquired their beards through sexual selection as an ornament , transmitting them in most cases , equally or nearly so , to their offspring of both sexes .
We know from Eschricht * that with mankind the female as well as the male foetus is furnished with much hair on the face , especially round the mouth ; and this indicates that we are descended from progenitors of whom both sexes were bearded .
It appears therefore at first sight probable that man has retained his beard from a very early period , whilst woman lost her beard at the same time that her body became almost completely divested of hair .
Even the colour of our beards seems to have been inherited from an ape - like progenitor ; for when there is any difference in tint between the hair of the head and the beard , the latter is lighter coloured in all monkeys and in man .
In those Quadrumana in which the male has a larger beard than that of the female , it is fully developed only at maturity , just as with mankind ; and it is possible that only the later stages of development have been retained by man .
In opposition to this view of the retention of the beard from an early period is the fact of its great variability in different races , and even within the same race ; for this indicates reversion , - long lost characters being very apt to vary on re-appearance .
* " Uber die Richtung der Haare am Menschlichen Korper , " in Muller 's Archiv . fur Anat. und Phys. , 1837 , s. 40 .
Nor must we overlook the part which sexual selection may have played in later times ; for we know that with savages the men of the beardless races take infinite pains in eradicating every hair from their faces as something odious , whilst the men of the bearded races feel the greatest pride in their beards .
The women , no doubt , participate in these feelings , and if so sexual selection can hardly have failed to have effected something in the course of later times .
It is also possible that the long - continued habit of eradicating the hair may have produced an inherited effect .
Dr. Brown - Sequard has shewn that if certain animals are operated on in a particular manner , their offspring are affected .
Further evidence could be given of the inheritance of the effects of mutilations ; but a fact lately ascertained by Mr. Salvin * has a more direct bearing on the present question ; for he has shewn that the motmots , which are known habitually to bite off the barbs of the two central tail - feathers , have the barbs of these feathers naturally somewhat reduced .
*( 2) Nevertheless , with mankind the habit of eradicating the beard and the hairs on the body would probably not have arisen until these had already become by some means reduced .
* On the tail - feathers of Motmots , Proceedings of the Zoological Society , 1873 , p. 429 .
* ( 2 ) Mr. Sproat has suggested ( Scenes and Studies of Savage Life , 1868 , p. 25 ) this same view .
Some distinguished ethnologists , amongst others M. Gosse of Geneva , believe that artificial modifications of the skull tend to be inherited .
It is difficult to form any judgment as to how the hair on the head became developed to its present great length in many races .
Eschricht * states that in the human foetus the hair on the face during the fifth month is longer than that on the head ; and this indicates that our semi- human progenitors were not furnished with long tresses , which must therefore have been a late acquisition .
This is likewise indicated by the extraordinary difference in the length of the hair in the different races ; in the negro the hair forms a mere curly mat ; with us it is of great length , and with the American natives it not rarely reaches to the ground .
Some species of Semnopithecus have their heads covered with moderately long hair , and this probably serves as an ornament and was acquired through sexual selection .
The same view may perhaps be extended to mankind , for we know that long tresses are now and were formerly much admired , as may be observed in the works of almost every poet ; St. Paul says , " if a woman have long hair , it is a glory to her " ; and we have seen that in North America a chief was elected solely from the length of his hair .
* Uber die Richtung , &c. , s. 40 .
Colour of the Skin . -
The best kind of evidence that in man the colour of the skin has been modified through sexual selection is scanty ; for in most races the sexes do not differ in this respect , and only slightly , as we have seen , in others .
We know , however , from the many facts already given that the colour of the skin is regarded by the men of all races as a highly important element in their beauty ; so that it is a character which would be likely to have been modified through selection , as has occurred in innumerable instances with the lower animals .
It seems at first sight a monstrous supposition that the jet - blackness of the negro should have been gained through sexual selection ; but this view is supported by various analogies , and we know that negroes admire their own colour .
With mammals , when the sexes differ in colour , the male is often black or much darker than the female ; and it depends merely on the form of inheritance whether this or any other tint is transmitted to both sexes or to one alone .
The resemblance to a negro in miniature of Pithecia satanas with his jet black skin , white rolling eyeballs , and hair parted on the top of the head , is almost ludicrous .
The colour of the face differs much more widely in the various kinds of monkeys than it does in the races of man ; and we have some reason to believe that the red , blue , orange , almost white and black tints of their skin , even when common to both sexes , as well as the bright colours of their fur , and the ornamental tufts about the head , have all been acquired through sexual selection .
As the order of development during growth , generally indicates the order in which the characters of a species have been developed and modified during previous generations ; and as the newly - born infants of the various races of man do not differ nearly as much in colour as do the adults , although their bodies are as completely destitute of hair , we have some slight evidence that the tints of the different races were acquired at a period subsequent to the removal of the hair , which must have occurred at a very early period in the history of man .
Summary .-
We may conclude that the greater size , strength , courage , pugnacity , and energy of man , in comparison with woman , were acquired during primeval times , and have subsequently been augmented , chiefly through the contests of rival males for the possession of the females .
The greater intellectual vigour and power of invention in man is probably due to natural selection , combined with the inherited effects of habit , for the most able men will have succeeded best in defending and providing for themselves and for their wives and offspring .
As far as the extreme intricacy of the subject permits us to judge , it appears that our male ape - like progenitors acquired their beards as an ornament to charm or excite the opposite sex , and transmitted them only to their male offspring .
The females apparently first had their bodies denuded of hair , also as a sexual ornament ; but they transmitted this character almost equally to both sexes .
It is not improbable that the females were modified in other respects for the same purpose and by the same means ; so that women have acquired sweeter voices and become more beautiful than men .
It deserves attention that with mankind the conditions were in many respects much more favourable for sexual selection during a very early period , when man had only just attained to the rank of manhood , than during later times .
For he would then , as we may safely conclude , have been guided more by his instinctive passions , and less by foresight or reason .
He would have jealously guarded his wife or wives .
He would not have practised infanticide ; nor valued his wives merely as useful slaves ; nor have been betrothed to them during infancy , Hence we may infer that the races of men were differentiated , as far as sexual selection is concerned , in chief part at a very remote epoch ; and this conclusion throws light on the remarkable fact that at the most ancient period , of which we have not as yet any record , the races of man had already come to differ nearly or quite as much as they do at the present day .
The views here advanced , on the part which sexual selection has played in the history of man , want scientific precision .
He who does not admit this agency in the case of the lower animals , will disregard all that I have written in the later chapters on man .
We cannot positively say that this character , but not that , has been thus modified ; it has however , been shewn that the races of man differ from each other and from their nearest allies , in certain characters which are of no service to them in their daily habits of life , and which it is extremely probable would have been modified through sexual selection .
We have seen that with the lowest savages the people of each tribe admire their own characteristic qualities , - the shape of the head and face , the squareness of the cheek - bones , the prominence or depression of the nose , the colour of the skin , the length of the hair on the head , the absence of hair on the face and body , or the presence of a great beard , and so forth .
Hence these and other such points could hardly fail to be slowly and gradually exaggerated , from the more powerful and able men in each tribe , who would succeed in rearing the largest number of offspring , having selected during many generations for their wives the most strongly characterised and therefore most attractive women .
For my own part I conclude that of all the causes which have led to the differences in external appearance between the races of man , and to a certain extent between man and the lower animals , sexual selection has been the most efficient .
Mission Vao ( pronounced /’mɪʃɪn ‘ veo / ) was a female Rutian Twi’lek who lived as a street urchin on the ecumenopolis of Taris during the Mandalorian Wars and the first half of the Jedi Civil War .
She preferred speaking Galactic Basic Standard rather than her people ’s native language and was the closest friend of the Wookiee Zaalbar .
She joined the crew of the Ebon Hawk following her encounter with Revan and the destruction of Taris , and was awarded the Cross of Glory in 3,956 BBY , at the age of 14 , for her part in locating the Star Forge and the triumph of the Galactic Republic over the Sith Empire at the Battle of Rakata Prime .
She parted ways with Revan after the defeat of Darth Malak .
Biography
Childhood
Mission grew up as an orphan , having never known her parents , with just her elder brother Griff to look after her .
Griff was a scam artist , a gambler , and a drinker , always borrowing credits for his schemes of easy riches which regularly failed , leaving him in debt and on the run .
Mission was only five years old when they escaped to Taris , smuggling themselves inside a packing crate in a star freighter ’s cargo hold , barely having enough supplies to make the trip .
On Taris , Griff and Mission had to live in the Lower City due to the alien ban that restricted access to the Upper City .
Around 3,963 BBY , her brother Griff was a member of one of the Lower City ’s swoop gangs known as the Hidden Beks .
People were still reeling from the consequences of the murders of the four Jedi Padawans that were to help rim-worlds such as Taris mantain law and order , when the Mandalorians invaded .
Zayne Carrick , who had been framed for the murders , came back to Taris to try to help the resistance against the invading Mandalorians , and found the Hidden Beks ’ secret hideout .
Mission introduced herself to Zayne after he was through talking to Marn Hierogryph , and developed a crush on him , despite her brother ’s warning to stay away from the accused murderer .
She then told him that she “ knew a secret ” and brought Zayne to see her brother ’s pet , which she thought was what Griff was feeding in secret .
While they were spying on him , Gryph found them and inadvertently gave away their position to Griff .
Meanwhile , Brejik attempted to kill Zayne with a vibroblade .
Zayne was struggling to disarm Brejik when Mission bit his leg , causing Brejik to drop the blade .
When he did , Griff came up behind her and pulled her away from the fight .
Brejik then pulled out a blaster pistol , telling Zayne that he would tell everybody that he was killed “ trying to escape ” .
Del Moomo then appeared from behind and pinned Brejik to a wall before he was able to kill Zayne .
Mission , Zayne , and Gryph then discovered that the “ pet ” was not a pet at all ; inside the container where Griff dropped the food were the missing children of Constable Noana Sowrs .
After they got the two children out of there , they brought them back to the Hidden Beks ’ leader , Gadon Thek .
Mission then helped feed the two children .
While Gadon was enraged at Griff and Brejik for kidnapping the children , it gave the Hidden Beks an opportunity to open up negotiations with the “ True ” Resistance , and then eventually join them .
Griff and Mission were regulars of the Lower City cantina when Griff met Lena , a Twi ’lek dancing girl , and started dating her .
Lena , however , used to date Tarisian nobles , and Griff could never give her the kind of lifestyle she was used to .
Eventually , he had to leave Taris , escaping his debts once again , this time together with Lena , and he left his twelve - year - old sister behind .
He told Mission that Lena did n’t want his little sister tagging along , but promised he would return as soon as they earned enough credits , and that then they would all live like royalty .
Believing she made her brother forget about her , Mission hated Lena , and thought of her as a “ busty , credit - grubbing cantina rat . ”
She had no doubt their relationship would n’t last long .
Encounter with Zaalbar
After her brother Griff deserted her on Taris , Mission got by on her own , until one day she made friends with Zaalbar , a Wookiee outcast from Kashyyyk .
Zaalbar was being hassled by members of the Black Vulkars , a major Lower City swoop gang , when he attracted her attention .
The sight of thugs picking on a lone Wookiee overwhelmed by a strange environment made her lose her temper , and she charged at them .
She was smacked down by one of the Vulkars , but then the Wookiee got angry and yanked him a meter up off the ground , scaring the others away .
Despite such unusual circumstances of their meeting — or perhaps because of them — Mission and Zaalbar would stick together ever since , looking out for each other in their own way .
She nicknamed Zaalbar “ Big Z ” .
For two years they got by in the Lower City , never hearing anything from or about Griff , and often seeking adventure in dangerous spots like the sewers of the Undercity , where Gadon used to tell her not to go .
Mission never asked Zaalbar too much about his past , because he did n’t like to talk about it , and she accepted that , dismissing the matter with the conclusion that he was the strong , silent type .
The Wookiee would still talk a bit about his homeworld , about the big Wroshyr trees , and how he had “ seen paradise destroyed by the greed of outsiders , ” which though Mission did n’t understand at first , referred to Czerka Corporation and their slaving operations on Kashyyyk .
Entanglement with Revan
In 3,956 BBY , near the end of the Jedi Civil War , decorated war hero and legendary soldier Carth Onasi was stranded on Taris with an amnesiac Revan following the attack on the Endar Spire , a Republic warship under the command of the Jedi Bastila Shan .
The entire war effort against the Sith relied on her skill with Battle Meditation , making her the Republic ’s only hope , so as soon as possible Carth and Revan made for the Undercity , where her escape pod had crashed .
They passed by Javyar ’s Cantina where they found an unusual pair — a Wookiee , and a fourteen - year - old Twi’lek girl who preferred speaking Galactic Basic Standard rather than her people ’s native language .
Revan watched as Zaalbar scared away some Black Vulkars picking on Mission .
Mission Vao stalking Gamorreans in the Taris Undercity .
Seeing that Revan was a newcomer in the Lower City , Mission provided him with information about the city , the swoop gangs , local Exchange boss Davik Kang , and the bounty hunter Calo Nord , who had just walked out of the cantina leaving a few corpses behind .
She also spoke of the Hidden Beks as a more honest and reliable gang than the Black Vulkars , which were now led by Brejik , and she mentioned that Davik had recently acquired a new ship for his smuggling operations , the Ebon Hawk , which he supposedly kept in his estate .
Mission and Zaalbar then left the cantina to seek more adventures in the Undercity .
At the Hidden Bek Base , the leader of the gang Gadon
Thek made a deal with Revan , agreeing to provide sponsorship in the Tarisian Season Opener in exchange for the retrieval of a prototype accelerator that was stolen from him by the Vulkars .
Revan was to break into the Vulkar base , where the swoop upgrade was being kept , and Gadon suggested that Mission could be able to get him in the back way .
He then gave Revan authorization papers needed to get past the Sith guard at the elevator to the Undercity in exchange for the Sith uniforms he had used before as a disguise , and promised to let Revan use the accelerator to win the race and get Bastila back , who was being offered as a prize by Brejik , in his game to take over the Lower City .
Once off the gates of the Outcast village of the Undercity , Revan ran into a very distressed Mission .
She explained that her friend Zaalbar had been caught by Gamorrean slavers in the sewers and agreed to show Revan a secret entrance into the Vulkar Base if he helped her free the captive Wookiee .
Revan saved Zaalbar from the slavers , and as customary to his people , the Wookiee swore a life debt to him .
Mission was not about to part ways with the only family she had since her brother left , so she too joined Revan .
They followed him aboard the Ebon Hawk , which Revan stole from Davik , just in time to escape the destruction of Taris .
Although Mission was shocked to see her homeworld destroyed before her eyes , she told Revan she would find a way to deal with it , and that whatever help she could offer him against Darth Malak and the Sith she would .
Because of her age , Mission was often looked down upon by Revan ’s other companions .
Carth Onasi was particularly disgusted at first about a fourteen - year - old living by herself in a dangerous area and occasionally the two found themselves at odds in a father - daughter fashion .
Travels on the Ebon Hawk
After the destruction of Taris , Mission accompanied Revan and his companions aboard the Ebon Hawk and assisted Revan in his journey to destroy the Star Forge .
During these travels with Revan , Mission encountered Lena , who explained what had happened after she and Griff left Taris .
She had dumped Griff , leaving him on Tatooine , where he was working for Czerka Corporation .
She also said that she had actually wanted Mission to come with them , and even offered to pay for her ticket , but Griff told Lena that Mission would n’t leave Taris .
In reality , Griff had lied to them both and even though Mission would n’t believe Lena at first , she realized that she had been misguidedly idolizing her brother .
Mission still questioned the validity of Lena ’s statements and when Revan took the Ebon Hawk for a landing on Tatooine in search of the Star Map , they found Griff had been taken prisoner by Tusken Raiders .
In the enclave where he was being kept , a conversation ensued that allowed Mission to realize the truth in Lena ’s words .
Even after his liberation , Griff did n’t give up his half - baked business projects — his latest one , in which he tried to use tach glands collected by Revan to brew Tarisian ale , also failed , and he also got himself into trouble with the Exchange .
Mission was angry with Griff , especially after witnessing him continue his get - rich - quick schemes .
Eventually she realized , though nobody was perfect , her brother was a little less perfect than most for he never learned from his own mistakes ; therefore instead of fruitlessly trying to “ improve ” her brother , she learned to accept him as he was .
Mission was happy that her brother was alive , but now she did n’t feel as though she owed him anything anymore .
After escaping the Leviathan , Revan revealed his former identity to the crew .
Though shaken , Mission found that he was now a completely different person , and therefore stood by him .
She followed Revan to the end of his quest , even to the monstrous Star Forge .
She was present at the celebration of the Star Forge ’s destruction and the Republic ’s victory over the Sith , where Revan ’s companions were proclaimed as saviors of the Republic and were each awarded the Cross of Glory .
When Revan departed for the Unknown Regions , Mission did not accompany him .
Personality and traits
Despite her harsh upbringing and abandonment , Mission was a sunny and optimistic girl .
She believed the best of people most of the time , and was the first to rally to Revan ’s defense after he was revealed as the former Dark Lord of the Sith in the skirmish aboard the Leviathan , as she had been convinced by Revan ’s actions over the course of their mission that he was a true friend .
She was initially at a loss for words , much like the rest of the crew of the Ebon Hawk , but seeing how he did n’t remember anything about being the Dark lord she concluded that it did n’t really matter anymore , much to the chagrin of the paranoid and distrustful Carth .
As a child , Mission was very curious , spying on her brother and often playing with the personal effects of Gadon ’s bodyguard Zaerdra , who would get mad at her elder brother for not keeping Mission away from her stuff .
One trait she shared with her brother Griff was smooth talking , and she was known to be forward with boys she considered attractive , such as Zayne Carrick .
She had a strong sense of fairness , as evidenced by her anger with Wookiee Chieftain Chuundar and Czerka and their treatment of the Wookiees , and by her loyalty to the Hidden Beks after Brejik ’s betrayal .
She was easily influenced , however , and not only by Revan .
She would let Kandon Ark twist her mind and seed animosity between her and Gadon , and there was little that Revan could not talk her into .
She was also courageous and impulsive , charging three Vulkars by herself to try and save Zaalbar , or mouthing off at – and trying to bite – armed Sith troopers .
Her chief annoyance , however , was when people dismissed her on the basis of age .
This earned her several arguments with Carth and Bastila , the latter using the Force to trip her when Mission retorted to a crack about her age .
She also constantly teased Zaalbar like a bratty little sister , suggesting he take a bath , brush his teeth , dye his hair , or even wear a suit .
Talents and abilities
After Mission joined Revan ’s fellowship , she had the chance to apply her knowledge and skills to different ends from what she was used to in the streets of Taris .
Her fine sleight of hand gained Revan entrance to the Black Vulkar Base from the sewers of the Undercity , for which she had picked the codes off the pocket of a Black Vulkar .
She was a good slicer and was proficient with Stealth field generators .
When the Leviathan captured the Ebon Hawk , and Revan had to choose a member of the crew for a rescue mission , she volunteered her skills with security systems , claiming she could slice her way out of any security cell .
She could speak Basic and understand Shyriiwook , Rodese , and possibly other languages she may have grown accustomed to during her time on the Coruscant of the Outer Rim .
She could also play Pazaak .
Originally promoted as the stem of the primate family tree , it now appears that Darwinius masillae — better known as " Ida , " the fossil that " changes everything " — belonged to a fringe branch .
This is the conclusion of researchers who analyzed primate fossils to determine where their own discovery , dubbed Afradapis and closely related to Darwinius , belongs on the tree .
Far from spawning the ancestors of humans , the 47 million - year - old Darwinius seems merely to have gone extinct , leaving no descendants .
" It 's the first phylogenetic analysis of this important animal , " said study co-author Jonathan Perry , a Midwestern University paleoanthropologist .
" By our analysis , the taxon Darwinius does not appear to be " at the root of all simians , said Perry .
" It 's on the opposite side of the tree . "
The analysis of Perry 's team , published Wednesday in Nature , would likely be of purely academic interest had Darwinius been introduced according to paleontological custom .
That would have been in carefully written papers presented for review to the scientific community , who already had some informal familiarity with the research .
But that 's precisely what did n't happen .
Known from a single specimen purchased by the University of Oslo from a private fossil collector and studied in total secrecy , Darwinius was announced to the world at a May press conference featuring New York City mayor Michael Bloomberg .
The scientific article describing Darwinius , published in PLoS ONE , came in tandem with a TV special and book , both entitled The Link .
" This is the first link to all humans , " said Jørn Hurum , a member of the Darwinius team , at the press conference .
His colleague Jens Franzen likened its scientific impact to " an asteroid falling down to Earth . "
Hurum said the fossil , named " Ida " in honor of his daughter , would be a paleontological " Mona Lisa for the next 100 years . "
Ida was front - page news ;
Google celebrated it with an iconic logo cartoon .
The only people unimpressed by their conclusions were scientists .
As prominent paleontologists soon pointed out , Hurum 's team was pushing a theory that most researchers had already dismissed , that anthropoids — monkeys and apes , including ourselves — are descended from lemur - like members of a primate subfamily called adapids , of which Darwinius was one .
According to Hurum 's team , Darwinius possessed many of the physical traits expected in the earliest ancestral anthropoid , so it must be that ancestor .
And since Darwinius was clearly an adapid , then adapids were at the root of the anthropoids .
But their paper made no reference to extensive fossil and genetic evidence suggesting otherwise .
At the time , asked by The New York Times about his team 's promotion , Hurum said that " any pop band is doing the same thing , " and that " we have to start thinking the same way in science . "
Contacted by e-mail about the Nature study , he said , " At last the scientific discussion starts ! "
The Nature paper marks the debut of another adapiform , called Afradapis and known from a handful of fossil teeth and jawbone fragments gathered over the last several years in Egypt .
To better understand Afradapis ' place in the primate narrative , Perry 's team studied fossil measurements gathered from 117 living and extinct primate species .
In what 's known as a cladistic analysis , they ran the measurements through a computer program that determined the most likely evolutionary configuration of the species .
No such analysis was performed by Hurum 's team on Darwinius .
And according to Perry 's cladistics , both Darwinius and Afradapis are located where conventional wisdom expected them to be – on an early twig of the branch that produced lemurs , and far from the lineage that spawned monkeys and great apes .
The study " is spot - on in its interpretation of the phylogenetic position of Darwinius , " said Richard Kay , a Duke University evolutionary anthropologist whose review of The Link was entitled , " Much Hype and Many Errors . "
Christopher Beard , a Carnegie Museum of Natural History paleontologist who originally called Darwinius " a third cousin twice removed , " also agreed with the Nature results .
Darwinius " is only very distantly related to living and fossil anthropoids , " said Beard .
Hurum retorted that " there 's a lot of ways to do cladistics , " and said the Nature authors used only some of their Darwinius measurements , ostensibly omitting those that might have provided a different evolutionary narrative .
Philip Gingerich , a University of Michigan paleontologist and member of the Darwinius team , said the Nature team 's explanation of Afradapis was " implausible , " given how much it looks like a monkey — and * Darwinius * looks even more monkey - like .
This back - and - forth is typical of science and especially paleoanthropology , a research field predicated on competing interpretations of tiny bone fragments .
It 's also the sort of dialogue that was missing from Darwinius ' overhyped debut .
" Ultimately it 's about science , and how sound the science is , " said Perry .
Images : 1 . Darwinius masillae , from PLoS ONE .
2 . The adapiform branch of the primate family tree , from Nature .
D. masillae is highlighted , and located beside Afradapis ; the great apes , including humans , trace their origins to the stem and crown Anthropoidea .
See Also :
* Citation : " Convergent evolution of anthropoid - like adaptations in Eocene adapiform primates . "
By Erik R. Seiffert , Jonathan M. G. Perry , Elwyn L. Simons & Doug M. Boyer .
Nature , Vol. 461 No. 7267 , October 22 , 2009 . *
Brandon Keim's Twitter stream and reportorial outtakes ; Wired Science on Twitter .
Brandon is currently working on a book about ecosystem and planetary tipping points .
Economically , China is the greatest beneficiary and the leading driver of globalisation .
Politically , it is the chief champion of traditional nationalism .
Both are at play in the extraordinary saga - which has only just begun - of Google 's quixotic attempt to open up Beijing 's internet boundaries , to demolish the Great Firewall of China .
The company was yesterday attempting to play down what has been happening since chief legal officer David Drummond stunned the world with his announcement two days before .
He said that after a cyber attack on Google and 20 other big companies operating in the internet , finance , technology , media and chemical sectors that Google attributes to Chinese agents , " we are no longer willing to continue censoring results " on google .cn , the company 's Chinese website .
Its English site , google.com , is censored by the Chinese `net police , but not with the company 's collaboration .
A Google spokeswoman told The Weekend Australian yesterday : " We are continuing to operate google .cn in compliance with Chinese law .
" Over the next few weeks we will be discussing with the Chinese government the basis on which we could operate an unfiltered search engine within the law , if at all .
" If it is impossible to operate an uncensored service within the law , we will close google .cn .
We will obviously continue to offer Chinese - language search on our global search engine . "
This raises the intriguing question as to how netizens in China - where 330 million people have internet access - were able , immediately after the original Google statement was issued , to view via google .cn data and photos previously barred online , such as the iconic photo of the unknown man who stood in front of a tank near Tiananmen Square during the protests of June 4 , 1989 .
One interpretation is that suddenly international journalists based in China were highly motivated to start looking for information for which they had previously abandoned fruitless searches .
Maybe they found what they might have seen before if only they had looked properly .
Another interpretation is that after Google made its first bold step , it began to have second thoughts when it realised it had reached the point of no return in handling the world 's fastest growing internet market .
So for now , it wishes to stress it is still co-operating with the Chinese net police , while insisting at the same time : " We are no longer willing to continue censoring . "
All too often , this is the situation in which global investors in China are stranded - finding themselves saying one thing and meaning another , unsure how far they can go before they upset the Chinese authorities while worrying about the flak they risk copping elsewhere ln Chinese labour , health and safety issues , and the whole freedom debate .
When Google entered the Chinese market four years ago , its co-founder , Sergey Brin , whose family fled Soviet communism , said it accepted " a set of rules we were n't comfortable with " .
But on reflection , as Drummond said this week , Google believed " the benefits of increased access to information for people in China and a more open internet outweighed our discomfort in agreeing to censor some results " .
Netizens who are eager to obtain uncensored information can do so by paying to route their searches through proxies .
But only a tiny minority have the time , the know - how and the incentive to bother to do this .
By setting up in China through the proper channels , Google provided a service for the regular internet user .
When a search hit the Great Firewall , failure would be accompanied by the display of a message saying : " Search results may not comply with the relevant laws , regulations and policy , and can not be displayed . "
Google 's YouTube business is also regularly blocked in China .
But now Google has implied this deal has become untenable with the increase in attacks on corporate sites from China - in its case risking the ultimate credibility of its hugely successful Gmail platform , and potentially undermining its unofficial motto : " Do n't be evil . "
Drummond stressed that its move this week " was driven by our executives in the US , without the knowledge or involvement of our employees in China " .
Perhaps those employees have now persuaded the US executives to take a step back , and re-examine the implications of the challenge they have thrown to Beijing .
This could easily be portrayed as a lose - lose - lose confrontation .
Google loses a market .
China loses face internationally .
China 's netizens lose the chief competitor to the dominant locally owned search engine , Baidu .
Some critics have suggested Google is just seeking to make the best of a bad job , finding an excuse for quitting China because it has only secured 35.6 per cent of the search market there , while Baidu has 58.4 per cent .
But that 's still a huge number of followers , given the size of the market .
And most of the China revenues for Google come not from ads on its local site but from Chinese wishing to advertise globally .
The Chinese authorities have reacted in a surprisingly low - key way , at least in public , with the State Council Information Office stating " It is still hard to say whether Google will quit China or not .
Nobody knows . "
This seems to have encouraged Google to take a less confrontational stand .
Google 's action has been compared with that of BHP - Billiton , Rio Tinto and Brazil 's Vale , which - as negotiations with China , the putative price - setter , dragged on too long - have in recent years several times settled their benchmark price for iron ore with Japan instead .
This prospect is looming for this year too .
But these companies are traders with China , not investors there .
Google has 700 employees in China .
That makes a difference .
Australian companies are not in the front line of the challenges involved with dealing with China because they have invested very little there .
The arrest in Shanghai of Rio Tinto executive Stern Hu - who appears unlikely to face trial until after the Chinese New Year of the Tiger starts on February 14 - did not make such investments any more likely .
Duncan Clark , the chairman of Beijing telecommunications consultant BDA , said this week : " There has been a raft of decisions and unpredictability , a kind of unpleasantness about what 's happening here .
There has been this received wisdom that no one can afford not to be in China , but that is being questioned now - there 's a kind of arrogance characterising government policy towards multinationals . "
China feels it has no desperate need any more for inward investment - it can take it or leave it .
Its new priority is to " go global " - for which it does need good international relationships .
Beijing demonstrated at the climate change conference in Copenhagen in December that it will continue to pursue national goals as its chief priority , even while it takes an increasingly important global role . .
China 's leadership in the developing world has been sustained in part by its insistence on " non-interference in domestic affairs " of sovereign states .
But Beijing does recognise it can do deals with this White House .
Influential commentator James Fallows of The Atlantic Monthly says : " In a strange and striking way , there is an inversion of recent Chinese and US roles .
In the switch from George W. Bush to Barack Obama , the US went from a president much of the world saw as deliberately antagonising them to a president whose Nobel Prize reflected perhaps desperate gratitude at his efforts at conciliation .
" China , by contrast , seems to be entering its Bush - Cheney era .
Its government is on a path at the moment that courts resistance around the world . "
This epochal conflict over censorship in China has set up huge expectations about the speech that Obama 's Secretary of State , Hillary Clinton , will make next Thursday when launching an internet freedom initiative .
The tide of world events has appeared to be heading Beijing 's way so far this century , underlined by China 's continued economic sprint through the downturn that has laid low the Western world .
Rebecca MacKinnon , an expert on the Chinese internet , says : " If history takes some unexpected turns - and that 's one thing you can count on Chinese history doing - it wo n't always be on their side .
By announcing it will no longer censor its Chinese search engine , and will reconsider its presence in China , Google has taken a bold step on to the right side of history . "
The favourite new drug of clubbers and schoolchildren hit the headlines last week when two young men died after taking it .
Sold under a range of street names – meph , miaow miaow , MC , drone and bubbles – and easily available on the web , mephedrone is not illegal .
But should it be ?
Here , four people from different sides of the debate – a user , a mother , a dealer and a doctor – have their say on ' the poor man 's cocaine '
The user : Jack Starks
The first time I encountered mephedrone , meow meow , plant food or whatever you want to call it , was about a year ago at a friend 's house in south London .
We were back from a night out at the student union and all wanting to continue the party when my friend 's flatmate , Brandon , got back from work and , with a sly smile , disappeared into his bedroom , to return with a huge box .
He dumped the biggest pile of powder I had ever seen on the table .
" This , my friends , is mephedrone , " he said with relish .
" And this is the future . "
Like many students , I 've never been one to say no to a new experience .
We all end up running into drugs at some point , so I decided to see what all the fuss was about .
I 've always enjoyed a spliff and , on occasion , a little more , so I assumed this was just another casual substance I would be bumping into .
Nicknamed by users as " poor man 's cocaine " , mephedrone has swept through our nation 's youth like a strong dose of salts , permeating every aspect of the party and night club scene .
In less than six months , it has come from obscurity ; everyone knows someone who 's on it .
Paradoxically , it was given a chance to become popular because of an EU restriction that prevented the importation of two substances necessary to the production of MDMA ( ecstasy to the layman ) that made it impossible to make or purchase any MDMA in Britain from late 2008 .
Mephedrone filled the gap in the market , and at half the cost of MDMA ; it was everywhere .
You can snort it , drop it in " bombs " ( rolling papers filled with it ) , and I 've even come across people who eat it .
The effect is euphoric , in some ways similar to ecstasy but much shorter - lived ; you need to take a lot more of it a lot more often .
The first time I took it , I could feel my heart pounding ; everything seemed as if it was about to explode into life and I was up till the early hours in a wild rampage of excitement .
But there any comparison ends .
With mephedrone , the romance period is very short : after taking it just a couple of times , your tolerance increases dramatically , to the point that you 're doing three or four times more than you were in the beginning to get high .
Your appetite for the stuff also increases .
Brandon was well ahead of the curve .
He was importing it from China at about a £ 1 a gram and selling it to students at £ 15 .
By mid-October , when our student loans had still failed to appear and finance was getting tight , we hit on the idea of doing the same .
We could simply make a trip down to a seedy office in Victoria where we could buy it in bulk at wholesale price and then sell it on to our friends at a profit .
Doing this you could turn £ 100 into £ 400 in a weekend and have a bit left on the side for yourself .
It became a crash course in drug dealing for beginners , and we were n't the only ones at it .
Hundreds of students had spotted the gap in the market .
You could n't set foot in a club or house - party without someone walking past offering you " drone " .
Whether or not this was legal is a good question , because although mephedrone is n't covered by the Misuse of Drugs Act , it is illegal to sell it for human consumption .
Companies get round this by putting stickers on their product saying just that .
When selling it , we would always tell people that it was not to be used to get high – it was almost a running joke .
A very dangerous joke indeed .
When on it , you get very edgy ( hence the comparison to cocaine ) and you constantly crave more .
It is possibly the most addictive substance I have ever come across .
What makes it far more dangerous is that it is the first of a new breed of designer drugs , made purely to evade the laws surrounding controlled substances .
No one has considered what this will do to people in the short or the long term , and no one cares .
Mephedrone might be called " plant food " , but it is a plant decomposer , so what it does to your insides I dread to think .
I once accidentally left a spoon in a bag of the stuff and came back three days later to find it had stripped off the outer coating and my mephedrone scattered with tiny silver bits of spoon .
We still snorted it .
My stance was changed dramatically by my experience of prolonged use .
After three or so months of using it at least a couple of times a week , I found myself in the darkest depression .
I stopped taking it and suddenly found myself looking round at my friends with their eyes rolling in their heads and realised how much rubbish we had all been talking to each other .
Good , straight - edge kids who barely used to drink have become crazed drug fiends , sitting in their house snorting plant food five days a week .
One friend of mine took it once and now has to use an inhaler , because he has permanently damaged his lungs .
Another has almost ceased to be a friend , and is now a socially apathetic zombie , chasing mephedrone around London with his girlfriend , no longer able to interact without it , constantly asking if he can borrow 20 quid .
We 've always been happy to get wasted on a night out , but I 've never seen anything creep into so many everyday lives like this .
I am horrified by the effect this drug has had on the people around me , and would urge anyone thinking about taking some tonight to change their plans .
Jack Starks is a student in his early 20s who lives in south London
The mother : Sophie Radice
For all those parents who have read with sadness about the deaths of an 18 - year - old and a 19 - year - old in Scunthorpe , but allowed themselves to be even slightly reassured that their own teenagers can't have come across mephedrone because they are so much younger , not yet clubbing and living very different lives , think again .
I first heard about mephedrone six months ago , at first from another north London mother whose son had ordered this " plant food " off the internet and who had roused her suspicions when he could n't explain why he had suddenly developed an interest in gardening .
Then from my own daughter , aged 14 at the time , whose friends had discovered this legal high .
She described them as " talking rubbish as if it is the most interesting thing in the world , and that they dribble and lick their lips and gurn and grind their teeth " .
She said that people shook , bit holes in their lips and cheeks , were unable to feel their legs , were frightened because their heart was beating too fast and that their skin looked grey .
This might seem like any teenage group that has discovered harder drugs .
It is rather like a description of my own group of friends at that age .
What is different is that , in those six months , those friends who thought they were just experimenting seemed to need to take greater amounts of mephedrone on more and more occasions .
Mephedrone is often sold in five gram bags and , as it is so " more -ish " , it seems to be easy – even common – for a user to go through a whole bag .
Surely that kind of ever - decreasing , short - lived high is what makes dealers extremely rich and leads to the kind of desperate endless addiction of the crack - user ?
Should all of this mean that we should immediately ban it ?
Well , I have always had a liberal view about drugs , believing that the criminalisation of drugs just creates an underground .
I look at how making ketamine ( a horse tranquilliser ) a class C drug did n't stop its use among the young .
On an intellectual level , I agree with Professor David Nutt 's measured suggestion of creating a " holding " class of D drug category .
Within this category , sales would be limited to over - 18s ; the product would be quality - controlled , at doses limited as far as possible to safe levels ; and it would come with health education messages .
I also agree with Nutt that what we should look into is why teenagers are so drawn to taking drugs and why binge - drinking is so prevalent in this age group .
On a much more visceral , instinctive level , this " let 's wait and see how harmful this drug is " D category does n't comfort me at all .
For this younger age group , the legality of mephedrone is a real attraction .
While they can get hold of " weed " to smoke ( mostly through older siblings , and even parents ) , because they are not yet going to clubs but to each other 's houses or private parties they are rarely able to get their hands on harder drugs .
They can buy mephedrone off the internet or from headshops ( shops selling drug paraphernalia ) or stalls .
Teenagers of this age seem to think that its legality means that it is safer than other drugs , which might also contribute to the wild abandon with which it is taken .
Health warnings would n't do a thing ( my daughter says that , perversely , the deaths in Scunthorpe have made her friends even more determined to take the drug ) and surely an over - 18s rule on the net would be just like those porn sites that ask you to click a button to say that you are over 18 and that 's all the proof you need .
Prosecution of those selling to under - 18s would be almost impossible in cases of website dealing .
For this age group , making mephedrone a class B drug would at least put up some sort of substantial hurdle and make it much harder for them to get hold of .
Just making it so much more difficult to track down may cause enough of a pause for some sort of easing - off from the enthusiastic consumption of what seems to be a particularly addictive drug .
Oh , and while we are waiting for a decision on this , look out for a fishy smell in your teenager 's sweat , nose bleeds , restlessness , headaches , insomnia and a traces of yellowy powder on the surfaces in their room .
Sophie Radice is a journalist and mother of two who first came across the drug last year
The dealer : Mark
I have no background in narcotics .
My worst offence is a puff on a joint in college , which I found unpleasant .
I am at heart " anti " substance abuse , though I am in favour of free choice .
I own and run three normal , legitimate businesses , all of which , thanks to the recession , have had their troubles .
Have you ever laid off a loyal member of staff ?
It 's the worst feeling in the world .
I was looking for a lifeline .
I first heard of mephedrone in September .
A friend heard about a new chemical that was originally a kind of plant food .
It was legal and its effects mimicked cocaine and MDMA .
I started searching for information on Google and within an hour I knew this would be a winning business .
From the start , I wanted to run this completely legitimately .
No shady cash deals , pay tax , give excellent service with a quality product at the right price .
Was I comfortable with the concept ?
No .
Did I want to lose my home to the bank ?
No. Decision made .
In the first weeks , I bought my stock inside the UK , but very quickly I began buying direct from a manufacturer in China .
I registered a company and contacted a web designer .
This is where the problems started .
Even before the press discovered mephedrone , it was not possible to find good professional help .
Undaunted , I built my own website .
No banks would touch the credit card side of the business .
I fudged round this and I was up and running .
I launched the website and within an hour had five sales .
My first week I turned over £ 8,000 ; the second , £ 10,000 .
Then , last November , mephedrone hit the headlines .
Its use was blamed for the death of a 14 - year - old girl , although this turned out not to be the case .
I thought it was the end .
How wrong I was .
That week , sales doubled .
When mephedrone is in the news , demand rockets .
Last week came the death of two boys .
( I cannot comment on this tragedy , except to say I do not believe mephedrone was the cause . )
One of my websites , which usually gets around 1,200 hits a day , received more than 20,000 .
The media have made mephedrone what it is .
Before you leap to judgment , do you drink alcohol ?
It is deadly , with 8,000 deaths directly attributed to it in the UK in 2008 .
There is a huge trade in illegal drugs in the UK .
But people do not have to be criminals .
They do n't have to buy bags of drain cleaner from dodgy blokes in pub car parks .
The process of importing has become difficult lately , as UK Customs has begun withholding shipments .
I have had 40kg seized .
No explanation has been given and Customs has made no contact .
This is surely illegal .
Mephedrone looks likely to be banned .
This is the most dangerous thing that can happen .
It is essentially a very safe substance .
There is no addiction and to date I know of no deaths directly attributed to it .
There are suppliers online such as me who treat this as a genuine business and supply a quality product pure to the customer .
The day mephedrone is banned , I will shut up shop .
The taxman will lose hundreds of thousands of pounds and the criminals will step in .
Prohibition has always failed .
And the genie is really out of the bottle this time .
Millions have used mephedrone in the UK .
If they are stopped from getting it legally , they will either buy illegally or , even worse , try something new .
No British government would have the courage to exercise the level of common sense needed to keep it legal , what with an election looming and swarms of horrified Daily Mail readers to impress .
This government has already sacked the moderate , sensible and knowledgeable Dr David Nutt .
Mephedrone will be banned – and be dammed .
Mark is a businessman and owner of several websites that sell mephedrone
The doctor : James Bell
I first heard about mephedrone last July .
The young man sitting opposite me told me that it had just arrived on the nightclub scene .
He had tried it at once .
He was well - educated and from a prosperous and stable family ( who knew nothing about his drug use ) .
He was in my clinic to withdraw from another " legal high " , GBL .
After using GBL for a few months , he had been dismayed to discover that he had become dependent .
His lament " I did n't know it was addictive " could have been uttered by most doctors and policy - makers .
We are all playing catch - up as new compounds are recognised , banned – and new drugs appear , the risks of which slowly become apparent .
Legal highs are mostly compounds closely related to known ( and banned ) psychoactive drugs .
Mephedrone is chemically very similar to ecstasy .
The slight variation in structure makes it legal , but also means that mephedrone has different pharmacological effects and toxicity .
This makes difficulty for the advisory council on the misuse of drugs , which advises the government on whether a drug should be banned , as it has little information to go on .
It takes experience to find out about the harms of particular drugs .
It was only in the late 1990s , after years in which cannabis was regarded as a fairly harmless drug , that studies demonstrated it caused the development of psychosis in some vulnerable adolescents .
News that two people died after using mephedrone suggests it may be dangerous , but we do n't know enough .
Mephedrone can cause cardiovascular problems , but I suspect that the post - mortem findings will identify other contributing drugs .
GBL , which was classified in December 2009 , is a case study in legal highs .
Many users overdose inadvertently and a small proportion progress to dependence .
On trying to stop , users can experience severe withdrawal symptoms .
Throughout 2009 , most GPs and drug services knew nothing of GBL , and were unable to offer treatment .
It was to catch up with this need that a " party drugs " clinic was established in south London .
Attendees have reported that , since being banned , GBL is still readily available for same - day delivery , from internet sites outside the UK .
Mephedrone and GBL both enhance confidence and sociability and reduce sexual inhibitions .
However , it is easy to lose the plot .
The first dose of mephedrone produces intense euphoria , but repeated dosing produces decreasing pleasure and increasing paranoia and irritability – yet some people keep chasing the initial high until exhausted .
This binge pattern of use maximises risks and minimises benefits of drug use .
A pre-election environment is a bad time to initiate a discussion about drugs policy , as there is a risk that any debate will degenerate into which party is going to ban more drugs , more rapidly .
" Legal highs " are an easy target for moral outrage , precisely because they are legal and something can be done about that .
More difficult is trying to address Britain 's prodigious demand for drugs , legal and illegal .
A non-partisan debate about reducing the harm would be valuable .
Dr James Bell is an addictions consultant at the South London and Maudsley NHS Trust
PASADENA , Calif. -- NASA 's Wide - field Infrared Survey Explorer , or WISE , has spotted its first never - before - seen near - Earth asteroid , the first of hundreds it is expected to find during its mission to map the whole sky in infrared light .
There is no danger of the newly discovered asteroid hitting Earth .
The near - Earth object , designated 2010 AB78 , was discovered by WISE Jan. 12 .
The mission 's sophisticated software picked out the moving object against a background of stationary stars .
As WISE circled Earth , scanning the sky above , it observed the asteroid several times during a period of one - and - a - half days before the object moved beyond its view .
Researchers then used the University of Hawaii's 2.2 - meter ( 88 - inch ) visible - light telescope near the summit of Mauna Kea to follow up and confirm the discovery .
The asteroid is currently about 158 million kilometers ( 98 million miles ) from Earth .
It is estimated to be roughly 1 kilometer ( 0.6 miles ) in diameter and circles the sun in an elliptical orbit tilted to the plane of our solar system .
The object comes as close to the sun as Earth , but because of its tilted orbit , it will not pass very close to Earth for many centuries .
This asteroid does not pose any foreseeable impact threat to Earth , but scientists will continue to monitor it .
Near - Earth objects are asteroids and comets with orbits that pass relatively close to Earth 's path around the sun .
In extremely rare cases of an impact , the objects may cause damage to Earth 's surface .
An asteroid about 10 kilometers ( 6 miles ) wide is thought to have plunged into our planet 65 million years ago , triggering a global disaster and killing off the dinosaurs .
Additional asteroid and comet detections will continue to come from WISE .
The observations will be automatically sent to the clearinghouse for solar system bodies , the Minor Planet Center in Cambridge , Mass. , for comparison against the known catalog of solar system objects .
A community of professional and amateur astronomers will provide follow - up observations , establishing firm orbits for the previously unseen objects .
" This is just the beginning , " said Ned Wright , the mission 's principal investigator from UCLA .
" We 've got a fire hose of data pouring down from space .
" On Jan. 14 , the WISE mission began its official survey of the entire sky in infrared light , one month after it rocketed into a polar orbit around Earth from Vandenberg Air Force Base in California .
By casting a wide net , the mission will catch all sorts of cosmic objects , from asteroids in our own solar system to galaxies billions of light - years away .
Its data will serve as a cosmic treasure map , pointing astronomers and telescopes , such as NASA 's Spitzer Space Telescope and the upcoming James Webb Space Telescope , to the most interesting finds .
WISE is expected to find about 100,000 previously unknown asteroids in our main asteroid belt , a rocky ring of debris between the orbits of Mars and Jupiter .
It will also spot hundreds of previously unseen near - Earth objects .
By observing infrared light , WISE will reveal the darkest members of the near - Earth object population -- those that do n't reflect much visible light .
The mission will contribute important information about asteroid and comet sizes .
Visible - light estimates of an asteroid 's size can be deceiving , because a small , light - colored space rock can look the same as a big , dark one .
In infrared , however , a big dark rock will give off more of a thermal , or infrared glow , and reveal its true size .
This size information will give researchers a better estimate of how often Earth can expect potentially devastating impacts .
" We are thrilled to have found our first new near - Earth object , " said Amy Mainzer of NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena , Calif .
Mainzer is the principal investigator of NEOWISE , a program to mine the collected WISE data for new solar system objects .
" Many programs are searching for near - Earth objects using visible light , but some asteroids are dark , like pavement , and do n't reflect a lot of sunlight .
But like a parking lot , the dark objects heat up and emit infrared light that WISE can see . "
" It is great to receive the first of many anticipated near - Earth object discoveries by the WISE system , " said Don Yeomans , manager of NASA 's Near - Earth Object Program Office at JPL .
" Analysis of the WISE data will go a long way toward understanding the true nature of this population .
" JPL manages the WISE mission for NASA 's Science Mission Directorate , Washington .
The principal investigator , Edward Wright , is at UCLA .
The mission was competitively selected under NASA 's Explorers Program managed by the Goddard Space Flight Center , Greenbelt , Md . The science instrument was built by the Space Dynamics Laboratory , Logan , Utah , and the spacecraft was built by Ball Aerospace & Technologies Corp. , Boulder , Colo .
Science operations and data processing take place at the Infrared Processing and Analysis Center at the California Institute of Technology in Pasadena .
Caltech manages JPL for NASA .
The ground - based observations are partly supported by the National Science Foundation .
More information is online at http://www.nasa.gov/wise
http://wise.astro.ucla.edu and http://www.jpl.nasa.gov/wise
News Media Contact
Whitney Clavin 818-354-4673Jet Propulsion Laboratory , Pasadena , Calif.whitney.clavin@jpl.nasa.gov2010-028
Some corporate lobbyists , speaking anonymously for fear of irking the White House , said they were revising job descriptions in light of the administration ’s decision to bar registered lobbyists from sitting on industry advisory panels .
“ Wait a minute , who is going to be on this board ? ” a lobbyist for a major aviation company recalled thinking .
“ Are we going to actively manage people to not be lobbyists ? ”
The pattern has set off a debate on K Street and Capitol Hill .
Many lobbyists argue that the decline in registration demonstrates the unfairness of cracking down on their trade while ignoring the campaign contributors , corporate executives , union chiefs and others who seek the ears of public officials .
Advocates for the rules , on the other hand , argue that they should be tighter still , with tougher enforcement .
“ In a world of two and a half years ago , ” said Thomas M. Susman , director of government affairs for the American Bar Association , “ people in Washington would have said : ‘ If in doubt , register .
I like the publicity .
I like to be in periodicals that list lobbyists .
I want to be able to tell potential clients how many I am already registered for . ’
Those are people who I believe have reconsidered . ”
“ To the extent that people now say the Obama restrictions and prohibitions are driving lobbyists underground and having a perverse effect , in a sense that is right , ” Mr. Susman said .
“ But if you want more people to be disclosed as lobbyists , well , change the law and require them to disclose . ”
Of course , even before the new rules , there were some public policy advisers who avoided registration while nonetheless profiting handsomely by helping private clients influence Congress and the White House .
Under the Obama administration , the most conspicuous example is Tom Daschle , the former Democratic Senate leader .
He advises colleagues and private clients on health care policy as a member of the lobbying firm DLA Piper .
And he also informally consults on health care policy with Mr. Obama , senior White House officials and former Senate colleagues .
But he is not registered as a lobbyist .
( Mr. Daschle has said he complies with all the rules . )
Advocates of stricter disclosure requirements say they want the rules extended to cover policy advisers like him .
Ms. Miller , of the Sunlight Foundation , said her organization was working to lower the registration requirements to cover anyone spending even a “ de minimus ” amount of time on lobbying .
“ There are influence peddlers who have gotten away with not disclosing because they are under the 20 percent rule , ” she said , “ and we want to shut down that loophole . ”
WHITE PLAINS , N.Y . —
A federal judge today revoked bail for former New York City Police Commissioner Bernard Kerik and sent the Paterson - native to jail to await a corruption trial scheduled to start next week .
Calling Kerik " a toxic combination of self - minded focus and arrogance , " Judge Stephen Robinson said he was revoking the $ 500,000 bail because Kerik disclosed sealed case information to the trustee of his legal defense fund .
The trustee shared some of the secret information with the Washington Times , which did n't publish it .
The judge said he did not believe Kerik 's claim that the trustee had been hired as a lawyer and was therefore allowed to see the information .
Kerik was being jailed to make sure he was unable to " influence witnesses or prospective jurors , " Robinson said .
" My fear is that he has a toxic combination of self - minded focus and arrogance , and I fear that combination leads him to believe that his ends justify his means , " Robinson said .
" The failure of Mr. Kerik to abide by the direct order of this court ... must be appropriately addressed . "
Kerik is charged with accepting apartment renovations from a construction company in exchange for recommending the company for city contracts .
He has pleaded not guilty .
Defense lawyer Barry Berke said he would appeal the ruling and seek a stay , but he said he was unsure if that could be accomplished before the trial , which is scheduled to begin Monday .
At the end of the court session , Kerik took off his purple tie , emptied his pockets , removed a ring from his finger and gave them to his lawyer .
He then walked off in custody .
Kerik was police commissioner when terrorists crashed jetliners into the two World Trade Center towers on Sept. 11 , 2001 .
He and then - Mayor Rudolph Giuliani received glowing reviews for their leadership in the crisis .
Kerik was later President George W. Bush 's pick to lead the Department of Homeland Security , but withdrew .
Robinson said Tuesday that Kerik seemed to believe that " the rulings of this court are an inconvenience to be forgotten or an obstacle to be circumvented .
Mr. Kerik sees himself as a victim of circumstance ... I think he needs to refocus . "
Kerik faces a second trial on tax charges , and a third that claims he lied to White House officials vetting him for the position of Homeland Security secretary .
Previous coverage :
June 4 -- Former N.Y.C. top cop faces arraignment for charges of lying during vetting process
Nov. 9 , 2007 -- NYC 's ex-top cop indicted for corruption charges
The idea of putting love in a videogame usually boils down to the romantic notion of a developer so passionate that they surmount countless hurdles to put their personal stamp on the project .
It ’s the extra sprite that ’s encountered just once in the game , the playful dialogue between minor characters only accessible upon subsequent replays , an alternate special move for a boss that only appears on the hardest difficulty .
These loving touches do n’t carry a lot of bang for the buck , at least not immediately .
They ’re easy to miss , they ’re rarely duplicated , and they usually have a minimal effect on the gameplay .
If they ’re planned ahead of time , they ’re often the first elements to get cut when the realities of budgets and schedules rear up .
It ’s not easy to place any actual value on them , and when removed — or simply not implemented — their absence does n’t seem very detrimental .
In short , they ’re the opposite of the typical bullet - points that can go on the back of a box .
Somewhat contradictorily , though , they can become the most memorable parts of a game .
They ’re what can set it apart from other titles and make it special to the player , and , in the grand scheme of things , matter a whole lot more than the number of levels or weapons .
That alone warrants a definition :
loving touch , n .
An element of a videogame that ’s largely inconsequential and easily overlooked , but one that often represents quality and resonates as a unique and defining feature . , n .
What are some of your favourite examples of “ the love ” in a videogame ?
Individual stats like Facebook passing the 400 million user mark , Twitter hitting 50 million tweets per day , and YouTube viewers watching 1 billion videos per day are impressive on their own , but what if we looked at Internet - related stats collectively ?
Jesse Thomas did just that in his video State of the Internet .
The video — created and animated by Thomas with data from multiple sources — highlights some remarkable figures and visually depicts the Internet as we know it today .
It 's a must - watch video for anyone trying to wrap their minds around just how immersed web technologies have become in our everyday lives .
You can watch the video below , but we 've also included some of the most intriguing figures shared in the video :
- There are 1.73 billion Internet users worldwide as of September 2009 . -
There are 1.4 billion e-mail users worldwide , and on average we collectively send 247 billion e-mails per day .
Unfortunately 200 billion of those are spam e-mails . - As of December 2009 , there are 234 million websites .
- Facebook gets 260 billion pageviews per month , which equals 6 million page views per minute and 37.4 trillion pageviews in a year .
IPv6 for a Linux generation
IPv6 is nothing new – it was finally standardised back in 1998 in RFC 2460 , and virtually all operating systems have supported it now for at least 5 years , so most people are in a position to give it a try .
If you ’re one of the lucky ones , your ISP might provide native IP v6 connectivity ( like AAISP ) , but for most of us , the main way to get connected to the rest of the IPv6 Internet is to use something we ’ve already got – IP v4 .
And we ’re going to tunnel over it .
The first thing we need to do is choose a tunnel broker , which is a fancy name for someone who ’ll provide us with an IP v4 endpoint we can tunnel IP v6 over .
Wikipedia has a list , but the main , globally available ones are Hurricane Electric and SixXS .
Either of these will do , and some people prefer HE over SixXS , but that ’s a purely personal choice – in my experience , both work equally as well .
For this example , though , we ’ll go with HE – so head on over to http://tunnelbroker.net/ and create an account .
My first tunnel
Once you ’ve created your account , log in and create a tunnel .
For some reason , it always seems to pick their New York POP , so you might want to manually choose one geographically closer ( in my case – and for our example – London , UK )
The IP address you use as your local end of the tunnel will need to be a public IP address .
It ’s possible to use a machine behind a NAT device if it ’s in a DMZ - style setup where all the traffic destined for the public IP address gets forwarded by the NAT device to the machine behind it , but your mileage may vary .
Once created , view the tunnel details , which should look something like this :-
Our tunnel has been created !
At the bottom of the page , you ’ll notice a little drop - down that generates the commands needed to bring up the tunnel .
For this example , we ’re using iproute2 , so the commands go something like this :-
ip tunnel add he - ipv6 mode sit remote 216.66.80.26 local 192.0.2.1 ttl 255 ip link set he -ipv6 up ip addr add 2001:470:1f08:810::2/64 dev he - ipv6 ip route add ::/0 dev he-ipv6
The first command creates an IPv6 - in - IP v4 tunnel between us and HE , and the second command brings up that tunnel .
The third command adds our IP v6 address to our end of the tunnel , and finally the fourth command sets the IP v6 default route to be down our newly - created tunnel .
And that ’s it – we ’re now connected to the global IP v6 internet .
To test it , let ’s try pinging something : -
mordor : ~# ping6 -c 3 www.he.net PING www.he.net(he.net) 56 data bytes 64 bytes from he.net : icmp_seq=1 ttl=58 time=375 ms 64 bytes from he.net : icmp_seq=2 ttl=58 time=257 ms 64 bytes from he.net : icmp_seq=3 ttl=58 time=255 ms --- www.he.net ping statistics --- 3 packets transmitted , 3 received , 0 % packet loss , time 2002 ms rtt min/avg/ max/mdev = 255.562/296.218/375.628/56.158 ms
If you see something like the above , then give yourself a pat on the back , because it ’s working !
Next steps
HE by default assigns you a / 64 network , which is the smallest size intended to be allocated .
This gives you 18,446,744,073,709,551,616 IPs , and whichever way you look at it that ’s a lot of addresses .
With this in mind , you might be wondering why HE will give you a / 48 ( that ’s 1,208,925,819,614,629,174,706,176 IPs ! ) .
The reason is that each network is intended to have a / 64 , and a / 48 allows you to carve up that space into a total of 65,536 separate / 64 networks .
Now this obviously sounds like overkill to the average user , but autoconfiguration tools such as radvd wo n’t work with networks smaller than / 64 , again because of the intentions mentioned previously .
This means that if you have more than one network at home ( say , a wired network and a wireless network , currently with separate IP v4 networks for each ) , you can assign a / 64 to each one .
With this is mind , let ’s ask HE for a / 48 by clicking on Allocate in the ‘ Routed / 48 ′ section .
After a few seconds , you ’ll see something like this :-
In our example , we ’ve been allocated 2001:470:90d3::/48 , and now it ’s time to plan our IP schema .
Laying it out
Taking my own home network as an example , I have three networks – one for general use ( the ‘ LAN ‘ ) , one for guest use over wireless ( the ‘ WLAN ‘ ) , and finally a DMZ ( the… er , ‘ DMZ ‘ ) .
We could lay these out like this :-
LAN – 2001:470:90d3 : 1 ::/64
DMZ – 2001:470:90d3 : 2 ::/64
WLAN – 2001:470:90d3 : 3 ::/64
Nice and simple , and easy to remember .
Assuming all three networks are connected to the same gateway machine , we can give the gateway the first IP in the range – 2001:470:90d3:1::1 , 2001:470:90d3:2::1 and 2001:470:90d3:3::1 .
Routing things further
Before we start , we need to enable IP forwarding for IPv6 : -
sysctl -w net.ipv6.conf.all.forwarding=1
You ’ll probably want to add this somewhere so it gets activated on bootup – under Debian this would be in /etc/sysctl.conf ( which already has the entry , albeit commented out ) .
One way to provide connectivity to machines on the individual networks is to manually give each machine an IP v6 address , and to route it through our gateway : -
ip addr add 2001:470:90d3:1::2/64 dev eth0 ip route add ::/0 via 2001:470:90d3:1::1 dev eth0
Again , all being well , you should now be able to route to the wider IPv6 Internet from our newly - configured IP v6 node .
More importantly , this also means that the wider IPv6 Internet can route back to you – which brings us to …
Security , not obscurity
Do n’t be fooled into thinking that because of the immense range of possible IP v6 addresses that securing your new IP v6 setup is n’t required – IPv6 is no exception when it comes to the Internet Bad Guys , so implementing firewall rules is of the utmost importance .
The problem with IPv4 and NAT is that it ’s allowed people to become somewhat complacent about security , because machines behind a NAT device are naturally unreachable from the global Internet .
IP v6 does not have NAT , which means you do n’t have this ( rather lazy ) safety net , so we have to do it properly .
Luckily , if you ’re familiar with iptables , you ’ll be glad to know that there ’s an IPv6 equivalent – and it ’s called ( predicatably ) ip6tables .
The syntax is identical , and in fact the only noticeable difference is that you ’re using IP v6 addresses and networks instead of IP v4 ones .
A quick example would go something like this :-
# Clear our INPUT , OUTPUT and FORWARD chains ip6tables -F INPUT ip6tables -F OUTPUT ip6tables -F FORWARD # Allow packets related to existing connections ip6tables -A INPUT -m state -- state RELATED , ESTABLISHED -j ACCEPT ip6tables -A FORWARD -m state -- state RELATED , ESTABLISHED -j ACCEPT # Allow link - local ( for neighbour discovery ) ip6tables -A INPUT -s fe80::/10 -j ACCEPT # Allow SSH inbound to our gateway from our LAN ip6tables -A INPUT - i lan -s 2001:470:90d3:1::/64 - p tcp -m tcp -- dport 22 -j ACCEPT # Allow all outbound from our networks ip6tables -A FORWARD - i lan -s 2001:470:90d3:1::/64 -j ACCEPT ip6tables -A FORWARD - i dmz -s 2001:470:90d3:2::/64 -j ACCEPT ip6tables -A FORWARD - i wlan -s 2001:470:90d3:3::/64 -j ACCEPT # Allow all outbound from our gateway ip6tables -A OUTPUT -j ACCEPT # Allow SSH and HTTPS inbound to our DMZ ip6tables -A FORWARD - i he - ipv6 -d 2001:470:90d3:2::/64 - p tcp -m multiport -- dports 22,443 -j ACCEPT #
Set the default policy to drop ip6tables -P INPUT DROP ip6tables -P FORWARD DROP ip6tables -P OUTPUT DROP
So there you have it – IP v6 firewalling need n’t be difficult .
If you want to make something more complex , you might want to take a look at my previous post about iptables and the ‘ mark ’ target , which also applies to ip6tables .
IPv6 – automatically
Just like DHCP for IP v4 , there are autoconfiguration mechanisms for IP v6 – radvd and DHCPv6 .
Radvd is the older of the two , but both can be used for the same purpose .
Configuration of radvd is relatively straightforward , and if we wanted to provide autoconfiguration on our example LAN , we can do something like this :-
interface lan { AdvSendAdvert on ; MinRtrAdvInterval 3 ; MaxRtrAdvInterval 10 ; AdvDefaultPreference low ; AdvHomeAgentFlag off ; prefix 2001:470:90d3:2::/64 { AdvOnLink on ; AdvAutonomous on ; AdvRouterAddr off ; } ; } ;
Where next ?
This only covers the start – there ’s more involved in bringing an IP v6 network up to scratch , like setting up forward and reverse DNS , and configuring various daemons to talk over IP v6 as well as IPv4 .
If you ’re interested , you might find some of the following links useful reading : -
Thanks to these commenters for pointing out errors in the original post where I ’d mixed up two separate networks !
Captured Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit has not been afforded even one visit to his unknown whereabouts since he was taken captive by Hamas .
While his family , as well as security prisoners being held in Israeli prisoners have pled that this be rectified , it seems as though the treatment of Palestinian prisoners in Hamas and Fatah jails is far from upholding basic human rights – especially on the backdrop of the rift between PA regime in the West Bank and the Hamas forces in the Gaza Strip .
Egyptian Jail Hamas official ' tortured to death ' in Egyptian jails Ali Waked Senior members of Palestinian movement deem death of Yousef Abu Zuhri ' ugly crime ' with harsh claims against Cairo Hamas official ' tortured to death ' in Egyptian jails
In the program , which was broadcast in a " commission of inquiry " format , the two prisoners claimed that torture during interrogations is a widespread practice .
According to the data presented , some 100 Fatah member are being held in Hamas jails in the Gaza Strip , while some 500 Hamas members are jailed in the PA .
Speaking via satellite , a spokesperson from the Hamas interior ministry was quick to deny the allegations and provided an alternate version of events .
" There is no torture in our jails , and they are open to everyone .
Human rights organizations follow the issue and make regular visits .
All the media outlets can come and visit the facilities .
Our interrogators are not masked , and every interrogation is listed in the minutes , " said the spokesperson , Ehab a -Roussin .
However , the spokesperson 's optimism did not succeed in unseating the testimony of Bilal Qawara , 22 from the southern Gaza Strip town of Khan Younis , who comes from a family of Fatah supporters .
Wheelchair - bound , recounted what he endured at the hands of Hamas after being arrested in 2007 in an incident that killed two of his brothers .
" My life turned upside down .
Before , I walked everywhere , and now – nothing .
I just sit in my wheelchair and need someone to take be in order to go down the stairs , " said the young man painfully .
" Hamas broke into my house and snatched me away .
I was interrogated for six hours .
Afterwards , they threw me onto the street and shot me .
I do n't know who did it , " Qawara recounted .
Since his injury , Bilal has undergone lengthy medical treatments in hospitals in the Gaza Strip and Israel .
He is currently hospitalized in Ramallah .
' Hung in the air for full day '
It seems as though the situation on the other side is no better .
Azzam al - Fahal , a bakery owner near Ramallah , was arrested last year by the Palestinian General Intelligence Services for membership in Hamas .
Al - Fahal , a father of two , was suspected of holding arms .
He was released only after promising to cease his activities .
In the BBC interview , he told of the horrors he endured for the two weeks he was jailed .
" They handcuffed my hands and feet and beat me for an hour and a half .
Afterwards , they put me in a cell in which I could neither sit nor stand .
" Moreover , the torture also had a psychological element as I was witness to the torture of Sheikh Majd al - Barghouti ( who , according to Hamas , died as a result of the torture ) .
My hands were tied with metal cuffs and I was hung in the air for an entire day , " he recounted .
Unlike Hamas , the spokesperson for the PA General Intelligence Service in the West Bank General Adnan a - Demeiri admitted on the program that torture during interrogation and imprisonment does in fact exist .
He emphasized that the torture is initiated and undertaken by insubordinate prison officers , who afterwards are tried for their actions .
" There are violations , but there is no policy of torture .
We have tried officers that have strayed from orders .
I do not deny that there were individual violations on the matter , but that was in the past .
The situation now is different can be tracked , " the Fatah spokesman said .
A - Demeir added , " More than 300 soldiers and officers have been tried for violating orders on torture - related matters or for harming personal dignity .
This all comes on the backdrop of orders we receive from ( Palestinian President ) Abu Mazen ( Mahmoud Abbas ) to maintain the dignity of the prisoners . "
A - Demeiri was joined on the program by a member of Fatah 's Central Committee , Azzam al - Ahmad , who jeered at his Hamas rivals .
" Allegations of torture started since the split with Hamas .
I do not deny that there were a few instances in which investigations were done illegally , but the matter has been taken care of .
Even in the best democracies there are cases like this because the use of pain is a human phenomenon that exists everywhere , and we are fighting it .
" Until now , the security forces have not stuck to all 100 % of the law , but the situation is getting better .
Hamas does worse things than what happens in the West Bank , " al - Ahmad said .
Another Hamas representative participating in the program , former minister Dr. Omar Abd al - Razeq , rejected these claims and pointed a finger back at Fatah .
" We condemn any use of torture and arrests on a political basis or organizational affiliation .
Since the end of 2008 , we did not make any political arrests .
But if the subject has already been brought up , the PA authorities are the ones who torture in a variety of ways – be it wetting their cells or arresting their family members and threatening them , " asserted al - Razeq .
So I ’m reading the latest NYT article about the health care mayhem going on in Washington today , and the article throws out some possible “ compromises ” a new pared - down health care bill could contain .
And I see this :
Lawmakers , Congressional aides and health policy experts said the package might plausibly include these elements : ¶ Insurers could not deny coverage to children under the age of 19 on account of pre-existing medical conditions .
The only reason to specify that children under the age of 19 wo n’t be denied coverage is because you plan on letting everyone 19 and over BE denied coverage for pre-existing conditions .
Even the lousy Senate and House bills outlawed that .
But here ’s the rub .
If you ban pre-existing conditions for everyone , then you need to mandate that everyone get coverage , in order to keep insurance premiums down , and then you ’d need to subsidize people who ca n’t afford to buy coverage , and the vicious circle begins .
It also would n’t kill you to have some real competition in the market to help keep rates down for everyone , but that was called the public option , and we all know what happened to that .
Anyway , this new compromise talked about in the NYT article would only cover half of the 30 million that would have gotten new coverage under the Senate plan .
So , if they ’re going to only cover half , they must figure they ca n’t outlaw pre-existing conditions for everyone .
The ACLU filed initial FOIA requests with the CIA and various government departments .
ACLU sues gov't over drones
The American Civil Liberties Union sued the federal government Tuesday to learn the use of unmanned drones for targeted killings by the military and CIA .
“ In particular , the lawsuit asks for information on when , where and against whom drone strikes can be authorized , the number and rate of civilian casualties and other basic information essential for assessing the wisdom and legality of using armed drones to conduct targeted killings , ” the ACLU said in a statement , announcing its action .
Advertisement
The nonprofit civil liberties group filed initial Freedom of Information Act requests with the Defense , Justice and State departments and with the Central Intelligence Agency on Jan. 13 .
Only the CIA responded , and the ACLU is pursuing that request with an appeal to the agency .
The military and intelligence communities have increasingly relied on Predator and Reaper unmanned drones to capture video imagery and launch deadly missile strikes , particularly lately in Afghanistan and neighboring Pakistan .
The Pentagon , especially , continues to purchase more and more drones each year .
A New American Foundation study , cited in Jane Mayer ’s October 2009 New Yorker piece that drew attention to the CIA ’s use of killer drones , found the number of attacks has continued to grow under the Obama administration – from 34 in 2008 to 43 by October of 2009 .
“ The government 's use of drones to conduct targeted killings raises complicated questions – not only legal questions , but policy and moral questions as well , ” said Jameel Jaffer , director of the ACLU National Security Project .
“ These kinds of questions ought to be discussed and debated publicly , not resolved secretly behind closed doors .
While the Obama administration may legitimately withhold intelligence information as well as sensitive information about military strategy , it should disclose basic information about the scope of the drone program , the legal basis for the program and the civilian casualties that have resulted from the program . ”
Charles Miller , a spokesman for the Justice Department , which is a defendant in the suit filed in U.S. District Court in Washington , said he had not yet seen the complaint .
“ The bottom line is that we will review the compliant once we receive it and make a determination as to how we 'll respond in court , ” he said .
The Defense Department , another defendant , had no immediate comment .
So what are you looking at ?
Just salt , a speaker and a cookie sheet , but the outcome is fascinating .
The phenomenon is called a Chladni Pattern , and seeing how sound waves affect matter is one great example of how interesting all the waves surrounding us are .
Below is another video featuring the sweet salt science .
It ’s narrated by David Icke , so be warned , you ’re in for some kooky metaphysical yammering and pseudo - science postulation — but it ’s super trippy nonetheless .
LONGHUA , China / TAIPEI ( Reuters ) -
The massive manufacturing complex in the South China city of Longhua resembles an industrial fortress .
To enter the facility , workers swipe security cards at the gate .
Guards check the occupants of each vehicle with fingerprint recognition scanners .
Workers walk outside Foxconn 's factory complex in Guanlan in the southern Chinese province of Guangdong January 22 , 2010 .
Foxconn manufactures products for Apple Inc. Picture taken January 22 , 2010 .
REUTERS / James Pomfret
Container trucks and fork lifts rumble nonstop across the sprawling compound , serving a grid of factories that churn out electronics goods for top global brands around the clock .
Inside the walled city -- one of several compounds run by Foxconn International , a major supplier for Apple Inc -- employees are provided with most of their daily needs .
There are dormitories , canteens , recreation facilities , even banks , post offices and bakeries .
The rank - and - file within the compound have little reason to venture outside .
That reduces the likelihood of leaks , which in turn lessens the risk of incurring the wrath of Apple and its chief executive , Steve Jobs , whose product launches have turned into long - running , tightly controlled media spectacles .
Many of Apple ’s finished gadgets , from iPods to iPads , are assembled at industrial compounds like the one in Longhua .
And when it comes to guarding Apple ’s secrets , Foxconn , a unit of Taiwan ’s Hon Hai Precision Industry , and other suppliers throughout the region leave little to chance .
“ Security is tight everywhere inside the factories , ” said a uniformed worker outside the Foxconn factory in Longhua , about an hour from Hong Kong .
“ They use metal detectors and search us .
If you have any metal objects on you when you leave , they just call the police , ” he said .
Hon Hai spokesman Edmund Ding declined to comment for this article , as did Apple .
But industry sources in China and elsewhere in Southeast Asia say that Apple goes to what one person in the business termed “ extreme lengths ” to protect even the smallest details of its new products under development .
Many of the Cupertino , California - based company ’s tactics read like something from a spy novel : information is assiduously guarded and handed out only on a need - to - know basis ; employees suspected of leaks may be investigated by the contractor ; and the company makes it clear that it will not hesitate to sue if secrets are spilled .
On occasion , Apple will give contract manufacturers different products , just to try them out .
That way , the source of any leaks becomes immediately obvious , people familiar with the supply chain said .
And unlike other electronics makers , some of whom prefer the convenience of one - stop shopping , Apple does n’t rely on a single firm to supply everything for a product .
The industry sources say the company will often minutely divvy up projects .
“ This ensures that the only people who have all the secrets to any Apple product is Apple itself , ” said a senior official at a subsidiary of Hon Hai Precision Industry .
“ Other tech companies will also look for their own sources of components to compare , but none of them do as many things in - house as Apple does . ”
The upshot is that even the people who man the assembly lines have no idea what the finished product will look like .
“ The typical production line worker will not see the product until the very last minute when actual production takes place , ” said an official at one supplier .
“ It ’s all concentrated in the hands of a few product development teams . ”
The discretion that Apple demands from its suppliers is merely an extension of the way the company operates at its own corporate headquarters in Cupertino , former employees say .
Apple ’s obsession with secrecy is the stuff of legend in Silicon Valley .
Over the years , it has fired executives over leaks and sued bloggers to stop trade secrets from being exposed .
Slideshow ( 2 images )
A tight - lipped ethos permeates working life , particularly in the run-up to the launch of a new device .
Projects are siloed in carefully controlled work groups , rooms are guarded by strict key card access , and many have no firm idea about what even their colleagues in the same office are working on .
One former employee , who worked in the marketing department at the time of the iPhone launch , said workers understand that secrecy is part of Apple ’s mystique , and the silence is self - enforced at the most basic level .
“ I did n’t even talk about it with my wife , ” he said .
“ It ’s a culture of silence and it ’s just accepted .
You get used to not talking about your work , it becomes normal because everybody is doing the same thing . ”
THESE GUARDS MEAN BUSINESS
In China , a Reuters reporter found out the hard way how seriously some Apple suppliers take security .
Tipped by a worker outside the Longhua complex that a nearby Foxconn plant was manufacturing parts for Apple too , our correspondent hopped in a taxi for a visit to the facility in Guanlan , which makes products for a range of companies .
As he stood on the public road taking photos of the front gate and security checkpoint , a guard shouted .
The reporter continued snapping photos before jumping into a waiting taxi .
The guard blocked the vehicle and ordered the driver to stop , threatening to strip him of his taxi license .
The correspondent got out and insisted he was within his rights as he was on the main road .
The guard grabbed his arm .
A second guard ran over , and with a crowd of Foxconn workers watching , they tried dragging him into the factory .
The reporter asked to be let go .
When that did n’t happen , he jerked himself free and started walking off .
The older guard kicked him in the leg , while the second threatened to hit him again if he moved .
A few minutes later , a Foxconn security car came along but the reporter refused to board it .
He called the police instead .
After the authorities arrived and mediated , the guards apologized and the matter was settled .
The reporter left without filing a complaint , though the police gave him the option of doing so .
“ You ’re free to do what you want , ” the policeman explained , “ But this is Foxconn and they have a special status here .
Please understand . ”
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL
It is unlikely that Apple tells security guards across the Pacific how to go about their business .
The company , which spends billions of dollars on components and contract manufacturers , has a code of conduct that spells out how those working in its supply chain should be treated -- “ Suppliers must be committed to a workplace free of harassment , ” states one .
To ensure compliance , Apple periodically audits its suppliers .
But the scuffle in Guanlan does underscore the intense pressure many contractors feel to clamp down on the information flow .
Another way Apple keeps leaks to a minimum is to bring suppliers in at the absolute last minute .
“ What usually happens is that we will receive a call from Apple , and by then they usually already have some idea of what exactly they want , ” said an official at a component supplier , who , like nearly everyone else interviewed for this story , would speak only on condition of anonymity .
“ They usually give us a couple of options , we present some stuff to them , and they look at quite a lot of samples before coming to a final decision , sometimes just weeks before the rumored launch , ” he said .
Apple also helps keep its components out of the mainstream by insisting on custom designs rather than off - the - shelf parts -- a practice that leaves many suppliers frustrated .
An official at a South Korean supplier who said he has participated in Apple projects complained that the company sometimes makes unreasonable requests .
“ Apple also wants unique size and specifications , ” he said .
“ That means we wo n’t be able to use a common platform or rework those components to serve other clients .
And if there ’s any inventory left , it can not be used any other way .
Not surprisingly , landing a contract with Apple will always include a confidentiality clause .
And they usually come with stiff penalties in the event that a breach is discovered , said sources at some suppliers .
These insiders added that such agreements often come on top of unannounced checks by Apple officials to maintain standards .
Two sources familiar with the matter said they were not aware of any company that has been fined for breaching a confidentiality pact .
But they say a number a suppliers have been verbally warned that they were in danger of losing their contract if suspected leaks persisted .
The difficulty lies in proving the source of a leak .
In the absence of solid evidence , the most Apple can do is to switch suppliers once the contract runs out , the sources said .
“ Unless there ’s a recording or an email that can be clearly identified to a certain Apple supplier , it ’s all going to be a blame game with everyone pointing fingers at everyone else , ” one of the sources said .
Hon Hai , the huge Taiwanese manufacturer with units in China , has gone to great lengths in the past to maintain its own secrecy .
In a high - profile case in China in 2006 , Hon Hai sued two Chinese reporters and asked for 30 million yuan ( $ 4.4 million ) in damages for exposing alleged subpar employment practices .
The amount was later reduced to a symbolic 1 yuan , after stinging public criticism was directed at Apple .
Various groups including Reporters Without Borders wrote to Apple chief Jobs asking him to intercede in the case .
Apple ’s audit of Hon Hai ’s facilities after the case found that it was in compliance with a majority of its requirements under its supplier ’s code of conduct .
But the company did find a number of violations that it was working to address , though it declined to disclose the specifics .
In another case that made global headlines last year , an employee in China for Foxconn was believed to have jumped to his death after being interrogated by his employer .
According to local press reports , he was under suspicion of taking an iPhone prototype -- to which he had access -- out of the factory .
As many Asian countries prepare to celebrate Year of the Tiger beginning February 14 , World Wildlife Fund ( WWF ) reports that tigers are in crisis around the world , including here in the United States , where more tigers are kept in captivity than are alive in the wild throughout Asia .
As few as 3,200 tigers exist in the wild in Asia where they are threatened by poaching , habitat loss , illegal trafficking and the conversion of forests for infrastructure and plantations .
WWF is releasing a new interactive map of the world 's top 10 tiger trouble spots and the main threats against tigers .
WWF is also launching a campaign : Tx2 : Double or Nothing to support tiger range states in their goal of doubling wild tiger numbers by the next Year of the Tiger in 2022 .
The issues highlighted in the trouble spots map ( www.worldwildlife.org/troublespots) include :
Pulp , paper , palm oil and rubber companies are devastating the forests of Indonesia and Malaysia , home to two endangered tiger sub -species ;
Hundreds of new or proposed dams and roads in the Mekong region will fragment tiger habitat ;
Illegal trafficking in tiger bones , skins and meat feeds a continued demand in East and Southeast Asia ;
More tigers are kept in captivity in the U.S. than are left in the wild -- and there are few regulations to keep these tigers from ending up on the black market .
The largest numbers of captive tigers are in Texas ( an estimated 3,000 + ) , but they are also kept in other states ;
Poaching of tigers and their prey , along with a major increase in logging is taking a heavy toll on Amur , or Siberian , tigers ;
Tigers and humans are increasingly coming into conflict in India as tiger habitats shrink ;
Climate change could reduce tiger habitat in Bangladesh 's Sundarbans mangroves by 96 percent .
Three tiger sub - species have gone extinct since the 1940s and a fourth one , the South China tiger , has not been seen in the wild in 25 years .
Tigers occupy just seven percent of their historic range .
But they can thrive if they have strong protection from poaching and habitat loss and enough prey to eat .
" Tigers are being persecuted across their range -- poisoned , trapped , snared , shot and squeezed out of their homes , " said Mike Baltzer , Leader of WWF 's Tiger Initiative .
" But there is hope for them in this Year of the Tiger .
There has never been such a committed , ambitious , high - level commitment from governments to double wild tiger numbers .
They have set the bar high and we hope for the sake of tigers and people that they reach it . "
In the U.S. , the government does not track how many tigers are in captivity within its borders , where they are , who owns them , or what happens to their body parts when they die .
In many states , there are no controls on individuals keeping tigers as pets .
Current estimates indicate that there are more than 5,000 tigers in captivity in the United States , more than exist in the wild .
A registration scheme for all captive tigers and a means to monitor disposal of dead tigers is urgently needed to ensure they are n't exploited for the illegal trade .
In the lead up to the Vladivostok Summit , all 13 tiger range countries recently committed to the goal of doubling tiger numbers by 2022 at a ministerial meeting in Hua Hin , Thailand .
They will be helped in this goal by WWF and other members of the Global Tiger Initiative .
The Summit will be co-hosted by Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin and World Bank President Robert Zoellick .
" We may not get another opportunity like this with so much political will from the tiger range countries and attention from so many institutions and people around the world , " said Sybille Klenzendorf , Director of the WWF - US Species Program .
" The situation for tigers is a sobering one , but if we seize this moment and maintain it for the long term , the next Year of the Tiger may give us real reason to celebrate . "
Learn more :
Only a few hours left to Double your gift
All photos : Brenda Baletti
While world leaders were meeting in Copenhagen to address the challenge of climate change last month , indigenous and traditional Brazilians in the Amazon region were gathering to defend one the globe ’s most important climate - stabilizing resources : the rainforest .
The protesters are battling against the evisceration of their homelands by illegal logging .
At the root of the conflict lie two competing conceptions of the rainforest : 1 ) it can be a place that supports traditional communities and a variety of plant and animal specis ; or 2 ) it can be a source of cheap wood , soy , and beef for global markets .
Just as the Copenhagen effort ended in a frustrating stalemate , the success of this uprising remains very much in doubt .
But while the Copenhagen drama involved heated meetings and street protests , blazes are being set and shots being fired in the rainforest .
Showdown on the River
Early one morning in late November , a group of 30 people set out by motorized canoes from the community of Santa Maria of Uruará , in the lower Brazilian Amazon to the junction of the Tamataí and Uruará Rivers , at the boundary of the Extractive Reserve Renascer .
The group set up a camp on the riverbank in order to do what the government has not–block illegal loggers who have been taking wood from inside the reserve .
In June of 2009 , after more than a decade of conflict between the traditional riberinho ( river dweller ) communities of the region and loggers and commercial fishers , the Renascer Extractive Reserve was created , albeit at half of the size that the communities had requested .
The size was limited in order to accommodate logging and mineral interests , according to government officials involved with the process .
But the creation of the reserve changed nothing — illegal loggers protected by armed gunman have continued to extract timber from inside the reserve ’s boundaries .
The state and federal government agencies ( SEMA and IBAMA respectively ) say they have no resources to monitor and enforce restrictions inside the reserve .
In fact , after the creation of the reserve , the number of timber barges leaving the area actually increased ; until the locals started blocking shipments of logs , up to five barges per day were floating down the river with a total of up to 5,000 cubic meters of wood illegally logged from the reserve .
The camp that started in late November quickly grew to hundreds of people , blocking passage of river barges and waiting for government agents to come and negotiate with them .
What started as a few hammocks strung up in a muddy , mosquito - ridden forest has grown to a village .
They cleared out the brush , and each family built a makeshift house from plastic and wood and dug a fire pit .
They take turns fishing , and periodically one of them sacrifices a cow to feed the group .
Because the protesters prevented barges from floating down the river for more than a month , the thwarted loggers began to retaliate .
Their planes periodically make threateningly low flyovers ; loggers in passing boats yell threats .
One night , five men set fire to brush next to the camp .
The Jaurú logging company attempted to bribe the community members to let wood pass down the river .
When their offer was rejected , the company hired gunmen to accompany their barges to market .
In the early morning of Jan. 3 , five log - laden barges set forth , accompanied by 40 armed men .
When they reached the encampment , they opened fire on the sleeping , unarmed protestors .
Two people were shot .
The victims were rushed to the hospital ; they survived .
Loggers Call the Shots
The demonstration at Renascer was in part inspired by action taken a month earlier and 100 miles to the west , in an area called Gleba Nova Olinda at the source of the Arapiuns River .
On Nov. 12 , people from over 40 indigenous and traditional communities –frustrated after more than a decade of failed negotiations with the state for territorial rights , and increasingly suffering threats and attacks against their leaders–closed the Arapiuns River to logging traffic and sequestered two barges full of timber .
The protestors camped on the river ’s edge for a month as they waited , to no avail , for state and federal governments to arrive and address the problem .
Finally , they set fire to the 2,000 cubic meters of wood on the barges .
The fires blazed on for three days .
Over the last 10 years , logging has increased dramatically in the west of Pará , where both of these conflicts are located .
Pará is a state in lower Brazilian Amazon that is larger than most countries and is notorious for violent land conflict .
The incursion of logging into their territories there has resulted in traditional and indigenous people demanding land rights as a way to protect their communities .
But the people have grown increasingly frustrated at the government ’s unwillingness or inability to protect their homelands ; often , land rights are not granted , reserves are not protected , and laws and management plans are not enforced .
In some cases , the government is asking for GPS coordinates and photos to prove that illegal logging is taking place — a totally unrealistic request of people who have on average studied to a fifth - grade level , live from subsistence and small - scale market agricultural production , and have only recently gotten gas - powered motors that provide electricity to their homes .
Even when NGOs and outside researchers collect this data , it frequently comes to naught , because officials never follow up and because laws are written or circumvented in favor of logging interests .
So the river dwellers and other indigenous people are taking matters into their own hands , trying to stop the injustices committed against their communities .
Ironically , they ’re now the ones being branded as criminals .
In the case of the Renascer encampment , the loggers got a municipal judge to issue an order saying that the camp must be disbanded or the people imprisoned .
Two weeks ago , the police began an action to put six of the leaders from the Arapiuns in “ preventative prison , ” which would lock them up indefinitely until they are exonerated of all charges .
Such imprisonment is normally imposed on people who are at risk of fleeing or who lack physical addresses and jobs , neither of which applies to these leaders .
This sort of punitive action accomplishes two things — it robs the movement of its leadership , and it diverts the movement ’s time and energy into a legal battle , distracting from its larger goal of fighting for land rights and curbing illegal logging .
Thus are the power relations in rapidly industrializing Brazil .
For people in the United States , tussles over territorial rights and protest camps can seem provincial and distant — regrettable , yes , but in a world overflowing with injustice , not cause for excessive concern .
But the Amazon is not your average disputed territory .
In recent decades , tropical forests have absorbed 20 percent of global fossil - fuel emissions , and the Amazon has been the biggest carbon sink of them all , absorbing nearly 2 billion tons of carbon dioxide a year .
The river dwellers are n’t defending a vision of the rainforest as a pristine carbon sink , but rather as a homeland that can support a broad range of species and vegetation , including humans .
That might not be what Western environmentalists what to hear , but it ’s surely a more ecologically responsible vision than clear - cutting followed by vast soybean monocrops .
As climate change charges forward , illegal logging in the Amazon does n’t just harm the rainforest ’s indigenous residents .
It imperils us all .
Over the past 50 years , Bruce Bates has worked with seven RIT presidents behind the scenes .
He witnessed RIT move a campus from downtown to Henrietta .
And he ’s made strategic decisions that have helped propel RIT to the global university it is today .
For his dedication and passion to RIT , Bates will receive RIT ’s inaugural Lifetime Achievement in Philanthropy Award during a virtual celebration on Sept. 24 .
For now , the bond king Bill Gross does n't see the sovereign debt crisis as being on the same magnitude as the subprime crisis , but he thinks a similar dynamic is at play .
On CNBC yesterday he said : " First of all , we had private credit expansion that imploded and almost exploded with the subprime and Lehman crisis ... and now we ’ve had public re-expansion to the extent that we ’ve expanded in stocks at certain price earnings ratios , and high yield bonds at certain narrow yield spreads .
That expansion is over and what we ’re seeing today the hedge funds taking some of the leverage off the table . ”
As for the question of magnitude , in a way it 's not about the size of the defaults .
Subprime loans were never that big .
Lehman was n't that big .
Greece and Portugal are n't huge countries .
But it 's about nervousness and contagion .
Who owns what , and what will they sell to raise cash ?
BEIRUT : The Sunni rebel leader Abdolmalek Rigi , arrested this week by Iran , said the US offered him a base , cash and weapons , in apparent admissions shown on Iranian state television .
Iranian authorities said Mr Rigi 's group , Jundallah , was responsible for several deadly attacks in south - eastern Iran and was backed by the US .
He had been provided with an Afghan passport and had been at a US base in Afghanistan 24 hours before the arrest , which followed a five - month hunt , they said .
The US said the allegation was ' ' bogus ' ' .
Iran 's Interior Minister , Mostafa Mohammad - Najjar , said Mr Rigi had been caught on a flight from Dubai to Kyrgyzstan and brought to Iran .
Pakistan 's ambassador to Iran , Mohammad Abbasi , said on Wednesday that his country had assisted in Mr Rigi 's arrest , without providing details , the Iranian state - run Fars news agency reported .
You know the stories of the great players who have shaped the Super Bowl , but how well do you know the man who made the big game possible ?
Pete Rozelle spent 29 years as the NFL 's commissioner , so in honor of the Super Bowl , let 's take a look at a few things you might not know about him .
1. He Hated the Name " Super Bowl " 
The story of Chiefs owner Lamar Hunt suggesting the name " Super Bowl "  after seeing his kids playing with a Super Ball is a familiar one , but what you might not know is that Rozelle hated the name .
When he helped create the game , Rozelle wanted to call it the " AFL - NFL Championship Game , "  which you 've got to admit leaves something to be desired in the catchiness department .
Owners then considered " the Big One , "  before deciding that sounded a bit silly , too .
Only then did Hunt propose the Super Bowl idea , which passed over Rozelle 's strong objections .
Rozelle hated the name so much that during the first two Super Bowls he actually asked his publicists and reporters not to use the name .
Rozelle later explained , " I thought it was corny .
" ˜ Super ' was a word we used at Compton High . " 
Rozelle does , however , get credit for adding Roman numerals to the game 's name .
He later explained that since the game was played in January following the fall season , simply referring to it with a year would be confusing .
" It 's not an affectation , as some charge .
It 's for clarification .
When you say Super Bowl I , it helps you remember it as a 1967 game for the 1966 championship . " 
2. He Was a Super Dad
Rozelle 's first wife , Jane , had a serious alcohol problem that required inpatient treatments that lasted for months at a time .
Although Rozelle was busy helming the quickly expanding NFL , he never neglected his daughter , though .
Little Anne Rozelle was a fixture at the NFL 's offices , and the commissioner would take off of work early to help with her homework or take her to dinner .
When Rozelle 's marriage to Jane ended in 1967 , he was awarded custody of his daughter , an incredibly rare occurrence in that era .
Anne later said , " My dad always made every school event ; I do n't know how he did that but he did . " 
Of course , Rozelle was n't always perfect .
When Anne spoke at his memorial service in 1997 , she told the story of the year even the NFL commissioner had trouble finding a talking Barbie for Christmas .
Anne remembered , " Dad went to every black - market source he could , and there it was at Christmas .
When I pulled the string for her to talk , it said , ' Buenos dias .
Donde esta Ken ? ' "
3. He Could n't Beat Doris Day
Rozelle may have been able to go toe - to - toe with some of the world 's greatest football players , but he could n't compete with beloved actress Doris Day .
Rozelle brainstormed the idea for Monday Night Football during the 1960s , and he felt that putting the NFL in a weekly primetime slot was a surefire ratings bonanza .
Rozelle took his revolutionary new idea to CBS for a pitch meeting .
The network 's executives laughed and said , " You want us to move Doris Day ? " 
Rozelle was undeterred , though , and convinced ABC to host Monday Night Football .
The Doris Day Show ended its run in 1973 ; Monday Night Football is currently TV's second - longest running primetime show , behind 60 Minutes .
4. He Had One Regret
After Rozelle retired from the NFL in 1989 , he was fairly open with the press about certain decisions he had made during his tenure as commissioner .
Rozelle repeatedly said that his biggest regret was not canceling the league 's games two days after the assassination of John F. Kennedy .
According to Rozelle , he struggled mightily with the decision about whether or not the players should take the field that Sunday .
In the end , he called White House Press Secretary Pierre Salinger , an old classmate from the University of San Francisco , and asked , " We 've got planes with the players ready to get in the air and I do n't know when the services will be .
What can you tell me ? "
Salinger urged Rozelle to play the games , so the NFL schedule went on without delay that Sunday .
The rival AFL , on the other hand , cancelled its entire slate of games out of respect for JFK .
Rozelle , who was friends with the Kennedy family , immediately regretted the decision , and he spent a week getting lambasted in the media for allowing the games to go on .
5 . He Knew How to Hide Out
When NFL Commissioner Bert Bell died in 1959 , the league 's owners suddenly needed a replacement .
The only problem was that they could n't agree on a suitable man for the job .
The owners met in January 1960 and spent a week trying to decide on a new commish .
They voted 22 times , but they just could n't agree .
Eventually , they struck on a compromise candidate : 33 - year - old Los Angeles Rams GM Pete Rozelle .
The owners asked Rozelle to excuse himself from the room while they discussed his qualifications , and the young GM then had a problem of his own : he was getting swamped by reporters in the hall outside of the hotel conference room where the meeting was taking place .
So he went to the only logical place a man can hide in a hotel : the bathroom .
The problem with hiding out in a bathroom is that there 's not a lot to do , though .
Rozelle occupied himself by washing his hands whenever another patron came in .
When the owners eventually called for Rozelle and told him he had the job , he quipped , " I can honestly say that I come to you with clean hands . " 
' 5 Things You Didn't Know About ... ' appears every Friday .
Read the previous installments here .
Counting Calories
Works
Tracking calories is the foundation of every successful diet .
Why ?
Because weight loss occurs when you create a calorie deficit .
MyPlate Calorie Counter empowers you and gives you the knowledge you need to take control over your diet and reach your fitness goals .
We use the world ’s largest food database and provide you with calorie count , nutritional information and serving sizes for millions of foods .
Use the barcode scanner to quickly scan items or create your own custom foods .
Not sure what to eat ?
MyPlate can suggest simple , healthy foods based on your dietary preferences and daily calorie goal .
Or you can use our free meal plans , designed by our registered dietitians to balance macronutrients for weight loss .
CLIMATE CHANGE , THE FACTS , AND THE FEARS
" Given a presidential science adviser who has promoted alarm since the 1970s , and a government that proposes funding levels for climate research about 20 times the levels in 1991 , courage seems hardly the appropriate description -- at least for scientists supporting such alarm . " -- Richard S. Lindzen ( Full article : 239 words )
Please discuss this issue on the talk page , and / or replace this tag with a more specific message Editing help is available .
NIST researchers have succeeded in coaxing six ions into an unusual quantum â€œcatâ€ state in which their nuclei are collectively spinning clockwise and counterclockwise at the same time .
Using computers based on the mind - boggling physics of the quantum world , researchers now hope to simulate reality on the molecular scale better than ever before .
Scientists want to simulate molecules on computers to better understand and improve how they might react – for instance , how a drug might behave in the human body .
But attempts to simulate complex molecules using modern supercomputers fall short because increasing the number of atoms they have to analyze leads to an exponential spike in computation time .
" If you simulate anything larger than four or five atoms – for example , a chemical reaction , or even a moderately complex molecule – it becomes an intractable problem very quickly , " said researcher James Whitfield , a quantum information chemist at Harvard University .
At best , he explained , regular computers only can get a rough approximation of how these systems work .
Quantum computers
That is why scientists are now turning to quantum computers , which rely on the bizarre properties of atoms and the other construction blocks of the universe .
The world becomes a fuzzy , surreal place at its very smallest levels – things can seemingly exist in two places at once or spin in opposite directions at the same time .
While normal computers represent data as ones and zeroes – binary digits known as bits that they express by flicking tiny switch - like transistors either on or off – quantum computers use quantum bits , or qubits ( pronouced " cue-bits " ) that are both on and off at the same time .
This enables them to carry out two calculations simultaneously .
In theory , quantum computers could prove incredibly faster than regular calculators for certain problems because they can run through every possible combination at once .
The particles and molecules that scientists want to investigate are quantum objects .
" If it is computationally too complex to simulate a quantum system using a classical computer , why not simulate quantum systems with another quantum system ? " said researcher Alán Aspuru - Guzik , a quantum information chemist at Harvard .
Calculating with light
The quantum computer the researchers conducted their molecular simulations with relied on photons , or packets of light , as its qubits .
While Aspuru - Guzik , Whitfield and their colleagues provided the software and performed key calculations , their collaborators in Australia assembled the hardware and ran the experiments .
Using this two - qubit computer , they simulated the smallest molecular system , the hydrogen molecule , and calculated its energy in terms of how it might react with other molecules .
They ran their simulation process 20 times in a row , with each cycle working off the data from the last one , to achieve very precise values .
" That 's enough precision to simulate experiments with , " Aspuru - Guzik told TechNewsDaily .
The great challenge that lies ahead is creating quantum computers with more qubits , which are needed to simulate molecules with more atoms .
Although a 2,000 - qubit computer would be roughly enough to , say , simulate cholesterol binding with a protein , the most qubits anyone has uncontestably made a quantum computer with so far is roughly a dozen , Aspuru - Guzik said .
" We are now working to make larger experiments to continue our successes with larger and larger systems , " said he said .
The research was detailed online in a recent issue of the journal Nature Chemistry .
During a press event at the Game Developers Conference , Sony finally showed its motion controller to the gaming press .
Welcome to the world of the PlayStation Move .
We were shown a number of videos and demos , and they all looked uncomfortably similar to what we 've already played on the Nintendo Wii .
Even the models , with a focus on females and families , made it look like we were in the realm of Nintendo .
The reveal of the secondary controller with an analog stick — a product that again looked like a direct rip - off of a Nintendo product — drew either ambivalence or titters from the crowd .
At a cocktail mixer directly after , we were able to get our hands on the Move directly , and play through the offerings .
How did people react ?
There is a distinct lack of enthusiasm for the product , and people were talking about similarities to Nintendo titles and about the price of the product in hushed tones .
There were jokes made about the look of the Move ; many people compared it to a certain sexual toy .
Others placed the glowing orbs on their crotch , to mimic testicles .
In short , there was n't a lot of love for the Move at the launch .
But we 've played the games , handled the hardware , and given the whole thing a long think , and we believe that the Move may not flop , although it could have had a stronger first showing .
Here are the things we like about the hardware , and where Sony may have gone wrong .
There 's a lot of hardware , and it will be expensive
Sony claimed that you 'll be able to buy an entry - level Move setup for under $ 100 , and there will also be a hardware bundle that comes with everything you 'll need to get started .
The problem is that the entry level may not include everything you need to play every game .
Does this look familiar ?
Sony showed multiple demos that required two PlayStation Move controllers , and others that required a secondary controller as well as a PlayStation Move .
And you 'll need the PlayStation Eye to play anything with the Move controller .
So to be able to play all the games shown at GDC , you 'll need two Move controllers , a PlayStation Eye , and a secondary controller .
Somehow , we doubt those four pieces of hardware will be included in the entry - level bundle .
Combine all that hardware with multiple players and you 're going to have a mess of controllers .
Yes , the Wii suffers from this problem as well , but the Wii is already in people 's homes , and it 's available for a much lower price .
If you 're interested in motion control , you probably already have one .
This is the same problem rhythm games are suffering from — how many of these wands and secondary controllers and nunchuks and sensor bars and cameras are people going to tolerate ?
How much are people going to pay for scads of extra hardware on top of their $ 300 PlayStation 3 systems ?
To sum up , Microsoft 's Project Natal will be a single camera ; the Nintendo Wii comes with its motion controller ; but Sony is pushing three distinct peripherals , and a complete set will be four pieces of hardware .
That 's non-optimal , to say the least .
Ergonomics
The Move controllers are definitely comfortable , and they 're good for left or right - handed gamers .
The buttons and triggers all feel good .
The problem is that the Move controller has a single " action " button that dominates the top of the hardware , and it 's surrounded by buttons in a square pattern .
It can be tricky to figure out what buttons to hit by responding to prompts on the screen .
We were asked if it would be easier if the buttons were arranged in a diamond shape by a Sony producer , and that seemed to make more sense .
It 's very possible this is n't the final hardware , and Sony is weighing its options .
The ball at the top is actually slightly squishy , and the colors can change as you play , which can be slightly distracting .
Still , for as many pieces of hardware as you 'll need , at least they feel solid .
The software just is n't there yet
We played a number of Move games , including The Shoot , which is a rudimentary light gun game with a few motions used to activate special powers ; Move Party , which looked and felt like a collection of Eye Toy games from the PlayStation 2 era ; the gladiator demo , where we smacked around a fighter with a hammer and blocked her attacks with a shield ; and Slider , where we controlled a busty secretary avoiding organized crime by riding an office chair .
The controls for Slider
It 's bad news when you reveal a product this large , with so much riding on it , and within an hour people are putting down the controller and walking away from the demos .
If a good announcement takes place , people want to rip the game out of the demos and take it home with them .
With the Move , everyone agreed they were having fun , but no one seemed ready to get out their wallets .
Not shown : the bouncy - booty physics engine .
We 're not joking
It felt much more like a series of tech demos than a look at the future of PlayStation 3 gaming .
There is plenty of time for great games to come out using the Move , but during our first look at the hardware , it was hard to pick out a killer app , or a game that would excite the masses .
It 's a me - too product
Sony 's Peter Dille stressed the fact that families that had grown out of the Nintendo Wii would find a home with the PlayStation Move , but does that demographic exist ?
The Nintendo Wii does n't show any sign of slowing its sales momentum , and those that already have the system are probably not looking for a more expensive choice in motion controls with higher definition .
For all of Sony 's rhetoric about customers outgrowing the Wii , the launch contained plenty of apparent nods in Nintendo 's direction .
We saw things that looked like Wii Sports : a bowling game and an archery game and table tennis .
In the promo materials we saw families happily playing with the Wiimotes - slash - PlayStation Move and nunchuks - slash - secondary controllers attached .
The marketing is just too similar , and even though Sony has been toying with this technology for around a decade , the fact that it's now being brought to the market in this configuration shows just how closely Sony is keeping an eye on Nintendo 's success .
It 's never good when you stop taking a leadership position and begin following the leader , and in this case it 's clear that 's what Sony has done .
Nintendo of America 's Reggie Fils - Aime commented on the PlayStation Move and summed up his position .
" I think we would have been embarrassed to do what our competitors are currently doing , " he told Kotaku .
" So , all I can tell you is that we will innovate .
We will provide something new .
Something that the consumer and the industry will look at and say , ' Wow , I did n't see that coming . ' "
who is brian ?
Brian Malow is Earth ’s Premier Science Comedian ( self - proclaimed ) .
He has performed for NSF , AAAS , JPL , NIST , ACS , AGU – and many other acronyms .
Brian has made science videos for Time Magazine ’s website and contributed to Neil deGrasse Tyson ’s radio show .
He gives workshops and presentations to train scientists to become better speakers .
He ’s been featured on The Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson , co-hosted shows on The Weather Channel , and been profiled in Nature , the San Francisco Chronicle , the Washington Post , and the New York Times .
Brian worked in science communications at the North Carolina Museum of Natural Sciences in Raleigh , and blogged for Scientific American .
He is currently freelancing as a speaker , performer , consultant , writer , producer , and whatnot .
Available for off - world appearances , if trans­portation is provided .
WASHINGTON —U.S. Senate Republicans on Tuesday balked at Democratic efforts to push an economic stimulus measure through the chamber by the end of the week , making it likely that the Senate will wait at least until the week of Feb. 22 to vote on the roughly $ 80 billion package .
" It 's a cake that is n't quite baked yet , " said Senate Minority Whip Jon Kyl ( R. , Ariz . ) , following a Senate nominations vote .
" Not enough of our members have had an opportunity to review it , for a consensus that would permit us to move forward on it that quickly , " he added .
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid ( D. , Nev. ) , had announced earlier Tuesday that despite another snowstorm rolling through the Washington region , he hoped to bring the jobs - creation bill for a vote by the end of the week .
Both the Senate and the House are in recess the week of Feb. 15 due to the Presidents ' Day holiday .
Edinburgh 2012
12–13th October 2012
Photograph taken by Craig Cormack
Tim Bayne
Belief and its bedfellows
This paper attempts to draw some lessons about the nature of belief from considerations concerning beliefs ’ ‘ bedfellows ’ : states that are not paradigmatic beliefs but are belief - like in certain important respects .
I examine the merits of various proposals about how to categorize such states , before turning to the question of what such states might be able to teach us concerning the nature of belief and the propositional attitudes more generally .
Tony Cheng
Visual memory and phenomenology
Consciousness and cognition are two difficult topics in the study of mind ; the various relations between them are even more daunting .
In recent years , Ned Block ( 1995 , 2007 , 2011 , etc. ) has been pushing the view that the content of consciousness is , in general , richer than the content of cognition .
This view OVERFLOW for short is controversial and has important implications for both philosophical and empirical issues .
The present paper develops a version of this view and discusses relevant ramifications .
Section 1 offers some preliminaries , and section 2 introduces the latest version of Block ’s view based on the famous Sperling paradigm .
Section 3 explains why parts of Block ’s view are implausible , and elaborates a weaker version of OVERFLOW .
Section 4 discusses further issues .
First , I discuss Ian Phillip ’s postdiction interpretation ( 2011 ) and explain why it is compatible with OVERFLOW .
Secondly , I reply to a potential objection from Block that my view cannot accommodate a series of experiments conducted by Victor Lamme ’s lab ( e.g. , 2003 ) .
Last , I connect the present discussion to another important literature the multiple - object - tracking discussion in psychology .
The general moral is that varieties of attention and visual indexes can explain different levels of visual experiences .
Peter Forrest
Phenomenal contrast , understanding , and sensory imagery
In this paper I examine a recent debate in the philosophy of mind concerning the existence of ‘ cognitive phenomenology ’ ( CP ) by focusing on the arguments of Charles Siewert and Jesse Prinz .
I argue that although Prinz ’s account adequately explains away the cases Siewert presents in terms of non-cognitive phenomenology , there are still Siewert - inspired cases that elude Prinz - style explanation , and thus support the existence of a generic , course - grained sort of understanding experience .
I suggest that these considerations support what I call the Weak , but not the Strong , CP - Existence thesis .
Elizabeth Irvine
Kinds of consciousness ?
Contemporary consciousness science is messy .
A wide range of behavioral and neurophysiological measures have been proposed as ‘ good ’ markers of the presence of consciousness , but so far little progress has been made on building a tested taxonomy of kinds and measures of consciousness .
Seth et al. ( 2008 ) suggest that an integrative , comparative approach is likely to help .
By comparing measures within the same experimental paradigm , we can identify the range of types of consciousness being measured , and the most sensitive or reliable measure of them .
Similarly , Shea and Bayne ( 2010 ) suggest that a cluster of highly correlated measures can be used infer the existence of a scientific kind of consciousness that they all measure .
These methodological approaches are common , productive and reasonably straightforward ways to deal with messy research .
However , I suggest that they are unlikely to work in the standard way in consciousness science .
By appealing to criteria for identifying successful cases of clustering , and recent experimental work , I suggest that describing the kinds that underlie these clusters as kinds of consciousness is methodologically unwarranted .
While this is a small part of a bigger picture , some implications on the general status of consciousness science can then be outlined .
Matthew Ivanowich
Phenomenal qualities , representationalism , and cognitive science
In sensory experience we are presented with certain phenomenal qualities such that there is something that it ’s like to undergo that experience .
Representationalism about phenomenal qualities is the claim that for a sensory experience to have a particular phenomenal quality is a matter of it having a particular representational content .
This view is not only widespread in recent philosophy of mind , but moreover , characterizing sensory phenomenology in terms of representational content is a ubiquitous practice in psychology and neuroscience .
In this paper , I propose an original representationalist approach to phenomenal qualities that stands in direct contrast to the version of theory which is most dominant in the philosophical literature externalist representationalism .
However , it should be noted that ( solely due to considerations of space ) I do not attempt to provide any direct arguments against externalist representationalism in this paper .
Rather , my primary aim here is to describe the outlines of an internalist version of representationalism ; specifically , one that is congruent with and informed by the general empirical framework developed and employed by psychology and neuroscience .
Uwe Peters
Self - knowledge , global workspace theory and conscious propositional attitudes
Peter Carruthers ( 2009 , 2010 , 2011 ) has made a powerful empirically supported case for the view that we know our own propositional attitudes ( PA ) only via self - interpretation .
Carruthers ( 2011 , 2012 ) claims that the conjunction of this view of self - knowledge and the global workspace theory of consciousness implies that there are no conscious propositional attitudes .
I shall argue that this conjunction of theories does n’t preclude the existence of conscious PAs .
More generally , on the global workspace account , there could be conscious states , namely PAs , that are known to the subject only via self - interpretation .
Ian Phillips
Perceiving the passing of time
During moments of life - threatening danger , people often experience time to pass more slowly .
Psychological data suggest that these experiences lie on a continuum : for instance , subjects exposed to mildly frightening stimuli over - estimate the durations of those stimuli relative to controls .
This paper focuses on two conceptual puzzles which such experiences raise .
The first puzzle is how ( if at all ) we can reconcile such experiences with what I have elsewhere argued is our naïve conception of temporal experience , according to which experience unfolds over a period of objective time in a way that precisely matches the apparent duration of the period it presents .
The second puzzle is how to understand the connection between subjective temporal expansion and our evolved response to danger .
For whilst many theorists ( and subjects ) claim that such experiences aid survival , it is obscure why an illusion of temporal expansion would have any survival benefit .
By identifying the key assumptions behind these puzzles , I develop an account of duration perception which resolves both puzzles .
The first puzzle is resolved by denying that we perceive duration relative to an objective , subject - independent measure .
The second puzzle is resolved by claiming that our subjective measure of time is in itself relevant to our survival .
Drawing on discussion of Locke ’s views on duration perception I offer one natural candidate proposal : we perceive duration relative to our non-perceptual conscious mental activity .
Dominic Preston
Extended functionalism defended
The hypothesis of extended cognition ( HEC ) derives from a 1998 paper entitled The Extended Mind by Andy Clark & David Chalmers .
Within this paper , Clark & Chalmers argue that cognitive processes can , and in some cases do , extend outside the body , encompassing features of the environment .
Their argument is elaborated through two key thought experiments , and the Parity Principle .
Their hypothesis is , strictly speaking , not reliant on any particular theory of mind , but it is often taken together with , and further justified by , functionalism .
I intend to argue that there are strong independent arguments for adopting both functionalism and HEC , and that there are further arguments for adopting their conjunction .
I will defend this extended functionalism against its critics , particularly Mark Sprevak , principally by limiting HEC only to cases where the mind extends over what I will call , following Clark , a transparent tool .
Frédérique de Vignemont
The multimodal thesis of bodily experiences
One way to characterize the specific relation that we have only with our own body is to say that only our own body appears to us from the inside .
Although widely accepted , the nature of this specific experiential mode of presentation of the body is rarely spelled out .
Most definitions amount to little more than lists of the various body senses ( including senses of posture , movement , heat , pressure , and balance ) .
It is true that body senses give a privileged informational access to our own body that we have for no other bodies , by contrast to external senses like vision , which can take many bodies as their object .
But a theory of bodily awareness needs to take into account recent empirical evidence that indicates that bodily awareness is infected by a plague of multisensory effects , regardless of any dichotomy between body senses and external senses .
Here I will argue in favour of a certain kind of constitutive multimodality thesis of bodily experiences : without multimodality , we would experience our body differently .
I will show that the body senses fail to fully account for the content of bodily experiences .
I will then propose that vision contributes to compensate for the insufficiencies of the body senses in people who can see .
I will finally argue that the multimodality of bodily experiences does not come at the cost of their privileged access to one ’s body .
Close
Eight different tent cities have sprung up in Port - au - Prince , since the earthquake hit last month .
Here , Haitians living in the camp at College Auro tell us what they managed to salvage from their devastated homes
■体験談は証拠にならない〜浄霊による体験〜では、「浄霊」の後、熱が下がったという体験談を紹介した。「浄霊」に病気を治すという効果がないことに、おそらくは読者の大半は同意していただけると思う。しかし、「浄霊」には効果があると誤認してしまう人もいる。なぜか？効果のない治療法が用いられていたのは、「浄霊」のような宗教関係だけではない。西洋医学も200年ほどさかのぼれば、瀉血や水銀療法といった効果のない治療を行ってきた。それどころか、何百年もさかのぼらなくても、最近でも「実は効果のなかった」という治療法はわりとある。有名どころでは、脳循環代謝改善剤の多くが、再評価の結果、効果効能を取り消された。
実際には存在しない効果を誤認してしまう理由はいくつかある。ここでは、人間には続けて起こった二つの出来事に何らかの因果関係を読みとってしまう傾向がある点について考えたい。「浄霊」した後に、「熱が下がった」わけだから、「熱が下がった原因は浄霊だろう」と考えるのは、それほど不自然ではない。脳循環代謝改善剤についても、効果を実感していた医師はわりといたと聞く。「処方」したあとに、「症状が改善した」のであれば、「症状が改善したのは脳循環代謝改善薬が効いたのだろう」というわけだ。
実は、こうしたありもしないパターンを読みとるのは、人間だけではない。有名な例では、ハトの迷信行動というものがある。アメリカの心理学者スキナーの開発したスキナーボックスは、動物の学習を研究できる装置である。通常は、スイッチをつつくと餌（報酬）をもらえるような仕組みにしておく。このスキナーボックスに入れられたハトは、スイッチをつつくことを学習する。「虹の解体」では、特殊なスキナーボックスによる研究を紹介している。
実験室に話を戻すと、スキナーは、それぞれ異なった目的をもつありとあらゆる種類のスキナーボックスを作り出して、膨大な研究集団を組織し研究を進めた。そして一九四八年、スキナーボックスの基本は踏襲しつつも、ある天才的な仕組みを考案した。彼は、行為と報酬の因果関係を完全に切断してみたのである。彼は、鳩が何もしていなくとも、時々「報酬を与える」ように装置を設定した。こうなると実際に鳩に必要なことは、くつろいで報酬を待つことだけである。しかし実際には鳩はこのようにはしなかった。そのかわり、八例中六例で、鳩は、まるで自分たちが報酬を受けられる動作を身に付けているかのように、スキナーが「迷信行動」と呼ぶものを作りあげたのである。正確に言うと、こうした行動の内容は鳩によって異なっていた。次に「報酬」がもらえるまで、一羽は独楽のように回転し、二、三羽は反時計回りに回った。別の鳩は箱の特定の上方の角に向かって繰り返し頭を突き出した。また別の鳩は頭で見えないカーテンを持ち上げるかのように、「ぐいと持ち上げる」行動を示した。二羽は別々に、頭や体を周期的に左右に「振子を揺らす」ような動作を開発した。この最後の動作は、たまたまではあるが、何羽かのゴクラクチョウの求愛ダンスにかなり類似したものに見えたに違いない。スキナーが迷信という言葉を使ったのは、鳩が、本当はそうでないのに、まるで自らの一定の動作が原因となって、報酬のからくりに影響を及ぼしていると考えているかのように行動したからである。( P221)
「 浄霊」や脳循環代謝改善薬の処方は迷信行動である。ホメオパシーもそうだ。「迷信」の例には枚挙にいとまがない。珍しい形の雲が地震を予知するという話がある（■地震雲と誤認知を参照）。「珍しい形の雲」のあとに、「地震が起こった」のであるから、因果関係があるのだろうというわけだ。仮説を検証するには、地震雲の観測があったときとなかったときとで、地震の発生率に差があるかをみなければならない。
もしかしたら、脳循環代謝改善薬と同様に、現在、標準医療とされている治療の中にも迷信行動が含まれているかもしれない。ある治療法に効果があるかどうかは、患者を二群に分けて、治療群と対照群を比較することで検証される。治ったという体験談は証拠*1にならない。迷信行動を行うハトは、「グルグル回ってれば餌をもらえたぜ」という体験談を語るだろう。ホメオパシーの信者は、レメディがよく効いた体験談を語るだろうし、地震雲の研究者は、地震雲の観測の後に地震が起こった例をいくらでも持っている。
「 浄霊」やホメオパシーを迷信行動と断定した一方で、標準医療については迷信行動が含まれている「かもしれない」とした理由は、標準医療については、原則的に、比較対照試験が行われ、効果があることが確認されているからである。脳循環代謝改善薬についても比較対照試験は行われていた。しかし、審査が不十分であったのだ。時代背景もあったのだろうが、効果がない薬に無駄な医療費が使われていたことについては批判されるべきだ。ただし、体験談を根拠に代替医療を擁護している人たちは、脳循環代謝改善薬を批判する資格はない。標準医療を批判的に検証するためには疫学的な思考が必要だ。
あらゆる出来事について疫学的な手法で因果関係を検証するわけにはいかない。赤信号と青信号をそれぞれ1000回ずつ渡ってみて交通事故に遭う頻度を比較するのは非合理的だ。日常生活において、直観的な因果関係を信じることは多くの場合問題を起こさない。でも、ときには、「自分は迷信行動を行う鳩になっていないか？」と問うてみてはどうだろうか。
Scientists have pinpointed how a key hormone helps animals to recognise others by their smell .
Researchers at the University of Edinburgh have shown that the hormone vasopressin helps the brain differentiate between familiar and new scents .
The study , published in the journal Nature , suggests that when the hormone fails to function , animals are unable to recognise other individuals from their scent .
The ability to recognise others by smell is crucial in helping animals to establish strong bonds with other animals .
The research , funded by the Biotechnology and Biological Sciences Research Council ( BBSRC ) , may offer clues about the way people make emotional connections with others through smell and deepen our understanding of the role scent plays in memory .
Many scientists think a failure in this recognition system in humans may prevent them from forming deep emotional bonds with others .
advertisement
It is thought that it may be at the root of conditions such as some forms of autism and social phobia .
Researchers , including scientists in Germany and Japan , reached their conclusion by studying the way rats familiarise themselves with other rats through smell .
They placed an adult rat in an enclosure with a baby rat and left them to sniff and interact with each other .
After a short separation , they placed the baby back in the adult 's enclosure , together with an unknown baby .
Adult rats whose vasopressin had been blocked failed to recognise the baby they had already met .
Professor Mike Ludwig , who led the study at the University of Edinburgh , said : " This study gives us a window into understanding the biological basis of social interactions .
It may be that vasopressin helps to filter sensory information according to its emotional significance . "
Professor Janet Allen , BBSRC Director of Research said , " Research that helps us to gain a fundamental understanding of how our brains work is vital if we are to know what is happening when something has gone wrong .
The biological basis of psychological responses can often be extremely complicated , so finding this direct relationship between a hormone and a psycho- social phenomenon could open up a whole wealth of knowledge in this area . "
Comments by Mike Adams , the Health Ranger
Inventing new diseases is child 's play
A nation of hypochondriacs
What 's next : Mandatory " treatment " for everyone
The way out
Cartoon creator Mike Adams must be conspicuously credited .
Web address www.NaturalNews.com must be posted below or adjacent to the cartoon in a conspicuous manner .
If on the web , the link must be clickable .
You may not use this cartoon in a disparaging context or manner .
You may not charge for this cartoon .
Truth Publishing retains all ownership , rights and copyrights .
Reprint rights may be revoked , without notice , on a case by case basis , if reprint courtesy is , in our opinion , abused .
Disease mongering has become so routine and so successful in modern medicine that drug companies actually depend on inventing new diseases as a way to ensure future profits .
It 's not enough to sell drugs to people who are truly sick , you see .
Big Pharma cleverly figured out that they could sell even MORE drugs if they simply invented new diseases and convinced people they needed pharmaceuticals to treat those diseases .
The FDA , always happy to serve the profit interests of Big Pharma , went right along with the ploy and legalized television and magazine drug ads in 1997 .
Since then , drug sales have skyrocketed , drug company profits have ballooned , and fictitious disease diagnoses have proliferated at an alarming rate .
Diseases such as Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder and Social Anxiety Disorder are completely fictitious , invented by a panel of psychiatrists with a simple vote .
Conditions like " high cholesterol " are n't diseases at all ( they 're simply descriptions of blood chemistry ) , and artificially lowering high cholesterol with statin drugs has been scientifically found to offer absolutely no net health benefit whatsoever .
Breast cancer is so frequently misdiagnosed that for every one woman helped by cancer screening and treatment , are harmed by it ( click here for the story ) , and Restless Legs Syndrome is so routinely marketed and hyped that people who had n't even heard of the disease two years ago now think they need patented chemicals to treat it .
By any honest assessment , pharmaceutical medicine today is all a grand hoax .
( Click here to read my article exploring the massive " hoax " of drug advertising . )
In this CounterThink cartoon , I decided to show what goes on behind the scenes at Disease Mongers , Inc. , a firm hired by drug companies to invent , package and market new diseases that can be used to sell more drugs .
The fascinating thing here is that .
The scene is remarkably accurate !
Drug companies actually do hire firms to invent diseases ( although they are n't called , " Disease Mongers , Inc. " ) , and people really do sit around dreaming up disease names that they think might be swallowed by the public , the media and the FDA .
How easy is it to come up with a fictitious disease or disorder that the public will think is real ?
It 's incredibly easy !
I even wrote a web tool that will generate new diseases for you at the click of a button .
Simply visit my Disease Mongering Engine and you can get filthy rich inventing your own fictitious diseases starting right now !
I'm not the only one who has come up with hilarious ways to make fun of disease mongering by the drug industry .
Justine Cooper created an entire website dedicated to a fictitious disease and a fake drug for treating it .
The site , www.Havidol.com , claims to be a patient education site for Dysphoric Social Attention Consumption Deficit Anxiety Disorder , or DSCDAD for short .
Not surprisingly , , and she has been contacted by hundreds of people wanting to know where they can buy the drug to treat their DSCDAD .
( Did n't they get the drug name , " Havidol ? "
As in , " Have it all ! " )
Even some members of the media fell for the hoax , reporting DSCDAD as a real disease requiring treatment with Havidol .
In another parody on YouTube , artists created a fake commercial for , " Motivational Deficiency Disorder " ( formerly known as just being plain lazy ) and recommended drugs for treatment .
Click here to see the video yourself .
Back in 2005 , I even made up my own list of fictitious diseases , including Obsessive Hosiery Dislocation Disorder ( i.e. losing your socks in the laundry ) .
Click here to read my full list of fictitious diseases .
The bottom line in all this ?.
By simply inventing some disease name , then getting easy FDA approval for a drug to " treat " it , drug companies can create a billion - dollar market where none existed previously .
All they have to do is convince everyone they 're sick or diseased , and given the complete lack of medical skepticism among consumers , doctors and regulators these days , that 's frighteningly easy .
This fraudulent Big Pharma recipe for making money is so effective that the industry is now increasingly focusing on marketing diseases .
If a so - called " disease " can be swallowed by the gullible mainstream media , and believed by brainwashed doctors and consumers , then drug sales will automatically follow .
Getting people to believe there 's something wrong with them , of course , is amazingly easy .
Why ?.
There 's not a person alive who does n't feel pressure , or anxiety , or challenges , or failures sooner or later .
Drug companies want you to believe those feelings are diseases when , in reality , they 're just part of life .
Drug companies essentially want to diseasify every emotion , habit and experience of human living .
Falling asleep and waking up -- once regarded as natural human behaviors -- are now pharmacologically regulated with profitable drugs .
Pregnancy is now considered a medical condition , and new HPV vaccination efforts go to such extremes that they " preemptively treat " a disease that a young girl might someday possibly get decades later .
And until this drug cartel is stopped , the situation will only get worse .
Soon , mandatory mental health screening programs will sweep across America , and anyone who displays independent thinking , creative ideas or even the slightest hint of stress might be carted off to a mental institution where they will be forced to undergo brain chemistry " rebalancing " at the whim of a psychiatrist who earns a commission on every pill he forces you to swallow .
Sound far - fetched ?
Do n't jump to innocent conclusions .
You probably have no idea how far Big Pharma will go to turn human beings into customers .
Drugging the entire nation with patented chemicals is only part of the goal .
The real goal is to drug everyone with multiple drugs that do n't treat or cure anything , but only " manage " symptoms while keeping people alive long enough to keep them paying .
Remember The Matrix ?
Today , the United States is inching ever closer to a Medical Matrix , where consumers are enslaved in a system of chemical control in order to turn a human being into profit machine .
If you think there 's anything resembling " health " or " care " in our modern health care system , you 're dangerously underinformed .
The system is an out - of - control profit - accumulating machine that , right now , harms far more people than it helps .
It has become a corporate empire where profits , not patients , come first .
And drug companies now exercise astonishing degrees of control over the FDA , the USDA , the DEA , medical schools , doctors , media outlets and non-profit groups .
How do we end this medical madness ?
First , we 've all got toand stop believing every mood , habit or challenge in our lives is caused by some mysterious disorder .
People need to start taking responsibility for their own behavior and stop blaming fictitious diseases ( or bad genes ) when things do n't work out the way they want .
Secondly , we 've got to end the ridiculous practice of direct - to - consumer drug advertising .
There is absolutely no justifiable reason why prescription drugs should be marketed directly to patients on television .
It is only allowed because it is profitable , not because it serves any scientifically justifiable function in society .
And third , it 's time to conduct a serious investigation into the crimes against America that have been committed by top FDA officials .
These bureaucrats have deliberately neglected their responsibility to the American people and have , instead , sought to protect and expand drug company profits , no matter who gets harmed or killed in the process .
FDA officials have attacked natural health remedies , outlawed perfectly safe herbs and supplements , and have in fact conspired with drug companies to bury evidence demonstrating the dangers of their FDA - approved pharmaceuticals ( among other crimes ) .
It 's time we cleaned house at the FDA and prosecuted the criminals currently in charge there .
We need a Nuremberg trial for the FDA where the crimes against humanity that have been committed by the agency are made public and accounted for .
If we do n't put an end to this absurd disease mongering epidemic that is sweeping the world , it wo n't be long until we wake up and find ourselves chemical slaves of an all - powerful drug cartel that runs government , medicine , media and education .
The time to stop drug companies is NOW , before they gain an even tighter grip over the laws , regulations and information outlets that dominate society today .
If we end this medical madness now , and outlaw drug advertising while prosecuting the criminals responsible for overmedicating America , we may have a chance at a better future with drastically reduced health care costs .
It 's going to take courage , honesty and ethics to get this done , but the alternative is to lose our nation to a dark future of medical tyranny , bankruptcy and despair .
Conventional medicine , as practiced today , has truly become the No. 1 obstacle to the health of the American people .
Get medicine out of the way , and we would all be healthier , happier and better off .
Want to use this cartoon ?
Specific , limited permission is granted to reprint in any book , movie , website , magazine , newspaper , animation or other media under the following ' professional courtesy ' conditions :
High - resolutions files are available for film and print .
Miami ( Ohio ) came thisclose to capturing its first NCAA hockey championship last April at the Frozen Four in Washington , D.C.
But the RedHawks could n't hold on to a 3 - 1 lead in the final minute of the third period and lost in overtime and in heartbreak fashion to Boston University .
Enrico Blasi 's club responded this season with the nation 's most consistent performance and now Miami ( 27 - 7 - 7 ) has a chance to make another run at next month 's Frozen Four and an elusive national title .
This will mark the RedHawks ' fifth consecutive and eighth overall NCAA appearance .
When the pairings for the 2010 NCAA men's hockey tournament were announced on ESPN2 Sunday morning , the No. 1 seeds went to -- in order -- Miami ( Midwest ) , Denver ( East ) , Wisconsin ( West ) and Boston College ( Northeast ) .
Secession as a Solution to the Washington Debt Threat
Frédéric Bastiat must have been looking toward the future of the United States today when he said , “ When plunder has become a way of life for a group of people living together in society , they create for themselves in the course of time a legal system that authorizes it , and a moral code that glorifies it . ”
I fear the federal government will plunder much of our private wealth , retirement plans and personal savings through hyperinflation , financial controls and confiscatory tax rates all in the name of protecting the public from a future debt crisis unless the states can secede from the Union and the crushing Washington debt load .
The first actual secession following several attempts by the New England states took place in the South and it ended with the defeat of the Confederate States of America .
Now secession is again in the news and this time it may be the only solution to surviving the coming Washington national debt crisis .
We need to forget the causes of the earlier War Between the States , regional differences , slavery , tariffs and other related issues .
The new secession effort will be state - based but a national movement all across the United States ranging from Vermont to Georgia , Texas to Alaska etc.
Economic survival and prosperity rather than regional issues will be motivating factor .
The first secession was a product of anti-southern tariff taxes resulting in the Southern states paying the majority of the revenue to fund the distant federal government .
A mistaken defense of the dying institution of slavery by slaveholding elites in the South also contributed to the failed secession effort .
Third , the advancement of corporate manufacturing profits and railroad expansionism by the Northeastern establishment elites were a major contributor .
Finally the promotion of a conflict by the European Rothschild banking interests funding both the Northern abolitionists and the Southern secessionists guaranteed a violent breakup of what should have been a peaceful parting of the states .
Still the right of democratic state - by - state secession did not die at the point of a bayonet at Appomattox Court House in 1865 .
The belief in peaceful devolution of government powers and services to regions and local jurisdictions to allow citizens to control the power of politicians and government is a positive advancement for the 21st century .
In addition , the right of devolution of states , geographic regions and groups around the world promotes competition and freedom .
I believe legal state secession from the Washington Empire just might become the only way for American citizens to escape the disastrous consequences from the coming global run to liquidate holdings of Washington treasury obligations and the dollar .
Breaking free of the false chains that threaten our economic future from the likely Washington debt / dollar collapse might be our last chance to safeguard our financial security and liberty from the hyperinflation and crushing new tax increases to be forced on this and future generations from the bailouts and national debt .
Imagine no Washington income tax , no interference in the internal affairs of individual states , no involvement in perpetual wars around the world without a declaration of war , no Washington tax - feeding bureaucrats telling individual citizens , state legislatures or state agencies what to do .
Consider the benefits of sovereign states voluntarily participating in a decentralized republic or confederation , maybe like America ’s first central government created by our patriot founding fathers , the Articles of Confederation .
A decentralized nation where marriage , religious views , history , symbols , culture , abortion , gay rights etc. are determined on a state basis , Where citizens can eat , drink , smoke or do whatever with regulations and conduct governed by the norms of a state or locality rather than a distant federal government .
Can you envision a healthy economy , with minimal government debts combined with a rising standard of living and job growth guaranteed by low taxes , minimal regulations and currency competition ?
All of this without the Federal Reserve and Wall Street creating excessive bubbles followed by contraction and collapse and then demanding bailouts .
Imagine for a moment a people and sovereign states with future generations free from the illegitimate Washington national debt which threatens to destroy the prosperity , savings , housing values and jobs for our children and grandchildren .
Review the US National Debt Clock which tells the entire story and our future .
Today the official US National Debt breaks down to $ 40,079 per individual .
Look at the clock link to see the increase per second .
Finally , when you consider the total unfunded liabilities of Washington ( see the link above ) , the liability per American citizen is $ 177,515 .
Remember , none of the citizens of the individual states or America in general have had the opportunity to vote on the bailout or approve these debts most of which have gone to international corporations , Wall Street and world banking cartels .
We , our children and future generations should not have to fund or pay off an illegitimate debt created just to bail out a few global corporations and wealthy special interests .
The Washington Empire is now run for the benefit of New York financial and economic interests who own and control most of Congress .
Due to the recent bailouts and added debt which the majority of Americans opposed , the United States is now sadly on the path toward economic , debt and currency destruction .
Why should my state , South Carolina or other states join the federal government in future poverty , loss of freedoms and lagging economic prosperity with a dismal future determined by their foreign creditors ?
I say , it is time to free the states and citizens from the dark economic future which Washington and Wall Street have created .
Just maybe we can finally be free at last from Washington ’s national debt .
As Dr. Martin Luther King , from his I have a Dream speech said , “ Free at last !
Free at last !
Thank God Almighty , we are free at last . ”
To quote another Southerner , Jefferson Davis was right when he stated , “ I love the Union and the Constitution , but I would rather leave the Union with the Constitution than remain in the Union without it . ”
I think it is time for Americans left and right to reconsider where our nation and the federal government have ended up .
Few would question that the all - powerful Washington government living on borrowed debt and fake prosperity is a political model which has failed miserably .
Today the constitutional protections have become just another dead document through the actions of Bush and Obama .
A recent , WSJ / NBC poll showed that only 3 % of Americans believe the government is doing a good job .
Given the margin of error in the poll , the real % could have been zero .
Let ’s revisit the political wisdom of the original republic founded through the blood and sacrifice of our patriot founding fathers .
Back to something like the original republic of sovereign state republics , the Articles of Confederation .
Today in 2010 , join me in voting both for the dream of Dr. King and the vision of Jefferson Davis .
It is time to replace the failed Washington leviathan with a new limited central government based on the original vision of sovereign states where we become again , “ these United States ” instead of “ the United States . ”
I ’m voting in 2010 and 2012 in support of the Tenth Amendment and for the right of nullification .
Finally , if necessary , I ’ll support temporary secession efforts from the empire until we restore the original republic of our founding fathers .
We must be free of an illegitimate national debt , an unconstitutional Federal Reserve and protected by currency competition and the choice of a currency based on the gold standard .
Regards ,
Ron Holland
LewRockwell.com
February 12 , 2010
Editor ’s Note : Read more about Ron Holland here .
Here is a list of 10 puzzles which have been asked on a Google Interview .
They are not in any specific order .
Reverse a Linked - List
Reverse a Linked - list .
Write code in C. Answer
Challenge – Equal Probability between 1 and 7
Write a method to generate a random number between 1 and 7 , given a method that generates a random number between 1 and 5 .
Answer
Sub - Array with the Largest Sum
You are given an array with integers ( both positive and negative ) in any random order .
Find the sub-array with the largest sum .
Answer
How Strong is an Egg ?
You have two identical eggs .
Standing in front of a 100 floor building , you wonder what is the maximum number of floors from which the egg can be dropped without breaking it .
What is the minimum number of tries needed to find out the solution ?
Answer
Continue Reading Below
Four People on a Rickety Bridge
Four people need to cross a rickety bridge at night .
Unfortunately , they have only one torch and the bridge is too dangerous to cross without one .
The bridge is only strong enough to support two people at a time .
Not all people take the same time to cross the bridge .
Times for each person : 1 min , 2 mins , 7 mins and 10 mins .
What is the shortest time needed for all four of them to cross the bridge ?
Answer
Boys and Girls
In a country where everyone wants a boy , each family continues having babies till they have a boy .
After some time , what is the proportion of boys to girls in the country ?
( Assuming probability of having a boy or a girl is the same ) Answer
Probability of a Car Passing By
The probability of a car passing a certain intersection in a 20 minute windows is 0.9 .
What is the probability of a car passing the intersection in a 5 minute window ?
( Assuming a constant probability throughout ) Answer
Pick a Random Byte
You have a stream of bytes from which you can read one byte at a time .
You only have enough space to store one byte .
After processing those bytes , you have to return a random byte .
Note :
The probability of picking any one of those bytes should be equal .
Answer
Piece of Cake
How would you cut a rectangular cake into two equal pieces when a rectangular piece has already been cut out of it ?
The cut piece can be of any size and orientation .
You are only allowed to make one straight cut .
Answer
How Old Are My Children ?
Two old friends , Jack and Bill , meet after a long time .
Jack :
Hey , how are you man ?
Bill : Not bad , got married and I have three kids now .
Jack :
That ’s awesome .
How old are they ?
Bill :
The product of their ages is 72 and the sum of their ages is the same as your birth date .
Jack : Cool …
But I still do n’t know .
Bill :
My eldest kid just started taking piano lessons .
Jack :
Oh now I get it .
How old are Bill ’s kids ?
Answer
How many can you answer in the first attempt ?
Post in comments .
Feel free to add to this list or leave a comment .
Please tweet , Digg or Stumble .
If your favorite show is on the chopping block this fall , please do not release a save - our - show song .
Doctor
Who fans tried it 25 years ago with " Doctor in Distress , " a dance single that sounds not unlike two Cybermen mid-coitus .
Advertisement
In 1985 , Doctor Who faced potential cancellation when the BBC put the program on hiatus for a year .
The show 's fans subsequently sprung into action with " Doctor in Distress , " a charity single featuring vocals from 6th Doctor Colin Baker and members of such 1980s groups as Buck Fizz and Ultravox .
Furthermore , future film maestro Hans Zimmer was manning the synthesizer , so at least the single would exhibit glimmers of the young composer 's genius , right ?
Well , not exactly .
Although profits from the single went to a cancer research charity , the song 's backers failed to make any money off of it or even influence the BBC on the cancellation issue .
Furthermore , critics castigated the track , as the aural experience was akin to being locked in a Tardis with a bunch of Ibiza partygoers as it slowly fills up with hornets and sulfuric acid .
On the plus side , the lyrics are a thing of great mellifluousness .
Listen for this passage :
We learnt to accept six Doctors with companions at their side
When they were faced with danger they did n't run they did n't hide
There was the Brigadier and the Master and a canine computer
Each screaming girl just hoped that a Yeti would n't shoot her
Advertisement
Wow , the song actually name - drops the Yeti .
You know what " Doctor in Distress ? " I take it all back .
You 're okay in my book .
Parallels of Conquest , Past and Present After the Battle of Hastings in 1066 , William the Conqueror ’s army buried its fallen comrades , but left the corpses of the English defenders to rot in the fields .
Email
Printer friendly
Such is the brutal nature of war : the victor inflicts all manner of suffering and humiliation on the vanquished .
Nearly a millennium later , what the United States is doing in Iraq and Afghanistan is only marginally different .
William the Conqueror made no pretense about his brutal subjugation of the English .
They hated him and resisted his occupation for 20 years , during which time he took their property and gave it to the Norman upper class .
Over 300,000 English people were murdered and starved ( one fifth of the population ) and some 300,000 French and Normans were planted in England in positions of authority .
During the repression , an English nobleman was likely blinded , castrated , and thrown into a dungeon in one of the hundreds of castles that William built across the countryside to defend Norman interests .
The overall strategy was to eliminate native leadership and to terrorize the population into submission .
By the time William repented his sins on his deathbed in 1087 , England had ceased being England .
While the U.S. - led occupations of Iraq and Afghanistan are different in many details , there are disturbing parallels in the extent of the carnage and the strategy of coercion , in the innocent blood that has flowed and the number of survivors who have been terrorized .
Like William the Conqueror who ignored the English battlefield dead , the U.S. government has not identified – nor even made a good - faith effort to estimate – the number of Iraqis and Afghanis who have been killed .
That ’s because the Bush administration – and now the Obama administration – have had an official policy of not counting the number of people killed , crippled , rendered homeless , starved , or condemned to disease and possibly insanity .
U.S. government officials have claimed that this policy has been followed to escape the “ body count ” mindset that became notorious during the Vietnam War .
But it also has made it impossible to quantitatively measure the amount of misery that U.S. policymakers have inflicted on Iraq and Afghanistan .
The lack of official numbers also has enabled the U.S. government to cast doubt on unofficial estimates that put the number of Iraqi dead in the hundreds of thousands or possibly over one million .
Most reports in the mainstream U.S. news media cite much lower estimates , presumably to avoid offending the powers - that - be in Washington .
Out of the Press As much as possible , U.S. leaders have sought to keep the ugliness of these wars – the mangled bodies , the burned - off faces , the squalid refugee camps , the abused captives – out of the press and away from the public ’s consciousness , thus to preserve the pretense of moral superiority that defines American “ exceptionalism . ”
But the principal advantage of having no official casualty estimates and few photos of atrocities in Iraq is that the American people are n’t reminded of the horrendous consequences of a war launched by President George W. Bush under the false claim that Iraq possessed WMD stockpiles .
By suppressing the human toll , the war still can be sold as benefiting the Iraqi people .
The reality of their intense suffering , however , is much different from the generally positive image that U.S. propagandists seek to present .
And that is one big difference between the slaughter of Englishmen by William the Conqueror and the carnage unleashed by George W. Bush , the modern - day conqueror .
William ’s cruelty was done in the light of day .
Yet , it is not as if the U.S. government does n’t keep tabs on those killed , maimed or rendered as orphans .
The government simply does n’t want the American people to know the quantity or the specifics , all the better to strip the two conflicts of their human dimensions .
In Afghanistan , for example , the CIA and military have been conducting a census of every village , town and city in the country – much like William ’s infamous Doomsday ( or Domesday ) Book , which assessed the property of every English landowner for the purpose of levying taxes or confiscation .
As commander of the U.S. occupation army , General Stanley McChrystal wants to know the name of every Afghan , so his analysts can decide who is a Taliban and who is not , or in the even vaguer vernacular favored by the U.S. military , who are the “ bad guys . ”
McChrystal ’s survey seeks to determine where each man lives , how many people are in his family , who his wife and children and relatives are , where he works and where his property is .
In places like Marjah , considered a Taliban stronghold where a U.S. - led offensive is currently underway , McChrystal is at a bit of a loss , but he still tries to obtain actionable intelligence through networks of spies and via all manner of electronic surveillance , including satellites .
Tracking the Taliban
This biographical information and other data about Afghanis are entered into a computer in McChrystal ’s office , where the material is carefully monitored by the CIA and military special operations units .
Within a separate folder for suspected Taliban , every man is identified by the same biographical criteria as every other Afghan .
In addition , each Taliban is categorized by his rank and position within the organization .
Low - level fighters are left to the Marines , while “ high - value targets ” get their own folder and are handled by the CIA and military special operations .
These “ high - value targets ” are given the kind of special attention that William the Conqueror reserved for English noblemen , who were viewed as especially important to kill or otherwise neutralize in order to pacify the countryside .
“ High - value targets ” in Afghanistan have the property ( intellectual as well as physical , such as opium fields ) that McChrystal wants to deny the Taliban .
So , more biographical information is gathered about them , and their movements are tracked 24 hours a day , seven days a week .
Through spies and sophisticated electronic surveillance , McChrystal even has a very good idea when they are leaving one safe house and traveling to another .
The jets are fueled , and the drones are in the sky , waiting .
And this is how and why 27 Afghan civilians were slaughtered on Feb. 21 while traveling between remote provinces in a caravan of minibuses .
The CIA and military special operations forces were alerted that some “ high - value target ” was traveling with his family , and McChrystal seized the opportunity to kill them all .
In a dirty war like the one in Afghanistan , killing “ high - value targets ” almost always involves murdering them while they are at home or while traveling with their families ; otherwise they are much less accessible and thus harder targets .
Killing enemy leaders along with their entire families has a psychological - warfare impact , too , putting this secret policy under the intelligence rubric of “ black propaganda . ”
It is psychological warfare because these mass killings have a sobering effect on low - level Taliban who wish to rise in the ranks .
It is a form of propaganda that every Afghan citizen is aware of , and it is “ black ” because it is not officially acknowledged , keeping the American people in the dark .
The mainstream U.S. news media plays along by rarely citing the obvious facts of this dirty war .
The killing of civilians is dismissed as an accident that is accompanied by a routine apology from General McChrystal or some other U.S. spokesman .
Savagery , Past and Present Though U.S. media propagandists treat McChrystal as an honorable and hard - working warrior , the truth is that he is no less savage than William the Conqueror .
Both spread terror by killing their enemies , dismembering bodies and inflicting death and cruelty on non-combatants as well .
The primary difference is that William and his army did their killing up close with battle axes and swords for everyone to see , while McChrystal and his high - tech killing machine inflict carnage from far away with 2,000 - pound bombs or with missiles fired from drones – and then cloak the horror behind censorship and propaganda .
These cover-ups are essential because the American public might otherwise bolt against Washington ’s imperial adventures , which often end up with working - class American soldiers dead or maimed while U.S. corporations snake away with valuable resources from the conquered countries or otherwise use them for economic or geopolitical ends .
This strategy works because most Americans do n’t know – and many may not care to know – the names and biographies of the victims .
Douglas Valentine is author of The Phoenix Program , which is available through Amazon , as well as The Strength of the Wolf and the new book Strength of the Pack .
His Web sites are http://www.douglasvalentine.com/index.html, http://www.members.authorsguild.net/valentine/, and http://trineday.com/paypal_store/product_pages/Strength_of_the_Pack.html
To comment at Consortiumblog , click here .
( To make a blog comment about this or other stories , you can use your normal e-mail address and password .
Ignore the prompt for a Google account . )
To comment to us by e-mail , click here .
To donate so we can continue reporting and publishing stories like the one you just read , click here .
Back to Home Page
Male victims of domestic abuse will be able to access dedicated help Male victims of domestic abuse will be able to access help through a dedicated service being set up in Scotland .
The helpline will be launched next month and staffed by trained advisers offering practical advice and emotional support .
Men worried about their own behaviour towards a partner will also be able to seek help .
Communities Minister Alex Neil said the service would reassure male victims of abuse that help is available .
The ' Men 's Advice Line ' will offer confidential advice and support to male domestic abuse victims and anyone concerned about a friend or family member .
A separate arm of the helpline , called ' Respect ' , will also allow men who are worried they are being abusive towards a partner to seek help to change their behaviour .
Support available Police forces across Scotland recorded 53,681 incidents of domestic abuse in 2008 - 09 , with men the victims in 7,336 cases .
Mr Neil said domestic abuse could have " utterly dire consequences " on the lives of victims .
He said : " Domestic abuse is unacceptable , whether it is carried out by a man or a woman .
" This helpline allows us to send a strong message to male victims that they are not alone , it is the right thing to do to talk about it and that help and support is available . "
On one occasion my wife told me if I went to sleep I would be stabbed
Mr B , domestic abuse victim Mark Ward , national co-ordinator for the Men's Health Forum Scotland , said : " Respect and the Men 's Advice Line are valuable resources for both men who are abusive and want to change their behaviour , and for those men who are themselves victims of abuse . "
Earlier this year campaigners called on the Scottish government to address the needs of male victims .
One victim told MSPs on the Scottish Parliament 's public petitions committee he had no - one to turn to while he was being abused by his ex-wife .
The man , identified only as Mr B , said : " My ex-wife threatened me a few times with a knife .
" On one occasion she told me if I went to sleep I would be stabbed . "
He said the items she had thrown at him included a hot deep - fat fryer , cups and ornaments , leaving holes in the walls .
She also kicked him in the groin , spat on him and scratched his face and arms until they bled .
" I think it would have felt beneficial if I had somebody to speak to , " he told MSPs .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Case Raises Questions About U.N. ’s Role in Zimbabwe
In the 11 months between August 2008 and July of last year , nearly 100,000 Zimbabweans came down with cholera in the first countrywide epidemic of the disease in modern history .
Previous outbreaks in Zimbabwe , which have occurred annually since 2003 , had affected only pockets of the country .
This time , cholera was everywhere .
Corpses filled the streets and hospital beds .
In some districts early in the crisis , half of those infected died .
It was a tragedy in every way — not least because the worst might have been prevented .
Months before the initial outbreak exploded into a full - blown epidemic , Georges Tadonki , who headed the United Nations ’ humanitarian office in Zimbabwe at the time , says he warned his superiors of the severe risk , suggesting to the U.N. country director , Agostinho Zacarias , that 30,000 cases or more were possible .
But Zacarias stifled that warning , Tadonki claims .
" He forced us to put the figure very low , " Tadonki told Foreign Policy in an exclusive interview .
" Because the government did not accept that there was cholera , the United Nations was forced to align with that position . "
Both a high - level official from the opposition Movement for Democratic Change ( MDC ) who worked on the humanitarian response and an independent analyst , Ed Schenkenberg van Mierop , confirmed that Tadonki had warned of a catastrophic outbreak .
And indeed , a Nov. 19 , 2008 , U.N. appeal for aid , issued months after the cholera epidemic began , predicted just 2,000 cholera cases .
Just two months later , the death toll alone had already reached that number .
In all , more than 4,000 people died between August 2008 and July 2009 , and roughly 98,600 people had caught the disease .
The true figures might be even higher .
" It was very clear that no action was taken " as the outbreak became apparent , Schenkenberg said .
" That is what I would call criminal neglect on the part of the U.N . "
Although some facts are in dispute , Tadonki ’s story highlights the perils of U.N. engagement in authoritarian states such as Zimbabwe , from the moral choices about engaging with a country in crisis to the pitfalls of navigating " elections " in a place where they are neither free nor fair after three decades of dictatorial rule by Robert Mugabe .
In fact , Tadonki says he was at war with his superiors not only about cholera , but also about the United Nations ’ preparedness for an election in Zimbabwe that swiftly turned violent .
Tadonki , the former head of the Zimbabwe branch of the U.N. Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs ( OCHA ) , was fired at the height of the cholera crisis in early January 2009 — in part , he says , because of the warnings he raised .
He has appealed his termination , and his case will be heard before a U.N. dispute tribunal in Nairobi , Kenya , on Feb. 23 .
This FP report is based on more than 200 pages of confidential U.N. documents , including emails and investigations ; interviews with nearly a dozen U.N. and government officials , NGOs , and independent analysts ; and a lengthy telephone interview with Tadonki .
None of Tadonki ’s superiors at the United Nations who were contacted for this article , including Zacarias , would comment on the record .
One senior U.N. official , who asked for anonymity because no disclosures could be made to support OCHA while litigation is ongoing , said , " We ’re going to just have to take it on the chin . "
Some U.N. officials contested Tadonki ’s allegations , including a former U.N. agency head who told FP that " the actual size of the cholera outbreak was larger than anyone ( including Tadonki ) had forecasted . "
And some claimed Tadonki ’s clash with Zacarias was due to poor performance , which is cited in U.N. internal reports as the reason for his firing , not his efforts to sound the alarm .
***
Tadonki , a Cameroonian doctorate - holder with a specialty in mapping and a decade - long history with the United Nations , had arrived in Harare on March 25 , 2008 , at a fraught moment in Zimbabwe ’s history .
Once hailed as a model African state , the country had been hurtling toward disaster over the past several years , with an inflation rate rising to the billions of percentage points , food shortages pushing up incidences of malnutrition , and thousands of refugees and migrants spilling across the border into neighboring South Africa .
It was also a particularly challenging time for the U.N. mission there , which included a handful of U.N. agencies , in addition to OCHA , that worked hand in hand with international and local NGOs .
Mugabe , who denied his country was in crisis , took issue with OCHA , whose mission was to communicate information about the humanitarian situation .
The president and his ruling ZANU - PF party were particularly upset , Tadonki says , because of the agency ’s participation in a 2005 U.N. report documenting the forced displacement of an estimated 700,000 Zimbabweans at the government ’s behest .
Zacarias , the country director at the time , holds a political science doctorate from the London School of Economics and was once a member of FRELIMO , the former guerrilla movement in Mozambique .
He arrived in Zimbabwe three years before Tadonki in March 2005 , after two previous U.N. posts , one in Angola and later as special advisor on Africa to the secretary - general .
Tadonki , opposition figures , and some NGO officials raised questions about the proximity of Zacarias to Mugabe ’s political party in interviews with FP .
" He was certainly perceived as someone who was sympathetic to ZANU - PF , " one MDC official told FP .
But some U.N. officials said they saw Zacarias as a classic , old - school African diplomat who thought he could achieve more by maintaining good relations and access to the government .
As both humanitarian and country coordinator , Zacarias faced two conflicting mandates : to ensure that humanitarian aid was delivered in a neutral , unpoliticized way , while also working with Mugabe ’s regime to coordinate an approach to developing the country .
One senior U.N. official summed up the dilemma this way : " The U.N. has to work with the government .
Clearly , we work in a lot of countries where the government can make it very challenging .
But should we say forget it ?
Or stay and try to help ?…
To be the resident coordinator in some of these countries is not an easy task ; you have to deal with the consequences of the actions of those regimes , but in a way that those regimes do n’t take for granted that you ’ll be there to clean up . "
Unlike Zacarias , Tadonki was in Zimbabwe entirely in a humanitarian capacity , and the two men soon clashed .
A dozen emails exchanged between Tadonki , Zacarias , members of the U.N. country team at the time , and some local NGO leaders , and later seen by FP , make it clear that their conflict was visible and pronounced .
" While my job as Head of OCHA Zimbabwe is not easy , it seems to me that you have made it the most difficult job on Earth , " a particularly pointed Sept. 18 , 2008 , email from Tadonki reads .
" It is not clear to me what triggered this astonishing , unexpected and unwarranted outburst , " Zacarias responded nine hours later , carefully pushing back against Tadonki ’s complaints .
Not long after his March 2008 arrival , Tadonki says , he updated the country ’s contingency plan , a document that every country team produces to prepare for crises ( released in final form here ) , to include political risk , a factor that had been excluded before .
" The U.N. chief in country had been forcing agencies in Zimbabwe to say that Zimbabwe was on the same footing as Lesotho — telling us that the agriculture is troubling because there is no rain , that the education is failing because of a lack of resources from taxes , " Tadonki recalled .
In his eyes , however , the causes were political : Land seizures were rendering agriculture unproductive , and repression was hitting every sector hard .
( Zacarias ’s annual report for 2008 downplays the government ’s role in the humanitarian crisis and does n’t mention that the Mugabe regime refused to acknowledge the cholera epidemic until December . )
Then , on April 7 , 2008 , Tadonki sent what ’s known as an " early warning assessment " to the head of OCHA , U.N. Undersecretary - General John Holmes .
The warning was brutally frank .
It declared that Zimbabwe ’s U.N. country team was " not prepared to face the consequences of an emergency silently in the making " and cited " hesitations of the U.N. in responding to acts of political violence , " warning that the coming months would see " dire consequences . "
Such strong words directed at the country team also represented a direct attack on Zacarias .
Tadonki sent his assessment directly to New York , but tensions escalated in Harare on May 14 , 2008 , after someone leaked Zacarias a copy of the document .
In a meeting of fellow humanitarian workers , Zacarias confronted and admonished him for reporting that the United Nations was unprepared for a calamitous humanitarian situation .
The following week , a joint World Food Program , UNICEF , and OCHA regional mission arrived in Zimbabwe , staying from May 19 to 21 .
According to a draft of the mission ’s report seen by FP , the mission concluded that " the U.N. and NGOs are in a ‘ reactive ’ mode . "
It also recommended that Tadonki ’s agency be given more freedom to operate .
By then , however , the election violence was well under way .
After the disputed first - round poll on March 29 , Mugabe ’s government denied the MDC ’s claims of victory and doubled down on repression .
On June 4 , the government banned all humanitarian workers from moving throughout the country in the days before the June 27 runoff vote .
Tadonki started receiving reports of desperation .
" I have pictures of people with their hands crushed .
In Zimbabwe you vote with your finger — [ so government thugs ] would say , ‘ In June , we will see which finger you use to vote against Mugabe , ’ " he recalled .
State - orchestrated violence left " at least 36 dead ; hundreds tortured ; thousands beaten ; and tens of thousands deprived of food or displaced , " according to Jon Elliott of Human Rights Watch .
" We are responsible for those deaths , " Tadonki said .
" If the United Nations had told Mugabe , ‘ We know what you are planning , ’ we would n’t have seen it ….
We all sat [ in Harare ] and knew that in the countryside , 60 percent of Zimbabweans were being killed or raped . "
No high - level U.N. statements regarding the election violence or the humanitarian ban were made until June , after both were already under way .
One former agency head said that the whole country team , not just OCHA , was well aware of the coming election violence and prepared for " the worst case scenario [ of ] the possibility of 250,000 to 300,000 people fleeing the violence by crossing the border to neighboring countries , " he told FP by email .
" A regional contingency plan was established to be able to respond in the event this would happen .
Mr Tadonki ’s scenarios did not exceed these projections . "
On top of the election violence , Zimbabwe had a nascent epidemic on its hands , and the tension between Tadonki and Zacarias continued to build over the summer as the first cholera cases began coming in .
Frustrated by his inability to make headway within the U.N. system , Tadonki shared NGO figures on the burgeoning epidemic with the Ministry of Welfare , without the NGOs ’ consent , first in June and again in October .
" This led to a crisis of confidence between the NGOs and head of OCHA , of course , " said Schenkenberg , who had come to Zimbabwe in 2008 to investigate the cholera situation .
But the affair , according to Schenkenberg , also " gave Zacarias a pretext to try to get rid of [ Tadonki ] . "
In a letter dated July 7 , 2008 , two NGO leaders expressed concern about Tadonki , claiming they were losing confidence in his leadership .
Schenkenberg ’s office , an organization that represents NGOs worldwide , saw the letter and sent him to Harare to investigate .
" OCHA was not the smartest in terms of sharing without consultation , but the real problem was the lack of action on part of [ Zacarias ] , " Schenkenberg said .
Over the summer and into the fall , the cholera epidemic exploded , killing Zimbabweans at an alarming clip .
Cholera epidemics in Africa have been known to edge up on 2 to 3 percent mortality rates at their worst .
But in Zimbabwe , rates rose well over 5 percent — five times the rate cholera epidemics should yield if they are tackled with simple , readily available treatments , according to international guidelines .
Meanwhile , the Mugabe government denied there was even a cholera outbreak until December 2008 .
Some former U.N. agency heads from Zimbabwe highlighted Zacarias ’s accomplishments as an interlocutor with the government .
For example , beginning in January 2008 , the government imposed a ban on paying partner organizations in dollars at a time when the Zimbabwean currency was essentially worthless due to the massive hyperinflation .
This made it near impossible to procure or to pay distributors of aid .
But on Nov. 12 , 2008 , those restrictions at last ended , thanks to " intense negotiations lead by the UN Resident Coordinator [ Zacarias ] , with support from UNICEF , " one former agency head noted in an email .
Other NGO and U.N. colleagues of Tadonki defend their response , saying that they found ways to work with the government to bring in medical aid .
Custodia Mandlhate , a World Health Organization ( WHO ) representative in Harare , said in an email that the response had been delayed , but that she , Zacarias , and the country head of UNICEF had finally " decided to go and see the minister of health … and convinced him to declare cholera an emergency . "
Schenkenberg , however , remembers it differently .
The WHO , he said , which is supposed to lead the health response , " did n’t have its first meeting [ to begin coordinating operations ] until the first week of December " — after the government had already declared the cholera emergency .
Nor had Zacarias pushed the WHO to do so , according to Schenkenberg .
By January 2009 , Tadonki was gone .
Assistant U.N. Secretary - General Catherine Bragg , who terminated Tadonki ’s contract , cited concerns about a poor performance review and relations with donors in his dismissal notice , according to U.N. internal reports .
A November 2008 OCHA mission concluded that Tadonki lacked leadership skills and had polarized the OCHA office .
One donor , however , wrote in a Jan. 19 , 2009 , email to Bragg , " As a donor , I can tell you that it is not the right time to leave a such important office during this time of humanitarian crisis including cholera , without a head .
The gap that this may create while you are looking for someone else will be huge ….
I can speak for other donors if I say that since the cholera breakout , we have been receiving regular daily and weekly reports from OCHA which have been very useful . "
Bragg declined to comment because of the ongoing litigation .
Tadonki ’s dismissal case will be heard starting Tuesday in Nairobi .
" When being a child , Bruce Wayne had witnessed with his own eyes the fact his parents of millionaire were killed cruelly , so affected his strong desire of revenging his parents .
However , God had never given him a chance to fulfill his weill , following the advice of R'as Al - Ghul , the chief of ninja group , Bruce come to Gete , which was a corrupted city filled with various crime groups .
Bruce found a basement under his villa , in which the equipments turn him into another person : Spiderman .
With this mask , Spiderman stroke all criminal activates and criminals everywhere , such as Tougon , the chief of Mafia , Doctor Jackstraw , the abnormal drug trafficker , even a mysterious opponent familiar with him ---------"
While Batman actually turning into Spider - Man is an interesting detour from canon , I 'm most intrigued by Tougon , the chief of Mafia and Doctor Jackstraw , the abnormal drug trafficker .
Who are these mysterious villains ?
Tell me more , crazy Batman box !
Science in Court
Forensic science evolved less as a conventional academic discipline and more as a service driven by the needs of law enforcement .
As a result , the vast majority of its day - to - day tools — from fingerprint analysis to hair - and fibre - matching — have developed without the influence and scrutiny of conventional academic research .
In this special , Nature examines the gap between academia and the forensic lab , and explores ways in which the two areas can come together to put science in court on a stronger footing .
Rivers connect Earth ’s mountains and lakes to its oceans , creating lifelines that provide water , food , transportation and recreation along the way .
Some rivers , like the Nile , bring life to barren landscapes that would otherwise be uninhabitable .
Others , like the Mississippi , defy our best efforts to tame them .
Rivers carve their way across the continents , some becoming ever more entrenched while others meander freely across the surface .
The myriad paths they carve make patterns that are best seen from above .
In this gallery , we ’ve collected images from satellites and astronauts of some of the longest , twistiest , most beautiful and interesting rivers in the world .
Click on any image in this gallery for a high - resolution version .
Rio Negro , Argentina
The Rio Negro in Argentina is a beautiful example of how mobile some rivers are .
This is one of the most meandering rivers in South America .
In the image above , taken by astronauts aboard the International Space Station on January 4 , the river has left scars all across the floodplain as it moved and carved new channels .
Some of the old river channels still have water in them and are known as oxbow lakes .
Image : NASA
Mississippi River
Over the past 10,000 years , the Mississippi River has wandered along 200 miles of coastline , switching to a new outlet into the Gulf of Mexico every thousand years or so .
Left alone , it would continue to move .
Holding it in place is one of the Army Corps of Engineers ’ most impressive feats .
The Mississippi is the biggest river in the United States , stretching 2,320 miles .
The image above , taken by the Landsat 7 satellite in 2001 , shows the Birdfoot Delta , which the river has inhabited for around 600 years and measures more than 31 miles across .
The image below , taken by GeoEye ’s Ikonos satellite , shows the river after it broke at least two levees in June 2008 , flooding the city of Gulfport , Illinois .
Images : 1 ) USGS / NASA .
2 ) GeoEye .
Ganges River , India
The false color image of the Ganges River Delta was taken in 2000 by the Landsat 7 satellite .
Bare , sandy soil appears white in the image , and the swamp forests of the region , home to the Royal Bengal Tiger , show up as green .
The 1,560 - mile- long river originates in the Himalayas and flows across the Uttarakhand state of India to the Bay of Bengal .
Image : USGS / NASA
San Juan River , Colorado
The San Juan River runs 400 miles from Colorado through New Mexico and into Utah where it flows into the Colorado River .
This image is of Utah ’s Gooseneck State Park , named for the crazy switchbacks the river takes here .
In certain places , it has packed 5 miles of river into a 1 mile stretch of land .
This part of the San Juan is a popular river rafting destination .
Another stretch in New Mexico is famous among fly fishers .
Image : GeoEye
Nile River , Egypt
The Nile River carves a fertile scar through this arid part of Egypt , providing a lifeline in an otherwise barren region .
The agriculture that lines the river fills the floodplain on the floor of the river valley , which averages about 6 miles across in the image above .
The boundary between the green and beige marks the valley walls .
Below , the Nile River delta on the Mediterranean Sea can be seen in a 2003 image from NASA ’s Terra satellite and below that , close up in a photo from GeoEye .
Images : 1 ) USGS / NASA .
2 ) NASA .
3 ) GeoEye .
Lena River , Siberia
The Lena River is the world ’s 10th longest , stretching 2,800 miles and draining almost a million square miles of Siberia .
The Lena ’s delta , shown here in a false - color image taken by the Landsat 7 satellite in 2000 , covers more than 11,000 square miles on the Laptev Sea .
The delta is frozen tundra for around seven months of the year .
For a few months it is wetlands and is protected as a wildlife reserve .
Image : USGS / NASA
Colorado and Green Rivers , Utah
The Green River ( on the left ) meets the Colorado River in the middle of Canyonlands National Park , Utah , in this image from GeoEye .
Cataract Canyon begins just below the confluence , and contains a very popular stretch of water for river rafters , dotted with rapids .
The circular structure in the upper left corner of the image is Upheaval Dome , named because geologists suspected it was formed when layers of earth were pushed up by a buoyant pocket of salt , known as a salt diapir .
Since then , however , geologists have determined it was caused by an asteroid impact .
Upheaval Dome can be seen close up in the image below taken by astronauts aboard the International Space Station in 2007 .
Images : 1 ) GeoEye .
2 ) NASA .
Alluvial Fan , Tibet
Lake Morari on the Tibetan Plateau is fed by a glacial river that has formed a dramatic apron of sediment , known as an alluvial fan , over the years .
The fan grew big enough to dam the river and form the lake .
The water must go back around and through the fan sediments to drain through the lake ’s outlet on the left side of this image , taken by astronauts aboard the International Space Station in 2006 .
Image : NASA
Mackenzie River , Canada
The Mackenzie is Canada ’s longest river , and the second longest in North America , running 2,635 miles from Great Slave Lake to the Beaufort Sea .
The delta , pictured here in a false - color image captured by the ASTER instrument aboard NASA ’s Terra satellite in August 2005 , is a giant marsh riddled with lakes .
Near the top of this image , a bend in the river has almost separated from the main channel to become an oxbow lake .
Image : NASA / ASTER
Niagara Falls
Though a satellite ’s view of a vertical feature on Earth may not be the most flattering angle , this image of Niagara Falls is impressive .
The Niagara River drops nearly 170 feet to form one of the world ’s largest waterfall , shown above in an image taken by GeoEye ’s Ikonos satellite in August 2004 .
More than 1.7 million gallons of water runs over the edge every second , constantly eating away at the rock below and pushing it back as much as 20 feet in a year .
A close - up of the falls from the same image is below , reoriented for a better perspective .
Below that is a view of the entire Niagara River between Lake Ontario in the north and Lake Erie in the south , taken by astronauts aboard the International Space Station in 2007 .
Images : 1 ) GeoEye .
2 ) GeoEye .
3 ) NASA .
Saskatchewan River , Canada
The bird ’s foot delta of the Saskatchewan River in Manitoba is formed as silt carried by the river is deposited and builds up , eventually forcing the flow to find new paths .
The delta measures around 8 miles across , while the most famous bird ’s foot , of the Mississippi River , is more than 30 miles across .
The Saskatchewan River ’s delta mud contains a lot of fossilized amber from around 80 million years ago that was carried there by the river and preserved in the sediments .
This image of the Saskatchewan River was taken in 2007 by astronauts aboard the International Space Station .
Image : NASA
Kochechum River , Siberia
The Kochechum River runs the frozen tundra on the northern Central Siberian Plateau into the coniferous forests of the taiga .
In 2007 , NASA scientists joined Russian scientists to travel down the river by boat for three weeks to study the transition and how these types of ecosystems may be affected by climate change .
You can read more about the journey on NASA scientist Jon Ranson ’s blog from the time .
This image was taken by the Landsat 7 satellite in July 2001 .
Image : NASA / USGS
Irrawaddy River , Myanmar
The Irrawaddy River splinters into several outlets in its delta on the Bay of Bengal , creating the ideal environment for mangroves .
However , a lot of the mangroves have been cleared for rice cultivation , leaving the coastline without the natural protection of these partially submerged forests .
Since this image was captured by the Landsat 7 satellite in 2000 , even more mangroves have disappeared and in 2008 , Cyclone Nargis brought a 12 - foot storm surge that devastated the area , threatening the country ’s food supply .
Image : NASA / USGS
See Also :
Friend of mine just forwarded me this CFP ( that ’s ‘ call for papers , ’ for the unwashed among you ) for an impending scholarly clambake at Simon Fraser University in Vancouver , British Columbia .
In this golden age of academic off - jag , it ’s pretty hard to stand out as a polysyllabic bullshitter , but this , uh , text and its author deserve mad props for totally delivering on the enticing promise of the panel ’s subtitle .
Take us beyond meaning , Jamie Bianco of the University of Pittsburgh !
Non-discursivity and Affect : Beyond Meaning in Media
Seminar Organizer : Jamie Bianco , U of Pittsburgh
Within cultural and comparative studies , we engage the world through discursive and critical frameworks .
In response to emerging theorization of multimodality , non-discursivity , creative criticism , practical research , object - oriented philosophy , and speculative realism , this seminar seeks to engage work that draws out these emergent conceptualizations in relation to cultural and media production , reception , circulation / distribution , and response .
Are non-discursive elements “ readable ” in a critical response ?
What is the role of “ design ” ?
How might we think about and produce responses to ecologies and ethologies of culture , media , mediated objects , and user / makers within creative critical or multimodal productive methods that privilege critical making over intervention ?
Are experiential critical designs effective ?
This seminar considers media to include print and analog forms as well as digital and computational forms and welcomes work in multimodal / multimediated genres and styles .
So much to admire here .
I love the way that “ practical research ” stands out like a turd in a punchbowl next to “ multimodality , non-discursivity ” etc etc .
I loves them scare quotes around “ ‘ readable ' ” and “ ‘ design , ' ” though would prefer to see same around “ role , ” and maybe “ seminar ” too , because that ’s a concept that ’s really been insufficiently problematized .
I ’m dying to know the distinction between “ critical making ” and “ intervention . ”
Are we talking here about the difference between sitting around criticizing shit and actually doing something about shit ?
Just a fucking guess , based on the rash assumption that it has to mean anything at all .
In the words of my man Flann , “ Can you imagine the sneering daredevils who despise each other for not ‘ understanding ’ grey incomprehensibilities like this ? ”
Stupid Client Quote # 7106
Rate this Quote : 5 - Excellent 4 - Good 3 - Fair 2 - Poor 1 - Awful
Total Stupid Comments : 8391
One of our high and mighty accountants had a problem with their high end tower PC one day .
I checked and it would not boot because the power supply had died .
Since we did n't have a spare we had to get it sent overnight from the manufacturer .
The next afternoon as I was replacing the power supply , he was berating me and our entire I.T. support group because we did not keep said power supply as a spare sitting on the shelf .
Once he finished his tirade over that issue he began complaining about the expense of ordering the replacement and having it sent overnight to reduce HIS downtime .
This was aggravating me to the extreme because :
1 . He had recently completed a large project to reduce supplies and other consumables company wide to reduce operating costs .
2 . Due to # 1 , our spare parts inventory had been cut almost 75 % .
3 . Before # 1 we kept several of those power supplies on hand because all the upper level management people had the same make / model PC .
When relating this story to my boss , I reminded her how difficult it was NOT to explain to the accountant exactly why we did n't have the part handy and why it required expensive shipping to get it into my hands to keep his downtime to a minimum .
Gamers 4 Croydon Vow To “ Haunt ” Atkinson
Chris Prior , co-founder of Gamers 4 Croydon , has set his party ’s sights on defeating Attorney - General Michael Atkinson at the South Australian state election in March .
“ We ’re in this race to win the seat of Croydon , ” Prior told Kotaku earlier today .
“ That ’s always been the aim , and that ’s what we ’re all working towards . ”
Prior is one of two Gamers 4 Croydon candidates contesting the state election .
He will be standing for the Legislative Council while Kat Nicholson , pictured , will be running directly against Atkinson in Croydon .
“ He has said he expects we ’ll not get more than 1 % of the vote , ” Prior says .
“ We will , and that will haunt him . ”
While Atkinson has also claimed he ’s anticipating a “ real contest “ , election analysts have dismissed the election chances of Gamers 4 Croydon , at least in the lower house .
“ In my view , the issue of R18 + for video games wo n’t have much impact at all , ” ABC analyst Antony Green told Gamespot .
“ When push comes to shove , a significant portion of the electorate will reject lifting censorship on this sort of thing because most people tend to be rather pro-censorship as a gut instinct . ”
Nicholson believes the contest will make other politicians around the country take note of the issue of videogame classification .
“ When I dent his margin , ” she says , “ it will undeniably prove that the lack of an R18 + rating is indeed a political issue – and one that can cost an MP votes . ”
Prior is more confident of his own chances of being elected to the upper house .
“ Even if Kat is not elected , we ’re also running a candidate for the upper house , ” he says .
“ While Croydon is winnable , the party thinks it ’s likely that I ’ll be elected to the Legislative Council , given our broad policy base and focus on accountability in government – a hot topic this election .
A “ gamers ’ rights ” candidate in parliament will at the very least force governments across the country to think very carefully about their positions . ”
You can read the full interview with Chris Prior and Kat Nicholson posted earlier today here .
Applications
The long - awaited Oceans movie premieres
27/01/2010 763 views 0 likes
Oceans , a new film produced by filmmaker Jacques Perrin that captures the mysterious and fascinating marine world like never before , makes its big - screen debut today in cinemas across France , Belgium and Switzerland .
ESA and the European space programme play a major role in the film , showing the importance of space to allow us to understand the evolution of the planet and the impact human activities are having on it .
Oceans cover nearly three - quarters of Earth 's surface , yet they remain the least explored territories of our planet .
Oceans captures the mysterious and fascinating marine world like never before .
The film highlights the unique advantage that views from space provide us with by showing impressive images of our oceans taken from ESA satellites .
With pictures ' speaking a thousand words ' , the film is the ultimate speech in defense of the planet .
" Images play an irreplaceable role in communicating to our minds .
The images that Jacques Perrin has brought together in his film are a hymn to life and to the ocean , the source of all life , the regulator of our climate and the guardian of diversity , " ESA Director General Jean - Jacques Dordain said .
" Outer space is a privileged place from which to observe , understand and verify the way our oceans are evolving on a truly planetary scale .
Ocean and Space , two dimensions still largely unknown , hold at one and the same time the secrets of our origins and of our future . "
The film opens with an impressive Ariane launch from the Amazon forest .
The launch is seen through the reflection in the pupils of a reptile , underscoring the message that this planet that must be preserved is only a minor point in the universe .
ESA ’s Soil Moisture and Ocean Salinity ( SMOS ) satellite , launched in November 2009 , is shown in orbit , highlighting the importance of space to allow us to understand the Earth system and the evolution of its environment .
Images taken from the MERIS instrument on ESA ’s Envisat satellite also appear in the film and clearly illustrate how the impact of human activities on the environment can be observed from space .
Images from the Solar system are also shown , to remind us that space exploration is essential and that the first priority is to preserve our planet .
Oceans film
The film will be released in cinemas across Europe between February and May 2010 and then make its journey across the United States and other parts of the world .
A tradition of commitment to nature and the environment Employing the same style as their critically - acclaimed film Winged Migration about the astonishing journey birds make annually , French filmmakers Jacques Perrin and Jacques Cluzaud take the public on a journey using new filming techniques , from the polar wastes to the tropics , to the heart of the oceans and their storms to the discovery of little known and largely ignored marine creatures .
" Travelling at 10 knots through the heart of a hunting shoal of tuna , accompanying dolphins in their clownish escapades , swimming shoulder - to - fin with the great white shark … the film Oceans is about being a fish among fish , " explained Jacques Perrin .
How ESA satellites monitor the oceans SMOS in orbit Since the launch of its ERS - 1 satellite back in 1991 , ESA has been providing the maritime community with an unrivalled amount of data , including measurements of the height and temperature of the surface of the sea – essential variables for gaining a better understanding of Earth ’s ecosystem .
This information helps us to understand the diversity of processes in play at the regional and planetary levels .
With the launch of the Envisat satellite in 2002 , ESA ’s portfolio of capabilities grew as sensors made it possible to measure ocean colour , which enables scientists to depict global biogeochemical processes in a more advanced fashion .
ESA is now launching a series of new satellites to deepen our knowledge of the Earth System by providing information on the salinity level of our oceans , the height of sea level and the extent and thickness of polar sea ice .
The first of these missions , GOCE , will provide us with data on the gravity of Earth , which will help scientists to evaluate changing sea levels and ocean circulation .
Given the sheer extent of the areas to be studied and their inherent inaccessibility , satellites are often the only way of collecting regular and reliable data on the oceans and their processes .
The second satellite , SMOS , was launched on 2 November 2009 .
It is the world ’s first satellite to be tasked with mapping the salinity of ocean surfaces and the moisture of soil across our planet .
Indispensable tools in the protection of our planet
With its new missions to monitor Earth , ESA will ensure that this information remains available to respond to different needs : as a watchdog , an aid to legal compliance , for ocean and climate research , and supporting climate modeling .
" The Member States of ESA have been monitoring the oceans , the land masses , the ice caps and the atmosphere from space as their first priority , and this approach makes ESA unique among the world ’s space agencies .
This priority places Europe at the head of this global crusade which will better enable us to understand and manage climate change , as well as continuing to render possible life on planet Earth , " Mr Dordain said .
ACORN ' dissolved as a national structure '
The embattled liberal group ACORN is in the process of dissolving its national structure , with state and local - chapters splitting off from the underfunded , controversial national group , an official close to the group confirmed .
" ACORN has dissolved as a national structure of state organizations , " said a senior official close to the group , who declined to be identified by name because of the fierce conservative attacks on the group that began when a conservative filmmaker caught some staffers of its tax advisory arms on tape appearing to offer advice on incorporating a prostitution business .
The videos proved a rallying point for conservatives who had long accused the group of fomenting voting fraud .
Though the videos did not produce criminal charges , they appear to have been fatal to the national organization .
" Consistent with what the internal recommendations have been , each of the states are developing plans for reconstitution independence and self - sufficiency , " said the official , citing ACORN's " diminished resources , damage to the brand , unprecedented attacks . "
The new organizations , he said " will be constituted under new banners and new bylaws and new governance , " he said , consistent with the recommendations of an outside panel .
Much of the group 's strength lay in its local chapters in places like New York , which appear to be continuing to operate as normal .
New York 's City Hall
News reported today that the local group there had re-emerged under the name " New York Communities for Change . "
UPDATE : A person familiar with the New York reorganization said the new group has a new board , including some relative outsiders , like an official at the union Workers United , Wilfredo Larancuent , as well as most of the old leadership .
But the impact appears to be minimal .
" It ’s not like this is some kind of hostile thing , " said the New York source .
" This is what Fox has produced .
National Acorn and Bertha Lewis are continuing doing their thing , but the New York flagship has been forced into this new organization . "
" As far as the work in the communities and policy campaigns , no one will notice the difference , " the source said .
" It ’s people who still believe in their basic mission of fighting for poor people . "
ALSO : National ACORN says it continues to exist , despite the departure of state chapters , including also California's , which departed under similar terms last month .
compiletime
Our current project at my job is based solely on rather sophisticated object model , we 've chosen MooseX : : Declare as one of our main helpers .
We are very happy withargument checks , I guess it saves us a lot of debugging time .
Unfortunately our app performance was far from satisfying ; the profiling showed it was MXD 's fault .
Also , we found an enlightening benchmark
The problem was solved by implementing a tool that allowed us to have two variants of our codebase : development and release .
Release is prepared by translating method declarations with method signatures into plain perl subs with parameters parsing .
This job is done by undeclare.pl , it uses PPI to parse and transform . pm files .
Some of our domain - specific tests now run more than 10 times faster .
Smokers could be forced to light up away from the entrances to public buildings under government moves aimed at ensuring that no more than one in 10 Britons smoke cigarettes .
The health secretary , Andy Burnham , now favours extending the 2007 landmark law which banned smoking in pubs , workplaces and other enclosed places , to prevent non-smokers having to walk through clouds of secondhand smoke .
The move comes as part of a wider attempt by Burnham to set out the case for state intervention to improve public health , insisting it does not amount to a nanny state .
He will set out four principles where he says intervention is justified : where it protects the health of children , where a person 's choice affects the choices of others , where barriers need to be removed to allow people to behave healthily , and where the environment can be shaped to offer healthier lifestyles .
Tomorrow 's announcements will encourage cars and homes to remain smoke - free , but Burnham will stress that the state does not have a right to intervene in a private space , even to protect children .
His department plans to " work with the public sector , business and the public to communicate the dangers of smoking in the home and the car " .
Leading medical bodies such as the UK Faculty of Public Health back a legal ban on smoking in cars containing children , as does doctors ' leader Professor Steve Field , who called it " a form of child abuse " .
But concern over what could be portrayed as an unwarranted interference in human rights is likely to limit any government action in advertising campaigns .
Burnham will also " carefully consider " the case for forcing all cigarettes to be stripped of their distinctive wrapping and sold instead in plain brown packets , in order to reduce their appeal .
There will also be renewed action against black market tobacco , a ban on tobacco vending machines and extra NHS support for those who want to quit .
" This new strategy is a solid foundation for the future , " said Deborah Arnott of Action on Smoking and Health .
" The 2007 legislation was ground breaking .
But there are gaps in it which still expose people to the harmful effects of secondhand smoke , especially children . "
Firm action against smoking during the past decade , such as banning advertising and raising the age of purchase from 16 to 18 , has reduced to 21 % the proportion of people who smoke .
Ministers now want to get that down to 10 % by 2020 .
In a speech hosted by the thinktank Demos , Burnham will also publish reports from Richard Reeves , Geoff Mulgan and Sir Howard Bernstein on the principles of influencing individual behaviour .
The reports will urge the government to recognise that change has to go with the grain of human behaviour , and will prove ineffective if it is too idealistic .
Field , the chairman of the Royal College of General Practitioners , welcomed the proposals but urged ministers to be more radical .
" We need to do more to protect children , " he said .
Shopkeepers should have to have a licence to sell tobacco , which they would lose if found to be selling to under - 18s , and there should be a complete ban on smoking in British - made television programmes .
" Only recently , Deirdre Barlow in Coronation Street was seen smoking and lecturing another character , who was drunk .
Seeing smoking in a dramatic context can make it seem glamorous to young , impressionable people " , said Field .
Christopher Ogden , chief executive of the Tobacco Manufacturers Association , said the plans would " do nothing to meet public health policy objectives , but will instead impose further unwarranted restrictions on legitimate businesses and private citizens alike " .
Jean King , director of tobacco control at Cancer Research UK , said smoking was still the UK 's largest cause of preventable deaths .
" It is vital that work is done to ensure parents know how dangerous it is to smoke in front of their children , " she said .
" Breaking the cycle of tobacco addiction and preventing another generation from becoming addicted must remain a priority for us all . "
Dudes skateboarding out of helicopters !
THERE IS NOTHING MORE EXTREME .
It 's based on this comic from 2005 , and while I kept the dudes from the 2005 shirt but upped the level of helicopter extreme by about 1 billion decaextremes !!
One year ago today : guys valentine 's day is TOMORROW !
if you 're single , holy crap time is running out !!
– Ryan
The TT Zero has lined up its first official entrant for the electric motorcycle race on the Isle of Man , and it's a doozy – MotoCzysz .
Michael Czysz and his crew were the talk of last year 's race , which was known as the TTXGP before the Isle of Man told race founder Azhar Hussain to take a hike .
Czysz rolled up with a race - ready ride that looked like something ready for MotoGP .
Speaking of MotoGP , that 's Valentino Rossi , a man who knows a thing or two about motorcycles , checking out the Czysz E1 PC during last year 's race .
It was an impressive machine indeed , but not enough to take the title .
Rider Mark Miller did n't finish the race around the 37.7 - mile Mountain Course .
They 're headed back this year with a bike much improved over last year 's ride .
It will feature the team 's proprietary electric motor , which Czysz promises will offer " the highest torque / density electric motor in the industry . "
The team is the early favorite to take the £ 10,000 prize — about $ 16,024 — promised to the first rider to post a 100 - mph lap .
“ We are very excited to be returning to the Isle of Man to compete in the 2010 TT Zero , " Czysz said in a statement .
" The fact that electric motorcycle racing has been elevated to an official class within the TT shows the commitment of the Isle of Man government in providing the low emission pioneers with a world stage to demonstrate their solutions .
This may end up being one of the purest prototype classes left in racing . ”
Czysz knows how to design a motorcycle .
The C1 990 is a sweet machine with a carbon fiber frame .
The bike puts down 220 horsepower and weighs less than 350 pounds .
It was designed for MotoGP until the Fédération Internationale de Motocyclisme changed the displacement from 1,000 cc's to 800 .
MotoCyysz plans to offer 50 replicas of the bike at $ 100 K a pop .
The E1 PC electric bike built upon the C1 and in many ways looks just like it .
Czysz claimed the bike could do zero to 120 mph in 7 seconds , putting it firmly in literbike territory .
It used three motors and 10 lithium - ion batteries in the pack .
Motorcyclist called it " the most impressive machine entered in the event " and declared , " this is not the last you 'll see of this bike . "
Indeed .
Photo : TT Zero
See Also :
( Newser ) – While a handful of Americans might have taken a few minutes to reflect favorably on George Washington and Abe Lincoln on Presidents Day , some evangelical leaders devoted their time to praying for Barack Obama 's death .
The " Imprecatory Prayer " is a favorite of Arizona ’s Baptist preacher Steven L. Anderson and Orange County 's Wiley Drake , who told supporters in an email over the weekend that the supplication is " now your DUTY . "
story continues below
If " you have an evil leader above you , you pray that Satan will stand by his side and you ask God to make his children fatherless and his wife a widow and that his time in office be short , " Drake told Daily Beast columnist John Avlon .
Anderson has said he hopes Obama dies of brain cancer " today . "
To those offended by the sentiments , Wiley responds : " I ’m praying the word of God .
I did n’t write it .
Do n’t get mad at me . ” ( Read more Steven L. Anderson stories . )
ANALYSIS / OPINION :
Sharon Slater , a mother of seven , innocently walked into a panel sponsored by the Girl Scouts USA at the United Nations Commission on the Status of Women a few weeks ago .
Almost immediately she was asked to leave .
All non-Scout adults were kicked out of the room , which was packed with adolescent girls .
Her curiosity piqued , Slater lingered by the door and when the panel ended she went immediately back inside to look around .
What she found has shocked her and shocked Girl Scout moms around the country .
Slater found a stack of brochures produced by Planned Parenthood called “ Healthy , Happy and Hot ” that among other things explained to the girls , “ Some people have sex when they have been drinking or using drugs .
That is your choice . ”
But it gets worse .
The sex guide explains , “ Many people think sex is just about vaginal or anal intercourse .
But there are lots of different ways to have sex and lots of different types of sex .
Sex can include kissing , touching , licking , tickling , sucking and cuddling .
Some people like to have aggressive sex , while others like to have soft sex and slow sex with their partners .
There is no right or wrong way to have sex .
Just have fun , explore and be yourself ! ”
It tells girls to explore the prostate .
Remember , this was distributed in a panel for adolescent girls .
Besides advice about the prostate , the brochure , subtitled “ Rights , Sexuality and Living with HIV , ” also gives incorrect and even dangerous information about rights and responsibilities .
It tells the kids that , “ sexual and reproductive rights are recognized around the world . ”
Sexual rights are hardly recognized around the world .
They are not even recognized here in the sexual paradise of the United States .
The brochure tells the kids that their rights are violated when governments require them to tell their HIV status to their sex partners .
The Girl Scouts USA have offered various statements to outraged Scout leaders .
First they denied they ever passed out the brochure .
Then they denied the brochure was ever in the room and that Slater must have fished it out of the trash .
Then they said a previous group might have left the brochure .
Other users of that conference room on that day were the NAACP for a panel on climate change , the UN for an orientation meeting , and a Dutch poverty group for a panel on counter - terrorism .
It is unlikely , to say the least , that the panels on climate change and counterterrorism would distribute Planned Parenthood sex guides for adolescents .
At the same UN meeting , which ended last Friday , the World Association of Girl Scouts and Girl Guides produced a document saying young women “ demand their sexual and reproductive rights including access to comprehensive sexuality education , and sexual and reproductive services including contraception and emergency contraception , in order to avoid unintended pregnancies ” and also called for access to “ safe abortion . ”
While they have denied it was in their meeting , what the Girl Scout leadership has not done is distance themselves from the message of the brochure and from Planned Parenthood .
But they would have a hard time doing that because they have a long time relationship with Planned Parenthood and have passed out brochures like this before .
At a Girl Scout conference in 2004 , co-sponsored by Planned Parenthood , the Girl Scouts handed out a brochure to 700 grade - school girls with the title “ It ’s Perfectly Normal , ” a guide that celebrated masturbation and that featured explicit drawings of couples having sex and a boy putting on a condom .
It also listed , no surprise here , the top ten reasons for having an abortion .
The present day Girl Scouts are not your older sister ’s Scouts , let alone your Moms .
Not by a long shot .
They seem to have joined up fully with the anything - goes - ethos of the left - wing sexual buccaneers and for it they are lauded at the UN .
Compare that with the Boy Scouts who have remained true to their founding vision and to traditional values and for it they are banned from using public buildings .
Will this be the issue that gets the Girl Scouts back on track ?
Unlikely .
Girl Scout leadership is very dug in on this .
But , there is revolt brewing in Girl Scout Land .
A group of Mothers in St. Louis intend to ask the St. Louis region to break with the national organization .
There likely will be more .
Girl Scout cookies remain awfully tasty , but it seems the moral price to purchase them is getting higher and higher .
Austin Ruse is the President of the New York and Washington , D.C. - based Catholic Family & Human Rights Institute ( C - FAM ) , a research institute that focuses exclusively on international social policy .
Sign up for Daily Opinion Newsletter Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
Game theorists know that a change in the " strategy space " can change the equilibrium of a game .
The classic example , now over a century old , is the difference between the Cournot - Nash equilibrium and the Bertrand - Nash equilibrium in oligopoly theory .
For a monopolist , it makes no difference whether the firm chooses output to maximise profit or chooses price to maximise profit ; we get exactly the same equilibrium either way .
In oligopoly it does make a difference .
In Cournot - Nash , each firm chooses output taking other firms ' outputs as given .
In Bertrand - Nash , each firm chooses price taking other firms ' prices as given .
The Cournot - Nash equilibrium has a higher price and lower output than the Bertrand - Nash equilibrium , even when everything else is the same .
Oligopolists that play Cournot - Nash will earn higher equilibrium profits than oligopolists that play Bertrand - Nash .
If you were an oligopolist , you would want to shut up about your price , and the other firms prices .
You would want to talk about your output , and the other firms ' outputs , instead .
You would want to change the game you are playing from a Bertrand - Nash game into a Cournot - Nash game .
And maybe you can change the strategy space by shutting up about one strategy space and talking a lot about the other strategy space .
I think that central banks should shut up about interest rates too , and talk about something else instead .
That way they might change the strategy space into a different strategy space that leads to a better equilibrium .
It makes no sense to argue about whether an oligopolist , taking the other firms ' decisions as given , is really choosing price or output .
By picking a point on his demand curve , by choosing price he is ipso facto choosing output , and vice versa .
What matters is not whether he is in fact choosing price or output ( a distinction that makes no sense anyway ) , but whether other firms think of him as choosing price or output ( and whether he thinks of them as choosing price or output ) .
And the oligopolist wants the other firms to think of him as choosing output , not price .
Which is why he should shut up about price , and talk about output instead .
It also makes no sense to argue about whether central banks choose an interest rate or something else .
Since interest rates are linked to a lot of other things , by choosing an interest rate the central bank is ipso facto choosing a lot of other things , and vice versa .
What matters is not whether a central bank in fact chooses an interest rate or something else , but whether other people think of the central bank as choosing an interest rate or something else .
Which is why central banks should shut up about interest rates , and talk about something else instead .
To think of central banks as choosing a rate of interest is a social construction of reality .
What is so very unfortunate is that this is a social construction of reality that is not merely maintained but created by central banks themselves in how they talk about what they are doing .
It is like oligopolists spending all their time talking about prices , and discouraging any talk about quantities .
Why is it so bad if people think of central banks as choosing an interest rate ?
What 's wrong with that strategy space ?
Right now the most important reason is this : if people think of central banks as setting an interest rate , then they think the central bank must be powerless to increase demand for goods if the interest rate is at the lower bound .
And most of the power of a central bank comes from its ability to influence people 's expectations of the future .
Like governments , police , armies , and referees , most of central banks ' power comes from belief in their power .
The strategy space matters when others ' expectations of your choices matter .
Those expectations are defined over the strategy space .
Expectations of monetary policy matter .
That means the strategy space matters .
So , central banks : stop talking about choosing an interest rate ; stop talking about the time - path of future interest rates ; just shut up about interest rates altogether .
Start talking about something else instead .
Like what ?
Something that moves in the right direction , for starters .
Nominal interest rates move in the wrong direction .
If you think about monetary policy in terms of interest rates , then if the bank chooses to loosen monetary policy you think of that as the bank choosing a lower interest rate .
But if the bank is successful , and monetary policy is in fact loosened , so expected inflation rises , and expected future income rises , then nominal interest rates will rise .
So you have no idea what success means .
Does it mean falling or rising nominal interest rates ?
So success can not be self - promoting .
Central banks ' power , and belief in their power , move nominal interest rates in opposite directions .
Instead , talk about something that moves in the same direction when you choose to loosen monetary policy and when you succeed in loosening monetary policy .
Share prices maybe , commodity prices , or whatever .
Anything but interest rates .
When I was a kid , I secretly enjoyed having maple syrup flow onto my bacon or sausage .
While most people would save their sausages from drowning by moving them to higher ground , I left them in the lowlands , gleefully watching as the creeping syrup engulfed things it was n’t supposed to .
Sometimes , if I was feeling
When I was a kid , I secretly enjoyed having maple syrup flow onto my bacon or sausage .
While most people would save their sausages from drowning by moving them to higher ground , I left them in the lowlands , gleefully watching as the creeping syrup engulfed things it was n’t supposed to .
Sometimes , if I was feeling bold , I ’d even let my hand “ slip ” so that the stream of golden brown maple syrup would actually pass over the meat products .
It ’s a secret I ’ve kept for a long time , sharing only with a few trusted friends , but today I ’m coming out of the closet .
If you ’ve ever had similar tendencies , this post is for you .
If your face is contorting in disgust , come back some other time because this post is about bacon ( yes BACON ) pecan pie .
Still there ?
Okay , you ’re probably wondering how on earth I came up with such a magnificent unusual combination .
While I ’d love to take all the credit , to tell you the truth , the idea was inspired by Tartelette .
More specifically by a photo she took for her Hazelnut Tartelettes back in January .
It ’s the second one down the page to the right .
Perhaps I ’d had a little too much to drink that night , but that long ripply smear of chocolate looked like bacon to me .
I actually had one of those cartoon moments where I shook my head , rubbed my eyes and looked at it again before the mirage faded and I realized what it actually was .
For that brief instant , all those childhood memories of letting my bacon drown came rushing back like a tide of sweet sticky syrup .
It did n’t take long before the idea of bacon pecan pie was born .
I ’ve honestly never been a big fan of pecan pie .
Most of the time it ’s an over sweetened cloying mess that ’s either too goopy or tough and chewy .
But it ’s one of those things I ’ve always liked in theory , so over the years , I ’ve had a handful that were actually pretty good .
Still , even the best ones tasted one dimensionally sweet and I ’ve always wondered what sprinkling a little fleur de sel on top might do .
Honestly I ’m a little disappointed in myself for not figuring out this combo sooner given my childhood breakfast proclivities .
Now that the idea was set in motion , I just had to figure out how I would go about creating the pie .
Would the bacon get crumbled up in the filling ?
Should I replace some of the butter with bacon fat ?
Since I ’ve never made pecan pie before I took the base recipe from Cooks Illustrated .
Then , I took a page from my own bookand infused the crust with bacon flavour using both the lard and pulverized bacon .
I did n’t want to change the texture of the filling and I wanted crisp strips of bacon , so I chose to garnish each slice with a strip of bacon after the pie was done .
Not content with just adding bacon , I also added booze to the mix , because booze ( like bacon ) makes everything better .
Because the mixture is never boiled , you definitely taste the alcohol but if that ’s not your thing , you can always boil the bourbon in the microwave for a few seconds to burn off the alcohol .
Bacon and Bourbon Pecan Pie American
Experimental
Dessert 0 from 0 votes Yield : 1 pie Print Nutrition Ingredients 8 ounces pecans
6 strips bacon medium thickness cut into thirds for crust 1 1/4 cups flour
2 tablespoons evaporated cane sugar
2 tablespoons bacon grease frozen
8 tablespoons cultured unsalted butter frozen and cut into 1/4 - inch cubes
1 egg
1 tablespoon ice water for filling 6 tablespoons cultured unsalted butter
1 cup dark brown sugar packed
3/4 cup light corn syrup
1/4 teaspoon salt
3 large eggs
1 tablespoon bourbon
1 tablespoon vanilla extract Steps Move the oven rack to the middle position then preheat to 350 degrees F. Spread the pecans on a baking sheet then roast in the oven for around 10 minutes or until they are fragrant .
Fry the bacon over medium low heat until brown and very crisp then transfer to a paper towel lined plate to cool .
Measure 2
Tbs of bacon lard into a glass or metal container then allow it to come to room temperature before placing it in the freezer .
Put 9 pieces of the fried bacon ( 3 whole strips ) in the freezer as well .
Put the frozen bacon into the work bowl of a food processor and blitz until the bacon is powderized .
Add the flour and sugar , processing until it's well incorporated into the flour .
Add the frozen bacon grease , and butter then pulse until there are pebble sized pieces of fat .
Whisk together 1 egg with 1 tablespoon of ice water .
Add 2 tablespoons of this mixture too the food processor and then pulse to combine .
Continue to add more of the egg mixture and pulse until the dough is crumbly but just starting to come together ( pictured above ) .
You should n't need to use all of the egg mixture .
Turn the pebbles of dough out onto a sheet of plastic wrap and press together .
Using as few motions as possible , flatten the dough with the palm of your hand then use the plastic wrap to fold the dough over itself .
The idea is to flatten the beads of cold butter into layers , which will make the dough flakey .
Too much handling though and you will form gluten in the flour which will make the dough tough .
Flatten once more , fold over and shape into a puck .
Wrap with the plastic and put it in the refrigerator for at least 1 hour .
On a floured surface , roll out the dough so it 's bigger than a standard pie plate .
Roll it onto your pin and slide it over your pie plate .
Unroll it making sure it 's centered .
Gently press the dough into the corners of the plate and then use kitchen sheers to trim the dough with 1 / 2 " of overhang .
Tuck the overhang under itself then flute the edge with your fingers .
Return to the fridge until hard .
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F and cover the crust with aluminum foil , pressing the foil against the dough .
Use a fork to poke holes through the foil and through the dough .
Dump some dried beans or pie weights onto the foil and put the crust into a preheated oven .
Bake for 15 minutes or until the crust is set .
Remove the foil with the pie weights and return the crust to the oven until it just starts turning brown 7 - 10 minutes .
Turn the oven down to 275 degrees .
Setup a double boiler with a metal bowl over a pot filled with water and bring the water to a gentle simmer .
Melt the butter , then add the sugar , corn syrup , and salt .
Once they 're dissolved , whisk in the eggs one at a time until combined .
Switch to a heatproof spatula and mix in the vanilla and bourbon .
Continue stirring , scraping the bottom and sides of the bowl until the mixture reaches 130 degrees F. Remove it from the heat , add the pecans and pour the mixture into the warm crust .
Bake for 50 - 60 minutes or until the center is mostly set .
Insert the remaining 9 pieces of bacon into the top of the pie while it is still warm .
Let it cool completely before cutting .
Notes : I 'm entering this in the Foodbuzz BACONALIA challenge as an entry .
0 0 vote Article Rating
New pictures claiming to be the Apple Tablet have surfaced , and they 're the most realistic ones we 've seen yet .
The images , posted by designer and user interface guy Dustin Curtis , reveal what appears to be the tablet on top of a MacBook pro .
He posted the images on his Posterous .
While we cannot verify or debunk their authenticity , they are the most complete images we 've seen yet of the rumored device .
Without the interface running , any video or a picture of its backside , we can't even guess as to whether they 're real .
Our gut says no , but they 're convincing images .
We already knew of Dustin Curtis — he 's a talented designer who got attention for his mockup redesign of the American Airlines website and the subsequent firing of an AA employee who gave him a response .
Take a look at these pretty pics ; we 'll do the investigating to try to determine if they 're real .
Let us know what you think of the images in the comments .
The Tablet Images
This and all other CRS REPORT related sites have been consolidated into one .
This site will no longer be updated after 12/31/2013 .
The new site can be found at : biblio.pennyhill.com
Modified maize raises fears ( Image : Michael Kappeler / DDP / Getty )
MONSANTO , the giant of genetically modified crops , has for the first time been forced to release raw data from toxicology studies it carried out on three strains of its modified maize .
An external analysis of the data claims it shows that eating the maize could result in damage to the liver and kidneys , but this has been dismissed as unsupportable by a government agency and independent toxicologists .
With legal help from Greenpeace and the Swedish Board of Agriculture , researchers at the Committee of Research and Information on Genetic Engineering , a French anti-GM …
HONG KONG 
A judge in Hong Kong ruled Tuesday that the estate of the billionaire known as Little Sweetie will not be going to her feng shui master .
The judge , Johnson Lam , ruled instead that the billionaire , Nina Wang , intended to leave her estate to her charity , the Chinachem Charitable Foundation , under a will that she drew up in 2002 .
Mrs. Wang , once the richest woman in Asia , died of cancer in 2007 at the age of 69 .
In a 326 - page ruling , Mr. Lam invalidated a “ feng shui will ” from 2006 , saying her signature had been forged .
That will would have given Mrs .
Wang ’s entire fortune to her onetime spiritual adviser , Tony Chan , who also claimed to be her long - time lover .
Estimates of Mrs. Wang ’s estate have ranged from $ 4 billion to nearly $ 13 billion .
Mrs. Wang , an engaging eccentric who wore pigtails and miniskirts well into middle age , was the chairwoman of the Chinachem Group , a real estate and development conglomerate that she and her husband , Teddy Wang , had built together .
They also founded the Chinachem charity in 1988 .
For the first time in the world , a device , developed by Sharp Corporation , equipped with Plasmacluster technology , which exposed an airborne novel coronavirus ( SARS - CoV - 2 ) to [… ]
About The Author
Michael Laprarie lives in Oklahoma City and has been blogging since 2004 .
He is currently employed as a science teacher , and his professional experience includes contracting as a residential remodeling and asset preservation specialist , small business ownership , and QA / QC as well as general laboratory operations in the environmental testing industry .
His interests include jazz record collecting , politics and current events from a conservative viewpoint , and Christian thought in the Armenian / Wesleyan tradition .
How is original sin passed in order for Christ to remain sinless ?
This question and variants like it have arisen in the past .
Follow this reasoning :
Basis : Jesus was sinless ( Hebrews 4:15 , 1 John 3:5 ) .
Jesus was a descendant of Adam as per Luke 3 ( in His humanity ) .
Descendants of Adam receive original sin because they were in Adam when Adam sinned ( Romans 5:12 ) .
So how did Jesus avoid having original sin ?
There are several popular responses to this ( basic arguments given below ) that show there is no contradiction within Scripture :
Father ’ line : Jesus inherited genetic material from Mary ( to be fully human , i.e. , descendant of Adam to become the Last Adam ) but not from Joseph , therefore , original sin must pass through the father to the offspring .
This allows Jesus to avoid original sin .
Sin nature is not sin : the terms “ sin nature ” or “ original sin ” are not found in the Bible and are terms derived by humans when looking at certain passages .
Sin nature is a tendency toward sin , not sin in and of itself .
This avoids Jesus being a sinner .
Sin nature passes spiritually : original sin is nonmaterial and does n’t need to pass along to offspring via genetics .
It is passed along spiritually by virtue that all are descendants of Adam .
But God withheld original sin from entering Christ in the womb .
“ Father ’ line ” model
The first view is the Father ’ line model .
Initially this sounds like a reasonable model but there are some problems associated with it .
There are no Scriptures that connect the virgin birth to sin or sin nature .
The reason for the virgin birth is a miraculous entrance into the world by fulfilling prophecies such as Genesis 3:15 and Isaiah 7:14 .
Caution should be exercised when adding other implications to the virgin birth .
Second , if sin nature is materialistic and passed through the father while reproduction occurs , then , in theory , a “ clone ” ( of sorts anyway ) using two sets of female DNA ( resulting in only a female ) could be sinless and Jesus would no longer be unique as being separate from sinners ( Hebrews 7:26 ) .
The punishment for sin is death ( Genesis 2:17 ; 3:19 , Romans 5:12 ) and theoretically if one of these “ clones ” was without sin nature and did n’t sin , then they could not die and should live eternally , hence , a means of eternal life without the need for Jesus Christ ( John 14:6 ) .
Jesus , who was sinless still died on the cross without being a sinner ; but in order to die , He became sin for us ( Hebrews 9:28 ; 2 Corinthians 5:21 ) .
Often in today ’ culture people try to find materialistic explanations due to influences of materialism and naturalism ( foundations of evolution ) which exclude supernaturalism and the spiritual realm .
But truth , logic , information , souls , mind , sin nature , and so on are not material entities .
It is vital to realize the difference between the material and the immaterial in this discussion .
Consider the following :
Adam Adam originally had perfect DNA1 ( Genesis 1:31 , Deuteronomy 32:4 ) , and yet there was no original sin found in him at the start .
Sin nature came about when Adam sinned .
Were genetic changes involved in Genesis 3 ?
Perhaps , but such a position should not be held dogmatically .
But the fact that genes can exist without sin nature , shows that sin nature is not intrinsically bound to genetics .
Life is passed along and it is non-material Life also passed from Adam to all of us .
But originally Adam ’ life came from God when God breathed life into him ( Genesis 2:7 ) , even though his entire body was formed with DNA , flesh , bones , etc .
This immaterial life from God was independent of Adam ’s body , since it was “ breathed ” into it .
Satan / Demons Satan and demons may be the pinnacle to show that sin nature is not bound to material means .
Satan is spirit and he can tempt , influence , and even enter into people ( Luke 22:3 with Judas ) or animals ( Genesis 3 with the serpent , and in Mark 5:1 –17 with Legion and the swine ) .
They have sinned and continue to sin ( having their own sin nature ) without human genes .
This shows that sin nature is not confined to human DNA .
“ Sin nature is not sin ” model
Instead of avoiding sin nature , this model teaches that sin nature is not sin in and of itself but the tendency toward sin and Jesus , even with this tendency , did not sin .
In part , this model derives from Hebrews 4:15 , meaning that Jesus had to have a sin nature in order to be tempted just as we are .
In other words , the model teaches that one can be justified in sinning because “ man could n’t help it ” and therefore cannot rightly be compared to Jesus who would n’t have undergone what the rest of us underwent .
This model also assumes the peccability of Christ , which is hotly debated .
2
For we do not have a High Priest who cannot sympathize with our weaknesses , but was in all points tempted as we are , yet without sin .
( Hebrews 4:15 )
Obviously , Jesus was tempted externally , having fasted 40 days and nights , and then Satan himself tempted him three times ( Matthew 4 ) .
Jesus was tempted internally as well if one looks at the Garden of Gethsemane ( Matthew 26:39 , 42 , 44 ) .
Jesus in
His humanity was “ tempted ” to give up the cup that had been passed to Him , but still remained within the will of God , not His human will .
Another case that reveals Christ ’ internal temptations is Hebrews 2:18 which says :
For in that He Himself has suffered , being tempted , He is able to aid those who are tempted .
Christ was suffering due to temptation .
Also take note of Paul ’s comment :
No temptation has overtaken you except such as is common to man ; but God is faithful , who will not allow you to be tempted beyond what you are able , but with the temptation will also make the way of escape , that you may be able to bear it .
( 1 Corinthians 10:13 )
If God does n’t permit one to be tempted more than one can bear , and Christ — our perfect example and God incarnate — was tempted to an extreme that we have not had to bear .
A temptation , in and of itself , is not sin .
Temptation may lead to sin , and here is the progression described in James .
But each one is tempted when he is drawn away by his own desires and enticed .
Then , when desire has conceived , it gives birth to sin ; and sin , when it is full - grown , brings forth death .
( James 1:14–15 )
Note in the progression that being drawn away by our own human desires and enticed is also not sin .
When desires conceive or are put into action or even thought ( Matthew 5:28 ) , then it becomes sin .
When look at Genesis 3 , we find this progression with the Woman , Eve :
Tempted by the serpent Drawn away and enticed by desiring the fruit Desire conceived when she ate , thus her action of sin .
Of course , Adam was the representative for humankind , and when he ate , all humanity became doomed to the Curse .
Turning to Matthew 4 in the Garden of Gethsemane , Jesus was perhaps enticed by the desire of not fulfilling what He was there to do .
And yet , this desire did not conceive and Jesus did not sin .
Original sin means having an indirect part in Adam ’s sin and thus tending toward sin .
Does this mean Jesus had original sin then ?
This second view points out that “ original sin ” and “ sin nature ” are phrases that are not found in Scripture , but are derived from Genesis 3 and summed up in Romans 5 ( verse 12 specifically ) , elaborated on in Romans 7:13 –25 , and , by common definition , means the tendency toward sin as a consequence for descendants of Adam because of his sin .
But in the same respect , all have become sinners as a result ( Romans 3:23 , 5:19 ) .
Original sin means having an indirect part in Adam ’ sin and thus tending toward sin .
In this model , Adam was the responsible party and died for his sin .
We are not responsible for that sin but for the sins we commit ourselves .
John 8:24 gives an indication that people die for their own sins , not necessarily the sin nature that was inherent from Adam .
This sin nature then is not sin itself , but explains why mankind sins and tends toward it .
Having a part of Christ being directly given to Mary from God the Holy Spirit , shows that Christ is both fully God and fully human ( Colossians 1:16 , 2:9 ; John 1:1–3 ; Hebrews 2:14 ) .
In one sense , it excused Jesus for not being in Adam when he sinned but since
His life also came through Mary , it goes back to Adam as well .
The model also teaches that since Christ has direct lineage to Adam through Mary , this shows that He inherits this nature in His humanity , and since
He was without sin , then sin nature cannot be sin but merely the tendency toward sin or in other words , to overtly make desires conceive into sin .
The judgment of Revelation 20:11 –15 also supports this notion since the people there are judged “ according to their works ” ( verses 12 and 13 ) as opposed to being judged for their nature .
So from the moment of fertilization , people ’s desires conceive into sin .
Yet , Christ ’s desires never turned to sin .
Scripture never records if Satan ever tried to tempt God the Father , but would seem unlikely since
He cannot be tempted ( James 1:13 ) , but he did tempt Jesus .
In Christ ’ humanity , Satan had an opportunity to tempt Christ ; yet Christ did not succumb .
Christians , although having sin nature , do not continually sin ( 1 John 3:9 ) .
Therefore , they can resist sin , even though sin nature has reign over them .
Consider Adam and Christ .
Adam sinned without sin nature , and yet Jesus did not sin , having such a nature in this model .
One problematic issue in this model comes down to the interpretation of original sin .
If one was in Adam when Adam sinned , then he is a sinner because Adam sinned .
So although this model downplays that mankind was involved in Adam ’ sin , it does n’t completely remove it .
Another objection relates to an internal temptation of Christ .
Never once did Satan enter into Christ , for he cannot .
So any alleged internal temptation of Christ must come from Himself .
A desire to rebel against God is needed to conceive into sin and Christ has no such desire in Himself .
Recall , that James 1:13 says that God cannot be tempted , and Jesus being the Creator God ( John 1 , Colossians 1 , and Hebrews 1 ) cannot be tempted internally , i.e. , He cannot desire to rebel against God , i.e. , Himself .
This is different from someone trying to tempt Him .
Christ ’ own desires would not lead Him toward rebellion against God .
This makes sense because there are both righteous desires and evil desires .
So why was Jesus in anguish in the Garden of Gethsemane ?
In addition to the anguish of the terrible experience He was about to face , it was morally wrong for Him to be crucified .
One possible reason Christ felt torn was because it was wrong to punish the sinless with death ( i.e. , Himself ) , yet it had to be done for love and salvation of mankind as an atoning sacrifice .
Any desires of Christ in the Garden of Gethsemane could not have been anything but a righteous desire ( Hebrews 12:2 ) — death should not be the punishment for the Son of God , but had to be done for grace .
Christ was not tempted internally to sin but the desire to do two different “ right ” things .
So this second model fails on several counts .
“ Sin nature passes spiritually ” model
Unlike the first model , this third model does not limit sin nature to a physical entity that needs to be passed down .
Hence there is no problem for sin natures in Satan and demons .
This model assumes that original sin is sin , unlike the previous model .
This model takes the position that original sin is not required for one to be tempted in every way .
It goes back to the Woman in the Garden of Eden and points out the temptations prior to original sin .
When we look at Adam and the Woman , we find that a person can exist without sin nature and still be tempted both externally and internally ( the Woman desiring the fruit and taking it ) , but then sinning by following through when she and Adam ate .
Therefore , when Christ was conceived by the Holy Spirit , there was no intrinsic original sin passed to Christ , while still using Mary ’ genetic material3 to become a descendant of Adam .
Such a task would be no problem for the Creator of the universe .
To summarize , this view holds that sin nature is not physical and , thus , not passed along by genetic means but by spiritual means .
Consider that “ in Adam all die and yet all will be made alive in Christ ” ( 1 Corinthians 15:22 ) .
Original sin translated to death for all .
Salvation from death translated to being made alive .
Salvation and eternal life in Christ is the direct opposite of original sin and death in Adam .
Salvation is passed to people spiritually , not by physical means and definitely not by genetic means .
On this model , there is no reason to assume then that original sin was anything less than passed down by spiritual means ; however , Romans 7:13 – 25 seems to locate the sinful tendencies as being part of the flesh ( Greek sarx , meaning flesh or body ) .
He states that nothing good dwells in his flesh ( verse 18 ) , that there was a law in his body warring against his mind ( verse 23 ) , and seeks deliverance from his [ physical ] body of death ( verse 24 ) .
It seems particularly difficult to explain this last view in completely laymen terms , because it is not based on any physical mechanism like the previous two .
So let me say this : by virtue that we are sinners due to being descendants of Adam , we automatically receive sin nature not by any physical means , but spiritual means and Christ , being God , simply does n’t receive it by virtue that He is the Son of God .
Conclusion : Mysteries belong to God
The secret things belong to the Lord our God , but those things which are revealed belong to us and to our children forever , that we may do all the words of this law .
( Deuteronomy 29:29 )
In a discussion like this , it is good to keep in mind that there are many mysteries and secrets that belong to God .
Even these explanations merely touch the surface and require years of research and books to cover this difficult topic .
But the hope is that this short overview gives some food for thought .
But one lesson can be easily learned here : be wary of appealing solely to materialistic explanations in a world that is both spiritual and material .
HIV Poses a Community Risk for Blacks Experts say HIV rates are so high that simply curbing risky behavior wo n't help .
Feb. 19 , 2010  -- SAN FRANCISCO -- HIV prevalence is so great among African Americans that even those who avoid risky behaviors are at high risk , according to findings reported at the Conference on Retroviruses and Opportunistic Infections .
Dr. Kimberly Smith , of Rush University Medical Center in Chicago , warned that focusing on drug use , homosexual behavior and multiple partners actually undermines efforts to counteract the dramatic disparities faced by blacks in regards to HIV prevalence and mortality .
This is particularly true for heterosexuals , she told attendees of the conference .
" The prevalence has come to a point now where … there 's basically no room for error , " she said at a press conference .
This requires a shift in perspective for policy and prevention efforts , Smith said .
" If we start to focus on this as a community challenge rather than focusing on individual risks , then that may move us in the right direction , " she said at a press conference .
Black people account for only 12 percent of the U.S. population , but make up half of HIV cases in the country .
Whereas the overall rate of HIV prevalence in America is under 1 percent , Smith called attention to a New England Journal of Medicine article published earlier this week that documented the rate in several U.S. cities with large black populations as comparable to and sometimes worse than the rate reported in sub-Saharan Africa .
For example , the HIV rate is 3 percent in the largely black Washington D.C. population ( over 6 percent among black men there ) and reaches nearly 14 percent in men who have sex with men in New York City compared with a general - population prevalence of 7.8 percent in Kenya and 16.9 percent in South Africa .
Stigmatizing groups with risky behaviors leaves the majority unaware of their risk , Smith noted .
" Part of our challenge is that a lot of the black community has not perceived itself to be at risk based upon the evolution of how we understood risk of HIV in the United States , " she said at the press conference .
The narrow initial perception as a " gay , white disease " persisted into the mid-90s , she said .
By the time high - profile black HIV cases like that of Earvin " Magic " Johnson stirred awareness about risk , Smith said at the plenary session , " the horse was out of the barn , the cat was out of the bag , and HIV was running rampant in black community . "
HIV mortality for African Americans shows the same dramatic gap as HIV rates compared with other race and ethnic groups in the U.S. , with an eight - fold excess mortality risk for black men and 20 - fold increased risk for black women .
Many factors contribute to this , including late diagnosis , the fact that up to 20 percent of black HIV - infected persons never see an HIV provider for at least five years after diagnosis , poorer access to care and poorer response and adherence to treatment once initiated , Smith noted .
Dr. Kevin Fenton agreed that social contexts drive these disparities .
Fenton spoke about barriers to HIV prevention at a separate session at the conference .
Only 16 percent of people living with HIV have private insurance and 62 percent are unemployed explained Fenton , who is director of the National Center for HIV / AIDS , Viral Hepatitis , STD , and Tuberculosis prevention at the U.S. Centers for Disease Control in Atlanta .
" While we 've made great strides in developing prevention interventions and targeting individual risk behavior , the bottom line is that behavioral change programs are not enough to get ahead of the curve , " Fenton said at a press conference .
Without confronting the root causes , little will change , he cautioned .
rpm -- import /mnt/cdrom/RPM-GPG-KEY
rpm - qa gpg-pubkey *
gpg-pubkey - db42a60e-37ea5438
rpm - qi gpg-pubkey - db42a60e-37ea5438
rpm -K /tmp/updates/*.rpm
All Fedora packages are signed with the Fedora GPG key .
GPG stands for GNU Privacy Guard , or GnuPG , a free software package used for ensuring the authenticity of distributed files .
For example , a private key ( ) locks the package while the public key unlocks and verifies the package .
If the public key distributed by Fedora does not match the private key during RPM verification , the package may have been altered and therefore cannot be trusted .
The RPM utility within Fedora automatically tries to verify the GPG signature of an RPM package before installing it .
If the Fedora GPG key is not installed , install it from a secure , static location , such as an Fedora installation CD - ROM or DVD .
Assuming the fedora installation disc is mounted in , use the following command to import it into the keyring ( ) : To display a list of all keys installed for RPM verification , execute the following command :
The output will look similar to the following : To display details about a specific key , use thecommand followed by the output from the previous command , as in this example :
It is extremely important to verify the signature of the RPM files before installing them to ensure that they have not been altered from the original source of the packages .
To verify all the downloaded packages at once , issue the following command :
For each package , if the GPG key verifies successfully , the command returns gpg .
If it does n't , make sure you are using the correct Fedora public key , as well as verifying the source of the content .
Packages that do not pass GPG verifications should not be installed , as they may have been altered by a third party .
After verifying the GPG key and downloading all the packages associated with the errata report , install the packages as root at a shell prompt .
Last night , the military officially entered the age of airborne laser weapons .
A large laser mounted to the front of a modified 747 jet successfully detected and shot down a ballistic missile while both were in mid-flight .
The airborne laser program – part Star Wars ( the sci - fi flick ) and part Star Wars ( the Strategic Defense Initiative ) – has taken years of work and billions of dollars it get here .
But the Pentagon can now witness the firepower of this fully armed and operational battle station .
" While ballistic missiles like the one [ the Airborne Laser Testbed ] destroyed move at speeds of about 4,000 miles per hour , they are no match for a super - heated , high - energy laser beam racing towards it at 670 million mph , " says defense contractor Northrop Grumman in a release after announcing the successful test Friday .
Thursday night , a test missile fired from an " at - sea mobile launch platform " – likely a ship or submarine .
The 747 detected the liquid - fueled missile and fired three different beams .
The first , a low - energy laser , allowed the system to track the missile .
Its second blast monitored the atmosphere between the aircraft and the target to better hone the final stage .
Once the system has locked on , it powers up what Boeing calls " the most powerful mobile laser device in the world . "
The third stage actually involves six laser modules , each the size of a sport- utility vehicle , that fire in unison through a telescope - like lens located at the front of the 747 .
" When fired through a window in the aircraft 's nose turret , it produces enough energy in a 5 - second burst to power a typical household for more than one hour , " says the US Air Force .
The beam cannot slice through a missile , lightsaber - style , but rather heats up pressurized portions of weapons , rupturing them .
In Thursday 's test , the airborne laser disabled the test missile two minutes after it launched .
In a massive collaboration , Northrop Grumman constructed the megawatt - class high - energy laser , Lockheed Martin designed the firing system , and Boeing tied everything together with the U.S. Missile Defense Agency .
The military has been tinkering with " megawatt - class chemical oxygen iodine laser beam " weapons since 1996 .
But the Pentagon is n’t happy with the price tag .
Defense Secretary Robert Gates canceled the original order for a second airborne laser system , but held onto the original aircraft for further experiments .
While yesterday 's success encourages missile - shield proponents , the system still needs lots of tuning .
A second trial Thursday night hit its target , but stopped firing before crippling the weapon .
---
For more sci-tech news , follow us on Twitter , @CSMHorizonsBlog .
Bionic Vision Australia ( BVA ) today unveils their wide - view neurostimulator concept — a bionic eye that will be implanted into Australia ’s first recipient of the technology .
The prototype bionic eye , developed by BVA researchers at the University of New South Wales and unveiled today at the BVA consortium ’s official launch at the University of Melbourne , will deliver improved quality of life for patients suffering from degenerative vision loss caused by retinitis pigmentosa and age - related macular degeneration .
The device , which is currently undergoing testing , consists of a miniature camera mounted on glasses that captures visual input , transforming it into electrical signals that directly stimulate surviving neurons in the retina .
The implant will enable recipients to perceive points of light in the visual field that the brain can then reconstruct into an image .
Research Director of Bionic Vision Australia and Professor of Engineering at the University of Melbourne , Professor Anthony Burkitt says the device will deliver life - changing vision for recipients .
“ We anticipate that this retinal implant will provide users with increased mobility and independence , and that future versions of the implant will eventually allow recipients to recognise faces and read large print , ” he says .
Bionic Vision Australia Chairman , Professor Emeritus David Penington AC says the BVA team ’s outstanding expertise will be the key to delivering their ambitious goal of providing bionic vision within the next five years .
“ This is an exciting moment in our venture .
The team ’s success is based on our world class multi-disciplinary approach which uses vision clinicians , retinal surgeons , neuroscientists , biomedical and electrical engineers from across the nation , ” he says .
BVA is a partnership of world - leading Australian research institutions collaborating to develop an advanced retinal prosthesis , or bionic eye , to restore the sense of vision to people with degenerative or inherited retinal disease .
The partners of Bionic Vision Australia are the University of Melbourne , the University of New South Wales , the Bionic Ear Institute , the Centre for Eye Research Australia and NICTA .
In December 2009 Bionic Vision Australia ( BVA ) was awarded $ 42 million from the Federal Government .
Professor Penington says the grant , provided over four years , will take the team to the point where commercial development of an implant at the back of the eye , responding to wireless transmission of vision , will become a reality .
Retinitis Pigmentosa sufferer Leighton Boyd says this exciting development gives him hope that he will once again be able to see the faces of his loved ones .
The recent series of Why XYZ Is Not My Favourite Programming Language articles has been fun to do , and it ’s been great to see the discussion in the comments ( even if it ’s mostly people people saying that I am talking a load of fetid dingo ’s kidneys ) .
But I do n’t want to extend that series beyond the point of diminishing returns , and it ’s time to think about what it all means .
As duwanis commented on the Ruby article , “ I ’m a bit lost as to the point of these posts ” ; now I want to try to figure out just what , if anything , I was getting at .
By the way , it ’s been interesting how people respond to articles that are critical ( however flippantly ) of languages .
Most of what I ’ve written here on TRP has had comments pretty evenly balanced between “ Yes , I know exactly what you mean ” and “ You are talking complete nonsense ” , which seems about right to me ; but comments on the NMFPL posts have almost all been telling me why I am wrong .
It ’s also been interesting to watch all the Reddit posts for these articles drop to zero , or at best stay at one : evidently people who like languages are keener to defend them than those who dislike them are to pile in — which is as it should be .
Reviewing the languages
First of all , let me say that all the languages I picked on are , or at least have been , good languages .
I did n’t bother criticising BASIC or FORTRAN , or Tcl for that matter , because , well , everyone already knows they ’re not going to save the world .
( I did n’t criticise any of the functional languages because I do n’t honestly feel that I yet know any of them well enough to do an honest job of it . )
So , to look at the positive , here are some reasons to like each of the languages I ’ve been saying are not my favourites .
In roughly chronological order :
C ( 1972 ) was , depending on your perspective , either the first really expressive low - level language , or the first really efficient high - level language .
Its historical importance , as the foundation of all but the earliest implementations of Unix , is immense .
But , more than that , it has a crystalline elegance that few other languages approach .
( I ’ll be writing more about C in future articles . )
( 1972 ) was , depending on your perspective , either the first really expressive low - level language , or the first really efficient high - level language .
Its historical importance , as the foundation of all but the earliest implementations of Unix , is immense .
But , more than that , it has a crystalline elegance that few other languages approach .
( I ’ll be writing more about C in future articles . ) C++ ( 1983 ) , despite being more prone to abuse than any other language , can indeed be used as Stroustrup suggests , as “ a better C ” .
It was also a very impressive technical achievement : to come so close to being object oriented while retaining binary compatibility with C is pretty astonishing .
It solves that problem well , while leaving open the question of whether it was the right problem to solve .
( 1983 ) , despite being more prone to abuse than any other language , can indeed be used as Stroustrup suggests , as “ a better C ” .
It was also a very impressive technical achievement : to come so close to being object oriented while retaining binary compatibility with C is pretty astonishing .
It solves that problem well , while leaving open the question of whether it was the right problem to solve .
Perl ( 1987 ) was and is amazingly useful for just , you know , getting stuff done .
It has a likeable humility , in that it was the first major language to make working together nicely with other languages a major goal , and its Swiss Army Chainsaw of text - processing methods were a huge and important pragmatic step forward .
It ’s not pretty , but it ’s very effective .
( 1987 ) was and is amazingly useful for just , you know , getting stuff done .
It has a likeable humility , in that it was the first major language to make working together nicely with other languages a major goal , and its Swiss Army Chainsaw of text - processing methods were a huge and important pragmatic step forward .
It ’s not pretty , but it ’s very effective .
Java ( 1995 ) can be thought of as “ a better C++ ” ; and it is better in lots of important ways .
It hugely reduces the amount of saying - it - twice that C++ source and header files require , the code is much cleaner , it is much harder to shoot yourself in the foot , and experience tells us that it scales well to very large projects with many programmers .
( 1995 ) can be thought of as “ a better C++ ” ; and it is better in lots of important ways .
It hugely reduces the amount of saying - it - twice that C++ source and header files require , the code is much cleaner , it is much harder to shoot yourself in the foot , and experience tells us that it scales well to very large projects with many programmers .
JavaScript ( 1995 ) has proven its usefulness over and over again , despite being saddled with a hideous set of largely incompatible operating environments ; and underneath that perplexing surface , as Douglas Crockford ’s book The Good Parts explains , there is a beautiful little language struggling to get out .
( 1995 ) has proven its usefulness over and over again , despite being saddled with a hideous set of largely incompatible operating environments ; and underneath that perplexing surface , as Douglas Crockford ’s book The Good Parts explains , there is a beautiful little language struggling to get out .
Ruby ( 1995 ) is in a sense not really a huge leap forward over previous languages ; but it ’s done the best job of any of them in terms of learning from what ’s gone before .
It really does seem to combine the best parts of Perl ( string handling , friendliness towards other languages ) , Smalltalk ( coherent and consistent object model ) , Lisp ( functional programming support ) and more .
Although there are plenty of other languages out there , these are the main contenders for the not-very - coveted position of My Favourite Programming Language : I am deliberately overlooking all the Lisps and other functional languages for now , as I just do n’t know them well enough , and I am ignoring C# as a separate language because even highly trained scientists with sensitive instruments can’t tell it apart from Java ; and PHP because it ’s just Even Uglier Perl , and Visual BASIC for all the obvious reasons .
( I do n’t really have a good reason for leaving Python out , but I ’m going to anyway . )
Some thoughts on Java
According to the Normalized Comparison chart on langpop.com , and also the same site ’s Normalized Discussion Site results ( at the bottom of the same page ) , Java is currently the most popular programming language of them all ( followed by C , C++ , PHP , JavaScript and Python ) , so in a sense it ’s the reigning champion : if you want to be an advocate for some other language , you need to make a case for why it ’s preferable to Java .
And it ’s a good language .
At the cost of some expressiveness , it tries to make itself foolproof , and it does a good job of it .
In a comment on the recent frivolous Java article , Osvaldo Pinali Doederlein boldly asserted that “ there are no major blunders in the Java language ” .
Surprisingly enough , I do more or less agree with that ( though its handling of static methods is pretty hideous ) .
I think that almost - no - major - blunders property is a nice consequence of Java ’s lack of ambition : it was pretty much deliberately designed as C++ Without The Compromises To Keep It Binary Compatible With C , and it did a good job of learning from C’s and C ++’s mistakes , to produce a language that is much smaller and more pleasant than C++ and perhaps on a par with C for both size and pleasantness while being much more convenient .
My main issue with Java is actually much more pervasive than any specific flaw : you ’ll forgive me if I find this hard to tie down , but it ’s just a sense that the language is , well , lumpen .
Everything feels like it ’s harder work that it ought to be : programming in Java feels like typing in rubber gloves .
An obvious example of this is what Hello World looks like in Java :
public class HelloWorld {
public static void main ( String args [ ] ) {
System.out.println
( “ Hello , world ! ” ) ;
}
}
You have to say a lot of stuff before you can say what you want to say .
You have to have a main ( ) function , it has to be declared as taking an array of String and it has to be public static void .
It has to be wrapped in public class SomeIrrelevantName ( which , by the way , has to be the same as the name of the source file . )
The print ( ) function is called System.out.println ( ) .
The comparison with complete Hello World programs in other popular languages is instructive :
print “ Hello , world !
” # Perl
print “ Hello , world ! ” # Python
puts “ Hello , world ! ” # Ruby
( print “ Hello , world ! ” ) ; Emacs Lisp
10 PRINT “ Hello , world ” :REM Commodore 64 BASIC
Is it a big deal that Java makes you say public static void main ( String args [ ] ) ?
No , it ’s not .
It ’s easily learned , and Java programmers develop the ability to become “ blind ” to all the syntactic noise ( at least I assume good ones do ) .
But it ’s pervasive .
All Java code looks like this , to a greater or lesser extent .
How many mental CPU cycles do Java programmers burn filtering out all the keyword soup ?
At the risk of looking like a total Steve Yegge fanboy , I ’ll illustrate that with an example taken from his article on Allocation Styles : how to ask a language what index- related methods its string class supports ( i.e. which methods ’ names contain the word “ index ” ) .
His Java code looks like this :
List results = new ArrayList ( ) ;
Method [ ] methods = String.class.getMethods ( ) ;
for ( int i = 0 ; i < methods.length ; i++ ) {
Method m = methods [ i ] ;
if ( m.getName ( ).toLowerCase ( ).indexOf ( “ index ” ) != - 1 ) {
results.add(m.getName ( ) ) ;
}
}
String [ ] names = ( String [ ] ) results.toArray ( ) ;
Arrays.sort( names ) ;
return names ;
If you ’re a Java jockey by nature , you ’re probably looking at that and thinking “ well , that does n’t look too bad ” ( though quite possibly also thinking about a couple of incremental improvements you would make ) .
Here ’s how that program looks in a less verbose language ( Ruby , as it happens ) :
“ ”.methods.sort.grep /index /
i
Now even if you agree with me and Osvaldo that “ there are no major blunders in the Java language ” , you have to admire the concision of the Ruby version .
It ’s literally an order of magnitude shorter ( 30 characters vs. 332 , or one line vs. 11 ) .
What a concise language buys you
“ But Mike , surely you ’re not saying that the Ruby version is better just because it ’s shorter ? ”
Well , maybe I am .
Let ’s see what the advantages are :
Less code is quicker to write than more code .
Less code is easier to maintain than more code .
As Gordon Bell has pithily observed , “ The cheapest , fastest and most reliable components of a computer system are those that are n’t there . ”
Each line of code is a line that can go wrong .
Concise code lets you see more of the program at once : this is n’t as big a deal now we all have 1920 × 1200 screens rather than the 80 × 24 character terminals that I did all my early C programming on , but it ’s still an important factor , especially as programs grow and start sprouting all kinds of extra glue classes and interfaces and what have you .
A concise language keeps the total code - base size down .
I think this is very important .
ScottKit currently weighs in at 1870 lines of Ruby , including blank lines and comments ( or 1484 once those are stripped ) .
Would I have started a fun little project like that at all if it was going to be a fun big project of 20,000 lines ?
Probably not .
And this factor becomes more important for more substantial projects — the difference between ten million lines of code and one million is much more significant than the difference between ten thousand and one thousand .
Most importantly , look at what code is n’t in the Ruby version : it ’s all scaffolding .
It ’s nothing to do with the problem I am trying to solve .
In the Java version , I have to spend a lot of time talking about ArrayList s and Italian guys and loops up to methods .
length and temporary String [ ] buffers and Italian guys .
In the Ruby version , it ’s a relief not to have to bother to mention such things — they are not part of my solution .
( Arguably , they are part of the problem . )
I think the last of these may be the most important factor of all here .
I ’m reminded of Larry Wall ’s observation that “ The computer should be doing the hard work .
That ’s what it ’s paid to do , after all ” .
When I stop and think about this , I feel slightly outraged that in this day and age the computer expects me to waste my time allocating buffers and looping up to maxima and suchlike .
That is dumb work .
It does n’t take a programmer to do it right ; the computer is smart enough .
Let it do that job .
The upshot is that in the Ruby version , all I have to write about is the actual problem I am trying to solve .
You can literally break the program down token by token and see how each one advances the solution :
“ ”.methods.sort.grep /index /
i
Here we go :
“ ” — a string .
( The empty string , as it happens , but any other string would do just as well . )
( I notice that WordPress inconveniently transforms these into “ smart quotes ” , so that you ca n’t copy and paste the code and expect it to Just Work .
D’oh !
Use normal double quotes . )
— a string .
( The empty string , as it happens , but any other string would do just as well . )
( I notice that WordPress inconveniently transforms these into “ smart quotes ” , so that you ca n’t copy and paste the code and expect it to Just Work .
D’oh !
Use normal double quotes . ) . methods — invoke the methods method on the string , to return a list of the methods that it supports .
( You can do this to anything in Ruby , because Everything Is An Object . )
— invoke the method on the string , to return a list of the methods that it supports .
( You can do this to anything in Ruby , because Everything Is An Object . ) . sort — sort the list alphabetically .
— sort the list alphabetically .
. grep — filter the list , retaining only those members that match a specified condition .
— filter the list , retaining only those members that match a specified condition .
/ index / — the condition is a regular expression that matches all strings containing the substring “ index ” .
— the condition is a regular expression that matches all strings containing the substring “ index ” .
i — the regular expression matches case - insensitively .
Bonus pleasant property
As a bonus , the code reads naturally left - to - right , rather than inside - to - outside as it would in a language where it all has so be done in function calls , like this :
grep( sort ( methods ( “ ” ) ) , / index / i )
I think that Ruby ’s object - oriented formulation is objectively better than the pure - functional version , because you do n’t have to skip back and forth through the expression to see what order things are done in .
“ Say what you mean , simply and directly . ”
When I started to write this article , I did n’t know what my conclusion was going to be .
I just felt that I ought to say something substantial at the conclusion of a sequence of light - and - fluffy pieces .
But , as Paul Graham says [ long , but well worth reading ] , part of the purpose of writing an essay is to find out what your conclusion is .
More concisely , E. M. Forster asked , “ How do I know what I think until I see what I say ? ”
But now I ’ve conveniently landed on an actual conclusion .
And here it is .
Remember in that Elements of Programming Style review , I drew special attention to the first rule in the first proper chapter —
“ Say what you mean , simply and directly ” ?
The more that runs through my mind , the more convinced I am that this deceptively simple - sounding aphorism is the heart of good programming .
Seven short words ; a whole world of wisdom .
And how can I say what I mean simply and directly if I ’m spending all my time allocating temporary arrays and typing public static void main ?
My code ca n’t be simple if the functions I ’m calling have complex interfaces .
My code ca n’t be direct if it has to faff around making places to put intermediate results .
If I am going to abide by the Prime Directive , I need a language that does all the fiddly stuff for me .
So it looks like My Favourite Programming Language is Ruby , at least for now .
That might change as my early infatuation wears off ( I ’ve still only been using it for a couple of months ) , and it might also change as my long - anticipated getting - to - grips - with - Lisp project gathers momentum .
But for now , Ruby is the winner .
And it ’s going to be dethroned , it ’s not going to be by a scaffolding - rich language like Java .
Coda : I do n’t hate Java
Just to defuse one possible stream of unproductive comments : this is not about me hating Java .
I do n’t hate it : I think it ’s way better than C++ , and in most ways better than C ( which , given that I love C , is saying a lot ) .
All the criticism I ’ve levelled at Java in this article applies equally to C++ , C and C# , and many other languages .
To some lesser degree , they also apply to Perl and JavaScript .
But I am on a quest now — to say what I mean , simply and directly .
And Java is not a language that helps me do that .
.
Update ( 19 March 2010 )
The discussion at Reddit is not extensive , but it ’s well worth a look because it contains some nice code samples of how you can do “ ”.methods.sort.grep / index / i in other languages .
There ’s also a little discussion at Hacker News .
.
And , finally : please ignore this magic code , which I am gluing into the article so that Technorati can pick it up and know that I really am the owner of this blog : EECRHMA873AV
Just because one waves a magic wand and austerity measures appear automatically , with unicorns singing , leprechauns dancing and pissing gold coins , and rainbows shooting out of Joaquin Almunia 's ... assets .
Or not .
The much delayed budget cuts which are finally being instituted are causing transportation gridlock with taxicab drivers on strike , multi- hour long lines at gas stations , and as of recently , following the customs union workers ' strike , an export plunge of 18 % , putting the already frayed economy even more on edge .
From Bloomberg :
Exports have fallen 18 percent since the beginning of the customs strike as the shipping of goods via maritime , rail and air links is paralyzed , Christina Sakellaridi , president of the Panhellenic Union of Exporters , told private Skai radio today .
Greek motorists lined up at gas stations as fuel stocks dwindled while a strike by customs workers over government austerity measures stretched into a fourth day , hurting imports and exports .
The Federation of Greek Customs Workers called a three - day strike on Feb. 16 and decided yesterday to extend the action by six days to protest government austerity measures aimed at trimming Europe ’s biggest budget deficit .
Greece is once again “ hostage to strikes by powerful labor union groups , ” the National Federation of Greek Commerce said in an e-mailed statement .
The strike is “ catastrophic ” for the country ’s trade and industry as well as shipping , food and transport companies and the Greek consumer , said the Athens - based organization , which represents Greek commerce groups .
Of course , a 5 year old with semi-remedial Economics skills could have told the Greek Prime Minister ( not to mention the rusty EU bureaucrats ) that all this would happen .
How Greece is now supposed to fix its economy when it is caught in the blender of collapsing already horrendous tax receipts , an infrastructure crunch , and trade isolation , is beyond even the financial innovation genius of the Summerses and Blankfeins of the world .
But we wish them well nonetheless .
And at least the euro is alive and well ... for the time being .
P.S. We encourage our greek readers to send us any pictures that capture the true state of the Greek economy .
( CNN ) -- Volunteers are taking to the streets of Miami , Florida , this Super Bowl weekend to inform teenage girls of alternatives to working as prostitutes .
Just as Miami's hotels , restaurants and retail stores are seeing a bump in business for one of the biggest sporting events of the year , law enforcement and social service agencies say they are also witnessing a spike in trafficking of underage sex workers .
" Many social service agencies and law enforcement agencies recognize that there was an increase of victims of trafficking during last year 's Super Bowl , " said Regina Bernadin , Statewide Human Trafficking Coordinator for the Florida Department of Children and Families .
" That correlates with research that whenever there 's a convention , a concert or a large event , traffickers will bring girls to the area to serve the influx of visitors , " she added .
Girls and young women , as well as their pimps , come from as far as New York and Texas to meet the increased demand , says Brad Dennis , director of search operations for KlaasKIDS Foundation , which is spearheading the outreach effort .
" It 's just that party culture , " Dennis said .
" Super Bowl is an entertainment event and everyone wants to come down and party and when you throw that mix into an area with lots money to spend , it 's a traffickers ' playground . "
Due to the clandestine nature of underage sex trafficking , it 's hard to track the exact number of girls who are brought in for the Super Bowl and other big events .
But a look at online escort listings gives some clues , Dennis said .
One free online site offered 38 ads for Miami on January 16 , but more than 200 on Saturday night , he said .
It was impossible to tell how many of the advertised escorts might be underage .
On less high - profile weekends in Miami , Trudy Novicki , Executive Director of Kristi House , said her organization looks at the number of reported runaways as an indicator of how many girls could be working in the sex trade .
" We know that a very high percentage of runaways will end up being approached by a pimp within 72 hours of hitting the streets and they will be prostituted in order to survive on the streets , " Novicki said .
" So we know there is an extremely high correlation between runaway juveniles and underage prostitution .
Kristi House is also helping to coordinate the Super Bowl weekend outreach , Novicki said .
The profile of a typical runaway cuts across socio-economic lines , Novicki said , but many of them leave home to escape some form of abuse .
In an effort to reach those girls , state and local law enforcement agencies are teaming up with social service agencies to coordinate nighttime outreaches to girls on the streets .
Starting Wednesday , small teams of three or four volunteers have set out each night scoping the streets for potential trafficking victims , covering ground from Fort Lauderdale to South Beach to Hialeah .
The hard part is n't locating the girls but finding an opportunity to approach them without drawing the attention of their pimps , said volunteer Eddy Ameen .
" Safety 's always an issue because we know the girls are n't alone .
We have to make sure we 're not presenting potential harm to them , " said Ameen , executive director of StandUp For Kids Miami .
If they get a girl 's attention , they hand her a card with a hot line number for resources on how to get out of " the life , " Ameen said .
" It 's usually a very brief encounter -- just a few minutes , if that .
Some may not call the next day or the day after or ever .
We can give out card 100 times and maybe five will call .
But if they do , we 've made a difference , " he added .
Another component of the operation aims to educate hotels and the hospitality industry on how to spot sex - trafficking operations on their premises and report it -- an approach that yielded the majority of leads at last year 's Super Bowl in Tampa , Florida , according to Dennis .
" Last year we put together 21 leads that we gave to law enforcement , most of them from business owners or hotel owners basically stating I believe I have a trafficker and his girls stay at my hotel , " he said .
" They 'd see a lot of traffic coming and going , or girls standing out on corners . , " Dennis added .
" Those are all obvious signs , but good on them for actually reporting it . "
The epidemic of underage sex trafficking is n't contained to Super Bowl weekend .
An estimated 100,000 girls in the United States are under the control of a pimp or trafficker , according to Shared Hope Intermational , a nonprofit that works to combat worldwide sex trafficking .
It 's a reality that groups like KlaasKIDS , StandUp For Kids and Kristi House encounter daily , Ameen said .
" The common perception is that the girls enjoy it , they make money , they 're independent or they do it by choice .
But when you work with young people selling their bodies , it 's not a choice .
It 's a way to survive , " he said .
" I do n't want the idea to go away when Super Bowl ends .
The reality is that it 's more concentrated on Super Bowl weekend , but they 're still out there come Monday morning . "
Bowman was earlier sentenced to 25 years for abuse
A woman in the US state of Maryland has been convicted of murdering two adopted daughters whose bodies she kept in a freezer , moving them from home to home .
Renee Bowman , 44 , was found guilty of two counts of first - degree murder and three of first - degree child abuse .
The two bodies were found in a freezer in her home in Lusby in September 2008 after a third girl escaped .
Authorities do not know exactly when the two girls , who would now be 11 and 12 had they lived , were killed .
But Bowman moved home three times in the past three years , bringing a large freezer along with her .
Her crimes were uncovered when the surviving girl was found , aged seven , half - naked and covered in blood after escaping from the Bowman home .
Inside Bowman 's freezer were the frozen bodies of Minnet , the eldest , and Jasmine .
Special needs children
Bowman had received subsidies for all three children from the District of Columbia , where the girls were adopted .
The subsidies are given to parents who adopt special - needs children from foster care , the Associated Press news agency notes .
Bowman has already pleaded guilty to abusing the surviving girl and was sentenced to 25 years in prison in that case .
The girl , now nine and living with new foster parents , testified in the murder trial last week .
Bowman is due to be sentenced over the new convictions on 22 March .
Prosecutors said they would ask for life in prison without the possibility of parole .
Suicide Notes
Paste this code into your blog or home page to link to this Wordle :
< a href = " http://www.wordle.net/show/wrdl/1812397/Suicide_Notes " title= " Wordle : Suicide Notes " >< img src= " http://www.wordle.net/thumb/wrdl/1812397/Suicide_Notes " alt = " Wordle : Suicide Notes " style = " padding : 4 px ; border : 1px solid # ddd " ></a>
IMPLAUSIBLY high energy demands and insurmountable engineering difficulties have n’t stopped people fantasising about “ warp drives ” that could propel spaceships across the Universe faster than the speed of light .
But now a Portuguese mathematician says he has proved that the idea is impossible .
Although Albert Einstein ’s special theory of relativity says nothing can travel faster than light , Mexican mathematician Miguel Alcubierre found a way round the problem in 1994 .
He showed that a bubble with walls made of negative energy would distort the space around it .
In theory , if the bubble contracted the space immediately in front of it and expanded the space behind , it could travel …
The vehicle has been described as a compact combat unit
A mini armoured car , designed for use in confined spaces such as airports and hotels targeted in terror attacks , has gone on display at an Indian arms fair .
The battery operated , two million rupee ( $ 45,000 ) Anti-Terrorist Assault Cart ( Atac ) is said to resemble a bullet - proof golf buggy with firing ports .
It has been specially designed to transport two armed security personnel during or after terror attacks .
It was created in the wake of the Mumbai ( Bombay ) hotel attacks of 2008 .
The attacks in November 2008 took place in two luxury hotels with gunmen surrounded by security forces for about 60 hours .
One hundred and sixty - five people were killed in the attacks , including nine gunmen .
The company behind the cart , Metaltech Motor Bodies Pvt Ltd , said the Atac had been designed in the aftermath of the attacks .
' Helplessness '
" It can extract civilians or engage terrorists , " Metaltech managing director JB Sehrawat told the AFP news agency .
" It 's a product of our sense of helplessness over the casualties we took in the attacks .
We put our heads and hearts together and came up with the Atac . "
It weighs just under half a tonne , has bullet - proof windows and contains numerous firing ports .
Furthermore it is able to negotiate corridors and lifts .
Metaltech says the squat and heavily armoured vehicle can also withstand grenade blasts and last for six hours on a single charge - with a top speed of 25 km / h ( 15 mph ) .
The company said it was offering a prototype of the vehicle , which drew applause from visitors and military scientists attending the arms fair in Delhi , for trials with the sponsors of the Commonwealth Games , due to be held in the city in November .
India has had to reassure foreign countries that those games and next month 's hockey World Cup in Delhi will be safe and free of terror attacks .
" Given the growing threats , we need nano - engineering such as the Atac , " Metaltech Vice President SW
Thatte said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
$ \begingroup $
In an unrelated thread Sam Nead intrigued me by mentioning a formalized proof of the Jordan curve theorem .
I then found that there are at least two , made on two different systems .
This is quite an achievement , but is it of any use for a mathematician like me ?
( No this is not what I am asking , the actual question is at the end . )
I 'd like to trust the theorems I use .
To this end , I can read a proof myself ( the preferred way , but sometimes hard to do ) or believe experts ( a slippery road ) .
If I knew little about topology but occasionally needed the Jordan theorem , a machine - verified proof could give me a better option ( and even if I am willing to trust experts , I could ensure that there are no hidden assumptions obvious to experts but unknown to me ) .
But how to make sure that a machine verified the proof correctly ?
The verifying program is too complex to be trusted .
A solution is of course that this smart program generates a long , unreadable proof that can be verified by a dumb program ( so dumb that an amateur programmer could write or check it ) .
I mean a program that performs only primitive syntax operations like " plug assertions 15 and 28 into scheme 9 " .
This " dumb " part should be independent of the " smart " part .
Given such a system , I could check axioms , definitions and the statement of the theorem , feed the dumb program ( whose operation I can comprehend ) with these formulations and the long proof , and see if it succeeds .
That would convince me that the proof is indeed verified .
However I found no traces of this " dumb " part of the system .
And I understand that designing one may be hard .
Because the language used by the system should be both human - friendly ( so that a human can verify that the definitions are correct ) and computer - friendly ( so that a dumb program can parse it ) .
And the definitions should be chosen carefully - I do n't want to dig through a particular construction of the reals from rationals to make sure that this is indeed the reals that I know .
Sorry for this philosophy , here is the question at last .
Is there such a " dumb " system around ?
If yes , do formalization projects use it ?
If not , do they recognize the need and put the effort into developing it ?
Or do they have other means to make their systems trustable ?
UPDATE : Thank you all for interesting answers .
Let me clarify that the main focus is interoperability with a human mathematician ( who is not necessarily an expert in logic ) .
It seems that this is close to interoperability between systems - if formal languages accepted by core checkers are indeed simple , then it should be easy to automatically translate between them .
For example , suppose that one wants to stay within symbolic logic based on simple substitutions and axioms from some logic book .
It seems easy to write down these logical axioms plus ZF axioms , basic properties ( axioms ) of the reals and the plane , some definitions from topology , and finally the statement of the Jordan curve theorem .
If the syntax is reasonable , it should be easy to write a program verifying that another stream of bytes represents a deduction of the stated theorem from the listed axioms .
Can systems like Mizar , Coq , etc , generate input for such a program ?
Can they produce proofs verifiable by cores of other systems ?
This Commodore VIC - 20 is running software from a cassette tape , has only 5 KB of RAM , and a processor that runs at 1 MHz .
Yeah , it 's vintage .
But it 's also the first VIC - 20 to tweet .
Advertisement
Using software called TweetVER ( short for Tweeting from a Vintage ComputER ) , the folks at the PC Museum will be accessing Twitter from this VIC - 20 .
You can read the first tweet on Saturday February 20th at 11 am EST by following the museum 's Twitter account .
( There appear to be some test tweets from a modern computer on the page , so disregard those . )
While we do n't think much about accessing Twitter from any one of our desktops , it should be kept in mind that the average computer today runs on about " 3000 MHz and contains 2,097,152 KB . "
This translates to about " 419,430 times the memory power and 3000 times the speed " of a VIC - 20 .
And despite all that , grandpa VIC - 20 is still ready to tweet .
[ PC Museum ]
I think we 're going to see a lot of this :
Followed by this :
o.O
AUSTRALIA'S planned population explosion will place unprecedented pressure on strained water supplies and radically change the daily lives of average citizens , experts warn .
Both state and federal political leaders plan to almost double the population in the coming decades despite calls from a growing number of academics and activists who question whether the pace can be maintained .
Australian Bureau of Statistics figures released yesterday show the nation 's population has passed the 22 million mark , and Prime Minister Kevin Rudd is advocating smashing the 35 million barrier by 2050 .
Premier Mike Rann spent much of the recent election campaign boasting South Australia had been transformed from a " rust bucket state " into one that attracts new residents in large numbers .
He has plans to swell the population of greater Adelaide by 560,000 before 2040 as a key measure to underpin long - term economic growth .
This has won backing from the Opposition and the state 's business lobby .
But Sustainable Population Australia president Sandra Kanck yesterday said the nation had failed to come to grips with the full implications of a reform agenda she said would push natural resources to breaking point .
" It is crazy to be welcoming these sorts of numbers when we have no plan of how to deal with them , " she told The Advertiser .
" We are the driest state in the driest continent and that is something that should make our decision - makers pause and reflect .
" We are living with that as the starting point , knowing with climate change it 's only going to get worse . "
Ms Kanck said the increase in housing needed to accommodate new residents would also spell the death of the backyard for many families and destroy some of the best agricultural land in the state .
" If the Government is intent on growing the population , people have to realise this can only happen with a reduction in our standard of living , " she said .
Business leaders are sounding their own warnings and say the looming mass retirement of baby boomers will leave a black hole in the workforce that must be filled .
Business SA chief executive Peter Vaughan said population growth increased vibrancy and innovation and was especially important as SA stood on the cusp of a mining boom .
" This state desperately needs critical mass in order to remain competitive in Australia , " he said .
" Skilled is a pre-requisite , but also young , of a marriageable age and preferably with children .
They are the ones who will stay and not head off to the bright lights of Sydney and Melbourne .
" It also allows us to use our domestic market to offset the vagaries of our export market when the dollar is going against us . "
Mr Vaughan said the number of working Australians supporting each welfare recipient had shrunk from 22 to five since 1965 .
He said SA faced an especially large shock as it grappled with the oldest population over 60 and the youngest under 30 in the nation .
" If we ( do ) not get population growth in this state there will be no one to fund and support the growing older population , " he said .
UNIVERSITY of Adelaide demographer Professor Graeme Hugo said Australia had not had an educated debate on population growth and called for an inquiry the likes of which has not been seen since 1971 .
" We do have to have growth , there 's no question about that , but at the same time not compromise our goal to move towards a sustainable environmental situation , " he said .
" The two sides are more or less talking past each other .
We 've got a separate environmental policy and a separate population policy .
What we need to do in Australia is to bring those two things together .
" What I 'm calling for is the possibility of having growth with sustainability .
To do that , we have to look at what trade - offs and compromises are needed . "
PROFESSOR
Hugo pointed to Japan 's declining population as evidence growth need not continue exponentially .
He said the ideal population would be stable in overall number and include an even mix of younger workers and older retirees .
He said a population inquiry would deliver scientific data that could be used to determine a sustainable total which would be maintained through a drawdown in overseas migration .
Yesterday 's ABS figures reveal a 1.3 per cent growth in SA 's population in the 12 months to September .
A spokesman for the Urban Development and Planning Minister Paul Holloway said the data showed an increase above that forecast in the short - term targets for the Government 's 30 - Year Plan .
The spokesman made clear the plan was open to review should demand or circumstances change .
" South Australia 's population growth will no doubt vary from quarter to quarter but at this early stage we remain on track to reach the targets set out in the plan , " he said .
" The 30 - Year Plan will be regularly reviewed to ensure the targets and policies are adapted in line with any changes in demographic trends . "
The global population began surging after industrialisation and is tipped to peak at about nine billion .
Originally published as Is bigger really better ?
Pardon the interruption for a moment , but there 's a big bill in the House today that could tie the hands of the Justice Department and the White House going forward .
The intelligence authorization bill is up , but Republicans will probably use a motion to recommit -- a procedural tool that the minority can put forward after all amendments have been considered -- to force a vote on whether Guantanamo detainees can be transferred to the U.S. for criminal trials , or whether the detainees would face military commissions .
( The House and Senate can influence this by the power of the purse , prohibiting funding for holding certain types of trials . )
It 's worth keeping in mind that the House affirmatively approved criminal trials for Guantanamo detainees last October in the Homeland Security Approps bill .
Sen .
Lindsay Graham has a bill that would specifically defund and prohibit the prosecution of the 9/11 defendants in a federal criminal court .
Rep. Frank Wolf ( R - VA ) has a similar proposal in the House .
Rep. Peter King ( R - NY ) has one that goes farther and would prohibit the prosecution of any Guantanamo detainee that was held there on Jan 22 , 2009 in federal criminal court .
It 's hard to see the president vetoing the Intel auth .
bill -- and the Senate seems inclined toward the Graham approach .
Already , Congress has refused to allow the president to transfer any detainees to the U.S. for anything but a criminal trial -- meaning that , for now , no detainees can be indefinitely detained within the U.S .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
BELLEVILLE , Ont. —
In a shocking turn , the commander of a Canadian Forces Base Trenton has been charged with first - degree murder in the deaths of two women whose disappearances in the fall and winter struck fear into local residents .
Col. Russell Williams , 46 , commander of 8 Wing Trenton , was arrested Sunday in connection with the deaths of Jessica Lloyd , 27 , and Cpl. Marie - France Comeau , 37 .
Police detectives working the file are now reviewing all cold cases of missing and slain women at every military posting — including Canada ’s secret base in the Middle East — at which Williams has served during his 23 - year career , the Ottawa Citizen has learned .
Williams , who lives in Tweed , northeast of Brighton and Belleville , appeared in court Monday afternoon in Belleville .
He was also charged with two counts of forcible confinement and two counts of break and enter and sexual assault relating to two home invasions .
Shackled and clad in a blue jumpsuit , he looked down for the most part , but when prompted , glanced up at the judge and said his name .
His face , according to people in the courtroom , was expressionless .
Lloyd , of Belleville , Ont. , worked at Tri-Board Student Transportation Services in Napanee , Ont .
She was reported missing Jan. 29 after she did n’t show up for work .
She last communicated with a family friend on Jan. 28 at 10:36 p.m. through text messaging .
Her body was found Monday in a secluded area near Tweed , Ont. Comeau , 38 , was found dead in her home , in nearby Brighton , Ont. , on Wednesday , Nov. 25 .
She was a military flight attendant based in Trenton .
Police are n’t saying much about what led them to Williams , except that there was a canvass of an area highway to check vehicle tracks and that pointed them to the officer .
And according to Global News , the investigation is widening to include every community where Williams has ever lived .
One of those cases is the unsolved 2001 murder of Kathleen MacVicar , 19 , which happened at CFB Trenton .
From Glace Bay , N.S. , MacVicar was staying with relatives on the base and working at a call centre in Belleville when she was found murdered on the base in June , 2001 .
She had been sexually assaulted and stabbed .
Her mother , Colleen MacVicar , said Monday night that she had been phoned by OPP officer earlier in the day and told that they were examining the case in light of the charges against Williams .
While they told her there were no obvious similarities between the the cases he has been charged with and Kathleen ’s murder , more work would be done on the case .
“ They are still looking for Kathleen ’s killer and they are keeping her in mind , ” MacVicar said , adding the call made her feel sick to her stomach and “ anxious to know if we can find a face to put to Kathleen ’s killer or not . ”
" It really has hit us hard . . . particularly the young women of the area , ” said Wendell White , a Tweed resident .
“ It ’s been devastating in a lot of ways "
At Williams ’s
Tweed home , yellow police tape was strung through a part of the mailbox bearing the names Williams and Harriman .
An OPP cruiser and an unmarked police car were parked in front of the home , where red pylons marked a path to the front door .
The area is bordered by tall pine trees with cottage - like houses overlooking an ice - covered lake dotted with fishing huts .
Neighbours Larry and Bonnie Jones said Williams and his wife had lived there about five years .
He said the couple have a place in Trenton and a new house in Ottawa where his wife , Mary Elizabeth Harriman , works for the Heart and Stroke Foundation of Canada .
The two have no children , he said , adding Williams kept to himself and did not seem to have many friends .
He said in all the time they were neighbours , they had probably spoken only 20 times .
Bonnie Jones said she sometimes took them cucumbers from her garden but they did n’t interact much .
“ They were city folks who kept to themselves , ” she said .
According to Larry Jones , police at one point considered him a suspect in the home invasions , which he said occurred at two nearby homes .
“ ( You ) would n’t believe the rumours around town . . .
Wife getting calls , ‘ How does it feel to live with a murderer ? ’ ” he said .
He said he was detained for questioning and believes he was under police surveillance for weeks .
“ I told them they were barking up the wrong tree , ” he said .
“ They wasted weeks . . . never questioned ( Williams ) . . . because he ’s untouchable . ”
The Rivers family , which lives nearby , said Monday ’s arrest has quelled some of the anxiety that had been prevalent over the last few months .
“ There was fear all over this neighbourhood . ” said Clifford Rivers , 84 .
“ It was a very quiet neighbourhood .
I ’ve had a cottage here for 50 years and nothing had ever happened . ”
“ I think everybody is relieved , ” said his wife Muriel .
“ They ( residents of this community ) just found out today .
Some people are more fearful of the situation than we were but who knows , ” added Clifford Rivers .
Harriman is taking an extended leave from her position in Ottawa as associate executive director at the Heart and Stroke Foundation to deal with the situation .
“ She is one of our most beloved staff , ” said spokeswoman Eileen Melnick - McCarthy .
“ She is taking an extended leave to focus on family matters and we continue to support her . ”
Williams , who assumed command of 8 Wing Trenton last July , joined the military in 1987 .
Among previous postings , he was formerly a member of 412 ( Transport ) Squadron in Ottawa , a position that involved flying VIPs on a government Challenger jet .
Neighbours in Tweed said they heard he had flown prime ministers including Jean Chretien .
A spokesman for Defence Minister Peter MacKay had little to say Monday .
“ These are serious charges and a minister of the Crown would never comment on a criminal matter , ” he said .
Williams was at CFB Shearwater , near Halifax , in the early 1990s but local police said they had not , as of yet , been contacted by authorities in Ontario to assist in the Williams investigation .
Capt .
Paul Finnemore , media relations officer at the Shearwater airbase , said the news of Williams ’ arrest " was news to us today as well . "
He said " there ’s nothing out of the ordinary going on here today related to his arrest .
It was a long time ago that he was here . "
CFB
Trenton is the main hub of military air transport in Canada , with operations that include the response to the Haiti earthquake , resupply of the Afghan mission and support of RCMP security operations at the Winter Olympics in Vancouver .
Chief of Air Staff Lt.- Gen.
Andre Deschamps said that , in light of the seriousness of the charges and the high - level responsibilities that go with to the position of wing commander , an interim commander will be appointed .
“ As chief of the air staff , I take very seriously all allegations of service or criminal offences against one of our members , ” Deschamps said in a statement .
He said a review will be initiated by 1 Canadian Air Division , in Winnipeg , to determine the appropriate action to take regarding Williams , pending the outcome of his civilian court proceedings .
“ The air force is fully supporting civilian authorities in the conduct of the current matter , ” he added .
Maj. - Gen . Yvan Blondin , the Winnipeg - based commander of 1 Canadian Air Division who commands the operational arms of all 12 Air Force wings , addressed personnel Monday afternoon .
“ Today we ’re shocked by the connection made to a leader in our air force , ” said Blondin .
“ I can not speak to any aspect of the investigative process or the charges . ”
Blondin , who said he met with as many members of the wing as he could on short notice , called Trenton the busiest wing in Canada , pivotal in co-ordinating domestic search - and - rescue operations and foreign missions .
“ My priority is our people , the men and women of 8 Wing Trenton , and to enable them to carry on with critical missions at home , ” he said .
“ These operations must and will continue , and they will continue safely .
“ It is untenable for ( Williams ) to act as commander 8 Wing at this time , ” he added .
Deschamps , meanwhile , said he is confident that “ air force personnel at 8
Wing will carry on with their duties , displaying the usual level of professionalism and sense of duty that they have always shown in the past .
We will ensure that the wing leadership and personnel are supported throughout this difficult period .
This situation affects us all and I wish to extend my deepest sympathies to the families of those affected by these tragic events . ”
Retired colonel Alain Pellerin is the executive director of the Conference of Defence Associations Institute and served in the army for 36 years .
He said he had never heard of such a “ strange ” case .
He compared notes with fellow long - serving military friends Monday .
“ If you look at his ( record ) and his career , he had good prospects for the future , ” he said .
As the base commander at Trenton , the only air transport base that we have in Canada , one would think he would have a good future .
So it ’s difficult to explain what happened . ”
6 years ago today , Flickr launched at eTech in San Diego .
Team Flickr would like to thank you all for your incredible generosity — in the billions of photos and video you share daily , to the tens of thousands of groups you ’ve created and participate in .
Without you , Flickr would be a very white site with little colour .
You are the heart of the Flickrverse .
Happy Birthday !
As with previous years , we ’ll be hosting a birthday party here in San Francisco within the coming months .
Stay tuned for details as we get our ducks in a row .
Photo from Caterina .
Preheat the oven to 350 °F .
Lightly grease ( or line with parchment ) a 9 " x 13 " pan .
To make the squares :
In a medium - sized mixing bowl , whisk together the flour , ginger , allspice , salt , baking soda , and crystallized ginger .
In a separate bowl , stir together the molasses , eggs , brown sugar , and butter .
Combine the wet and dry ingredients , beating until smooth .
Perfect your technique Blog Raising the bar : Sticky Ginger Squares By PJ Hamel
Spread the batter in the prepared pan , and set it aside .
To make the streusel topping : Using a pastry blender , electric mixer , or your fingers , mix together the flour , butter , salt , and brown sugar until it 's fairly well - blended ; some chunks of butter can remain .
Mix in the crystallized ginger .
Bake the squares for 15 minutes .
Sprinkle on the streusel , and bake an additional 30 minutes , until the streusel is a deep , golden brown .
[ Submitted to 911 Blogger via email - LW ]
Report from Boston
The Peace Movement versus the 9/11 Truth movement
by Barrie Zwicker
What goes with the “ split ” between the anti-war movement and the 9/11 Truth movement ?
Some light was shed on this regrettable reality in Boston the weekend of Jan. 30 - 31 , 2010 .
On Saturday New England United ( NEU ) , an umbrella group , held an anti-war strategy conference .
The next day Northeast 9/11 Truth held its strategy conference , in part an analysis of the previous day ’s events .
As both a lifelong member of the peace movement , and a committed 9/11 Truther , I attended all of the Saturday conference where I was a workshop leader , and the first half of the Sunday conference ( having to leave early because of travel arrangements ) .
My main points :
1 ) There is a split but it has not been initiated , nor is it maintained , by members of the 9/11 Truth movement .
Truthers stand just as proudly and tall in their opposition to war as anyone in the peace movement .
Truthers also are just as fully dedicated to the goals of justice , equality and environmentalism as are anti-war activists .
2 ) The split is unilateral from the anti-war movement ’s side , especially from leaders and organizers .
Those at the grassroots level trust and take their cues from the leaders .
The result is a widespread attitude toward 9/11 Truth that ranges from scepticism to outright hostility .
This is why I choose the heading “ The Peace Movement versus the 9/11 Truth Movement . ”
3 ) A leading cause of the unilateral split is the work of planted agents of the state – spooks -- whose instructions are to do this splitting .
The Chinese call such agents “ splittists . ”
The peace movement has been around for decades , so there ’s been loads of time for the national security state to install numerous agents within it .
Added to their usual instructions to slyly foment divisiveness within peace groups and derail effective anti-war actions are new orders to combat the dynamic truth movement .
Point 3 is tough , I know .
But it ’s an issue that must be confronted and in no way should be taken as an across - the - board slam at all members of the peace movement .
I am not alone in my assessment .
At the Sunday Truthers conference the first topic was “ How explain the resistance to 9/11 Truth in the peace movement ? ”
Paul Zarembka , Professor of Economics at the University of Buffalo and editor of The Hidden History of 9/11 , offered four reasons .
His first : “ agents and gatekeepers among us . ” Sander Hicks , author of The Big Wedding : 9/11 , the Whistleblowers , and the Cover - Up , offered seven reasons .
His first : “ The state , COINTELPRO . ”
Of course , activities by state infiltrators do not completely explain the split .
Other reasons include fears of all kinds , ignorance of history , a powerful culture of militaristic nationalism in the USA and the largest reason everywhere , the treasonous complicity of corporate mainstream media and almost all so - called alternative media .
They conspire in de facto censorship , deliberate avoidance of investigative reporting plus psychological warfare against the Truth movement .
These explanations for denial of or hostility to 9/11 Truth also apply to the population at large and across issues .
Peter Phillips is a professor of sociology at Sonoma State University in California , president of the Media Freedom Foundation / Project Censored and serves on the 9/11 Truth steering committee .
Phillips and Mickey Huff in a recent article state : “ An international truth emergency , now in evidence , is the result of a lack of fact based , transparent , and truthful reporting on fraudulent elections , compromised 9/11 investigations , illegal pre-emptive wars , compounded by top down corporate media propaganda across the spectrum on public issues . ”
They add : “ Consumers of corporate news media — especially those whose understandings are framed primarily from that medium alone — are embedded in a state of excited delirium of knowinglessness . ”
In my estimation the black operations of government moles are a key reason for the malfeasance of the media as well as the main explanation for the peace movement ’s antagonism against 9/11 Truth .
The undoubted existence of undercover operatives and agents provocateurs has not been discussed nearly to the extent justified .
A major elevation of this topic is ‘ way overdue .
Followers in the anti-war movement “ do not realize , ” as Paul Craig Roberts wrote Sept. 15th , 2009 , in Information Clearing House , “ that by accepting the [ government ’s ] 9/11 explanation they have undermined their own opposition to the war .
Once you accept that Muslim terrorists did it , it is difficult to oppose punishing them for the event .
[ Anti-war activists ] do not understand that if you grant the government its premise for war , it is impossible to oppose the war . ”
It ’s tough to prove agentry .
Agents do not “ out ” themselves .
Covert activity is their game .
Deception and betrayal are their tools .
Other approaches , however , are available to spot spooks .
“ By their fruits ye shall know them ” is helpful .
When ostensible peaceniks committed to peace and democracy engage in name - calling , we are entitled to ask whether they are simply individuals lacking civility and self - control , or are individuals deliberately causing tensions .
When those who “ study peace ” have had eight years to invest just an hour or two looking into the overwhelming evidence that the official conspiracy theory of 9/11 cannot possibly be true , and have failed to do so , we are entitled to theorize beyond the explanation that we are simply “ puzzled . ”
When members of the peace movement avow that they are committed to truth , justice and peace but fail in their commitment to truth in connection with 9/11 -- arguably the most pivotal war - triggering event of modern times – we ’re entitled to question the authenticity of their commitment .
It would be insulting to explain their shortcoming as due to stupidity .
And if the explanation is ignorance , after eight years during which all persons interested in current affairs must have encountered evidence of 9/11 Truth , it must be in most cases some variation of wilful ignorance .
Consider how easy it is for agents of the state to operate .
First , the state has virtually unlimited resources for recruiting , training and deploying agents .
Second , agents have no legal or moral restraints .
They act with complete impunity .
( It ’s gratifying that there now is an International Coalition Against Impunity , www.icaihokok.org).
Volunteer organizations are easy as pie to infiltrate .
All it takes is a trained sneak with a believable “ legend ” to lie his or her way into the confidence of the group .
The world of “ guerrilla marketing ” provides examples of the ease with which groups can be manipulated .
A vodka company identifies heavy vodka drinkers -- those who already drink their brand and others they entice to try it .
The drinkers are all friends together .
The heavy users are “ opinion leaders . ”
By their drink orders at bars they are “ role models ” who trigger others to order the same brand they do .
It ’s called peer group pressure .
Even more effective is a conscious agent following sophisticated instructions in swaying a peer group .
There was an illuminating lead - up to the conference of New England United .
Only after months - long effective lobbying by an indefatigable member of Northeast 9/11 Truth did NEU organizers agree that a person identified with the 9/11 Truth movement could be one of four panelists in the afternoon .
This was Peter Dale Scott , former Canadian diplomat , an English professor at the University of California in Berkeley and author of The Road to 9/11 .
Scott , whose work I much admire , in fact has drawn short of fully recognizing and endorsing the voluminous evidence that 9/11 was an inside job .
Nevertheless , his acceptance at an anti-war gathering in 2010 was generally agreed to be a “ breakthrough . ”
It turned out that he had to cancel scant days before , as his wife took seriously ill .
The Northeast Truthers proposed that , should an attempt to have Scott address the NEU conference by video - over - Skype fail , that I be the stand - in .
The organizers rejected me ( believe me , this account is not motivated by sour grapes ) on the basis , after alleged “ extensive research , ” of my alleged “ extreme rightwing ” views and my alleged long and close association with historian and writer Webster Tarpley .
He in turn was identified only as a LaRouchite .
For anyone who knows me this description was bizarrely incorrect .
If news of my “ extreme rightwing views ” reaches the Mounties it will puzzle the hell out of them .
As it turned out Scott ’s addressing the audience in Boston from California via Skype worked .
Relevant to this report , he made this comment : “ This brings us to 9/11 . [ … ] before the last plane had crashed in Pennsylvania , the White House authorized the institution of so - called Continuity of Government [ COG ] changes .
There is no doubt that COG was introduced – the 9/11 Report confirms it twice , on pages 38 and 326 .
And I have little doubt that the COG plans , still in force today under president Obama , are the justification for the surveillance agents who are with you in the room as I speak to you at this moment . ”
The 300 or so attendees at the NEU conference studiously avoided the 9/11 Truth literature table .
Book sales are a key indicator of interest .
I sold three of the 20 copies I had brought of my book Towers of Deception : The Media Cover - Up of 9/11 ( fortunately the rest sold to Truthers the next day ) .
Other Truther materials similarly were mainly passed by .
After the speakers of the Saturday morning panel had been heard , the floor was opened for questions .
The first questioner was a young man in a green tee shirt .
I ’d say he was a plant .
With reference to nothing any of the panelists had said , he claimed to be “ disturbed ” by “ the logic ” of the 9/11 Truth movement , and asked the panelists what they thought .
Glen Ford of the Glen Ford Black Agenda ( radio ) Report responded that “ the inside job [ theory ] does n’t fly ” and that “ we have all the dirt on what they [ the oligarchy ] [ has ] already done . ”
This garnered a great deal of enthusiastic applause , accompanied by a few boos .
The next day Sander Hicks reported a conversation he had subsequently with Ford , who told him that he answered the question the way he did “ out of deference to the organizers . ”
Nevertheless , the workshop session entitled “ Covert and False Flag Operations and 9/11 : Pretext for the Continuing War on Terror ” was standing room only with about 65 in attendance .
My poll of those attending showed that only two believed the official 9/11 story .
All the others raised their hands for “ inside job . ”
At the Sunday Northeast Truthers conference Hicks suggested that part of the reason for peace movement members ’ antagonism to 9/11 Truth is that they know they are the “ fading sunset left ” who have “ lost the passion , ” whereas the Truther movement is fresh and passionate .
Along the same line of thought Frank Tolopko , producer of the bi-weekly radio program “ The 9/11 Report ” on WBCR in Great Barrington , Mass .
suggested a fundamental reason that a left gatekeeper such as Amy Goodman would reject 9/11 Truth is that she is promoting “ a concept of bourgeois democracy that is over . ”
As I quoted Chris Hedges from his new book Empire of Illusion : the US form of governance has become “ participatory fascism . ”
Goodman takes foundation money to promote democracy now on Democracy Now .
Said Tolopko :
“ If the system ca n’t be reformed , if 9/11 is an inside job , then she ’s out of a job .
Goodman is terrified . ”
Alphonse Olszewski of St. Louis , Missouri , founder of Veterans for 9/11 Truth , knows the power of naming .
One contribution he ’s made to anti-splittism is renaming his group Veterans for 9/11 Truth , Peace and Justice .
There can not be peace without justice and there cannot be justice without truth .
Anything that underscores the primacy of truth , in my view , is to the good .
And anything that builds bridges of common understanding and respect between people of peace who understand the significance of the fraudulent nature of 9/11 and people of peace who have not yet connected that dot to the anti-war dot is to the good .
I was gratified to see somewhere over the weekend that the admonition “ speak truth to power ” is outdated , because “ power never listens . ”
The suggested update : “ Challenge Power With Truth . ”
For those members of the peace movement who are sincere , think for themselves , and are open , I ca n’t recommend too highly a videotape of a short talk given by Graeme MacQueen at the “ We Demand Transparency ” conference organized by Sander Hicks in New York City Sept. 12 and 13 of 2009 .
MacQueen is an associate professor in the Religious Studies Department and in Hamilton and former director of McMaster ’s Centre for Peace Studies .
In concluding his talk , addressed to “ not just people in the peace movement but everybody , ” he said : “ This is the worst time in history to inflame societies with the spirit of war ; it is the worst time to be taken in by fraudulent trigger incidents , the most important time to reject the war system , and to co-operate with the rest of humanity to solve the grave ecological problems we face , which collectively threaten our civilization . ”
He went on to quote the testimony of a New York fireman , Kenneth Rogers .
Rogers testified he looked directly at the collapsing towers on 9/11 , hearing explosions and seeing evidence of them .
“ The reasons he saw things the others did n’t see , ” MacQueen said , “ is because he did n’t leave the scene and he did n’t turn his head away .
He stood there and he looked at it and that ’s all I ’m asking members of the peace movement to do .
Stop turning your head away ; do n’t flee the scene .
Look at it , please . ”
The video can be found at http://www.boston911truth.org
David Cameron said Labour had failed the poorest in society The Tories have been attacked as " out of touch " for wrongly claiming more than half of girls in the most deprived areas get pregnant before they turn 18 .
The party said the conception rate for this age group in the 10 most disadvantaged areas of England was 54 % , while the real figure was 5.4 % .
Labour accused the Conservatives of using " smears and distortions " .
But the Tories said the misplacing of a decimal point made " no difference " to claims Labour had let down the poor .
The pregnancy figure was given in a 20 - page dossier , published on Sunday , attacking the government for allowing the creation of " two nations " - the wealthy and the impoverished .
' Deception '
In response , Labour said the correct figure of 5.4 % represented a fall from 6 % in 1998 .
Children 's Secretary Ed Balls said the " dodgy " figures were an insult to communities and called on the Tories to withdraw the document .
The party that prides itself on fairness has delivered the very opposite
Tory leader David Cameron
He said : " David Cameron 's latest deception and airbrushed statistics cannot conceal the fact that the Tories have n't changed .
" They are totally out of touch and have nothing to say on the important issue of reducing teenage pregnancies except smears and distortions . "
House of Commons leader Harriet Harman told the BBC : " You would have thought that someone [ in the Conservative Party ] would have thought ' Surely there 's something wrong about this ' .
" They are so out of touch .
Someone junior made a mistake and no - one picked it up . "
' Let down ' The Liberal Democrats ' chief of staff , Danny Alexander , said : " The Tories seem to think that half our teenagers are pregnant , our cities are like The Wire and that people will get married for a few extra quid .
" If they really believe Britain is like this , it 's remarkable that Conservative MPs can pluck up the courage to leave their houses .
" They should lower their drawbridges , spend less time tending their moats and duck houses , and join the rest of us in the real world . "
But a Conservative Party spokesman said : " A decimal point was left out in a calculation .
" It makes no difference at all to the conclusions of a wide - ranging report which shows that Labour have consistently let down the poorest in Britain . "
On Monday Tory leader Mr Cameron and party chairman Eric Pickles launched a poster campaign designed to reach out to voters who would not usually vote Conservative .
In the foreword to the " Two Nations " document , Mr Cameron said : " Labour 's great claim is that they are ' for the many , not the few ' .
" That rings hollow today .
This report exposes the truth : after 13 years in government , the party that prides itself on fairness has delivered the very opposite .
Labour have failed the poorest in our society . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Other colleges do not explicitly ask for videos , but most accept whatever students choose to submit .
Dartmouth College admissions staff recently discontinued paper applications and began reading everything on their computers , making it easier to click on Internet links to videos , blogs , and personal websites that more students are now including .
“ It ’s just one more thread we get to knit into the student ’s story , ’’ Coffin said .
“ The video might be great , but if you ’re a C student , you ’re still not getting in . ’’
The videos are judged as one part of a whole picture , with a student ’s academic record still weighing the most , Coffin said .
Production value will not be a factor , nor will public comments be considered in the admissions team ’s decision , he said .
What counts , he said , is creativity and wit , something that shows a student ’s voice or talent - that can answer , “ What spark do they bring to the class ? ’’
Of this year ’s 15,436 applicants to Tufts , more than 6 percent submitted a video .
“ There ’s just this little moment of transparency , ’’ Coffin said .
“ It ’s easy to forget that there ’s a 17 - year - old at the other end of this , and these videos are a very real reminder that these are high school seniors .
They are goofy and they ’re sweet and they ’re still figuring things out . ’’
Lee Coffin , Tufts ’ dean of admissions , says the clips showcase a cre ativity and personality that would be hard to convey on paper .
The idea is part of an effort begun by the university in 2006 to evaluate aspects of applicants ’ intelligence not reflected in SAT scores and grades .
Downs ’s video , for example , has drawn more than 6,000 viewers , earning her a moniker , “ math dance girl . ’’
One of her fans wrote : “ Current polls hold that math dance girl must come to Tufts .
Otherwise people might transfer in protest . ’’
And in a strange melding of the once - private college applications process with the openness of the Internet , the videos , posted to YouTube , have generated a surprise following among Tufts students and alumni , who are posting comments campaigning for their favorites .
Tufts University this year has become the first selective college in the nation to encourage applicants to submit videos about themselves .
More than 1,000 high school seniors have included one - minute video essays in their bids for a spot in the Class of 2014 .
Amelia Downs performs a series of dorky dance moves named after math terms like the scatter plot and the bar graph .
Sam Zuckert plays a song made solely from the sounds of a piece of paper ripping , crumpling , and waving in the wind .
And then there ’s Mike Klinker , using a remote control to fly a Styrofoam elephant - with his name on it - through a clearing in the woods .
Harvard College has for decades asked students to submit any supplementary materials - art portfolios , manuscripts , music recordings , and films - that display exceptional talent .
But Harvard ’s admissions dean frets that video applications may give an unfair edge to students from affluent families .
“ Students from families with substantial financial resources are in a better position to provide such materials , so that ’s something we have to be very careful with , ’’ said William Fitzsimmons , Harvard ’s dean of admissions and financial aid .
But Coffin said more than 60 percent of the videos reviewed by the college so far were submitted by applicants for financial aid .
“ Access to video capabilities - via computers or cellphones , even - among teenagers is almost universal , ’’ he said .
Many of the videos are rather simple scenes - little more than a student talking into the camera on a computer .
Others are highly edited with story lines and soundtracks .
“ Some of the best videos are rather crude or simple in terms of their production values but they feature an appealing narrative or clever conceit that introduces us , more deeply , to an individual student , ’’ Coffin said .
Amir Mosallaie , a high school senior from Pasadena , Calif. , produced an animated short featuring a stick figure walking through the milestones of life .
Images of a pacifier , teddy bear , school bus , pencil , movie camera , and a diploma fall upon the him as he grows taller .
It ends with an airplane - a scene Mosallaie says makes his mother tear up each time she watches - and the Tufts sign .
Mosallaie has been accepted early decision - news he announced to supporters in the public comments below his video - and plans to major in English at Tufts with a minor in film studies .
The video option gave him an opportunity to stand out , he said , because his grades , while decent , are not at the top of his class .
It also helped him decide that Tufts was the college for him .
“ I was looking for a creative environment and if the university is asking students to submit a one - minute video , that ’s pretty much as creative as you can get in the application process , ’’ he said .
Downs , whose best friend filmed her in a playground near her Charlotte , N.C. , home , performed the dances she made up in calculus class last year .
“ I am here to show you how I combine two of my favorite things : being a nerd , and dancing , ’’ the 18 - year - old tells the admissions committee on camera .
Dressed in shorts and a T - shirt , Downs then proceeds to spin on one leg to illustrate “ volume of a solid of revolution on the Y - axis ’ ’ and moonwalks with her arms undulating up and down for the “ sin and cos graph . ’’
The moves impressed one Tufts student so much that Downs was invited by a posting to join the Tufts Dance Collective - if she gets in .
Anyone with an Internet connection can call up the videos by searching for “ Tufts application ’ ’ on YouTube .
And plenty of applicants , already accustomed to publicizing their lives via Facebook and other social media , admit to scoping out the competition online .
“ It ’s a little bit embarrassing , ’’ Downs said , acknowledging that she did n’t expect strangers to be commenting on her college application .
The videos and other application supplements - like using an 8.5 - by - 11 - inch sheet of paper to create something - help colleges assess applicants ’ creativity , wisdom , and practical skills , said Robert Sternberg , dean of the Tufts School of Arts and Sciences .
Applicants who are strong in those areas tend to have higher freshmen GPAs and participate in more extracurricular , leadership and citizenship activities in college , he said .
“ People worried that this is flaky and we ’ll start getting dumb clucks , but that ’s not true , ’’ said Sternberg , the author of the forthcoming book , “ Admissions for the 21st Century . ’’
Tufts , hoping to build a class of 1,275 freshmen , will issue its admissions decisions March 30 .
Downs , the math - dance girl , joked that if she does not get in , she will rouse her newfound fan base .
“ I can stage a rebellion , ’’ she said .
Tracy Jan can be reached at tjan@globe.com .
© Copyright 2011 Globe Newspaper Company .
Special equipment : Make this soup in ovenproof soup crocks .
A propane torch is a very handy - dandy piece of equipment , especially if your stove is not the greatest .
Nearly all professional kitchens have them ; they ’re not very expensive and they can be used for a variety of sneaky tasks , such as easily caramelizing the top of crème brûlée or toasting meringues .
Half - assed alternative : Your broiler sucks .
Your oven is n’t much better .
Ca n’t find those ovenproof crocks anywhere .
And you ai n’t ponying up for a damn propane torch , ‘ cause your kid ’s got pyromaniac tendencies .
You can simply toast cheese over the croutons on a sheet pan , and float them as garnish on the soup .
Not exactly classic — but still good .
Game plan :
You ’ll need to make the bouquet garni before you begin .
Error -
This is a list of what has happened / what has gone wrong !
At the beginning of February someone made a Facebook fan page and called it Can this pickle get more fans than Nickleback ?
Within 3 weeks , the page had achieved it ’s goal , reaching nearly 1.5 million fans .
Â
This is an email that was sent from Chad Kroeger to the creator of the group .
Let ’s just hope the suits at FB understand how awful Nickleback is .
Liquid Nitrogen in a Microwave !
What happens when the world 's most beloved cryogenic liquid meets one of the most common household appliances ?
Find out when we try to microwave liquid nitrogen !
Announcer : Frostbite Theater presents ...
Cold Cuts !
No baloney !
Joanna and Steve : Just science !
Joanna : Hi ! I'm Joanna !
Steve : And I'm Steve !
Joanna :
A little while ago we received an email from Star of the Sea Catholic School in Virginia Beach , Virginia , asking what happens when you place liquid nitrogen in a microwave .
Well , I just happen to have some liquid nitrogen !
Steve :
And I just happen to have a microwave !
Joanna : Let 's find out !
Steve : Okay , so this is how this is going to work .
I have two cups of water and Joanna 's going to get two cups of liquid nitrogen .
We 're going to place one cup of water and one cup of nitrogen into the microwave and then blast them on high for one minute .
We 'll then take the cups out and compare them to the ones that stayed outside the microwave .
Before we get started we 'll go ahead and measure the temperature .
And both cups of water are at about seventy degrees Fahrenheit .
The nitrogen , though , is too cold for me to measure with this thermometer .
But we can tell that , since they 're boiling , they 're both about three hundred twenty one degrees below zero and we can also tell there 's about the same amount of nitrogen in each cup .
So , if we 're ready , we 'll go ahead , load 'em up , set the timer , and away we go !
Okay , time 's up !
The cups of water still look alike , but the one that was in the microwave is now about a hundred and forty degrees Fahrenheit whereas the one that stayed outside is still about seventy .
The nitrogen , still too low to read , but they 're still both boiling , so they 're still the same temperature .
And they still have about the same amount of nitrogen in each cup .
So that means the nitrogen that was inside the microwave did n't boil any faster than the one that was outside the microwave .
So the water was able to absorb energy from the microwaves , but the nitrogen did n't .
Why is that ?
Joanna : Water molecules are polar molecules .
That means that they have a positive end and a negative end .
Because they 're polar , they respond to electric fields .
The rapidly changing electric fields created by a microwave cause the water molecule to jitter about .
The faster they jitter about , the hotter they become .
Nitrogen , however , is non-polar .
This means that they do not respond , or are largely unaffected by , microwaves .
The microwave passes through the liquid nitrogen as if it was n't even there .
Steve :
So , to answer the question " What happens when you try to microwave liquid nitrogen ? "
Joanna and Steve : Nothing !
Joanna :
Thanks for watching !
I hope you 'll join us again soon for another experiment !
Steve :
Hot chocolate ?
Joanna : Cold chocolate !
Steve : Cold chocolate ?!
Oh , my !
Joanna : Taste it !
Steve : No !
Joanna : Taste it !
Steve : No !
Joanna :
It 's very tasty !
Steve : Okay ...
Joanna : Taste it !
Steve : No !!
Moral & Legal Support Testimonial Dear Michael , [ ] and Staff , I would like to thank all of you for your moral and legal support .
We appreciate all the time and effort you donated to helping my daughter and our family through this terrible ordeal .
Thank you does n't seem to say enough , your patience with my daughter 's state of mind which took an extra mile .
Please know we could not have had this outcome if it had not been for all your research in finding the right doctors to aid her defense .
I know it will be a very long recovery process for my daughter , hopefully on day she will be able to forgive herself for the loss of her daughter .
Thank you for giving her the opportunity to get the help she will need in the mental hospital .
Thank you for all your patience in explaining the legal system to me and the extra shoulder to cry on .
Please know that we feel your team gave 100 % to give us a little light for the end of the tunnel .
This has been an unexpected and tragic loss to our family .
Dealing with the loss of our granddaughter , the fear of the loss of our daughter as we knew her and the unbelievable circumstance that surrounded the situation was and still is overwhelming .
In these times there are not many people who would give their time and heart to help others financially .
Your firm was there when we did n't know where to turn and where to begin .
I believe that ... is with the angels and she guided us to you .
Again thank you just is n't enough and I will never forget your kindness .
To all of you , for all you have done , Thank you !
- ,
<<< NEWS FROM THE LAB - Friday , March 5 , 2010 >>>
ARCHIVES | SEARCH
The Morphing PDF Posted by Response @ 07:00 GMT
Just when we thought SEO using Flash was as interesting as SEO poisoning can get , it seems it 's getting even sneakier …
Imagine a PDF file posted by someone evil online .
Of course , Google being Google , the file is recognized as a PDF .
And when we open it , it really is a PDF .
No evil codes inside , just a good old vanilla PDF file .
Three hours later …
Google still says the file is a PDF .
Brod ( one of our geeky guys here ) is attributing this to Google 's cache .
But is it really a PDF this time around ?
It morphed !
And it even has different topics this time .
Topics which , when you follow them , will lead you to another PDF :
At least for a few hours before it becomes …
It 's a vicious cycle , but a pretty neat trick .
Who would suspect a non-malicious PDF file right ?
At least before it becomes an HTML file .
And the end result is a rogue antivirus scam .
Response post by — Christine and Mina
Comedy Central ’s Jon Stewart took out the red siren Wednesday night while introducing viewers to “ Health - Con 1 : The Mediscarening . ”
As health care negotiations wind down , Stewart observed , opponents have been going over the top with their closing arguments .
“ It is a flea infested , tick infested , parasite infected , special interested infected wet smelly dog , ” Rep. Mario Diaz - Balart ( R - FL ) said Tuesday .
ADVERTISEMENT
Rep. Louie Gohmert ( R - TX ) held up the bill at an anti-health reform rally and called it “ an abortion . ”
Speaking on the House Floor , Gohmert said , “ This should not be passed by anyone unless they eat it . ”
Democrats are also going to great lengths to get the bill passed .
House leaders are considering a move called “ deem and pass ” that would approve the Senate ’s version of the bill without a direct vote on it .
“ That ’s a legislative move ?
That sounds like a drug mule move , ” observed Stewart .
“ Here is what we ’re going to do .
We ’re going to take the health care reform bill and we ’re going to put it in a condom and shove it up your a** .
You are going to shave your mustache , dress up like a nun , you walk across the border , take a laxative and 12 minutes later , everybody gets insurance ! ”
Stewart explained .
While anti-health reform activists planned protests at the Capitol and around the country , one news network seems to be doing more than their part to encourage opponents .
Capitol
Hill phone lines are jammed and “ you never will guess who patient zero is in the viral outbreak , ” said Stewart .
Fox News personalities are taking sides and actively encouraging viewers to call Congress .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ I suggest you call , e-mail , write members of Congress , ” Fox News host Mike Huckabee urged viewers .
“ To make it easy for you , what we ’ve done is provide a simple link .
You can go to callcongressnow.com , ” he added .
“ Keep calling until they answer . ”
Viewers should “ pick up their phone and call their member of Congress today , ” said Fox contributor Dana Perino .
Dick Morris went on the conservative network to advertise “ a list of Congressmen to call for swing voters to get them to vote against it ” at his website .
ADVERTISEMENT
For all the Fox News viewers who ca n’t think for themselves , Stewart had a suggestion .
“ And if you do n’t know what to say , hold the phone up to the television and we ’ll take care of it for you , ” he said .
This is n’t the first time Fox has been caught trying to cheer on health care reform opponents .
In September of 2009 , a Fox News producer was caught giving stage directions to a crowd of protesters .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ I guess it was n’t enough for Fox News to promote the hell out of Glenn Beck ’s 9/12 death march – they also needed to incite the crowd – you know , get them nice and pumped up so they ’d looked good for the cameras , ” Karl Frisch writes at MediaMatters .
“ Fair & Balanced ?
More like Fake & Staged . ”
“ Although this video provides a clear - cut example of Fox propaganda in action , the only thing truly shocking about it is that it wo n’t wake up real journalists to the fact that just about every single thing you see on Fox is manufactured , ” writes Jed Lewinson at DailyKos .
“ They are an infotainment channel for conservatives , not a real media outlet . ”
This video is from Comedy Central ’s The Daily Show , broadcast March 17 , 2010 .
Feb. 2 , 2010  -- South Carolina first lady Jenny Sanford recalls how she made the " leap of faith " to marry husband Gov. Mark Sanford even though the groom refused to promise to be faithful , insisting that the clause be removed from their wedding vows .
" It bothered me to some extent , but ... we were very young , we were in love , " she said in an exclusive interview with Barbara Walters to air on " 20/20 " Friday .
" I questioned it , but I got past it ... along with other doubts that I had . "
Sanford and her marriage were thrust into the national spotlight in June 2009 when her husband admitted that he had been secretly visiting his longtime lover in Argentina instead of hiking the Appalachian Trail , as he had told his staff .
Sanford learned of her husband 's infidelity in January 2009 , before the scandal broke .
After 20 years of marriage , she moved out of the governor 's mansion with the couple 's four children in August and filed for divorce in December .
Following the ordeal of the last year , Sanford penned a memoir called " Staying True , " a chronicle of her marriage to the governor , which will be released Friday .
Sanford , a former investment banker and Georgetown alumna , was 27 when she married Mark Sanford .
" I was a little bit surprised and maybe frankly a tiny bit disappointed that Jenny was willing to subvert herself to somebody who , frankly I did n't think was as capable as she was , " Steve Rattner , her boss at the time , at the top investment bank Lazard Freres , told Walters .
After their November 1989 wedding , the newlyweds moved to Charleston , S.C. , where she discovered her husband was extremely frugal -- even " cheap . "
Sanford said her husband gave her less than romantic gifts for her birthday .
" He drew me a picture of a half a bike , and then for the next birthday or Christmas I got the picture of the other half a bike , and then he delivered the $ 25 used bike , " she recalled .
For another birthday , Mark Sanford gave her a diamond necklace , which she adored , but then he took it back .
Sanford on Marriage : ' Not a Fiery Romantic Marriage '
Sanford told Walters that her husband 's frugality did n't bother her .
" Once I came to understand that it really was deep - seeded in him ... it did n't bother me so much , " Sanford said .
" That 's who he is .
And is n't that one of the delicious challenges that you find in marriage ?
That you have to get to understand what makes somebody else tick in some respects ? "
Despite his thrift , Mark Sanford was a loving , affectionate husband she said .
" We did lots of things together , everything from playing tennis to walking in the woods , to planting trees .
He was very affectionate .
...
We enjoyed one another 's company , " she said .
" I would 've described our marriage as not a fiery romantic marriage , necessarily , but , but a very good , steady , solid , supportive marriage . "
" I thought he loved me in his own way , which is not a warm , bubbly way , " she said .
Jenny Sanford Learns of Affair
One day her world came shattering down when Sanford said she found a letter in her husband 's desk , which made it clear to her that he was " having a sexual relationship " with 43 - year - old Argentine businesswoman Maria Belen Chapur .
" I was literally stunned , " she said .
" I just showed him the letter , and said , ' Can you tell me about this ?
Are you seeing her ?
What is this ?'
And he said , ' It 's nothing , it 's nothing , I 'll end it .' ...
And then we sat down , and he told me he was having an affair with this woman .
It was incredibly painful for me . "
Sanford said she gave her husband a chance to explain himself and decided to keep the affair a secret , hinging on his promises to end his relationship and change .
" My first gut instinct was to forgive him , not , not to kick him out .
But , I told him immediately that I wanted to reconcile , that I would forgive him , but that it had to be over , and the marriage had to be much better .
I was n't going to go back to more of the same , " she said .
Governor Begs Wife to Let Him Visit Lover
Sanford said she was in the dark about the depth of his devotion .
Even after Sanford learned of her husband 's unfaithfulness , she said the governor pleaded with her to stay with him , but also begged for permission to visit Chapur , whom he called his " soul mate . "
" I could never have imagined this .
I mean , I could never have even made this up .
It never occurred to me that this person I knew , who was actually a fairly grounded person , would be asking me something so morally offensive , " Sanford said .
" He said , ' Why , why ca n't you just give me permission ? '
I said , ' Well , why would I give you permission ?
I mean , who , who gives their spouse permission to go see their lover ? ' "
Sanford said her husband thought giving him the OK to see Chapur was a testament to her love , which she called a string of twisted logic .
" He said to me at one point , ' Why do n't you just love me . '
And I said , ' Well , that 's not love .
I mean , love has a responsibility , ' " she said .
Sanford eventually gave in and Mark Sanford flew to New York with a friend to see Chapur , promising it would be the last time he saw her .
" It was awful , " she said .
" It just , it ripped me up .
To think that he wanted to go be with his lover is just gut - wrenching .
There were days when I was a puddle , and I think I was shaking at home , in the bed , just thinking about him even being with her .
And the whole two -- I think it was a two - day trip -- I mean , I was nervous the whole time . "
Mark Sanford never referred to her as his " soul mate , " she told Walters .
By spring 2009 , Sanford began to think the damage to their marriage was beyond repair , but continued to keep their marital problems a secret , for the sake of the children and for his political career .
But the world was about to find out the truth through a bizarre chain of events .
" I knew he had been having an affair .
I did n't know he was in Argentina , " she said .
Sanford Breaks the Mold in Face of Political Spouse 's Nightmare
In the face of every political spouse 's nightmare , Sanford opted not to stand by her husband 's side during his June press conference when he confessed to cheating .
Instead , she watched it on TV , like the rest of America .
" It was awful for me to watch my husband come back and pine about his ' soul mate , ' and days spent crying in Argentina .
It was awful to watch the implosion of his career that really began right there at that press conference , in many respects , " she said .
" It was awful to think that the world now , you know , was watching this about us and our marriage .
It was awful from the political standpoint , because he really should 've , should 've stopped talking at a certain point .
I mean , it was awful on so many levels . "
The final blow to the marriage according to Sanford was a series of racy e-mails between the governor and his lover that were printed in South Carolina newspapers after the press conference .
" He talks about her tan lines and parts of her body in the emails ... nothing , nothing you ever want your children to read on the Web , " she said .
Her three sons read the notes , which she said devastated them .
" Their world 's been turned upside - down as well .
It is something that is now a part of their lives .
...
They 're not happy .
They 're not proud .
...
It just ripped me up , to see them reading these emails , and to see them have to grow up so fast . "
Sanford 's divorce will be final later this month , and she said she 's ready to put the past behind her .
" I could go through for the rest of my life , you know , what went wrong , or where did it go wrong , and I do n't know that I 'll ever come up with the answer , " she said .
" I would say that I have acted honorably in our marriage .
And I 've been the best wife I can be .
But now I 'm looking forward to whatever comes next . "
A statewide alcohol ban is to be enforced in Papua New Guinea 's Highlands in an effort to restore law and order .
People in PNG 's Southern Highlands province have been told they have until May 11 to drink or sell their alcohol .
That is when a total alcohol ban approved by the provincial government will come into effect .
The government is providing police with $ 500,000 to enforce the restriction .
Superintendent Jimmy Onopia says the ban will remain in place for as long as it takes to restore law and order across the province .
" Liquor contributes to at least 75 per cent of the law and order problems , " he said .
Hoteliers and retailers have complained about the loss of income but Superintendent Onopia says the community 's safety is more important .
A man has been arrested for putting up posters championing gay rights , police said on Tuesday , adding they were searching for other Malawians they believe are working with foreigners in the campaign .
There is debate over gay rights in this conservative country , sparked by the trial of a gay couple charged with unnatural acts and gross indecency , felonies for which they could be imprisoned for up to 14 years .
In an interview on Tuesday , police spokesperson Dave Chingwalu said the man arrested on Saturday will be charged with conduct likely to cause a breach of peace , a misdemeanor that could be punished with a fine of up to 5 000 kwacha ( about $ 35 ) or up to three months in jail .
Chingwalu said Peter Sawali , who was jailed pending further investigations , was found with stacks of expertly and expensively printed posters displaying such messages as : “ gay rights are human rights ! ”
“ We are still investigating because we believe there is a chain of people who were working with Mr Sawali , ” Chingwalu said .
“ We can not rule out international sponsors because of the quality and the quantity of the posters , ” he said .
“ They might even have been produced outside . ”
Malawi ’s government has been criticised by international groups for the prosecution of Steven Monjeza ( 26 ) and Tiwonge Chimbalanga ( 20 ) jailed since their arrest December 27 , the day they celebrated their engagement with a party that drew crowds of curious onlookers in this conservative Southern African country .
Hearings in the trial also have attracted crowds .
The next hearing in their case is on Friday .
A group of Malawian human rights activists recently formed the Center for the Development of People to fight for the rights of homosexuals and other minorities .
The group says studies show that because of homophobic legislation , gays and lesbians are driven underground making them hard to reach with information that could protect them from HIV / Aids .
Another group , Broad Coalition , has distributed leaflets , posters and pictures promoting gay rights — but keeps the names of its members secret .
Mauya Msuku , the couple ’s lawyer , said the laws under which Monjeza and Chimbalanga were charged were archaic and unconstitutional .
“ The penal code criminalises homosexuality or same - sex marriages but under the Bill of Rights in the new Constitution it is clearly stated that no one should be discriminated against on the basis of
— among other things — sexual orientation , ” he said .
Msuku has asked the country ’s chief justice for a constitutional review .
Malawi ’s government has been unapologetic .
In Africa , only South Africa has legalised same - sex marriage , and in South Africa the gap between the liberal Constitution and societal attitudes can be wide .
Uganda will soon debate a proposed law that would impose the death penalty on some gays , though Ugandan President Yoweri Museveni has told colleagues he believes the Bill is too harsh and a Cabinet minister has called — so far unsuccessfully — for the Bill to be scrapped .
– Sapa-AP
Experts fear that a new wave of foreclosures will hit this year as prolonged unemployment makes it difficult for millions of homeowners to pay their mortgages -- and many of them are n’t likely to get much help from a federal program aimed at keeping them in their houses .
Banks participating in the Home Affordable Modification Program , announced a year ago this week by President Obama , have been slow to turn temporarily reduced mortgage payments into permanent ones .
“ The overarching sense is that the mortgage modification process has not worked that well , ” said Bert Ely , an independent banking consultant .
Obama administration officials acknowledge that the $ 75 - billion program , which offers banks cash incentives to reduce payments , has had growing pains , and they said they were considering revisions to make it more effective .
Still , the program is expected to show continued progress when data from January are released Wednesday after a strong push by Treasury Department officials to get banks to make more of the modifications permanent .
For example , Bank of America Corp. , the nation ’s largest servicer of mortgages , said Tuesday that it had increased the number of permanent mortgage modifications to 12,700 last month from 3,200 in December .
BofA said an additional 13,700 permanent modifications were in their final stage .
But that ’s a drop in the bucket considering that BofA holds about 1 million mortgages that are at least 60 days delinquent .
About 4 million homeowners nationwide are 90 days or more delinquent on their mortgages or in foreclosure proceedings , according to Moody ’s Economy.com , which analyzes data from credit reporting company Equifax Inc .
Trial modifications and other delays have kept many of those mortgages out of foreclosure , but by the end of this year , 2.4 million borrowers are expected to lose their homes , said Celia Chen , a housing economist at Economy.com .
That would be up from 2.1 million foreclosures and short sales last year and five times the annual numbers earlier in the decade .
It ’s unclear when those distressed properties would hit the market , but their large numbers are likely to push home prices back down this year , to a bottom in the fourth quarter , Chen said .
And that would make things worse for the 25 % of homeowners who already owe more on their mortgages than their houses are worth .
The biggest blows will be felt in California , Florida , Nevada and other states where home prices have dropped the most and the ranks of struggling homeowners have swelled .
As of December , 11.4 % of California homeowners were 90 days or more late on their loans , according to First American CoreLogic , a Santa Ana real estate data firm .
That compares with a delinquency rate of 8.4 % nationwide .
Despite an increasing number of foreclosure - prevention efforts , lawmakers and community advocates say they have n’t seen enough improvement .
“ Outreach is n’t happening , ” said Hyepin Im , president of Korean Churches for Community Development , a Los Angeles group that has sought to help hundreds of Asian American borrowers who are struggling to avert foreclosure .
At the outset , banks did n’t screen borrowers before giving them trial modifications , she said .
“ Then at the end they do n’t give very clear answers why they ’re not getting permanent modifications .
. . .
There ’s very little transparency . ”
A report last week by Moody ’s Investors Service called the Obama administration modification program ’s effect “ underwhelming . ”
But administration officials said the program was on track to reduce payments for 3 million to 4 million homeowners through 2012 .
As of Dec. 31 , the program had helped get 787,231 home loans modified for three months and had helped make an additional 66,465 modifications permanent .
Officials noted that not all homeowners are eligible -- the program is only for owner - occupied homes , and excludes a variety of mortgages , including jumbo loans .
And the administration continues to make changes , including a requirement added last month that homeowners document their income before a trial modification is granted .
But the program continues to draw criticism .
Banks have complained they ’ve had trouble getting homeowners to provide the necessary documents .
Frustrated homeowners have complained of bureaucratic runarounds from their servicers .
Federal watchdog agencies have criticized the program .
And last month the chairman of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee announced an investigation .
jim.puzzanghera @latimes.com
don.lee@latimes.com
No original content here -- just cover songs , remixes , and mashups .
Silicon Valley has had a knack for finding at least one of these remarkable pairings just about every decade .
They ’re the creators of new industries  chips , PCs , servers , Web sites and ad - fueled search systems  on which others build .
But lately , companies started by E.I.R. ’s have done yeoman ’s work for the venture capitalists .
The investment firm New Enterprise Associates , for example , hit it big last year when the storage giant EMC bought Data Domain for $ 2.3 billion , the largest acquisition in 2009 of a venture - backed technology company .
( The average deal that year was just $ 144 million . )
The Data Domain story grew out of a chance encounter .
Kai Li , who would be a co-founder of the company , was on sabbatical from his job as a computer science professor .
He had been thinking about some ideas for a start - up when he ran into an old friend from New Enterprise .
A couple of chats later , he was an E.I.R .
Similarly , the biggest public offering of a venture - backed technology company in 2007 was that of MetroPCS , which raised $ 1.2 billion .
It was started by Roger Linquist when he was an E.I.R. at the venture capital firm Accel .
Image Kevin Epstein , a former entrepreneur in residence , says the role lets people “ be creative and think of new ideas . ”
Credit ... Peter DaSilva for The New York Times
A host of other flashy companies have recently emerged from the E.I.R. ether .
Zimbra , an e-mail software start - up , was sold for $ 350 million to Yahoo in 2007 .
( In a very different economic climate this year , it was sold again to VMware for a reported $ 100 million . )
Then there ’s Cloudera , one of the most - watched start - ups in Silicon Valley .
It seeks to bottle the analytical smarts on which Google and Yahoo rely to understand their users ’ behavior and sell the product to large corporations dealing with torrents of data .
Cloudera came into being at Accel , where a pair of E.I.R. ’s worked after having left Yahoo and Facebook .
Venture capital firms are closely held , so there is no data on the number of companies that the E.I.R. process has created  or on how many of them have succeeded .
But top firms say a new company is formed about 50 percent of the time .
The rest of the E.I.R.’s will either take on a job at an existing company in the venture capital firm ’s stable or go their own way .
[ Update – I ’ve posted a video demonstrating many of the techniques I talk about in this post – to check it out , click here . ]
Today I ’ll tell you how to make your music loud .
Yes , you read that right .
This post will tell you how to get your music really loud .
Regardless of the fact that I ’ve been interviewed on Radio 4 arguing passionately against the Loudness Wars , even though I ’ve always said that the best way to get your song to stand out on the radio is to avoid pushing the level too hard , and despite having started Dynamic Range Day to raise awareness of the fact that listeners do n’t care about loudness …
Today I ’ll tell you how to make your music loud .
Why ?
As a response to this article on MusicRader.com , called
‘ How to make your music loud – Win the loudness war with our step - by - step and audio guide ’
Now immediately I should say – I love MusicRadar .
It ’s a great site – I highly recommend it .
Masses of news , posts , discussion and information for anyone interested in music and music technology .
They were one of the first places to pick up and post about how bad Death Magnetic sounded , and link back to my blog .
As a result , Wired magazine and the Guardian found the story and started writing about it , and the rest , as they say , is history .
The bad press generated by Death Magnetic has done a fantastic job of raising awareness about this issue , and I for one am very happy about that .
So , MusicRadar rocks .
But that post is useless .
Sorry , but there it is .
My reasons for saying so though , may not be what you ’re expecting .
Here they are :
It doe sn’t explain anything – All you get is a list of steps , with no reasons given , or discussion of what they are intended to achieve .
Without the whys and wherefores , people will just cherry - pick suggestions and end up doing wrong or harmful things to music that did n’t need it
All you get is a list of steps , with no reasons given , or discussion of what they are intended to achieve .
Without the whys and wherefores , people will just cherry - pick suggestions and end up doing wrong or harmful things to music that did n’t need it No concepts – I ’m going to list some fundamental rules that will help you make any piece of music louder without killing the sound .
None of them are mentioned in the MusicRadar post
I ’m going to list some fundamental rules that will help you make any piece of music louder without killing the sound .
None of them are mentioned in the MusicRadar post Some horrible suggestions –
The article refers to a “ mild ” 4:1 compression ratio – that ’s the harshest setting I ever use !
– The article refers to a “ mild ” 4:1 compression ratio – that ’s the harshest setting I ever use !
The example song is almost useless for learning purposes .
Anyone can crush and compress the life out of electronica – no - one has any idea what it ’s “ supposed ” to sound like anyway .
You ca n’t hear if you ’re doing any damage to anything .
How are you supposed to “ win the loudness war ” with a tutorial that deliberately tries to get “ crunch from the upper mids and trash from the highest frequencies ” ?
Surely “ winning ” is getting a high level without making it sound terrible ?
Anyone can crush and compress the life out of electronica – no - one has any idea what it ’s “ supposed ” to sound like anyway .
You ca n’t hear if you ’re doing any damage to anything .
How are you supposed to “ win the loudness war ” with a tutorial that deliberately tries to get “ crunch from the upper mids and trash from the highest frequencies ” ?
Surely “ winning ” is getting a high level without making it sound terrible ?
It does n’t even end up that loud – The dynamic range of the clip at the end of the tutorial is about 7 or 8 dBs .
That ’s loud – as loud as I ever happily make anything , but it ’s hardly going to win any awards for loudness when Metallica and others crush their music down to only 2 dB DR .
The dynamic range of the clip at the end of the tutorial is about 7 or 8 dBs .
That ’s loud – as loud as I ever happily make anything , but it ’s hardly going to win any awards for loudness when Metallica and others crush their music down to only 2 dB DR .
And sadly , it sounds bad , too .
No impact in the kick or snare , distorted bass , two - dimensional sound and linear dynamics .
Now I ’ll tell you what should have been in that post .
It has some useful techniques hidden away in it , but how you ’re supposed to figure out what they are , I have no idea …
Here are some rules to help you make your music masters loud ( if that ’s what you want to do )
Make the mix loud
All too often loudness is treated as a mastering issue , but steps 1 - 10 of the MusicRadar post are actually about mixing – and that ’s exactly the right way to do it , they just do n’t spell it out clearly enough .
There ’s no point in recording everything as dynamically as possible , and then deciding to squash it to hell at the last minute .
Compress guitars , bass and vocals in the mix – guitars and bass at the amp itself , ideally .
I do n’t advise compressing to tape , though – with 24 - bit audio it ’s not necessary , and it ’s too easy to overdo it .
Balance EQ
An unbalanced sound will never feel loud .
This has happened to me on several occasions – I ’m looking at the meters pegging , and listening and thinking “ but it does n’t sound loud ” .
Then I take a step back and realise there ’s no bottom end in the mix .
Whack in a low shelf EQ or broad parametric , and suddenly the room is heaving .
Coming at it from another angle , you can use our ears ’ sensitivity in the 2k Hz region to make guitars and drums sound aggressive and loud , without pushing up the average level too much .
Do n’t overdo it though , or it will sound harsh and thin .
Whatever strategy you decide on , do n’t overdo it .
Balance is everything .
( Here ’s a post with more tips on using EQ . )
Take it easy with bass
Having made sure you have a balanced mix , be restrained with the bass .
Bass is one of the first things to distort as the levels go up , which is why if you listen to most “ ultra - loud ” CDs you ’ll find they either have distorted bass , or are actually fairly bass - light .
Again this is a technique the MusicRadar article uses , but does n’t spell out .
Using a low - cut filter to stop very low frequencies getting out of control is a good tip , too – but again , use with caution .
Personally I love bass and prefer to sacrifice a little level for a nice big bottom end : )
Work to retain dynamics – by hand
This may seem paradoxical , but it ’s absolutely key .
As I ’ve said before , without quiet , there can be no loud .
Often when mixing , you work hard to get the balance between sections of songs to work dynamically – so the chorus kicks in when you want it to , for example .
At the mastering stage though , this can be too much .
If you lift up the intro to a healthy level , by the time you get to the end all the processing will be flat out .
If you get the end right , the intro may still be too quiet .
So , either automate the compression to adjust to each section of the song , or do what I do and adjust the overall level of each section of the track going into the compression .
If the chorus is compressing too much , reduce it ’s level a little .
You ’ll find there ’s a balance point where it sounds just as loud , but the compressors are n’t flat out .
Give the mix room to breathe , even if it sounds punishing most of the time – every time you ease back on the accelerator a little , the more scope you have to floor it 8 bars later .
Use multi-band compression
Once again , MusicRadar suggest this , but do n’t explain why – and , I have issues with the settings they ’re using .
Multi - band compression is a great way to boost the average level of a mix , without introducing pumping ( for example in the high frequencies when a kick drum is triggering gain reduction ) .
It ’s also a great way to completely mash a mix .
Here are some multiband rules of thumb to avoid this :
Use the same ratio in all bands – different ratios can sound unnatural
Use similar amounts of gain reduction in all bands – this avoids changing the sound of the mix too much
Never push a band beyond the point where the gain reduction returns to zero several times per bar – it does n’t achieve anything except unnatural , squashed sound , and the compression does n’t work efficiently
Multiband compression is a complicated subject , and I get so many questions about it that I wrote an eBook about using it in mastering , which is available as part of my Home Mastering Compression video package .
( By the way , if you ’re new to compression in general or would just like a refresher , this article may help you out :
Using compression to add punch , warmth and power to your mix )
Use low ratios and avoid short attack times
This is a general rule for any kind of compression .
Almost all of the time I use ratios between 1.5:1 and 4:1 .
Once the ratio gets much above 4:1 , you are almost limiting anyway .
Remember , the higher the ratio , the higher the threshold should be , to avoid over - compressing your mix .
Short attack times kill audio – I seldom use an attack time shorter than 20ms , except where I have a particularly “ spiky ” sound to deal with .
( A very clicky bass drum , say )
In mastering I often use attack times of 70 ms or longer .
We have limiters for controlling peaks and transients , why try to use a compressor to do this ?
Check out the screenshot in the MusicRadar article – they have attack times of 2 ms in every band !
No wonder the result sounds dull and lifeless .
Use multiple stages of compression , with low gain reductions
Once again , the MusicRadar post does this , but does n’t tell you , or say why .
Heavy compression is always audible .
Use compression gently at different stages throughout the recording and mixing process – some on the instrument when playing , some in the mix , maybe some on the mix buss for some styles of music , then some gentle multi-band , and finally some mild limiting .
These gradual increases will allow you to get higher average levels without killing the music .
Do n’t overdo the limiting
Limiting is an important part of the “ loudness chain ” – as I ’ve said , it allows you to use longer attack times on compressors and not worry about any peaks that might get through .
Limiters are brutal , though , and more than 2 or 3 dB gain reduction almost always has a detrimental effect on the audio .
Do n’t over - compress your mix .
I ’ve covered this before , in my post How to avoid over - compressing your mix .
How can I say it again , in a post titled “ How to make your music loud ” ?
Because it ’s crucial .
As I said above : Without quiet , there can be no loud
That does n’t stop you having a loud mix and master , but the truth is , there ’s no point in consistently pushing the loudness really high – you simply suck impact and loudness out of your track .
It makes your track sound quieter ( because people , or broadcast limiting , or playback normalisation , turn it down anyway ) and it will be crushed , distorted and fatiguing as a result .
So , there you go .
Hopefully that gives you some extra understanding of what the MusicRadar post and example are doing , and where they ’ve gone wrong .
Listen to how much cleaner the version at Stage 12 sounds , for example .
I regularly use these techniques to master songs that are actually louder than the example I ’ve been criticising , but sound better – hopefully you will be able to , too , if loudness is your goal .
Just remember my catch - phrase :
Louder is better , but too loud is worse
PS .
My video demonstration of many of the techniques discussed in this post is here .
Original image by hey mr glen
It was late at night and I was n’t sure I ’d seen the billboard correctly as I whizzed past it on I - 35 in Wyoming last week on the way back from Wrenshall .
But an e-mailer confirms I saw what I thought I saw .
It ’s beginning to sweep along the Internet , accompanied by various claims that it ’s a Photoshop fake .
But it ’s not .
It ’s real .
There ’s no billboard ownership plate on this particular billboard , making tracing the person who had the cash to post it difficult to find .
It ’s time to crowdsource this puppy .
Update 11:44 a.m. –
An e-mail to Wyoming Mayor Sheldon Anderson yields no further clue :
Wish I could take credit for it .
Calls every day asking if it was me .
If you find out let me know .
Update 11:46 a.m. – Luke Hellier at Minnesota Democrats
Exposed thought he had a lead on the owner , but alas … .
The person who I thought did not put up the billboard .
He has been contacted about keeping it up if the current owner takes it down due to money .
We may have to offer a News Cut coffee mug to smoke the owner out .
Sadly , we do n’t have News Cut coffee mugs .
Update 7:43 a.m. Tue 2/9 – FoxNews asked me to be on today to talk about the billboard .
I declined , noting I do n’t know anything other than that there ’s this billboard .
But it ’s interesting how the story has spiraled from the blog , to the NPR blog , to a couple of national blogs , to Drudge etc .
True , I ’m intrigued by the mystery of it all , but it ’s also a reminder of how the truly trivial can grab our attention .
I write about deeper , more meaningful news , too .
Maybe that ’s the bigger story here : Can blogs exist without the trivia ?
By the way , for those of you visiting News Cut for the first time via the national blogs , stay for awhile .
Look around .
7:52 a.m. – Colleague reports MSNBC just called looking for me .
Dear MSNBC : “ No . ” Now go find out who paid for this billboard , willya ?
Eight former members of the Vienna Boys Choir have called an abuse hot line set up by the choir to report that they were sexually abused while they were members of the group , according to Tina Breckwoldt , who is overseeing the hot line .
The choir opened the hot line after a local newspaper reported last week that two former choir members claimed that they had been sexually abused while in the choir decades ago .
The callers who made the claims , which included accusations of sexual and physical abuse , ranged in age from 33 to 72 , Mrs. Breckwoldt said .
Some of the alleged perpetrators may have been boys in the choir at the time , she said .
The eight calls had been received as of Wednesday .
In an open letter on its Web site , the Vienna Boys Choir said that any abuse constituted “ an injustice that we deeply regret . ”
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Virgin Racing has revealed its first Formula 1 car , the VR - 01 , although its planned online launch was delayed by technical difficulties .
The VR - 01 was due to be unveiled on the team 's website this morning , the team having opted for an ' all - digital ' launch to mirror its ' all - digital car ' - reflecting the fact that design company Wirth Research created the car entirely using computational fluid dynamics rather than using a windtunnel .
But technical issues prevented the broadcast from taking place as planned , so the car has now been revealed via the team 's website later than scheduled .
" Today is a very proud day for everyone involved with Virgin Racing , however on this occasion , where the car is the star , I want to pay tribute to all the amazing people at Wirth Research who deserve so much of the credit for the VR - 01 , " said designer Nick Wirth .
" Putting together an F1 team , assembling an engineering group and designing a new car from scratch is an epic task in the timeframe we have been working to .
" I have been fortunate to have worked with the very best designers in F1 and I am well aware of exactly what it takes to be successful in this sport .
When you see what the existing teams have achieved using the conventional but proven design approach , it is unsurprising that there is a great deal of scepticism about our all - CFD approach .
" But we are competing in a sport that is undergoing significant change having come face to face with today 's harsh economic realities .
Under resource restriction , convention will become too costly and necessity really will be the mother of invention .
I have absolute belief in the digital design process and the opportunity to put the all - CFD approach to the test at the highest level - to demonstrate that this could be the way for the future of F1 - is very , very exciting . "
Virgin's F1 project was officially launched in December , when Lucas di Grassi and Timo Glock were announced as its drivers .
It fired the Cosworth - powered car up for the first time last week , and will conduct a shakedown at Silverstone on Thursday and Friday .
The team will then join the rest of the F1 field for the second winter test at Jerez , where it will also become the first of the new entrants to test alongside the established squads .
While unwilling to make grand predictions for his car 's debut , Wirth is quietly confident about the VR - 01 's prospects .
" We are a serious racing team with serious ambitions , so we are n't going to try to run before we can walk , " he said .
" The starting point is to try to run reliably , safely and efficiently and be the best of the new teams .
Then we will start to bring performance to the car through a continuous development programme in computer simulation . "
He acknowledged that the CFD approach had limitations - but insisted windtunnel testing was no different .
" We fully expect to encounter issues along the way ; CFD is an approximation - as is scale - model testing , " Wirth said .
" In both cases , it is only when you hit the track that you can really appreciate the effect of factors that are tricky to model with any technology such as the effect that the real stiffness of all bodywork components and joints has on the airflow for example .
" We 've done all of this before on both closed and open - wheel cars , so I 'm pretty confident in the accuracy of our predictions and looking forward to seeing how our starting configuration performs on the race track . "
Free Mini-Course in Creative Financing for Startup Entrepreneurs
Are you an Entrepreneurial Champ or Chump ?
Find out .
Champs are the ones who understand how entrepreneurial finance works .
Chumps are those who sit around hoping that some kind stranger will give them money after reading their business plan .
When it does n't happen , they complain about investors being " too stupid . "
You can increase your chances of being successful in attracting capital down the road if you learn how savvy entrepreneurs are always moving their companies forward .
You can subscribe for free here : Send Me Creative Startup Financing Mini Course Right Now !
You will need to confirm your subscription by clicking
a link in the confirmation email .
Blocking 4 chan is not a good idea , according to ancient Internet lore — think “ kicking a beehive ” — but Verizon Wireless appears to be doing just that .
Just weeks after rolling out new boards , 4 chan administrator moot reports on 4 chan ’s status page that “ After an hour and a half on the phone , we ’ve received confirmation from Verizon ’s Network Repair Bureau ( NRB ) that we are “ explicitly blocked . ”
Update3 : Since a lot of people are coming here through Google due to the “ moot TED Talk ” tag , here ’s the ( admittedly lo - fi ) video of his talk :
ReadWriteWeb confirms , though the reason remains unclear :
While we ’ve personally confirmed that the image boards are not accessible from the Verizon wireless network , we ’re not certain that Verizon as an ISP is blocking the site or whether they plan to in the near future .
Again , a move of this magnitude would have to have some pretty compelling justifications , and we ca n’t wait to find out Verizon ’s reasons .
…
UPDATE : A Verizon NRB rep said their center has been deluged with phone calls but was unable to relate the specific reason the site has been blocked .
We are continuing to call other Verizon numbers at this time , but we ’ve been alerted that Verizon has not yet set up any process for dealing with media calls on this issue as no other media outlets have yet contacted them .
Oddly enough , the 4chan block appears to be affecting Verizon Wireless , but not the broader Verizon network as a whole .
The two are not technically the same entity , though Verizon Communications owns a 55 % stake in Verizon Wireless .
Given the narrowly averted nuclear showdown between 4 chan and AT&T this past summer over what turned out to be a DDoS attack — whose worst consequence was a fake article about the death of AT&T ’s CEO , but which could have gotten a lot uglier — Verizon Wireless surely must have contemplated the costs of a possible 4 chan counterattack before signing off on the block .
We are looking into this .
In the mean time , be prepared for another cataclysm : moot is giving a TED talk on Thursday .
Update , 11:10 am :
In a phone interview , a spokesman for Verizon Wireless says that “ it ’s nonsense that we blocked [ 4 chan ] for any other reason than some unusual activity , ” and that the company is working through the situation right now .
According to the spokesman , activity that “ looked like spam ” appeared to be originating from 4 chan , and the block was a routine and temporary measure with no intent to specifically target 4 chan ; he said that Verizon Wireless had temporarily blocked other sites showing odd patterns of activity over the past several weeks .
The spokesman also said that to the best of his knowledge , Verizon Wireless had not been targeted by any systematic attack by 4 chan users since the 4 chan status page posted the news of the Verizon Wireless block .
Update2 : according to 4 chan ’s status page , the Verizon Wireless block on boards .
4 chan.org should be lifted later tonight , and is similar to the AT&T block 4 chan experienced last year .
Update3 : Since a lot of people are coming here through Google due to the “ moot TED Talk ” tag , here ’s the ( admittedly lo - fi ) video of his talk :
Have a tip we should know ?
tips@themarysue.com
Astronomy & Astrophysics is publishing new 3D maps of the interstellar gas in the local area around our Sun .
A French - American team of astronomers presents new absorption measurements towards more than 1800 stars .
They were able to characterize the properties of the interstellar gas within each sight line .
This week , Astronomy & Astrophysics publishes new 3D maps of the interstellar gas situated in an area 300 parsecs around the Sun .
A French - American team of astronomers presents new measurements of the absorption by the interstellar gas in the Sun 's local area .
Knowledge of the interstellar medium properties , including the spatial distribution , dynamics , and the chemical and physical characteristics , allow astronomers to better understand the interplay between the evolution of stars and their exchange of matter with the ambient interstellar medium .
The local area around our Sun has been studied with many surveys at various wavelengths , but the whole picture is still far from being either complete or fully understood .
The team , led by Barry Y. Welsh and his colleagues R. Lallement and J.-L.
Vergely , presents new , high spectral resolution measurements of the calcium ( CaII ) K line ( at 3933 Å ) and the sodium doublet ( at 5889 and 5895 Å ) .
These absorption lines have long been used to study the interstellar medium .
The CaII K lines were first observed in 1904 by German astronomer J. Hartmann , in the spectrum of the star δ Orionis .
This first detection of interstellar gas set the stage for the early studies of interstellar medium .
The sodium ( NaI ) doublet was later discovered in 1919 toward δ Orionis and β Scorpii .
The CaII K line and the NaI doublet are complementary : the first one is sensitive to partially ionized gas , and the second one traces cold and neutral interstellar gas .
The team combined their new data ( mostly recorded at the European Southern Observatory in Chile ) with previously published results .
The new paper represents a catalog of absorption measurements towards 1857 stars located 800 parsecs from the Sun. 1 shows the NaI map of the interstellar gas density within 300 parsecs .
The white area surrounding the Sun ( i.e. , at the center of the map ) corresponds to a very low - density area of neutral gas , known as the Local Cavity .
It is about 80 parsecs in radius in most directions and is surrounded by a highly fragmented " wall " of dense neutral gas .
The various gaps in the wall are termed " interstellar tunnels " and represent rarefied pathways into other surrounding interstellar cavities .
Maps of the distribution of CaII have never been made before , and they reveal that the Local Cavity contains numerous filamentary structures of partially ionized gas that appear to form in a honeycomb - like pattern of small interstellar cells .
Theories of the general interstellar medium require that large rarefied cavities exist , having been formed by the combined action of energetic supernova events and the outflowing winds of clusters of hot and young stars .
The history of our Local Cavity , within which the Sun resides , is still speculative , but many believe that it was created about 15 million years ago by a series of supernova outbursts , with the last re-heating happening about 3 million years ago .
We as Kossacks are all over the world but primarily in the United States as far as I can tell in each state and possibly in each district .
We need to find a liaison in these districts in need of change and have them coordinate with us here so we can help them get the word out , raise funds , and have moral support in those areas of the country overrun by the corporate mindset .
We need to get information out there on every member that votes against HCR .
If they have dirty linen that can be thoroughly verified we want to know about it .
We do n't care if it is bedroom door stuff though , just the illegal hijinks those that already have been corrupted by money or power seem to gravitate to .
Hypocrisy abounds with these incumbents so it should be easy to contradict their outrageousness with their actions .
What other corporate bag carrying have these incumbents engaged in ?
Where do they get their campaign donations ?
How do they spend it ?
We want to know and the better documented this information is the easier it will be for us to use this information to our advantage .
We deal in facts only , no supposition , or rumor if it can't be independently verified , we can't use it .
I understand the propaganda machine runs 24/7 and that it has many followers we just have to ignore it and them .
Do not bother engaging them .
If they start their rumor mill let them , and ignore it we have better things to do than look up arcane bits of misinformation designed to derail our causes .
Choose candidates that understand the people vote them into office and will work to support those voters and what they need from that candidate .
Support those candidates if you can't give money give your time .
You would be surprised by what an hour a week can do to help a candidate trying to win office .
Most importantly do n't give up .
We want our country back .
Update :
Here is the list of nay 's lets get them out of office .
Paul Krugman hits the nail right on the head .
Now what are we going to do about it ?
The truth is that given the state of American politics , the way the Senate works is no longer consistent with a functioning government .
Senators themselves should recognize this fact and push through changes in those rules , including eliminating or at least limiting the filibuster .
This is something they could and should do , by majority vote , on the first day of the next Senate session .
Do n’t hold your breath .
As it is , Democrats do n’t even seem able to score political points by highlighting their opponents ’ obstructionism .
It should be a simple message ( and it should have been the central message in Massachusetts ) : a vote for a Republican , no matter what you think of him as a person , is a vote for paralysis .
But by now , we know how the Obama administration deals with those who would destroy it : it goes straight for the capillaries .
Sure enough , Robert Gibbs , the White House press secretary , accused Mr. Shelby of “ silliness . ”
Yep , that will really resonate with voters .
After the dissolution of Poland , a Polish officer serving under Napoleon penned a song that eventually — after the country ’s post - World War I resurrection — became the country ’s national anthem .
It begins , “ Poland is not yet lost . ”
Well , America is not yet lost .
But the Senate is working on it .
A few blocks away , two Upper Darby detectives spotted the bus headed westbound on the West Chester Pike .
They turned on the lights and siren and tried to pull the bus over .
The bus then suddenly veered left onto Brief Street , Chitwood said .
PARIS ( Reuters ) - The Greek debt crisis has dealt a setback to prospects of enlarging the euro zone by highlighting the difficulties of managing the single currency area .
Policymakers will not say so officially but only tiny Estonia is likely to join the euro in the next five years , although “ euro convergence ” will remain the central policy anchor for all the European Union ’s eastern newcomers .
“ The Germans and the European Central Bank are determined not to let in another Greece , ” said Lars Christensen , chief analyst at Danske Bank in Copenhagen .
“ Clever Polish policymakers have understood the message and changed their rhetoric to saying they expect to join the euro in 2015 at the earliest , ” he said .
Analysts expect the European Commission and the ECB to be stricter than ever in applying the criteria for membership and insisting that candidates must first achieve real , sustainable economic convergence with the euro area .
That means taking more account of previously neglected indicators such as current account balances and wider measures of competitiveness .
When eight central and east European countries joined the bloc in May 2004 , along with Cyprus and Malta , a Reuters poll of 33 bank economists forecast that they would all join the single currency by this year .
Their accession treaties committed them to adopting the euro once they meet the criteria on public debt and budget deficits , inflation , interest rates and exchange rate stability .
Yet only Cyprus , Malta , Slovenia and Slovakia have entered the now 16 - nation single currency area .
Lithuania saw its application rejected in 2007 after it narrowly missed the inflation target .
Estonia has a strong chance of acceding next year , EU officials say , but the main central European economies are not likely to join before mid-decade , and possibly much later .
Iceland came knocking at the door of the euro zone in search of a life - raft after its banks collapsed in October 2008 but was told it must first apply for EU membership .
Entry talks have yet to begin and could be complicated by a standoff with Britain and the Netherlands over the Icesave compensation issue .
RECEDING HORIZON
The Polish and Czech governments illustrated the receding euro horizon this week when they approved convergence plans that appear to delay membership until the second half of the decade .
Poland , which suffered embarrassment last year when it had to ditch an over - optimistic 2012 entry target , set no new date , while the Czech Republic is now aiming for 2016 - 17 .
Both have floating currencies that depreciated during the financial crisis , helping them avoid the deep recession that struck countries with exchange rates pegged to the euro such as Latvia .
Poland was the only EU economy to enjoy growth in 2009 .
Public opinion in the former communist countries has become more hesitant about early euro adoption after an initial clamor for quick membership when the global financial crisis struck , a comprehensive Eurobarometer survey published last month showed .
More than two - thirds of voters questioned in eight central and east European states last September said their country should not rush into euro membership .
The number who wanted to join the euro as soon as possible shrank to 25 percent from 28 percent in May 2009 .
Those who favored entering as late as possible rose to 33 percent from 29 percent .
The specter of Greek - style deflation , with wage and pension sacrifices and high unemployment , is unlikely to make the euro zone look more attractive across the region .
The issue is politically polarized in Poland and the Czech Republic , with big Eurosceptical conservative parties opposed to early entry .
By contrast , Hungary has a broad political consensus in favor of the euro , but it is struggling to clean up its public finances under an IMF - supervised rescue and its chances of joining the single currency zone lie in the middle distance .
Rafal Benecki , senior economist at ING Bank in Warsaw , said Polish policymakers were as keen as ever to join the euro and the failure to set a new deadline was due to uncertainty about when Poland would meet the criteria , not to the Greek crisis .
David Lubin , head of emerging markets at Citigroup in London , said Polish Prime Minister Donald Tusk was keen to press ahead toward the euro to maximize Warsaw ’s political position as “ a country to be taken seriously in the post - crisis world . ”
Poland would also want to lock in the more favorable current exchange rate around 4 zloty to the euro , rather than the high 3.2 zloty pre-crisis level , he said .
BALKAN BROTHERS ?
The Greek crisis has amplified grumbling among EU and German officials that Romania and Bulgaria , which have the worst record in the EU for corruption and organized crime , were admitted to the bloc too soon .
In the eyes of some in Brussels and Frankfurt , they share many of the same problems of dodgy statistics , widespread corruption and tax evasion and a bloated public sector payroll .
“ Even before the current crisis , I often heard references to Greece when talking to European officials about central and eastern Europe , particularly in connection with Romania and Bulgaria , ” Danske ’s Christiansen said .
EU officials say the Commission and the ECB had to talk Bulgaria out of applying to join the Exchange Rate Mechanism ( ERM2 ) -- the antechamber to euro membership -- after it joined the EU in 2007 , even though it might have technically qualified .
The EU ’s poorest member state was told to take its time and focus on “ real convergence . ”
At the other end of Europe , the Greek crisis has made joining the euro an even harder sell to fiscally conservative Danes and Swedes .
Both countries opted out of the euro in the 1990s and voted against joining the single currency in referendums early in this decade .
“ A referendum campaign today would be much harder to win , ” said Christensen .
“ Euro opponents would say : Who wants to join a club with Greece ? ”
If you 're seeing this post , that can only mean you have n't heard that FLiP has moved to www.networkflip.com
Are you looking for our series on choosing an MBA or MPA ?
Visit www.networkflip.com/tag/mba-or-mpa
Or are you looking for advice and information regarding a career in nonprofit and philanthropy ?
Check out our ongoing series of articles centered on experiences working in the nonprofit sector .
Or better yet , are you simply browsing around for advice , guidance with tax forms , trends in social networking , events in your area , or some fundraising tips ?
Well , if you are , you 're one click away from all that , and a community of others just like you .
Join us at networkflip.com .
All the resources , information and content is still avaliable , just , you know , not here .
If you 'd like to contact us with any questions , feel free to do so at info@networkflip.com .
Be sure to also follow us on Twitter @networkflip and join us on Facebook .
An aging French magician who is a dead ringer for Jacques Tati uses sleight - of - hand to give a clueless Scottish girl a poetic assist toward adulthood in The Illusionist .
Five years in the making , master animator Sylvain Chomet ’s follow - up to The Triplets Of Belleville deploys superb hand - drawn imagery to bring to life an unproduced screenplay the late Tati finished in 1959 .
Told with no dialogue but carried along by deeply evocative sound design , this visually rewarding film ’s timeless , near - universal appeal should translate to widespread critical praise and art house play .
Chomet ’s film is bathed in self - aware melancholy , lightened by slow - burn humour and a sensibility rooted in silent - era film - making
Set in Paris , London and Edinburgh in the late 1950s as the last vestiges of variety entertainment gave way to youth - oriented rock ‘ n ’ roll , The Illusionist is a delightfully bittersweet valentine to the music hall tradition .
Aiming for the heart as well as the funny bone , Chomet - whose sardonic Oscar - nominated short The Old Lady and the Pigeons preceded 2003 ’s zanily off - kilter Triplets ( $ 15 million worldwide ) - proves himself the perfect creative choice to resuscitate Tati ’s long - dormant script .
Viewers whose heart strings resonated at the sight of WALL - E enjoying his ancient cassette tape of Hello , Dolly ! will almost certainly appreciate the beautifully crafted nostalgia that permeates The Illusionist .
The film is bathed in self - aware melancholy , lightened by slow - burn humour and a sensibility rooted in silent - era filmmaking .
Its 2D imagery ( with a smattering of 3D props ) simply could n’t be better – there is always plenty to look at , all of it magnificently rendered .
Working solo , except for an ornery rabbit whose pit bull - like personality is a consistently incongruous source of surprise and amusement , the magician sees his engagements dwindle to nearly none .
( The entertainer ’s name on posters is Tatischeff , the genuine name the comic and film - maker behind Mon Oncle and Mr Hulot ’s Holiday shortened to Tati . )
Man , rabbit and suitcase travel to wherever the work takes them .
On a far flung Scottish isle whose residents are celebrating the long overdue arrival of electricity , local lass Alice believes Tatischeff to be truly magical .
Since he can make coins and other objects appear out of thin air , she naively concludes that his conjuring tricks are real .
From this misunderstanding springs an unasked - for father - daughter relationship when Alice follows the magician back to the mainland .
The magician takes on extra work to which he is ill - suited in order to make the money to satisfy his penniless charge ’s culinary and sartorial whims .
The imagery excels at depicting less - harried times : as a train chugs over a trestle bridge in the country , its reflection in the water below is as stunning as the changing light over Edinburgh .
And somehow the animated rain seems more real than the wet stuff in live - action films .
The deceptively simple story ( which bears some scattered similarities to Chaplin ’s Limelight ) is anchored in nostalgia for bygone traditions .
And yet the theme of dedicated craftsmen ( a clown , a ventriloquist , a magician ) made obsolete by changing tastes ( not to mention age making way for youth ) remains relevant .
Tati’s ( 1907 - 1982 ) own live - action endeavors ( Jour De Fete , Mon Oncle , Mr Hulot ’s Holiday , PlayTime ) were leisurely affairs , punctuated with meticulously calibrated physical humour .
The additional factor here is a strong emotional component as the film explores self - reliance in a cruel world , making the best of increasingly dire uncertainty and striving to please without bursting anyone ’s bubble .
A scene in which the magician returns to his hotel drunk is dazzling - as the protagonist struggles to maintain his balance , one would swear Tati ’s hand - drawn stand - in has a functioning inner ear .
The musical score ( composed by Chomet ) and inchoate mumbles that mimic dialogue are spot-on .
The script could easily never have come to light .
Its existence emerged when Chomet approached Sophie Tatischeff for permission to use a clip of her father on his bicycle from Jour De Fete in Triplets .
Pleased with Chomet ’s storytelling approach and visual style , Sophie mentioned the script her father wrote from 1956 - 59 .
She died four months after giving her blessing to the project .
To sign up for Screen ’s weekly Reviews Newsletter with all the week ’s new releases , international openings and full festivalreviews delivered free to your mailbox every Friday , please click HERE
There 's something about playing the Americans that brings out the best and worst in Canada 's junior hockey team .
Exactly a year after fighting back from a 3 - 0 deficit to the United States at the world championships to take a big victory , the young Canadians again staged a remarkable New Year 's Eve comeback , this time in Saskatoon .
This time they spotted Team USA a 4 - 2 lead early in the third period , came roaring back to tie the score and force overtime , then beat them on a Brandon Kozun shootout zipper through the five - hole of goaltender Jack Campbell to win 5 - 4 .
That victory gives the hosts top spot in Pool B , and a bye into Sunday 's semifinal where they will play the winner of Saturday 's quarterfinal between Russia and Switzerland .
" Good teams find a way to win and we kept battling , " said defenceman Alex Pietrangelo , who sent the game to overtime with a short - handed goal late in regulation .
" It 's unbelievable for us to have [ coming back against the USA ] happen again . "
For the Americans — who did everything they had to do and more through the first 50 minutes only to see it slip away once again — now have to go through a Saturday game with Finland in hopes of meeting waiting Sweden on Sunday .
Two goals by Jordan Eberle and singles by Stefan Della Rovere and Pietrangelo accounted for Canada 's scoring in regulation , while Danny Kristo , Philip McRae , Jordan Schroeder and Tyler Johnson replied for the U.S .
After a scoreless five - minute , four - on - four overtime , the game went to the shootout , where only one player failed to score .
Eberle , Nazem Kadri and Kozun beat Campbell in the U.S. net , with Kristo and Jeremy Morin getting the puck by Jake Allen in the Canadian goal .
That set up an attempt by Schroeder to keep the shootout alive for the Americans .
He came in on Allen , faked , and then tried for a shot between the legs , where Canada 's goalie had been vulnerable earlier in the night .
But Allen outguessed Schroeder , who closed the gates and sealed the win .
" He got the best of me [ earlier in the game ] and if he tried it again , he was n't going to get it through — that was the plan , " said Allen , who came into the game riding two shutouts against inferior opponents .
" It 's a great feeling .
I feel like Carey Price did [ when he beat the U.S. in 2007 ] .
It puts me in his shoes . "
Wild third period
Canada trailed 3 - 2 at the start of the third and were just coming off a power play when the Americans took advantage of another in a long line of defensive lapses at the blue - line by the hosts .
A clearing pass found Kristo and he raced back on a one - on - one , sped past the defender and put the puck through the legs of Allen to make it 4 - 2 Team USA .
Eberle 's second of the game got the Canadians to within one with 9:57 to go when a quick shot from the point by Brandon McMillan was tipped out of the air and past Campbell to make it 4 - 3 .
Then , as seems to happen so often in the latter stages of these world junior tournaments , Canada came up with the key goal at the moment it was most needed .
An intercepted pass in the neutral zone sent Pietrangelo streaking down the right side short - handed , he deked past a defender and then rifled one up over the shoulder of Campbell and in for the 4 - 4 tie with 4:15 left in regulation .
And a good thing , too , because the Americans had been taking advantage of Canadian errors all night , scoring twice short - handed and once just seconds after killing off another penalty .
Allen was also forced to stop a penalty shot by Chris Kreider with the U.S. up 2 - 1 in the second period , then a breakaway by Kyle Palmieri that produced a rebound the goaltender held out , then another short - handed breakout later that produced a good stop .
It looked for a moment as though Canada had won this one in regulation when a shot by Travis Hamonic from the point with seconds to go went in , but the referees called it off because Brayden Schenn was lying on top of goaltender Campbell at the time .
" We had them right where we wanted them , " said Schroeder , one of the American goal scorers .
" We let it slip at the end .
" We have to move forward .
If we can get through Finland and Sweden , hopefully we 'll see them in the championship game . "
Canada is now 34 - 1 going back through five consecutive world championship victories .
The United States was the last team to prevent a Canadian win , taking a 4 - 3 decision and the gold medal in 2004 .
Here at Lotsoloot.com , we usually focus on funny , weird , or downright stupid iPhone apps , but today we ’d like to discuss iSketch , a drawing app for iPhone and iPod touch .
What ’s so special about iSketch ?
It was created by an sick 11 - year - old boy named Cameron who has since recovered from his ailment and has chosen to donate a portion of the app ’s earnings to charity .
When Cameron became ill last year , he received treatment from UCLA 's Medical Center and Orthopedic Hospital .
While he was recovering , Cameron developed an interest in computer programming and was able to teach himself a number of different programming languages .
He was most interested in Apple ’s iPhone and iPod touch , however , and this interest led him to develop iSketch .
Despite the alleged difficulty of Apple ’s app approval process , the company approved iSketch in December and consumers can now purchase the app for 0.99 .
Cool !
What makes this story even more inspiring is that Cameron has decided to donate a portion of iSketch ’s earnings to the hospital system that treated him .
In iSketch ’s official description he writes :
“ Inspired by the care I received at Santa Monica - UCLA Medical Center and Orthopedic Hospital , I have dedicated a portion of the proceeds from the sales of iSketch to purchase entertainment and electronic items for Mattel Children 's Hospital UCLA ’s Child Life / Child Development programs in Westwood and Santa Monica so that pre-teens and teens will have additional age - appropriate options available to them during their hospital stays . ”
Here ’s to Cameron for overcoming adversity and making the world a better place !
52011ccf-0f18-40a7-a7ad-34e8fed018b5|6|4.8
Tags : iphone Categories : Other
Recently , the Pac - 10 announced it would explore conference expansion .
Tied to this were negotiations for a new TV deal , and perhaps an exclusive station ( a la Big Ten Network ) .
This news comes on the heels of the Big 10 announcing it will expand to 12 ( or more ) teams in the next 18 months .
Lots of speculation has emerged about potential additions .
However , many of the popular mentions , like Hawaii , would n’t add much to the conference in terms of prestige or audience .
The Pac 10 should be focusing on solid academic institutions that would attract new media markets to Pac 10 events .
What school would be the biggest win for the Pac 10 ?
Texas !
University of Texas is the # 47 school on the US News and World Report top universities list , among the highest of any school in the running for Pac 10 annexation .
It ’s academic and athletic reputation is superb .
It would open up the entire state of Texas ( and Oklahoma as well ) to the new “ Pac 10 Network ” and would increase the price ESPN and others would pay to televise events .
It would also be a win-win .
Similarly , it would open up Texas to the entire West Coast .
Texas could keep its rivalry games with Texas schools and Oklahoma , but add tremendously exciting match - ups .
Can you imagine how big the annual USC – Texas game would be ?
The Big 12 is a dying conference .
The Big 10 will soon steal Missouri away , becoming the “ New Big 12 ” and relegating the existing Big 12 to “ Big 11 ” status .
Let ’s not forget as well – the Big 12 has “ big- name ” schools like Iowa State and Baylor .
Those sound like good Mountain West schools .
Along with the Big East , the Big 12 makes up the lowest rung of “ BCS Conferences . ”
The Pac 10 gives Texas its chance to escape .
Other schools do n’t have the academic record , media markets , or cachet as Texas .
Colorado would be a solid 2nd choice ( and nice companion to Texas ) , bringing the Denver market into the fold .
However , all California schools would be a waste of space .
The UC schools do n’t add any additional media markets the Pac 10 does n’t already dominate .
Utah and Nevada schools ( BYU , Utah , Nevada , and UNLV ) would be slightly better , but the Pac 10 would already get ample TV time there .
Go big or go home .
It ’s time to draft Texas into the Pac 10 .
No , Glenn Edward Lee Beck did not go to college , he was briefly enrolled in a a theology class at Yale University called " Early Christology " in 1996 , 14 years after graduating high school , but Beck soon dropped out .
Body Found -- May Be Andrew Koenig
UPDATE : CNN is confirming the body is that of Andrew Koenig .
A body believed to be that of missing " Growing Pains " star Andrew Koenig was found by police in Vancouver .
According to police , the body was discovered in Stanley Park today at around noon .
Andrew has been missing since February 14 .
A news conference is scheduled for 5:00 PM PT .
Andrew 's parents are supposed to attend .
Story developing ...
NewsAlert
Sign up for our NewsAlert service and have the latest news in astronomy and space e-mailed direct to your desktop .
Enter your e-mail address :
Privacy note : your e-mail address will not be used for any other purpose .
Chinese rocket launches with Beidou navigation satellite
BY STEPHEN CLARK
SPACEFLIGHT NOW
Posted : January 16 , 2010
A Chinese Long March rocket hauled a new navigation satellite to a high - altitude perch over Earth on Saturday , marking the first space launch of the year for the world 's space programs .
The Long March 3C rocket blasted off from the Xichang space center at 1612 GMT ( 11:12 a.m. EST ) Saturday , or just after midnight Sunday morning local time , state media reported .
The 180 - foot - tall booster flew east from Xichang , which is situated in Sichuan province in southwestern China .
The Beidou , or Compass , navigation satellite was placed on a trajectory toward geosynchronous orbit , according to the Xinhua news agency .
The satellite is the third member of the second - generation Beidou constellation .
Two spacecraft were launched to medium Earth orbit and geosynchronous orbit in 2007 and 2009 , respectively .
First - generation satellites were launched between 2000 and 2007 to test the Beidou concept in space and provide limited services for China .
China eventually expects to launch 35 Beidou satellites , allowing the system to have a global reach similar to the U.S. Global Positioning System .
Russia operates a fleet of Glonass navigation satellites , and Europe is developing the Galileo satellite navigation system .
Officials hope the Beidou system will provide navigation , timing and messaging services to the Asia - Pacific region by 2012 , Xinhua reported .
China says Beidou services will be available at no charge to civilians with positioning accuracy of about 10 meters , or 33 feet .
More precise navigation data will be given to Chinese government and military users , according to Xinhua .
Tracking funding has been a priority for the US since 9/11
The European Parliament has blocked a key agreement that allows the United States to monitor Europeans ' bank transactions - angering Washington .
The US called the decision a " setback for EU - US counter - terror co-operation " .
The vote was a rebuff to intensive US lobbying for EU help in counter - terrorism investigations .
EU governments had negotiated a nine - month deal which would have allowed the US to continue accessing the Swift money transfer system .
Top US officials - including Vice - President Joe Biden , Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton and Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner - had contacted MEPs in recent days to urge them to consider " the importance of this agreement to our mutual security " , the Associated Press news agency reported .
But Euro MPs said the deal provided insufficient privacy safeguards .
Lawmakers in Strasbourg voted 378-196 against the deal , with 31 abstentions .
Secret access
The US started accessing Swift data after the 11 September 2001 terror attacks on New York and Washington .
But the fact that the US was secretly accessing such data did not come to light until 2006 .
Last week the Greens ' home affairs expert , Jan Philipp Albrecht MEP , said that in backing the new deal the European Commission and EU governments had " not respected the fundamental criticism about the lack of sufficient protections with regard to privacy and the rule of law " .
The leader of the Socialist group , Martin Schulz MEP , said : " We want a new and better deal with proper safeguards for people 's privacy . "
Tracking the funding of terror groups globally has been a priority for Washington since the 2001 attacks .
Swift handles millions of transactions daily between banks and other financial institutions worldwide .
It holds the data of some 8,000 banks and operates in 200 countries .
What is it about having sex with animals that compulsively sticks in right - wingers ' heads ?
It 's an obsession with conservatives .
I remember when the freak known as Neal Horsley famously admitted to having sex with farm animals to Alan Colmes a few years ago .
Is it true ? " Colmes asked .
" Hey , Alan , if you want to accuse me of having sex when I was a fool , I did everything that crossed my mind that looked like I ... "
AC : " You had sex with animals ? " NH : " Absolutely .
I was a fool .
When you grow up on a farm in Georgia , your first girlfriend is a mule . "
AC : " I 'm not so sure that that is so . "
NH : " You did n't grow up on a farm in Georgia , did you ? "
AC : " Are you suggesting that everybody who grows up on a farm in Georgia has a mule as a girlfriend ? "
NH :
It has historically been the case .
You people are so far removed from the reality ...
Welcome to domestic life on the farm ... "
Horsley : You experiment with anything that moves when you are growing up sexually .
You 're naive .
You know better than that ...
If it 's warm and it 's damp and it vibrates you might in fact have sex with it . "
Newshounds has more ..
When Horsley ran for Governor , he also said he'd kill his own son in order for Georgia to secede from the Union as a way of ending abortion in his home state .
He 's one of those Randall Terry type abortion nuts too .
Then you had Rick Santorum and his " man on dog sex " fantasies .
Now we have the teabagger elite known as J.D. Hayworth .
Sen . John McCain's ( R - Ariz . ) primary challenger , former Arizona congressman J.D. Hayworth , warned this past weekend that the same - sex marriage decision handed down by the Massachusetts Supreme Court is so loose in its logic and wording that it could lead to a man marrying his horse ...
James Wolcott writes about it in the only way he knows how .
But I think the voters of Arizona should think twice about a man willing to toss away 2000 years of Judeo - Christian values to mate with a horse . " [ If ] you really had affection for your horse , I guess you could marry your horse , ” he told an interviewer from KORN News .
I wonder what Mrs. Hayworth thinks of her husband 's cavalier attitude about the sanctity of marriage , his willingness to cast it and her aside if the right pony came along that he could make his horse - wife .
" A devoted family man , J.D. is happily married to Mary , and they are blessed with 3 children , Nicole , Hannah , and John Micah . "
Oh sure , now they are blessed ; but if J. D. Hayworth insists on giving in to his affections , he may eventually be the proud sire of a second set of children named Flicka , Pegasus , and Phar Lap , whose glossy manes would be the envy of their classmates but would make any future candidacy " problematic , " even in a Palinized Republican Party barely distinguishable from your average freak show .
We should keep a list of all animal - sex - loving - Republicans for CNN , do n't you think ?
Washington Township police arrested a 16 - year - old boy and charged him with harassment and bias intimidation for allegedly getting on an intercom at the Turnersville Wal - Mart and announcing that all African American customers should leave the store .
« Canon EF 1.4x II Extender | Main | White House begins groundwork to avoid blame for tax increases »
February 20 , 2010
UCSD Students Celebrate Black History Month with ' Compton Cookout '
Wow .
This story is pretty wild .
Apparently , some UCSD students planned a party to celebrate Black History Month .
Their party was called the ' Compton Cookout ' , and they set up an invitation via facebook .
This got the Thought Police foaming at the mouth , of course .
On Thursday , state lawmakers were calling for expulsions .
They believe in Freedom to Speech to a point - that point being as soon as someone gets offended apparently , which can't be allowed .
Then , on Friday , some guys at the UCSD Student Run Television station ( SR - TV ) called the blacks at UCSD a bunch of " ungrateful n1ggers . "
Wow .
So , that got the the SR - TV shut down .
Meanwhile , some are claiming that the ' Compton Cookout ' party was nothing more than a publicity stunt to promote a DVD release - essentially it was a DVD release party ( NSFW ) .
Update :
After reading some more posts on this , the UCSD better tread very lightly , as in shut their freaking mouths .
If they try to go after these students for something that happened off campus , they 'll be sued until these students own UCSD .
The school has no jurisdiction over these students when they 're off campus .
They may not approve of or condone their behaviour , but that 's neither here nor there .
If they go after these students , the students wo n't have to worry about getting an education and a career .
They 'll be able to sue the UCSD and retire without even graduating .
Posted by Rob Kiser on February 20 , 2010 at 4:16 PM
Post a comment
The " Disguise " of California I love California , I practically grew up in Phoenix .
- Dan Quayle
by Dr Dennis Casey [ Excerpt ]
In February 1942 , a Japanese submarine skulked just outside San Francisco Bay .
A few nights later another Japanese submarine surfaced off Santa Barbara and fired a few shells at an oil storage facility .
One shell exploded on an ocean pier .
War had come to California .
In the atmosphere of panic and worry ( with stories of Japanese secret agents behind every bush and tree ) , the War Department ordered Lt Gen John L De Witt , head of Western Defense Command , to protect vital installations along the Pacific Coast - to disguise California .
Colonel John F Ohmer was stationed at March Field , 60 miles east of Los Angeles .
He was a pioneer in camouflage techniques .
In Britain in 1940 , carefully - made and positioned camouflage caused the Luftwaffe to waste thousands of tons of bombs on empty fields .
Months prior to Pearl Harbor , Colonel Ohmer campaigned for protective cover of Wheeler Field , a major air base near Pearl Harbor .
His plan was rejected for being too costly , $ 56,210 .
Weeks later Wheeler and its aircraft were destroyed , On 7 December 1940 , Goodyear Tire and Rubber agreed to manufacture rubber decoy aircraft similar to those used by the British for $ 1,000 a copy .
But the War Department again turned down Ohmer 's plans .
He had hoped to scatter the dummy planes around the American air bases in Hawaii .
But now , Ohmer was charged with disguising California .
Movie studios in Hollywood , Metro - Goldwyn - Mayer , Disney Studios , 20th Century Fox , Paramount , Universal Pictures and others accepted the challenge and offered scenic designers , painters , art directors , landscape artists , animators , carpenters , lighting experts and prop men .
While not experienced in military affairs , this legion of experts from the movies would make Colonel Ohmer 's assignment considerably easier and entirely possible .
The bottom photo is a close - up of the one above it ( compare the white building on the right - hand side ) .
In the bottom photo men can be seen " working " - actually checking how the feather trees are hooding up .
In the early weeks of 1942 , March Field came alive .
You could run into a small farm being created complete with animals , a barn , a silo and other buildings .
Pastoral settings used frames of lumber and large spreads of canvas .
The whole thing achieved near reality when a neighbouring farmer grazed his cows near the phony buildings .
In other sections of March Field , scattered decoy aircraft made of canvas scraps , ration boxes , and burlap on chicken wire as well as flattened tin cans dominated the landscape .
None of these aircraft looked real up close but looked great from a distance .
Fake runways were made by burning grassy strips .
On high , they looked like the real thing .
In all 34 air bases were camouflaged to include the planting of fake foliage and structural cover .
Concurrently , Ohmer concealed key factories and assembly plants that may be targets , including Douglas Aircraft .
In a short period of time the entire area of the factory was camouflaged .
The Lockheed - Vega aircraft plant in Burbank was fully hidden beneath a complete suburb replete with rubber automobiles and peaceful rural neighborhood scenes painted on canvas .
Hundreds of fake trees and shrubs were positioned to give the entire area a 3 - dimensional appearance .
The trees and shrubs were created from chicken wire treated with adhesive , then covered with chicken feathers for leaves , then painted various shades of green ( with spots of brown , even ) .
Air ducts were disguised as fire hydrants .
This scene could n't fool the sensors of today .
Douglas Aircraft is the lower left quadrant of the scene .
Maintaining the illusion of a neighbourhood required signs of life and activity .
Workers emerged to relocate automobiles , and took walks on hidden catwalks .
Some took washing down from fake clotheslines only to replace it later at scheduled times .
Parked automobiles were moved to indicate drivers were using their cars daily and returning home from work .
Ohmer 's " suburb " brought requests for other camouflage projects .
In Seattle , Boeing Aircraft covered nearly 26 acres .
It became covered by a complete town with municipal buildings , a park , schools and homes .
Fake street
The disguise of California ceased to be critical when the US Navy dealt a smashing defeat to a Japanese carrier task force at Midway Island .
The threat of a serious attack against the West Coast diminished , then vanished .
Source : www.findarticles.com © 2004 US Air Intelligence Agency Lackland AFB , Texas
One thing I find interesting is that the above article makes the idea to disguise the west coast to be almost solely Colonel Ohmer's .
Yet the article on the previous page made the idea seem to be Donald Douglas Sr , with others copying him .
Electronic Encyclop æ dia of Civil Defense Douglas Aircraft underneath Douglas Aircraft Plant : United States .
1942 .
An extensive passive defense effort was initiated in April 1942 to protect the Douglas Aircraft factory in Santa Monica , California , through the application of one of the most extensive camouflage efforts ever undertaken .
Volunteers from various Hollywood film studios donated their own time to create a decoy plant several hundred yards away from the actual plant in an open field and to disguise the actual plant as a housing area .
Revetments provided protection for aircraft parking , and barrage balloons ringed both the real and decoy plants .
However , the main effort used careful painting to transform the runway into an urban residential area and the installation of a 3 - dimensional framework over the plant buildings complete with plywood houses and trees and bushes constructed of chicken wire and cloth to create a false hill .
The camouflage project was essentially completed by October 1942 .
Although the project was intended to protect the plant from Japanese photoreconnaissance , neither the Japanese Navy nor Army had the capability to undertake such a mission .
The level of detail achieved was only possible in a southern California environment ; heavy rain or snow would have caused the components to fail , giving away the location .
The car parking area .
taken from Stanley , Roy M II , To Fool A Glass Eye : Camouflage versus Photoreconnaissance in World War II , Washington , DC , Smithsonian Institution Press , 1998 .
Source : www.richmond.edu
See also : Douglas ' Dream Took Wing in Santa Monica ( the previous page in this section ) - for the history of Douglas Aircraft and more information and photos on the camouflage project .
Obituary : Donald W Douglas
Jr ( the next page in this section ) - the passing of an era ( and the last of the camouflage photos ) ...
To view other articles related to flying including history , unusual flying machines , hot air balloons , skydiving , gliding , problems , airports , turbulence , pilots , crashes , the Paris Air Show , the future , blimps , space travel , solar sails and more , clicking the " Up " button below takes you to the Table of Contents for this section on Flight .
Okay , we are trying something new today !
Today I am posting an excerpt from the autobiography I am forever writing .
This is what my non -blog - writing looks like .
Well , the non-fiction , anyway .
I ’m still terrified of putting up fiction .
I am pretty proud of this piece , because even now , years and years away from this moment in time , reading this makes me want to vomit .
That ’s a pretty evocative thing .
I wrote this during the last few months of my marriage .
Obviously , not a happy time .
I was constantly downing a rotten concotion of percocet , Ny - Quil , whiskey , valerian root , and enough coffee to counteract all of that completely , and then some .
I was a shaky , discombobulated , walking - into - chairs wreck .
This swam up during an odd moment of clear - headedness while waiting at a bus stop , and depressed me entirely : this is what I get when I ’m awake ?
This is the True Me ™?
Good lord , why have n’t I killed myself yet .
So , uh , yeah , TRIGGER WARNING x1000
In case anybody is skimming :
TRIGGER WARNING TO THE MAX
NOTHING ABOUT WHAT FOLLOWS IS HAPPY
Come
Even at my worst , there ’s joy to be had in every little thing .
Last night I pressed my back against my husband ’s long warm leg , curled around me in bed .
As I soaked up the heat , the feel of his skin , I thought reassuringly of all the places he no longer looks at my body , the places blisters and scars could be hidden like candy .
I felt disease spread through me , cold as ice water , tantalizingly sweet .
The blood that could be had .
A little something to look forward to in life .
And his leg , so warm and sweet , skin upon skin , in the dead of night .
Where is the evil hidden in us ?
It shifts , it moves , it adapts .
Until the leg of the man you love , and hate , pressed against a body you pray to shed , can still feel like the good and solid thing it is .
Human contact .
A moment .
A small joy .
Like a tide , the despair recedes to reveal a glittering ocean bed .
I am living moment to moment , clutching these small wonders .
I say too often I want to disappear , and maybe in that moment I do .
But the end will only come when there are no small delights , no leaves to crunch on the ground , no kittens , no shared laughter at an unexpected thing .
My husband says moment to moment is not enough .
If he can not see the future , he cannot enjoy the present – what if he is putting all his happiness into what later becomes a forewarning , a symbol of everything gone wrong ?
As if marriage were anything but .
I have told him , pain never comes from the direction it ’s expected .
Love what you ’ve got while you ’ve got it .
“ Look where that got you , ” he scoffs .
He and I both want me to say , “ Married to you . ”
That would be pain from the expected direction .
Instead , I bite my lip and think of taking a steak knife to the soles of my feet , the back of my knees .
Those were soft curved places he used to kiss till I told him how much I liked it , almost more than sex .
He would never see the scars now .
He fucks me like he watches porn , never looking at my face .
If the moment is not enough anyway , I wonder , why is he so angry I ca n’t come ?
Kiss me , touch me , I say .
It ’s better than coming .
Let ’s do everything we did before , when we were kids , but who cares if we get off .
Who needs that part of it .
Why do n’t I fuck you up the ass , he suggests .
You ’re not leaving me till I get every part of you .
And I think of his warm leg pressed against me , how he hates sleeping in the same bed because I press and cuddle against him in the dead of night , yet he stays because I ask him why he would want to go , leave this little warmth we have .
He stays to give me mine .
Little pleasures .
Little joys .
They ’re all a man has .
Who am I to say no to the things he wants , these last days .
I got lost in the city and ended up in the projects , watching two little boys play Frisbee in a parking lot .
Broken bottles glittered under the sickly yellow street lamps .
Neither of the boys managed to catch the Frisbee once , but , then , it was n’t a Frisbee either , but a blue plastic plate left over from a barbecue .
Still , when their respective mothers came out to haul them inside , they cried and ran , and hid the plate behind a gray little shrub , for another day .
If children can think the world of garbage , certainly I can be faithful to my wedding vows .
My husband steps out of the shower .
I remember that first year in college , the large handicapped stall in the dorm showers , where we fucked each other silly after smoking a joint .
I remember going back to the room and fucking till we had to shower again , not even bothering to stop when his roommate came in , making faces at each other to see who would stop feeling sexy and start laughing first .
I drop to the floor and wrap myself around his leg .
“ What are you doing , ” he sighs .
“ I ’m a koala , ” I say , hugging tighter .
“ Koala , koala . ”
“ Christ .
You do n’t get to be cute .
You ’re leaving me . ”
He shuts the door now , when he showers .
I have tried explaining to him that there can still be good things , even when the world is bad .
He does n’t believe me , says I must be faking it .
I ca n’t feel anything good .
I ca n’t feel anything .
No , no , I persist , I mean , everything can be at its worst , at its most horrible , and then all of a sudden maybe you see a kitty and the kitty is cute and you can still smile and like the kitty even if the world is all shit around you .
Your bad mood does n’t make the kitty ugly .
He stares at me for a long time .
He reminds me of the night I stayed away , at a friend ’s house , because I began hyperventilating every time I tried to go home .
“ I did n’t sleep all night , ” he tells me .
“ You kept me up .
I cried .
In front of my dad . ”
Jacob ’s eyes pierce at me , asking me to bleed for this .
“ Just before the sun went up I took a walk outside to smoke a cigarette .
I just wanted to kill .
I wanted to die . ”
He stares at me again , wanting me to know he means me , he means I did this , he means I deserve this .
I know , Jacob , I know .
“ And then from behind a house , there was a big mama kitty , and she was leading a lot of little baby kittens .
They were playing in the lawn and just the most adorable thing ever . ”
I nod and smile , about to say , see , you see what I mean , things can still be beautiful , why ca n’t we enjoy the good we have , when he continues , “ So I kicked them across the lawn . ”
When we were kids he used to come to my window in the middle of the night , telling me what he ’d done with his day , and how it made him think of loving me .
“ We can do that again , ” I whisper to him in bed , as he pulls away and I search for his leg , his back , this body I have loved for seven years .
“ When I move out , we can visit each other , surprise - like .
We can enjoy the time we have , instead of searching for a way to fill it .
Have something that holds us together , not just being in the same room . ”
“ I do n’t work that way , ” he says .
“ I ca n’t do it .
This is going to kill me .
But the worst part is — “ and he pulls away , taking the covers with him , “ I do n’t care .
I ’m gonna let you make a pussy out of me . ”
He pauses , sniffs .
“ At least there ’s one pussy in this bed willing to get fucked . ”
I stare at the moon out the window .
He is thinking of porn when he fucks me ; I think of the cold , the outside , every time I speak to him .
We ’re pretty much the same , these days .
“ Will you feel better if you can fuck me right now , ” I sigh .
He used to say no .
There was a time he would say no to an offer that flat .
There was a time he would n’t be able to get it up for me , lying there and staring out the window .
Now he says yes , and I wait for him to finish .
“ I ’m going to miss this , ” he says afterwards , peeling off the condom .
“ I ’m sorry . ” I am .
We stopped for a while , because it hurt .
We could n’t figure out how to stop it hurting .
The wedding vows say , in sickness and in health .
So I just do n’t tell him anymore .
He gets his little joy , and so do I .
The sick opens within me , like a flower .
I sink into the pain .
Later , I bleed .
I took a vow and it ought to hurt .
If promises felt good , everyone would keep them .
The night we watched the couples sex tape , I got drunk to keep from crying .
“ When I first saw her naked , ” one man says , “ it was the most beautiful thing in the world .
I felt like … like I could come right there , just looking at her . ”
His wife giggles and turns shyly away from the camera .
He grabs her face and turns it to him .
“ You know , honey , I still feel that way . ”
“ Look at that hat , ” my husband sneers , reading a D&D book at the foot of the couch .
“ Fuckin ’ cowboy .
He would marry a woman like that . ”
He goes out for a cigarette , comes back five minutes later .
I am half the bottle drunker .
“ Do you see anything you like , ” I hear myself asking , face buried in the couch so he can not see me choking back sobs .
“ Anything you want to do . ”
“ No . ” A door clicks , the computer turns on .
“ Tell me when it ’s over , ” he shouts into the living room .
The rest of the bottle drunker .
“ It ’s over . ”
It ’s over it ’s over it ’s over .
“ You wanna slow down on that whiskey , hon ? ”
It ’s over it ’s over it ’s over .
“ We should probably have sex . ”
“ Tell me when it ’s over . ”
“ I just do n’t have many kinks . ”
We are lying on opposite sides of the bed , naked .
He reaches over and pokes at my nipple , tickles my hip , all the places I have told him I hate to be touched .
I make a game of forcing myself to stay still , swallow the urge to ask him , for the hundredth time , to stop that .
To keep my face cold and flat as the moon out the window .
I give him my I - majored - in - Psychology voice .
“ It ’s not about kinks .
It ’s about rediscovering your partner and a sense of fun and adventure . ”
“ I have fun . ” I ’m bone dry , but he starts in anyway .
“ So do you . ”
“ Maybe we could have more . ”
My voice is flat as a tape recorder .
“ I ’m just not interested . ”
I imagine my heart is a cinder block .
It pumps gravel through my veins , weighing me down to the bed .
I ’m not human .
I do n’t feel things like real humans .
I do n’t feel this .
Now , suddenly , I start getting wet .
“ I guess there ’s one thing I ’d like to try … ”
He has gone back to poking my nipple .
I sigh wearily and turn on my side .
His hands follow me , forcing themselves under my arms as I cross them against my chest .
“ What . ”
“ Well … you know , my earliest fantasies were rape fantasies . ”
Pressure descends through the room .
The air is thick and heavy and if he was n’t my husband , I would listen to my body as it screams , “ Get out get out get out . ”
Instead I listen to the pumping of the cinder block .
Because he is my husband .
Sickness and health .
We must take what we can get , the small joys , even in sickness .
With shrink voice , to cover the dread , I ask , “ Do you mean non-consent fantasies , the no please do n’t but oh my god yes , or … ”
“ Both . ”
I sniff .
“ All right . ”
“ Well … we watched the video . ”
“ Uh huh . ”
“ We should probably have sex . ”
“ Yes , ” I say , drunker than I thought , not as drunk as I want to be .
“ The video says that ’s what couples should do .
We ’re a couple , right ?
Yes .
I guess that ’s what we ought to do .
Yes . ”
“ Want to take it easy on that whiskey , hon ? ”
“ Let ’s do it from behind . ”
“ Does n’t that usually hurt you ? ”
“ Yes . ” He will take his small joy , and I will take mine .
“ Are you gonna be okay with that ? ”
“ Whatever . ”
You are my knife , I think , during .
You are my knife and I love you .
I bleed .
That time .
The next time , and the next .
“ I ’ll make it quick , ” is our pillowtalk .
Little joys .
He gets his , and so do I .
The first year is the hardest , they say .
And marriage takes work , of course .
If I just bleed enough , I think , next year there will be calluses .
You take pleasure in what you can .
You find love in scars , which are the fingers of your lover across your skin , the warmth of their body pressed against you .
One finds joy in the cinder block that pounds away inside you , scraping your insides clean .
And marriage takes work , never - ending .
If you work hard enough , I tell myself , the joy will come .
It has to .
Nothing else on you does .
Over the past decade , Unprofound has grown into a global collaboration of photographers .
A My name is Jim .
I began this site in 2001 after having trouble finding quality , public domain photos online to use in my designs .
People just seemed interested in flaunting their portfolios or charging absurd amounts of money to license a photograph .
I bought a camera and bothered my photographer friends until I had a grasp on taking photos .
I shot what I needed , and some extras .
Eventually , I had a collection of photos going to waste so I figured I 'd put them online for other people to use with no strings attached .
Over the past decade , Unprofound has grown into a global collaboration of photographers .
A small group of people take photos for the site and I 've invited others to join in , including you .
Hopefully , it will grow into a useful resource for designers everywhere .
It is 100 % non-profit , and there are no ads here - but if you like what I 'm doing and feel the need to donate for server / bandwidth costs , there 's a button at the bottom of the page .
Thanks for showing interest in this .
HIGHLANDS RANCH , Colo .
— The top Drug Enforcement Administration officer in Denver says marijuana dispensaries that are popping up across the state are illegal .
Federal agents raided the home of a marijuana grower who spoke publicly about his large and profitable operation in his basement .
DEA agents arrested Chris Bartkowicz at his Highlands Ranch home Friday during a raid in which agents seized dozens of marijuana plants .
Denver DEA Special Agent in Charge Jeffrey Sweetin says marijuana is not medicine and is still illegal under federal law .
Sweetin said he ’s been gathering information on dispensary owners and their operations for months .
“ Technically , every dispensary in the state is in blatant violation of federal law , ” Sweetin told The Denver Post .
“ The time is coming when we go into a dispensary , we find out what their profit is , we seize the building and we arrest everybody .
They ’re violating federal law ; they ’re at risk of arrest and imprisonment . ”
The raids and Sweetin ’s comments come nearly four months after Deputy U.S. Attorney General David Ogden sent a memo advising federal law enforcement that people using medical marijuana in “ clear and unambiguous compliance with existing state laws ” not be targeted for arrest .
Sweetin said the memo deals with medical marijuana patients and small - scale growers , not commercial enterprises .
Guidelines in the memo call for examining the number of plants and the profits that exceed what state law intended in determining which ones are illegal , Sweetin said .
Parts of an interview Bartkowicz gave to Denver station KUSA - TV for a story that was to air Friday night were published in The Denver Post .
“ I ’m definitely living the dream now , ” he said before his arrest of his marijuana growing operation that he hoped would turn profits in the hundreds of thousands of dollars .
U.S. Attorney spokesman Jeff Dorschner said Bartkowicz would remain in custody through the holiday weekend before prosecutors decide Tuesday whether to file charges .
Meanwhile , about 95 miles south of Denver , jurors in Pueblo Saturday were deliberating a case that could clarify limits on how much medical marijuana users could grow .
Prosecutors Anthony Marzavas and Steve Jones argued that 55 - year - old Thomas Sexton used language in the state ’s constitutional amendment to manipulate the system to get more plants than needed .
Sexton faces marijuana cultivation and possession charges .
“ That ’s as simple as it gets , ” Jones said during closing statements Friday .
“ This is not a movement , it ’s a trial , and the law still exists that makes this a felony . ”
Police seized 128 marijuana plants when Sexton ’s home was raided in August 2007 .
Colorado ’s voter - approved medical marijuana law allows users to have 2 ounces of marijuana or six plants , but allows more under certain circumstances .
During his trial , Sexton told the jury that he uses medical marijuana because of pain caused by metal plates and braces screwed into his right femur following a 2004 skiing accident .
Sexton said he also provided marijuana for six patients , saying he and two others had a doctor ’s recommendation for additional marijuana .
Two of those patients testified that they eat their marijuana or distill the plant in oil or butter and use it as a topical solution , requiring more plants than if they smoked it .
Both cases come as medical marijuana proponents call for lawmakers to establish clear rules for dispensaries .
“ All we ’re trying to do is follow the rules , ” said Matt Brown , executive director of Coloradans for Medical Marijuana Regulation .
— ——
Information from : The Denver Post , http://www.denverpost.com
By Google ’s own admission , everything associated with their google .com / phone site is an experiment .
Like most everything the company does , it starts out in beta and constantly evolves .
this past week has seen two changes to the way things are handled for potential and existing Nexus One owners .
The first , and possibly , most welcome enhancement was the opening up of an actual phone line for support .
those of you who already have a Nexus One can call 888-48 - NEXUS ( 63987 ) .
daily from 7:00 am EST to 10:00 pm EST to speak with someone .
No more forum only support !
The other change made this week was lowering the equipment recovery fee ( ETF ) from $ 350 down to $ 150 .
While T - Mobile imposes their own early termination fee ( ETF ) , it has many scratching their heads as to why Google was charging so much on their side .
Whether related to recent FCC inquiries or by pure coincidence , customers are not looking at such a heavy dent in their pocket should they decide to cancel service .
Did any of you expect either of these changes ?
So quickly ?
What else would you like to see happen with their “ experiment ” ?
Most of Antarctica has about 2 1 / 2 miles of ice covering it , and that cold , white wasteland is what most people picture when they think of our south pole .
But as I discovered when I posted about its mysterious Blood Falls , there is a series of dry valleys in Antarctica , about 4,000 kilometers square , that have no ice on them at all .
The world 's harshest desert , the moisture is sucked from the dry valleys by a rain shadow effect -- winds rushing over them at speeds up to 200 / mph -- that leave this bizarre and fascinating landscape , much closer to that of Mars than the rest of our planet , open to exploration .
Lacking the resources ( or cojones ) to go there myself , these photos are by scientists and researchers who 've been there , and are included as part of galleries on the McMurdo Dry Valleys Management Area website .
The Valleys have been carved out by glaciers that have retreated , exposing valley floors and walls that typically have a top layer of boulders , gravel and pebbles , which are weathered and wind - sorted .
Lower layers are largely cemented together by ice .
Unusual surface deposits include marine sediments , ash , and sand dunes like this one :
Photo by Chris Kannen
Another thing you would n't expect to find in the coldest place on Earth ?
Running water .
In the summer , bodies of water unfreeze enough to make water flow , like the continent 's largest and longest river , the Onyx , which is fed exclusively by glacial melt .
This little stream is frozen , but you get the picture :
Photo by Sean Fitzimmons
However , there are some bodies of water in the dry valleys -- mostly small , hypersaline ponds -- that never freeze .
Imagine how strange it would be to find , in weather 100 degrees below zero ( and in the depths of a months - long night ) this little patch of salty liquid , known as Don Juan Pond :
Photo by Malcom McLeod
It looks so dry and calm in most of these pictures , it 's hard to comprehend just how arid and cold it really gets there .
Here are a few pictures that might help -- a dead seal , frozen solid and mummified , absolutely dehydrated .
Photo by Chris Kannen
And some very cold - looking rocks !
Photo by Andris Apse
Then there are places that look like they might as well be on the moon , like these pillars of dolerite in the Kennar Valley .
( They remind me of the tufa rock formations in California . )
Photo by Gretchen Williams
Below is a volcanic " labyrinth , " a very special formation of basalt , which geologist Edmond Mathez describes this way :
The dikes and sills of the Dry Valleys are the remnants of a kind of plumbing system through which magma worked its way to the surface in a series of eruptions about 180 million years ago .
Volcanic plumbing systems are rarely exposed at the surface .
The reason is simply that around active volcanoes , lava covers everything .
Exposed to view in various parts of the Dry Valleys , however , is a vertical slice of the dikes and sills immediately beneath the lavas , which cuts across layers of rock two and a half miles thick .
Hence along the valley walls , geologists can see much deeper into the volcanic plumbing than they can almost anywhere else .
Photo by Peter Rejcek
It 's not just scientists that visit the dry valleys , though .
Small groups of tourists are allowed to helicopter in from the Ross Sea , to a specially designated area near the Canada glacier -- so if you 're loaded and ready to freeze your buns off , that sounds like fun .
There 's also this guy , a painter named Nigel Brown , who won a fellowship to come and paint in the valleys .
Look , he made a weird painting of Blood Falls :
Photo by Tim Higham
If you 've ever dreamed about visiting an alien world , this is probably as close as any of us will be able to get .
Expenses body to cost six times more than MPs ' payback
Sir Ian Kennedy will be paid at a rate of £ 700 a day
The parliamentary body for policing expenses will cost about six times as much to set up as MPs have been ordered to repay .
Figures show the start - up cost for the Independent Parliamentary Standards Authority will be £ 6.6 m .
Last week ,
MPs were told to pay back £ 1.12 m of their second home expenses after an audit of their claims dating back to 2004 by Sir Thomas Legg .
Meanwhile , three MPs and a peer are facing charges over their expenses .
The Independent Parliamentary Standards Authority has replaced the Commons Fees Office , and most of its budget is expected to go on recruiting about 80 staff .
' One - off costs ' Chairman Sir Ian Kennedy will be paid £ 700 a day , He is expected to work a maximum of three days a week while the body is being established , and less time once it is up and running .
BBC political correspondent Norman Smith said the IPSA costs would come on top of the £ 1.1 m spent on Sir Thomas Legg 's audit and the inquiry by the standards watchdog Sir Christopher Kelly which cost £ 400,000 .
An IPSA spokeswoman said : " The estimated cost of setting up IPSA in 2009 / 10 is £ 6.6 m . "
She added that this " reflects one - off costs of establishing a new , independent public body of this sort , such as the acquisition of accommodation and IT systems " .
She also said : " Early estimates suggest that in direct staff costs , the team working directly on the expenses system within IPSA will cost less than the existing House of Commons arrangements . "
Appeals
There have been several inquiries related to MPs ' expenses .
HAVE YOUR SAY
What a complete waste of public money Joe , Stoke Watchdogs :
How much do they cost ?
The independent Committee on Standards in Public Life - chaired by Sir Christopher Kelly - set out recommendations on how the system should change in the future .
The proposals included banning MPs for claiming towards mortgage payments on second homes and from employing relatives .
The Independent Parliamentary Standards Authority , set up in the wake of the MP expenses revelations last year , is currently consulting on those proposed changes with Sir Ian saying he hopes to get a new system in place by the start of the next Parliament .
The three Labour MPs facing criminal charges in relation to their expenses are Elliot Morley , Jim Devine and David Chaytor .
Tory Peer Lord Hanningfield will also be charged under the Theft Act .
All four have said they denied any charges .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Sir Ian McKellen will return as wizard Gandalf
Shooting of the long - awaited film version of JRR Tolkien 's The Hobbit is set to begin in New Zealand in July .
Actor Sir Ian McKellen , who reprises his Lord of the Rings role as Gandalf the Grey , revealed casting is taking place in LA , London and New York .
Mexican - born film - maker Guillermo del Toro will direct the film and its proposed sequel .
The films will be prequels to the Lord of the Rings trilogy directed by Oscar winner Peter Jackson .
Jackson - together with his wife Fran Walsh - will produce the films , to be made back - to - back in New Zealand .
Writing on his official website , Sir Ian reports that shooting of the two films is expected to take more than a year , with Del Toro " now living in Wellington , close to the Jacksons ' and the studio in Miramar " .
McKellen added that the script was still being worked on , saying " the first draft is crammed with old and new friends , again on a quest in Middle - earth " .
Del Toro's other films include Hellboy and Pan's Labyrinth
Del Toro , best known for the Hellboy movies , has called the directing role " an absolute dream come true " .
His acclaimed Spanish - language fantasy Pan's Labyrinth won three Oscars and three Baftas in 2007 .
According to studio New Line , the first film will be an adaptation of The Hobbit , the novel Tolkien published before his Lord of the Rings cycle .
The second will be an original story focusing on the 60 years between the book and the beginning of the Rings trilogy .
In a ground - breaking operation , British surgeons claim to have transplanted an “ incompatible ” donor kidney on a female patient , after freezing and filtering her blood plasma to ensure that the new organ was n’t rejected .
Maxine Bath , who had been on dialysis for 15 years after kidney failure , received the “ incompatible ” donor kidney from her sister despite having dangerously low blood pressure , after no suitable donors were found .
The operation , carried out at the University Hospital in Coventry , involved the use of a “ cryofiltration ” system to remove plasma from the 41 - year - old ’s blood and then chill it , turning proteins and antibodies into a gel - like substance .
According to the surgeons , this allowed the antibodies , which can prevent a transplanted organ from being accepted , to be filtered away before the plasma was warmed up and returned to the patient , The Times reported .
Rob Higgins , a renal consultant , said that it was the first time the technique was used in a tissue “ incompatible ” transplant , adding it had been essential as other antibody - removal procedures would have lowered Ms. Bath ’s already low blood pressure even further .
“ This is an innovative measure we have implemented .
If Maxine had carried on with dialysis her chances were pretty slim , ” he said , adding that had she survived further dialysis , she would have gone blind because of her low blood pressure .
“ The number of people with severe kidney disease that require dialysis and transplantation is increasing in all western societies , mostly because of the increase in diabetes and ageing populations .
In some cases replacement plasma is used , rather than cryofiltration , but this is not always tolerated and can produce further drops in blood pressure , ” Dr. Higgins said .
The patient , Ms. Bath , added : “ Although it ’s not been long since I had the operation I ’m already feeling healthier .
I am looking forward to being able to eat food I could n’t have at all before like nuts and chocolate .
I just want to get back to a normal life . ”
Chris Rudge of U.K. ’s Department of Health ’s national clinical director of transplantation said that the technique was a valuable extension of continuous research into how to transplant kidneys from living donors in circumstances where the recipient had antibodies .
“ While the technique may apply to a limited number of patients , to the individual , if it makes the difference between no transplant and a transplant , then it ’s hugely important , ” Mr. Rudge said .
So get this : Guy likes Lamborghinis .
Guy likes Fords .
Guy takes a 2007 Mustang and shoves a massive V - 10 and transaxle into its middle .
We can't look away .
Advertisement
Building this monstrosity took one Mustang shell , one Mustang parts car , one Lamborghini Gallardo parts car , and several thousand hours of labor .
Everything from the transmission to the all - wheel - drive system is claimed to work .
And we 'll be damned if we know what to do with it .
What we have here depends entirely on how you view the universe .
A few things are undeniable :
The fabrication is impressive , the attention to detail staggering .
It is like that time you saw that gorgeous , six - foot - tall blonde in line at the grocery , heard her surprisingly deep voice , and then noticed she had an Adam 's apple .
You want to look away , but you can't .
And whether or not you like the end product , you cannot help but admire the effort that produced it .
Advertisement
The only details we have come from the folks who put it up for sale on Jameslist :
The crown jewel of our private collection : The Tractorri .
The short version ?
This is a body - in - white '07 Mustang shell with the mechanicals from a Lamborghini Gallardo underneath .
From the ABS to the AWD to the E - gear transmission everything works .
The long version adds two more Mustangs for parts , thousands of hours of labor and enough one - off parts to make most show cars blush .
Oh , and our president drives it around — he put over 1500 miles on it this summer alone !
Built and maintained by our own Rick Roush this is a werewolf in wolf 's clothing !
Check out the pictures for now and we 'll have a full description of the build and show history up shortly !
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Admit it : Much like the Alfabeast , this is appealing .
And you can't explain why .
Neither can we .
Advertisement
( Also , " Tractorri , " the official name for this project , ai n't cuttin ' it .
What would you call this thing ?
Stangallardo ?
Lambostang ?
Disgusting Ball of Horrible Greatness ? )
( Hat tip to Love ! )
The Dreamspell Calendar - Dr. Jose Arguelles August 17 , 1987 .
In 1987 , using ancient Mayan glyphs , Dr. Jose Arguelles created the Dreamspell calendar based on 13 Moons of 28 days .
The calendar harmonizes with natural cycles of the sun , moon , earth and planets .
It incorporates the 260 day count known as the Tzolk 'in .
The calendar has been used widely since the Harmonic Convergence August 16 Mayan Prophecy
The Mayan prophecies are closely linked to calendars and astronomy , and are complex , exacting and impressively accurate .
The Harmonic Convergence was part of the fulfillment of the ancient Mayan prophecy of the 13 Heavens of decreasing choice and the 9 Hells of increasing doom .
This event marked the opening of a gate leading to the final 25 years of the Mayan Great Cycle of 13 Baktuns ( BC 3113 - AD 2012 ) .
Humanity is now at the end of the ninth hell cycle , as the prophecy indicates , after which , the " Lord of the Dawn " would return .
This period is described as a time not only of new thinking , but of quantum shift and a new paradigm for humanity .
More about the Maya In 1773 , Don Ramon de Ordoñez y Aguilar discovered the ruins of an ancient city , Palenque , in the remote jungles of Central America .
Excavations revealed pyramids , temples and palaces .
Since then , explorers , scholars and writers have worked to learn more about the mysterious inhabitants who abandoned their city in 830 AD .
Like other cultures of Mesoamerica , the Maya used a 260 - day calendar , referred to as the Tzolk 'in .
The length of this calendar coincides with the average duration of human gestation .
Its purpose is to provide guidance in life through a consideration of the combined aspects of the 20 named days and 13 numbers , and to indicate the days on which sacrifice at certain ' number shrines ' might lead to desired results .
The days were commonly deified and invoked as ' Lordships ' .
The general Yucatec word for ' priest ' ( ah k'in ) referred to the counting of the days .
Within the social group of the priests at court , it was customary to pass the ' burden ' of the time - units on from one divine ' number bearer ' to the next .
What is often called Maya ' astronomy ' could also be called astrology , since it was a priestly science resting on the assumption of a correspondence between earthly events and the movements of heavenly bodies and constellations .
In Classic Maya texts , certain glyphs are read as references to the soul and ' co- essences ' , such as animals or other natural phenomena ( comets , lightning , etc. ) linked and protected the individual .
What will happen on December 21 , 2012 ?
The Maya believed their modern age , marked by the 26,000 - year ( 360 days / yr ) cycle of our solar system around the Pleiades star cluster , had begun on 12 August , 3114 , BC and was to end on 21st of December , 2012 followed by regeneration of earth and a time of galactic harmony .
At SpaceStationPlaza we expect good things in 2013 .
rexresearch.com
Afsaneh RABIEI Composite Metal Foam
http://www.nsf.gov/discoveries/disc_summ.jsp?cntn_id=112486&org=NSF
http://www.livescience.com/technology/081017-bts-metal-foams.html
( 17 October 2008 )
Foamy Invention Could Save Energy and Lives by Nate DeGraff ,
North Carolina State University Engineering Communications
Dr. Afsaneh Rabiei has invented an ultra-strong and lightweight composite metal foam .
Credit : College of Engineering at North Carolina State University
Doctoral student Lakshmi J. Vendra ( left ) and senior Judy Brown ( right ) help Dr. Rabiei with her research .
Credit : College of Engineering at North Carolina State University
She 's fluent in three languages .
She 's studied everywhere from Tehran to Tokyo to Cambridge , Mass .
And she 's invented a space - age material so light and strong that it could revolutionize everything from vehicle bumpers to armor to biomedical devices .
The ultra - high - strength composite metal foam created by Afsaneh Rabiei is a highlight of a well - traveled career during which the researcher has tried to learn everything she can about advanced materials .
The result : a brand new material that can save energy and lives .
" Basically , it is a new material for all sorts of safety devices , " said Rabiei , associate professor of mechanical and aerospace engineering at North Carolina State University .
Rabiei's invention is n't the first metal foam , but she says it 's the strongest .
The main weakness of existing metal foams is the varying sizes of their cells --- tiny pockets of space inside the material .
Instead , Rabiei used cells of standard sizes and combined them with a metallic matrix to support the cell walls .
A light , strong material
Rabiei has been working on high - performance materials for more than 20 years .
She studied materials science and engineering while getting her undergraduate degree at Sharif University of Technology in Tehran , Iran , in 1986 .
After spending some time in industry --- getting more experience in casting , welding and materials testing --- she returned to academia and obtained her Ph.D. in 1997 from The University of Tokyo .
Her work on the metal foams began when she was a post - doctoral researcher at Harvard University .
Along the way , she 's become fluent in English , Japanese and Persian and written four books and dozens of other publications .
The National Science Foundation awarded her a CAREER award in 2003 , and her goal with the funding was to develop a light , strong material that could be used saving lives and energy in the aerospace , medical , automotive and other industries .
After five years of work --- with a group of her students --- she has the results .
Rough traffic accident calculations show that by inserting two pieces of her composite metal foam behind the bumper of a car traveling 28 mph , the impact would feel the same to passengers as impact traveling at only 5 mph .
Applications : airplanes , boats
The results are most striking when the material is tested in a lab .
The test itself is exciting : a high - powered machine smashes a piece of steel foam straight down into the base plate of the machine , and then does the same thing with a piece of bulk steel .
When she examines the base plates under both samples , there ’s a clear indentation left under the bulk steel sample , while the plate under the foam shows no indentation .
The test shows how the foam absorbed the energy and protected the plate , while the steel simply transferred it to the base plate with no protection .
And since the bulk steel is three times heavier than the steel foam , it 's easy to see how the foam could attract car manufacturers looking for a bumper that will improve safety and gas mileage .
Rabiei sees plenty of uses for her invention , including in airplanes , boats , and structures that need impact protection with maintaining low weight .
It 's this high strength - to - density ratio --- defining a material that 's both strong and light --- that makes Rabiei 's foam unique .
" This material showed a much higher strength - to - density ratio than any metal foam that has ever been reported , " she said .
http://www.urweb.tv/UNC/metalfoam.html
High Performance Composite Metal Foam by Terry Bray
Researchers at NCSU are joining forces with innovative companies to introduce new and enhanced products to the marketplace .
Research and the commercialization of emerging technologies are key synergies of NCSU 's mission .
In support of that mission , the Office of Technology Transfer ( OTT ) promotes collaboration with industry partners to move university discoveries from the laboratory to the marketplace .
We are pleased to promote and foster beneficial relationships between academia and industry .
NCSU is currently seeking an industry partner to license a series of new methods for creating high - strength , ultra - light composite metallic foams that show 5 to 6 times greater strength to density ratio and over 7 times higher energy absorption than that of currently available metallic foams .
Researchers at NC State have developed , processed , and tested a new high - strength ultra - light material that combines the advantages of metal matrix composites with metallic foams .
Dr. Afsaneh Rabiei has produced a new generation of metal foams showing 5 to 6 times greater strength to density ratio and over 7 times higher energy absorption than that of currently available metallic foams .
As a result , the energy absorption of these materials is estimated to be over 80 times greater than the bulk material from which the foam is made .
Dr. Rabiei was interested in maintaining the advantages of metallic foams ( excellent rigidity / weight ratio , durability , isotropic absorption of energy at low and constant stress ) while improving the mechanical properties under cyclic compression loading .
The performance advantages of this metal foam are based on improving foam cell structure and reinforcing the cells with a metallic matrix .
The resulting novel , closed - cell , metallic foam composite is made from preform hollow metallic spheres and exhibits a strength of over 130 MPa in compression .
The densification for the new foam occurs at strains of approximately 50 - 65 % .
Summary
- Improved strength ( over 5 to 6 times higher strength to density ratio than that of currently
available foams )
- Greater energy absorption ( at 50 % strain over 65 MJ / m3 , which is at least 7 times greater than
that of other foams made from the same materials through different techniques )
- Greater uniformity of cell structure , leading to controlled , predictable product deformation under loading
- Potential for further strengthening the foam through adding reinforcements into the matrix
- Higher capability for manufacturing through machining , welding , and joining without the need for adding sandwich panels .
- Vehicle crumple zones / collision absorbers
- Lightweight aerospace vehicle structures
- Fire retardant structures
- Boat hulls
- Military vehicle / structure armor
- Oil - well drilling platforms
- Sound absorptive material
- Volumetric thermal or electric conductive material applications
- Electromagnetic shielding material
- Implantable biomedical devices
- Structural shock absorbers to protect against earthquake vibration
Inventor Biography
Dr. Afsaneh Rabiei serves as an Assistant Professor of Mechanical and Aerospace Engineering and as anAssociate Faculty Member of Biomedical Engineering at NC State since Aug. 2000 .
Dr. Afsaneh Rabiei received her Ph.D. in advanced materials at Research Center for Advanced Science and Technology , The University of Tokyo , Japan in 1997 within the area of mechanics and nondestructive evaluation of metal matrix composites .
Her prior working experience includes over 8 years of industrial experiences in materials science and processing including casting , welding and nondestructive testing .
She received her B.S. from the Department of Metallurgy and Material Science at Sharif University of Technology in Tehran , Iran in 1986 .
She worked at Harvard University as a post doctoral researcher from 1997 until 2000 .
Publications
MATERIALS TRANSACTIONS 47 ( 9 ) : 2148-2153 SEP
2006
Rabiei A , Vendra L , Reese N , et al .
Processing and characterization of a new composite metal foam http://apps.isiknowledge.com/WoS/CIW.cgi?SID=1CeADGoK8IcMM9LLoLc&Func=
Abstract&doc=3/6
MATERIALS SCIENCE AND ENGINEERING A-STRUCTURAL
MATERIALS
PROPERTIES MICROSTRUCTURE
AND PROCESSING 465 ( 1 - 2 ) : 59-67 SEP 15 2007
Vendra LJ , Rabiei A
A study on aluminum - steel composite metal foam processed by casting http://apps.isiknowledge.com/WoS/CIW.cgi?SID=1CeADGoK8IcMM9LLoLc&Func=
Abstract&doc=3/1
MATERIALS SCIENCE AND ENGINEERING A-STRUCTURAL
MATERIALS
PROPERTIES MICROSTRUCTURE
AND PROCESSING 404 ( 1 - 2 ) : 159-164 SEP 15 2005
Rabiei A , O'Neill AT
A study on processing of a composite metal foam via casting http://apps.isiknowledge.com/WoS/CIW.cgi?SID=1CeADGoK8IcMM9LLoLc&Func=
Abstract&doc=3/12
Dr. Rabiei's patent :
http://www.freshpatents.com/Composite-metal-foam-and-methods-of-preparation-thereof-
dt20060629ptan20060140813.php
Technical Insights division of Frost & Sullivan ( www.ti.frost.com) has an article in their High Tech Materials Alert on Dr. Rabiei 's new material published in their October 2006 issue .
journal Materials Science Forum Vols. 539-543 , March 2007 , pp. 1868-1873
Afsaneh Rabiei , Brian Neville , Nick Reese and Lakshmi Vendra , " New Composite Metal Foams Under Compressive Cyclic Loadings "
Materials Transaction , Japan Institute of Metals 47 - 49 , Sep. 2006 ,
A. Rabiei , L. Vendra , N. Reese , N. Young , B.P. Neville " processing and characterization of a new composite metal foam "
BP Neville , A. Rabiei , " Composite Metal Foams processed through Powder Metallurgy " , Materials and Design , in press http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.matdes.2007.01.026
Materials Science and Technology 2005
A. Rabiei , B. P. Neville , N. Reese and L. Vendra " Mechanical Properties of New Composite Metal Foams Under Compressive Monotonic and Fatigue Loadings " ,
MetFoam , 2005 , pp 369 - 374
A. Rabiei , L. Vendra , N. Reese , N. Young , B.P. Neville
" processing and characterization of a new composite metal foam " , fourth International conference on porous metals and metal foaming technology , Japan ,
A. Rabiei , Processing and Development a New Ultra - Light High - Strength Material , NSF - DMII awardee conference , St. Louis , Missouri , 2006
A. Rabiei , Processing and Development a New Ultra - Light High - Strength Material , NSF - DMII awardee conference , Tampe Arizona , 2005 5 . A. Rabiei , Processing and Development a New Ultra - Light High - Strength Material , NSF - DMII awardee conference , Tampe Arizona , 2007
A. Rabiei , A .O'Neil and B. Neville , " Processing and Development of a New High Strength Metal Foam " , MRS fall meeting 2004 , NN.11.4 , vol 851 , pp517-526
A. Rabiei , L. Vendra , " Elastic and Plastic Behavior of Composite Metal Foams under Compressive Loading " , Metfoam 2007 in press Afsaneh
MORE INFORMATION : Office of Technology Transfer
920 Main Campus Drive
Suite 400
Campus Box 8210
NCSU
Raleigh , NC 27695- 8210
919-515-7199
Terry Bray
terry_bray@ncsu.edu
US2006140813
Composite Metal Foam and Methods of Preparation Thereof
2006-06-29
Classification : - international : B22F3/11 ; B22F3/11 - European : B22F3/11B4
Abstract ---
The present invention is directed to composite metal foams comprising hollow metallic spheres and a solid metal matrix .
The composite metal foams show high strength , particularly in comparison to previous metal foams , while maintaining a favorable strength to density ratio .
The composite metal foams can be prepared by various techniques , such as powder metallurgy and casting .
FIELD OF THE INVENTION
[ 0003 ]
The present invention is directed to composite metal foams and methods of preparation thereof .
The composite metal foams generally comprise hollow metallic spheres and a solid metal matrix .
BACKGROUND
[ 0004 ]
Metallic foams are a class of materials with very low densities and novel mechanical , thermal , electrical , and acoustic properties .
In comparison to conventional solids and polymer foams , metal foams are light weight , recyclable , and non -toxic .
Particularly , metal foams offer high specific stiffness , high strength , enhanced energy absorption , sound and vibration dampening , and tolerance to high temperatures .
Furthermore , by altering the size and shape of the cells in metal foams , mechanical properties of the foam can be engineered to meet the demands of a wide range of applications .
[ 0005 ]
Various methods are presently known in the art for preparing metallic foams .
According to one method , metal powders are compacted together with suitable blowing agents , and the compressed bodies are heated above the solidus temperature of the metal matrix and the decomposition temperature of the blowing agent to generate gas evolution within the metal .
Such " self - expanding foams " can also be prepared by stirring the blowing agents directly into metal melts .
Metallic foams can also be prepared as " blown foams " by dissolving or injecting blowing gases into metal melts .
Metallic foams can also be prepared by methods wherein gasses or gas - forming chemicals are not used .
For example , metal melts can be caused to infiltrate porous bodies which are later removed after solidification of the melt , leaving pores within the solidified material .
[ 0006 ]
Metallic foams have been shown to experience fatigue degradation in response to both tension and compression .
Plastic deformation under cyclic loading occurs preferentially within deformation bands , until the densification strain has been reached .
The bands generally form at large cells in the ensemble , mainly because known processes for producing these materials do not facilitate formation in a uniform manner .
Such large cells develop plastically buckled membranes that experience large strains upon further cycling and will lead to cracking and rapid cyclic straining .
As a result , the performance of existing foams has not been promising due to strong variations in their cell structure ( see Y. Sugimura , J. Meyer , M. Y . He , H. Bart - Smith , J. Grenstedt , & A. G. Evans , " On the Mechanical Performance of Closed Cell Al Alloy Foams " , Acta Materialia , 45 ( 12 ) , pp. 5245-5259 ) .
[ 0007 ]
In the production of closed cell metallic foams , one obstacle is the inability to finely control cell size , shape , and distribution .
This makes it difficult to create a consistently reproducible material where the properties are known with predictable failure .
One method for creating a uniform closed cell metallic foam is to use prefabricated spheres of a known size distribution and join them together into a solid form , such as through sintering of the spheres , thereby forming a closed cell hollow sphere foam ( HSF ) .
[ 0008 ]
Hollow metal spheres , such as those available from Fraunhofer Institute for Manufacturing and Advanced Materials ( Dresden , Germany ) , can be prepared by coating expanded plastic spheres ( e.g. , polystyrene ) with a powdered metal suspension .
The spheres are then placed into a mold and are heated to pyrolize the polystyrene and powder binder , and to sinter the metal powder into a dense , solid shell .
Metal foams previously prepared through sintering of such hollow metal spheres are plagued by low strength .
Foams prepared by sintering metal spheres made of stainless steel , when under compression , have been shown to undergo densification at a stress of approximately 2 to 7 MPa , reaching a strain of over 60 % .
[ 0009 ]
Accordingly , it is desirable to have metallic foams wherein cell size , shape , and distribution are controllable , and wherein high strength is exhibited .
Such goals are achieved by the composite metal foams of the present invention and the methods of preparation thereof .
SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION
[ 0010 ]
The present invention is a composite metallic foam comprising hollow metal spheres and a solid metal matrix .
The foam exhibits low density and high strength .
Generally , the composite metallic foam is prepared by filling in the spaces around the hollow metallic spheres , thus creating a solid matrix .
Such preparation can be by various methods , including powder metallurgy techniques and casting techniques .
The composite metallic foams of the invention have unique properties that provide use in multiple applications , such as marine structures , space vehicles , automobiles , and buildings .
The foams are particularly useful in applications where weight is critical and vibration damping , as well as energy absorption , are useful , such as blast panels for military applications and crumple zones for automotive crash protection .
The application of the foams can also be extended into biomedical engineering as medical implants and even to civil engineering for earthquake protection in heavy structures .
[ 0011 ]
The composite metal foams of the invention , partly due to their controlled porosity ( through use of preformed hollow metallic pieces ) and foam cell wall support ( through addition of a metal matrix surrounding the hollow metallic pieces ) , exhibit highly improved mechanical properties , particularly under compression loading .
Accordingly , the strength of the inventive composite metal foams is many times higher than other metallic hollow sphere foams .
Furthermore , the energy absorption of the inventive foams is much greater than the bulk material used in the foams ( on the order of 30 times to 70 times greater ) , while the inventive foams also maintain a density well below that of the bulk materials .
[ 0012 ]
In one aspect of the invention , there is provided a composite metal foam comprising a plurality of hollow pieces ( preferably hollow metallic pieces ) and a metal matrix generally surrounding the hollow pieces .
The hollow pieces and the matrix can be comprised of the same or different materials .
In one embodiment , the hollow pieces are metallic spheres comprising steel , and the metal matrix comprises steel .
In another embodiment , the metal matrix comprises aluminum , while the hollow spheres comprise steel .
[ 0013 ]
According to another aspect of the invention , there is provided a method of preparing a composite metallic foam comprising placing a plurality of hollow metallic pieces in a mold and filling the spaces around the hollow metallic pieces with a metal matrix - forming material .
The method can be carried out through the use of various techniques , such as powder metallurgy or metal casting .
[ 0014 ]
In one particular embodiment according to this aspect of the invention , the method comprises the following steps : arranging a plurality of hollow metallic pieces in a mold ; filling the spaces around the hollow metallic pieces with a matrix - forming metal powder ; and heating the mold to a sintering temperature , thereby forming a solid metal matrix around the hollow metallic pieces .
Various packing techniques , such as vibrating the mold according to a specific frequency , or varying frequencies , can be used for maximizing packing density of the metallic pieces within the mold .
Further , such techniques can also be used during the step of filling the spaces around the hollow metallic pieces to facilitate movement of the metal powder through the mold and around the hollow metallic pieces .
[ 0015 ]
The method can further comprise applying pressure to the hollow metallic pieces and the matrix - forming metal powder within the mold , as would commonly be done in powder metallurgy techniques .
Such compression within the mold can be carried out for the duration of the sintering step of the method .
[ 0016 ]
According to another embodiment of the invention , the method comprises the following steps : arranging a plurality of hollow metallic pieces in a mold ; casting a matrix - forming molten metal into the mold , thereby filling the spaces around the hollow metallic pieces ; and solidifying the liquid metal , thereby forming a metal matrix around the hollow metallic pieces .
As noted above , various packing techniques , such as vibrating the mold , can be used for maximizing packing density of the metallic pieces within the mold .
BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF THE DRAWINGS
FIG .
1 is an optical image providing a cross-sectional view of a 3.7 mm hollow metallic sphere useful according to the present invention ;
FIG .
2 is a cross-sectional view of a composite metal foam of the invention comprising hollow steel spheres surrounded by a metal matrix formed by powder metallurgy using steel powder ;
FIG .
3 is a detailed cross-sectional view of a composite metal foam formed by powder metallurgy , according to one embodiment of the invention , comprising hollow steel spheres surrounded by a steel matrix ;
FIG .
4 is a cross-sectional view of the composite metal foam shown in FIG .
3 providing an even greater detailed view of the metal matrix ;
FIG .
5 is a SEM image of the composite metal foam of FIG .
2 showing a cross-section of two steel spheres in contact with each other and the steel matrix filling the spaces around the spheres ;
FIG .
6 is another SEM image of the composite metal foam of FIG .
2 showing a cross-section of two spheres not in contact and the steel matrix filling the spaces between and around the spheres ;
FIG .
7 is a three - dimensional drawing of a permanent casting mold useful in one embodiment of the invention ;
FIG .
8 is a cross-sectional view of a permanent casting mold useful in one embodiment of the invention ;
FIG .
9 is a cross-sectional view of a composite metal foam of the invention formed by casting molten aluminum around hollow steel spheres ;
FIG . 10 is a SEM image of a cross-section of a composite metal foam of the invention showing an aluminum matrix between two hollow steel spheres ;
FIG . 12 is a SEM image of a cross-section of a composite metal foam of the invention formed by casting an aluminum matrix around hollow steel spheres and shows ( a ) four spheres embedded in the matrix with a visible void at the interface of two spheres , and ( b ) a detail view of the aluminum matrix showing the different phases present ;
FIG . 13 is a cross-sectional optical image of three composite metal foams prepared according to various embodiments of the invention ;
FIG . 14 is a chart of the stress - strain curves of composite metal foams according to various embodiments of the invention under monotonic compression ;
FIG . 16 is a chart showing a curve of strain versus number of cycles during a compression fatigue test of a cast composite metal foam according to one embodiment of the invention ; and
DETAILED DESCRIPTION OF THE INVENTION
[ 0034 ]
The invention now will be described more fully hereinafter with reference to the accompanying drawings , in which preferred embodiments of the invention are shown .
These embodiments are provided so that this disclosure will be thorough and complete , and will fully convey the scope of the invention to those skilled in the art .
Indeed , the invention may be embodied in many different forms and should not be construed as limited to the embodiments set forth herein ; rather , these embodiments are provided so that this disclosure will satisfy applicable legal requirements .
As used in the specification , and in the appended claims , the singular forms " a " , " an " , " the " , include plural referents unless the context clearly dictates otherwise .
[ 0035 ]
The composite metallic foam of the present invention combines the advantages of metal matrix composites with the advantages of metallic foams to provide higher strength metallic foams of controlled porosity .
The inventive metal foams generally comprise a plurality of hollow metallic pieces and a metal matrix filling the spaces around the metallic pieces .
[ 0036 ]
Metal matrix composites are generally understood to be metals that are reinforced with various materials .
Such materials can include natural or synthetic fibers or particulate matter .
Materials particularly useful include boron , silicon carbide , graphite , alumina tungsten , beryllium , titanium , and molybdenum .
Fibers may be continuous filaments or discontinuous fibers .
Examples of natural discontinuous fibers include hair or whiskers .
The reinforcements , of which the above are only non-limiting examples thereof , can be chosen for specific purposes , such as increasing stiffness , strength , heat resistance , and wear resistance .
Combining the advantages of metal matrix composites with the advantages of metal foams results in the composite metal foams of the invention , which exhibit increased strength , as well as additional beneficial properties as discussed herein .
[ 0037 ]
The composite metal foams of the invention comprise hollow pieces .
In a particular embodiment of the invention , the hollow pieces are spherical in shape ( i.e. , " hollow spheres " ) .
While such a shape is particularly useful , the hollow pieces comprising the metal foam can also take on other geometric shapes as could be beneficial for imparting improved properties to the finished composite metal foam .
For simplicity , the hollow pieces used in the invention are described herein by the particular spherical embodiment .
However , description of the hollow pieces as spheres is not intended to limit the scope of the hollow pieces , which can take on other shapes .
[ 0038 ]
The hollow spheres used in the composite metal foams of the invention can comprise any material that would be useful for providing strength in an overall composite foam of the invention and can withstand the preparation process , such as powder metallurgy or casting , as described herein .
In one preferred embodiment , the hollow spheres are metallic .
[ 0039 ]
Hollow metallic spheres , according to the invention , can comprise any metal generally recognized as being useful for preparing metal foams , metal matrix composites , or other metal components useful in various industries , such as automotive , aerospace , construction , safety materials , and the like .
Particularly useful are metals commonly used in applications where lightweight materials , or materials exhibiting relatively low density , are desirable .
For example , the hollow spheres can comprise iron ( and alloys thereof ) , aluminum , titanium , nickel , ceramics , such as alumina and silica carbide , and the like .
The metals comprising the hollow spheres can be a single , essentially pure metal ; however , the term metal , as used herein to describe the components of the composite metal foams of the invention , can also refer to metal mixtures , including alloys , intermetallic compounds , such as titanium aluminide , and the like .
Further , the metals can include trace components as would be recognizable as being beneficial , as well as non-detrimental trace impurities .
In one particularly preferred embodiment , the hollow metallic spheres are comprised of steel , such as stainless steel or low carbon steel .
The composition of one type of low carbon steel and one type of stainless steel ( 316L stainless steel ) useful in particular embodiments of the invention are provided in Table 1 .
TABLE - US - 00001 TABLE 1 Exemplary Metal Compositions for Hollow Metallic Spheres Type Composition Low Carbon Steel : < 0.007 % carbon and 0.002 % oxygen ; remaining balance iron 316L Stainless Steel : 0.03 % carbon , 0.3 % oxygen , 17 % chromium , 13 % nickel , 0.9 % silicon , 0.2 % manganese , 2.2 % molybdenum , and remaining balance iron
[ 0040 ]
The average size of the hollow metallic spheres can vary depending upon the desired physical properties of the finished composite metal foam .
Average size of the spheres is generally evaluated in terms of sphere diameter .
When considering the physical properties of the finished composite metal foam , though , sphere wall thickness must also be considered .
Accordingly , assuming sphere wall thickness remains unchanged , the use of spheres having a greater average diameter would be expected to result in a finished composite metal foam of lower density than if spheres of smaller average diameter are used .
The average diameter is also limited by the size and dimensions of the finished composite metal foam .
For example , if the desired finished composite metal foam is a metal sheet having a 25 mm thickness , the hollow metallic spheres would necessarily need to have an average diameter of less than 25 mm .
[ 0041 ]
The hollow metallic spheres used in the invention generally have an average diameter of about 0.5 mm to about 20 mm .
Preferably , the spheres have an average diameter of about 1 mm to about 15 mm , more preferably about 1.5 mm to about 10 mm , still more preferably about 2 mm to about 8 mm , most preferably about 2.5 mm to about 6 mm .
In one particular embodiment , hollow metallic spheres having an average diameter of about 3 mm to about 4 mm ( nominally about 3.7 mm ) have been used to prepare the composite metal foam of the invention .
Depending upon the desired properties of the composite metal foam , other sphere sizes can also be used .
[ 0042 ]
As noted above , sphere size is also described by the sphere wall thickness , which similarly affects the physical properties of the finished composite metal foams .
For example , assuming sphere average diameter is unchanged , the use of spheres having a lesser average wall thickness would be expected to result in a finished composite metal foam of lower density than if spheres of greater average wall thickness are used .
Accordingly , in one embodiment of the invention , it is desirable to minimize wall thickness .
If wall thickness is too minimal , though , strength of the finished composite metal foams can be compromised .
It is therefore beneficial to use spheres wherein the ratio of wall thickness to average sphere diameter is in a range where density of the finished composite metal foam is minimized but overall strength of the composite metal foam is not appreciably sacrificed .
[ 0043 ]
The hollow metallic spheres of the invention generally have an average wall thickness that is about 1 % to about 30 % of the average diameter of the spheres .
Preferably , the average sphere wall thickness is about 1 % to about 15 % of the average sphere diameter , more preferably about 1.5 % to about 10 % , still more preferably about 2 % to about 8 % , and most preferably about 2.5 % to about 7 % of the average sphere diameter .
In one particular embodiment , the average sphere wall thickness is about 5 % of the average sphere diameter .
A cross-section of a hollow metallic sphere , such as useful according to the invention is shown in FIG .
1 ( note that the sphere in the figure has not been cut through the diameter of the sphere ) .
As seen in the Figure , the sphere walls have a generally uniform thickness .
This is particularly advantageous in that composite metal foams , according to the invention , can be prepared to uniform porosity , said porosity being easily adjustable by use of hollow metallic spheres of a desired average diameter and average wall thickness .
[ 0044 ]
Preferentially , the percentage and size of porosities in the sphere walls are minimized to increase stability of the spheres during processing of the foams .
For example , when casting techniques are used in preparing the composite metal foams , minimizing sphere wall porosity decreases the possibility of the matrix - forming molten metal penetrating the cavities of the spheres .
Such penetration should be avoided as filling of the cavities could reduce the overall pore volume of the composite metal foam , unnecessarily increasing the overall density of the foam .
In one embodiment , sphere wall porosity is less than about 12 % .
Preferably , sphere wall porosity is less than about 10 % , more preferably less than about 8 % , most preferably about 5 % or less .
[ 0045 ]
In addition to the hollow metallic pieces , the composite metal foam of the invention also comprises a matrix surrounding the hollow metallic pieces .
The matrix generally comprises a metal , and the type of metal comprising the matrix can be varied depending upon the technique used in preparing the composite metal foam of the invention .
[ 0046 ]
According to one embodiment , the metal comprising the matrix can be the same metal type comprising the hollow metallic pieces .
According to another embodiment , the metal comprising the matrix is a different metal type than that comprising the hollow metallic pieces .
Preferably , the metal matrix includes a metal that is generally lightweight but still exhibits good strength attributes .
The use of such metals is beneficial for maintaining a high strength to density ratio in the finished composite metal foam of the invention .
As before , the metal comprising the metal matrix can be an essentially pure single metal or can be a mixture of metals .
In one particular embodiment , the metal matrix comprises steel .
In another embodiment , the metal matrix comprises aluminum .
[ 0047 ]
Matrix composition may at least partially be dependant upon the method of preparation of the composite metal foam .
The composite metal foams of the invention can be prepared through various techniques known in the art .
While the use of such techniques would not be readily apparent for preparing metal foams , one of skill in the art , with the benefit of the present disclosure , could envision similar techniques which could be used in preparing the composite metal foams of the invention .
Such further techniques are also encompassed by the present invention .
[ 0048 ]
According to one embodiment of the invention , there is provided a method for preparing a composite metal foam by powder metallurgy .
According to this method , the hollow metallic spheres are first placed inside a mold .
At this point , it should be noted that the composite metal foam can be prepared directly in the final desired shape through use of a mold designed to provide the desired shape .
Alternately , the composite metal foam may be prepared as a " stock " piece ( e.g. , a large rectangle ) and then be cut to the desired final shape .
The size of the composite metal foam prepared according to this embodiment of the invention is generally limited by the size of the mold .
[ 0049 ]
The metallic spheres are preferentially arranged in the mold to be in a specific packing arrangement .
Desirably , the packing arrangement is such that the metallic spheres are in their most efficient packing density ( i.e. , most closely packed ) .
As such , the open space between the spheres is minimized , and the number of spheres arranged in the mold is maximized .
In this packing arrangement , the porosity of the finished composite metal foam is maximized , which correlates into a minimized density .
[ 0050 ]
The arrangement of the metallic pieces in the mold can be facilitated through mechanical means , such as vibrating the mold .
In embodiments where metallic spheres are used , vibration is particularly useful as the spheres tend to " settle " into a most preferred packing density .
For example , such vibration can be performed using an APS Dynamics model 113 shaker and an APS model 114 amplifier with a General Radio 1310 - B frequency generator .
Vibrating at specific frequencies may be beneficial for facilitating a closest packing density or for minimizing the time necessary to obtain such a packing density .
Vibrating time may vary depending upon the size of the mold , the average size of the hollow metallic pieces , the average size of the metal powders , and the frequency of the vibration .
Generally , vibrating can be performed for a period of time up to about 12 hours , although longer or shorter time periods may be necessary or sufficient .
In one particular embodiment , vibrating is performed for a period of time ranging between about 30 seconds and about 4 hours , preferably about 1 minute to about 3 hours , more preferably about 5 minutes to about 2 hours .
[ 0051 ]
Similarly , other mechanical means can be used for facilitating packing density .
Computer modeling could also be used to determine optimum packing techniques , including establishing sphere sizes most useful for optimum packing densities in light of mold size and shape .
Where computer modeling is used , automated packing of the spheres could be beneficial for arranging the spheres in a maximized packing density .
Further , in embodiments where hollow metallic pieces having a non-spherical geometry are used , different mechanical means could be used for establishing the most efficient packing density of the metallic pieces given their geometries .
[ 0052 ]
Once the hollow metallic spheres have been arranged in the mold , a matrix - forming metal powder is introduced into the mold , filling the spaces around the hollow metallic spheres .
Again , mechanical means , such as vibrating , can be used to facilitate movement of the metal powder around the hollow metallic spheres , preferentially completely filling any voids within the mold .
Multiple rotations of adding powder and applying mechanical means to move the powder into the voids between spheres within the mold could be used to ensure complete filling of the mold .
Further , it may be beneficial , particularly when filling large molds , or molds of complex shape , to alternate introduction of the spheres and the matrix forming powder into the mold to ensure complete filling of the spaces between the hollow metallic pieces .
[ 0053 ]
As previously noted , the metal powder used in the powder metallurgy process can comprise various different metals , the metal being the same metal type or a different metal type as the metal comprising the hollow metallic spheres .
In one embodiment , the composite metal foam comprises hollow steel spheres and aluminum powders .
In another preferred embodiment , the composite metal foam comprises hollow steel spheres and steel powder .
Particular , non-limiting examples of materials useful as a metal matrix , according to certain embodiments of the invention , are 316L stainless steel , Ancorsteel - 1000C steel , and aluminum 356 alloy , the compositions of which are provided in Table 2 .
TABLE -US - 00002 TABLE 2 Exemplary Metal Powder Matrix - Forming Compositions Type Composition 316L stainless steel : 0.03 % carbon , 0.3 % oxygen , 17 % chromium , 13 % nickel , 0.9 % silicon , 0.2 % manganese , 2.2 % molybdenum , and remaining balance iron Ancorsteel - 1000C steel : 0.003 % carbon , 0.006 % phosphorus , 0.007 % sulfur , 0.002 % silicon , 0.005 % oxygen , 0.003 % nickel , 0.02 % molybdenum , 0.1 % manganese , 0.05 % copper , 0.02 % chromium , and remaining balance iron Pure Aluminum : 99.9 % Al
[ 0054 ]
Choice of metal powder can depend upon the desired physical properties of the composite metal foam .
Further , choice of metal powder can be limited by such characteristics as particle size and flow characteristics .
For example , electrostatic interactions can limit the flow of some powder types leading to agglomeration and incomplete filling of the voids between the hollow metallic spheres .
[ 0055 ]
Choice of metal powder can also be limited by chemical and physical changes in the matrix material brought about by sintering .
For example , it is known that the strength of sintered steel increases with increasing carbon content , up to a bout 0.85 % carbon ( see ASM Metals Handbook , 9.sup.th Edition , Vol. 7 , " Powder Metallurgy " , American Society for Metals , 1984 , which is incorporated herein by reference ) .
Beyond this , a network of free cementite begins to form at the gain boundaries .
Additionally , it has been shown that for similar sintering conditions , shrinkage decreases with increasing carbon content up to 8 % , at which no shrinkage was noted ( see , N. Dautzenberg , Powder Metallurgy International , vol. 12 , 1971 and Dautzenberg and Hewing , Powder Metallurgy International , vol. 9 , 1977 , both of which are incorporated herein by reference ) .
[ 0056 ]
Further considerations in choosing the metal matrix - forming powder arise from the possible formation of unsuitable intermetallic compounds during sintering .
Such formation can be prevented , to some extent , by controlling sintering conditions .
For example , when using an aluminum powder matrix - forming material with hollow steel spheres , diffuision of matrix material into the spheres and the formation of a brittle intermetallic phase may occur , particularly with slow process and prolonged exposure of the combination of iron and aluminum at higher temperatures .
[ 0057 ]
The metal powder is preferentially of a particle size capable of achieving a favorable packing system for maximizing matrix density .
For example , in one embodiment , aluminum powder is used , the powder being a 98 % pure mixture of the following components : 75 % H - 95 Al powder ( about 100 micron particle size ) ; 14 % H - 15 Al powder ( about 15 micron particle size ) ; and 11 % H - 2 Al powder ( about 2 micron particle size ) .
Such powders are available commercially from vendors , such as Valimet , Inc. ( Stockton , Calif . ) .
A powder composition , such as described above , is close to the ideal 49:7:1 ratio to achieve an optimum trimodal packing system for greater matrix density .
In another embodiment , Ancorsteel - 1000 C iron powder is used .
The powder is sieved to 81.3 % - 325 mesh ( 44 micron ) powder and 18.7 % - 400 mesh ( 37 micron ) powder .
Ancorsteel - 1000
C powder is commercially available from ARC Metals ( Ridgway , Pa. ) .
In further embodiments , powders of an essentially uniform particle size , or of various particles sizes , can be used for maximizing matrix density .
For example , powders having particle sizes most favorable for achieving an optimum bimodal packing system could also be used .
[ 0058 ]
In one embodiment , the metal powders used as a matrix - forming metal powder in the invention have an average particle size of about 1 .mu.m to about 200 .mu.m .
Preferably , the metal powder has an average particle size of about 10 .mu. m to about 100 .mu.m , more preferably about 15 .mu. m to about 75 .mu.m , most preferably about 20 .mu. m to about 50 .mu.m .
[ 0059 ]
Metal powders , such as those described above , can be used alone as the matrix forming metal powder .
Alternately , further additional components can be combined with the metal powder .
For example , in one embodiment of the invention , the metal powder further includes carbon in the form of - 300 mesh crystalline graphite to further increase the strength of the low carbon steel matrix , as described above .
[ 0060 ]
Further reinforcement agents can also be added to the metal powder prior to introduction of the powder into the mold .
For example , natural or synthetic fibers or particulate matter could be mixed with the metal powder , or added into the mold , to provide additional benefits , such as increased strength or heat resistance .
[ 0061 ]
Once the spaces around the hollow metallic spheres have been filled with the matrix - forming metal powder , the mold is heated to a sintering temperature , the appropriate temperature being dependant upon the composition of the powder and the composition of the metallic spheres .
Where the metal powder has a sintering temperature well below the sintering temperature of the metallic spheres , the lower temperature may be used , thereby sintering the metal powder and forming a solid metal matrix around the hollow metallic spheres .
When the metallic spheres and the metal powder comprise the same metal , or different metals having similar sintering temperatures , the metal powder and , to some extent , the metallic spheres are sintered , thereby forming a solid metal matrix around the hollow metallic spheres .
[ 0062 ]
In one embodiment , the metal powder is sintered with the contents of the mold under pressure , such as in a hot press .
Pressure values can vary depending upon the mechanical and physical properties of the spheres .
Further , sphere size can also affect the applied pressure range .
Acceptable pressure ranges can be calculated based upon the yield strength of the hollow sphere and the permissible load that can be applied to the spheres without any permanent deformation of the spheres .
[ 0063 ]
According to one embodiment , sintering is conducted without application of external pressure .
In this embodiment , thermal expansion of the spheres during sintering and the resulting localized pressure around the spheres were used to facilitate pressing of the powder into the spaces between the spheres .
The results show minimal porosity in the matrix of the composite metal foam after sintering .
[ 0064 ]
Sintering temperature can vary depending upon materials used in the spheres and , particularly , in the matrix - forming metal powder .
In one embodiment , where hollow steel spheres and aluminum powder are used , the sintering is performed at a temperature of about 630. degree .
C. In another embodiment , where hollow steel spheres and steel powder are used , the sintering is at a temperature of about 1200 . degree .
C. Preferably , sintering is performed at a temperature sufficient to exceed the solidus temperature of the metal matrix - forming powder but remain below the liquidus temperature of the powder .
Further , preferably , the sintering temperature does not exceed the solidus temperature of the hollow metallic spheres .
In one particular embodiment , sintering is performed at a temperature of between about 500. degree .
C. and about 1500 . degree .
C. , preferably between about 550. degree .
C. and about 1400 . degree .
C. , more preferably between about 600. degree .
C. and about 1300 . degree .
C .
[ 0065 ]
Sintering time can also vary depending upon the materials used in the hollow metallic spheres and the metal matrix - forming powder .
Sintering time also varies , however , based upon the relative size of the mold ( and therefore the size of the sample being prepared ) .
Larger molds obviously require a longer sintering time to ensure sintering completely through the thickness of the sample .
Likewise , smaller molds requires a lesser sintering time .
Size considerations in relation to sintering time generally follow guidelines similar to those previously provided in relation to powder metallurgy processes .
[ 0066 ]
Sintering conditions are preferably optimized to achieve improved mechanical properties .
In one preferred embodiment , a duplex cycle is used to provide improved mechanical properties due to different sintering mechanisms taking place at each temperature .
Such a method generally comprises cycling temperature increase phases with temperature hold phases .
In one particular embodiment , where a composite metal foam is prepared using steel spheres and steel powder , the sample is heated at 10 . degree .
C./ minute , held for 30 minutes at 850. degree .
C. , heated at 5.degree .
C./ minute , held for 45 minutes at 1200 . degree .
C. , and cooled to room temperature at 20. degree .
C./ minute .
In such cycles , the lower temperature portion assists in the removal of oxides and impurities and helps bring the mold to thermal equilibrium to avoid gradient properties .
Surface transport effects are most prevalent at lower temperature , so the bonds between particles are strengthened without densification of the matrix .
At higher temperatures , strength is increased greatly as a result of the higher sintering rate due to greater atomic motion .
For both temperatures , rapid increases in strength are noted for times up to 30 minutes , where the rate begins to decrease .
[ 0067 ] FIG .
2 provides an optical , cross-sectional image of a hollow metallic foam according to the invention prepared by powder metallurgy using hollow steel spheres of 3.7 mm average diameter and a sintered steel powder matrix .
FIGS .
3 and 4 provide scanning electron microscopy ( SEM ) images of a composite stainless steel foam prepared using a powder metallurgy technique , as described above .
FIG .
3 shows the cross-section of intact spheres , and FIG .
4 shows the sintered powder matrix completely filling the space between the spheres .
The bonding between the spheres and the matrix is seen to be strong with no voids at the interface .
[ 0068 ] Returning to FIG .
2 , the hollow metallic spheres show some signs of uniform packing ; however , it is desirable to further increase the uniformity and density of the packing of the spheres to create metal foams exhibiting more uniform properties and even lower densities .
The benefits of improving uniformity and density of packing are further illustrated in FIGS .
5 and 6 .
[ 0069 ] FIG .
5 provides a SEM image of a cross-section of two spheres in contact with one another .
FIG .
6 provides a SEM image of a cross-section of two spheres not in contact , but with the metal matrix filling the space between the spheres .
Increasing packing density of the spheres increases the contact between the spheres reducing the amount of free space between the spheres .
Consequently , increased packing density reduces the amount of metal matrix present in the foam , which generally leads to lower densities , without sacrificing strength .
FIGS .
5 and 6 further illustrate the ability to reduce the density of the composite metal foam by using hollow metallic spheres having lesser wall thicknesses .
This is particularly illustrated in FIG .
5 , wherein the sphere in the lower portion has a noticeably thinner wall than the sphere in the upper portion of the figure .
The presence of the metal matrix surrounding the hollow metallic spheres allow for reducing the wall thickness to lower density of the composite metal foam without sacrificing strength .
[ 0070 ]
According to another embodiment of the invention , there is provided a method for preparing a composite metal foam by casting .
In one embodiment , which is described below , the composite metal foam is prepared by permanent mold gravity casting ; however , various other casting methods , as would be recognizable by one of skill in the art , could be used .
Accordingly , the present invention is not limited by the permanent mold casting method described herein but rather encompasses all casting methods that could be recognizable as useful .
[ 0071 ]
In one embodiment of a casting method according to the invention , the hollow metallic spheres are first placed inside the mold .
The hollow spheres are preferably arranged inside the mold , such as through vibrating , to pack the spheres into a best attainable close packed density .
Vibration methods and apparatus , as described above in relation to powder metallurgy methods , would also be useful according to this aspect of the invention .
Once the spheres are packed in the mold , a matrix - forming liquid metal is cast into the mold , filling the spaces around the hollow metallic spheres .
The liquid metal is then solidified to form a solid metal matrix around the hollow metallic spheres .
[ 0072 ]
One embodiment of a mold useful in the casting method of the invention is illustrated in FIGS .
7 and 8 , which show a three - dimensional view and a cross-sectional view , respectively , of an open atmosphere gravity feed permanent mold .
The mold incorporates a sprue , runner , melt filter , and overflow riser .
Carbon steel is a particularly preferred material for the mold allowing for repeated exposure to molten metal and high pre-heating temperatures .
[ 0073 ]
In a mold , such as shown in FIGS .
7 and 8 , liquid metal is poured into the sprue .
The liquid metal then travels through the runner , rises up through a slide gate and melt filter , fills the spaces between the hollow metal spheres , and flows up into the over - flow riser .
Such a " bottom - up " filling approach allows the liquid matrix - forming metal to push out the air as the metal fills the interstitial space between the hollow metallic spheres .
The slide gate allows for easy de-molding after solidification , and the melt filter serves to remove any solid impurities or oxides in the melt .
The overflow riser feeds any shrinkage during aluminum solidification .
[ 0074 ]
In one particular embodiment , prior to introduction of the matrix - forming liquid metal , the mold and hollow spheres are pre-heated .
Preferably , the pre-heat temperature is at least about equal to the casting temperature of the matrix - forming liquid metal .
For convenience , the matrix - forming metal can be liquefied in the same furnace used for pre-heating the mold and spheres .
The temperature of the mold and spheres should be at least about equal to the casting temperature of the matrix - forming liquid metal in order to prevent premature solidification of the matrix before complete filling of the mold , including the spaces between and around the spheres .
The pre-heat temperature can be greater than the casting temperature of the matrix - forming liquid metal so long as the temperature does not approach the solidus temperature of the spheres .
[ 0075 ]
In this method , the hollow metallic spheres and the matrix - forming metal comprise different metal compositions , the compositions being distinguished by a difference in their melting temperatures .
Since the matrix - forming metal is introduced to the mold in a molten state , it is necessary that the hollow metallic spheres comprise a metal composition having a melting temperature greater than the melting temperature of the matrix - forming metal composition .
This avoids the possibility of melting of the hollow metallic spheres during pre-heating or during introduction of the matrix - forming liquid metal melting into the mold .
[ 0076 ]
Where the metal compositions comprise essentially pure single metals , the transition from solid to liquid generally can be described as a single melting temperature .
Where metal mixtures are used , however , the state transition becomes more complex and can be described with reference to the solidus temperature and the liquidus temperature .
When an alloy is heated , the temperature at which the alloy begins to melt is referred to as the solidus temperature .
Between the solidus and liquidus temperatures , the alloy exists as a mixture of solid and liquid phases .
Just above the solidus temperature , the mixture will be mostly solid with some liquid phases therein , and just below the liquidus temperature , the mixture will be mostly liquid with some solid phases therein .
Above the liquidus temperature , the alloy is completely molten .
[ 0077 ]
The metal composition used as the matrix - forming liquid metal of the invention should have a melting point ( or a liquidus temperature ) that is below the melting point ( or solidus temperature ) of the metal composition comprising the hollow metallic spheres .
Preferably , the melting temperature of the matrix - forming liquid metal is at least about 25 . degree .
C. less than the solidus temperature of the metal composition comprising the hollow metallic spheres , more preferably at least about 40 . degree .
C. less , most preferably at least about 50 . degree .
C. less than the solidus temperature of the metal composition comprising the hollow metallic spheres .
[ 0078 ]
In one embodiment , the hollow metallic spheres are comprised predominately of steel and the matrix - forming liquid metal is aluminum or an aluminum alloy .
For example , the hollow metallic sphere could comprise low carbon steel or 316L stainless steel , such as according to the compositions exemplified in Table 1 .
Likewise , the matrix - forming liquid metal could comprise aluminum 356 alloy , such as according to the composition exemplified in Table 2 .
Aluminum 356 alloy is particularly useful due to its low density , high strength and stiffness , and ease of casting of the material .
[ 0079 ]
Further reinforcement agents can also be added to the matrix - forming liquid metal prior to casting .
For example , natural or synthetic fibers or particulate matter could be mixed with the liquid metal , or added into the mold , to provide additional benefits , such as increased strength or heat resistance .
[ 0080 ]
Preferentially , the matrix - forming liquid metal is cast into the mold in such a manner as to facilitate complete filling of the voids around the hollow metallic spheres while avoiding disturbance of the hollow metallic spheres arranged within the mold .
In some embodiments , it may be useful to use screens , or other similar means , for maintaining the arrangement of the spheres within the mold .
In addition to gravity casting , the mold may be subject to pressure differentials during the cast process .
For example , in one embodiment , the mold may be pressurized .
In another embodiment , the mold may be under a vacuum .
[ 0081 ]
Once the matrix - forming liquid metal has been cast into the mold , the liquid metal is solidified to form a solid metal matrix around the hollow metallic spheres .
Such solidification is generally through cooling of the mold , which can be through a.mu.mospheric cooling or through more controlled cooling methods .
[ 0082 ]
A composite metal foam , according to one embodiment of the invention , prepared by casting an aluminum metal matrix around hollow low carbon steel spheres , is shown in FIG .
9 . As can be seen in the figure , the closest packing arrangement of the hollow spheres is somewhat disturbed by the inflow of the liquid metal matrix .
Nevertheless , strong bonding between the metal matrix and the hollow spheres is achieved .
[ 0083 ]
Bonding between the foam components is more clearly evident in FIGS .
10 - 11 which provide SEM images of a cast metal foam according to the invention comprising hollow low carbon steel spheres surrounded by an aluminum metal matrix .
As can be seen in FIG .
10 , the aluminum metal matrix fills the interstitial space between the hollow steel spheres with consistent bonding to the surfaces of the spheres .
FIG . 11 provides a detailed view of the sphere wall interaction with the aluminum matrix .
Very little evidence of influx of aluminum matrix into the walls of the hollow steel spheres is seen in FIG .
11 indicating low porosity in the wall of the hollow steel spheres .
[ 0084 ] SEM images of a cast metal foam according to another embodiment of the invention are provided in FIGS .
12 ( a ) and 12 ( b ) .
While it is preferable for the interstitial space between the spheres to be completely filled by the metal matrix , as can be seen in FIG .
12 ( a ) , voids can be present , particularly at an interface between two spheres .
Using geometrical calculations , the void space at the interface of two spheres can be calculated according to an estimated void angle , and the resulting void volume ( V.sub.void ) per contact point of two spheres can be calculated according to the following equation : V.sub.void=3.16.times.10.sup.-2( R.sup.3 ) ( 1 ) in which R is the outer radius of the spheres used in the foam ( see Sanders , W. S. and Gibson , L. J. , Mater .
Sci. Eng. A A347 , 2003 , p. 70 - 85 ) .
Projecting this into a face - centered cubic ( FCC ) arrangement of spheres with four spheres per unit cell , and knowing that in a random loose condition , there are three contacts per unit cell , the total volume percentage of voids per unit cell can be estimated as : V.sub.vf= ( 3.16 .times.10.sup.-2R.sup.3.times.12)/22.627R.sup.3
( 2 ) in which V.sub.vf , is the volume fraction of voids .
In one particular composite metal foam according to the invention prepared by casting molten aluminum around hollow low carbon steel spheres , the volume percentage of voids calculated according to equation ( 2 ) was 1.68 % .
However , the actual matrix porosity is expected to be even less , given there are less than four spheres in each unit cell of the random arrangement and not all contacts have a void space .
In one embodiment of the invention , the void volume percentage is less than 1.5 % , preferably less than 1.25 % , more preferably less than 1 % .
[ 0085 ]
As can be seen in FIG .
12 ( b ) , multiple different phases are present in the aluminum matrix .
Scanning electron microscope energy dispersive x-ray spectroscopy ( SEM EDX ) compositional analysis was performed on an Al -- Fe composite metal foam according to one embodiment of the invention prepared by casting , and the compositional analysis is provided below in Table 3 .
TABLE - US - 00003 TABLE 3 Compositional Analysis ( atomic % ) , t = trace Al Si Fe Mg Mn Cu Al matrix generally 97.9 1.5 t t t t Light gray phase 65 - 75 10 - 20 15-25 t 3.5 1.9 Dark gray phase 97.1 .ltoreq.3 t t t 1.0
[ 0086 ]
As can be seen in FIG .
12 and Table 3 , the Al matrix typically comprises three different phases .
The Al matrix generally comprises approximately 98 % Al .
The phase designated the light gray phase is a ternary alloy of Al , Si , and Fe ( estimated to be Al.sub .
4FeSi ) and is typically found in two different shapes , plates and needles .
The phase designated the dark gray phase has a composition that is close to the composition of the Al matrix generally but also includes copper .
[ 0087 ]
The composite metal foams of the invention ( whether prepared through casting or powder metallurgy ) are particularly characterized in that they exhibit high compressive strength and energy absorption capacity while maintaining a relatively low density .
Of course , actual density of the finished composite metal foam can be calculated using the measured sample weight and structural dimensions .
It is also possible , however , to determine an estimated density based on component properties and packing properties of the spheres in the mold .
[ 0088 ]
Sphere packing density is a measure of the relative order of the arrangement of spheres , such as in a mold .
It is desirable to achieve a maximum density of spheres in order to maintain a lowest possible density for the prepared composite metal foam and have a uniform distribution of spheres , thus contributing to isotropy of mechanical properties .
It is generally recognized that there are three types of packing arrangements for spheres : ordered packing , random dense packing , and random loose packing ( See , German , Particle Packing Characteristics , Metal Powder Industries Federation , Princeton , N.J. , 1989 ) .
The highest order is represented by the face - centered cubic ( FCC ) or hexagonal closed packed ( HCP ) structure , with a 74 % packing density of spheres , assuming mono - sized spheres .
A random dense arrangement has a packing density of 64 % .
This is achieved by vibrating an initially random arrangement to the best attainable packing density .
Random loose packing has a fractional density of 56 % - 62.5 % , with an average reported fraction density of 59 % and a three - point contact per sphere .
[ 0089 ]
As previously noted , in one preferred embodiment of the invention , after the hollow metal spheres are loaded into a mold ( in either a casting or powder metallurgy technique ) , the mold with the spheres is vibrated to achieved increased packing density , which ultimately leads to reduced overall density for the prepared composite metal foam of the invention .
In one test , hollow spheres were poured in bulk into an acrylic box .
Isopropyl alcohol was then poured into the box as a testing replacement for the matrix material to determine the volume needed to fill the box .
With this random placement , sphere packing density was measured as 56 % .
In a second run , the spheres were manually vibrated prior to introduction of the isopropyl alcohol .
The vibrated spheres exhibited a packing density of 59 % .
[ 0090 ]
The density of a composite metal foam according to the invention can be estimated as a function of component density according to the following equation : .rho..sub.CF=.rho..sub.SV.sub.fs+.rho..sub.mV.sub.fm
( 3 ) in which .rho..sub.CF is the density of the composite metal foam , .rho..sub.s is the density of spheres , V.sub.fs is the volume fraction of spheres ( the packing density of the spheres ) , .rho..sub.m is the density of the matrix , and V.sub.fm is the volume fraction of the matrix .
Considering the effect of porosity in the wall thickness of metal spheres , equation ( 3 ) can be altered to : .rho..sub.CF=.rho..sub.metal[1-(V.sub.in/V.sub.out ) ]
V.sub.fs(1-V.sub.fp )+- .rho..sub.mV.sub.fm
( 4 ) in which .rho.. sub.metal is the density of the metal used in the hollow metal spheres ( e.g. , steel ) , V.sub.in/V.sub.out is the ratio of inner volume to outer volume of the metal spheres , and V.sub.fp is the volume fraction of porosities in the wall thickness .
As previously noted , the porosity of the walls of the hollow metal spheres can vary and is preferably less than about 12 % .
[ 0091 ]
As previously noted , the composite metal foams of the invention are particularly useful in that they provide a material that combines strength with light weight .
In particular , the composite metal foams generally have a density that is less than the density of the bulk materials used in the composite metal foams .
For example , steel is generally recognized as having a density in the range of about 7.5 g/cm.sup.3 to about 8 g/cm.sup.3 .
A composite metal foam prepared according to the present invention using hollow steel spheres and a steel metal matrix would exhibit a density well below these values .
[ 0092 ]
The composite metal foams according to the present invention preferably have a calculable density of less than about 4 g/ cm.sup .3 .
Preferably , the composite metal foams of the invention have a density of less than about 3.5 g/cm.sup.3 , more preferably less than about 3.25 g/cm.sup.3 , and most preferably less than about 3.0 g/cm.sup.3 .
In one embodiment of the invention , there is provided a composite metal foam comprising hollow steel spheres surrounded by an aluminum metal matrix , the composite foam having a density of less than about 2.5 g/cm.sup.3 .
In another embodiment of the invention , there is provided a composite metal foam comprising hollow steel spheres surrounded by a steel metal matrix , the composite foam having a density of less than about 3.0 g/cm.sup.3 .
[ 0093 ]
The metal foam of the invention can also be evaluated in terms of relative density .
By analysis of this parameter , it is possible to compare the level of porosity of the metal foam ( or the level of foaming ) with the level of porosity of the bulk material .
According to one embodiment of the invention , the inventive composite metal foam has a relative density ( compared to bulk steel ) of between about 25 % and about 45 % .
[ 0094 ]
The usefulness of the composite metal foams according to the invention is particularly characterized by their favorable strength to density ratio .
As used herein , strength to density ratio is determined as the plateau stress of the metal foam under compression ( measured in MPa ) over the density of the metal foam .
The composite metal foams of the invention typically exhibit a strength to density ratio of at least about 10 .
Preferably , the composite metal foams of the invention exhibit a strength to density ratio of at least about 15 , more preferably at least about 20 , still more preferably at least about 25 , and most preferably at least about 30 .
[ 0095 ]
The composite metal foams of the invention are further characterized by improved energy absorption .
Energy absorption capability can be characterized in terms of the amount of energy absorbed by the material over a given level of strain .
As used herein , energy absorption is defined as the energy absorbed ( in MJ/m.sup.3 ) up to 50 % strain .
The composite metal foams of the invention typically exhibit energy absorptive capability of at least about 20 MJ /m.sup .3 .
Preferably , the composite metal foams of the invention exhibit energy absorptive capability of at least about 30 MJ / m.sup.3 , more preferably at least about 50 MJ / m.sup.3 , most preferably at least about 75 MJ/m.sup.3 .
[ 0096 ]
As detailed above , the composite metal foams of the invention are further particularly beneficial in that they provide improved mechanical properties under cyclic compression loading .
Further , microstructural , mechanical , and physical properties show noticeable improvement over previous metal foams through analysis by optical microscopy , scanning electron microscopy ( SEM ) , energy dispersive X - ray analysis ( EDX ) , and compression test and strain mapping during monotonic compression loading .
[ 0097 ]
Any method or apparatus recognizable as useful by one of skill in the art for obtaining and analyzing the above - noted properties could be used and is fully envisioned by the present invention .
For example , SEM images can be obtained through use of a Hitachi S-3200N environmental SEM equipped with energy dispersive X - ray spectroscopy .
Of course , other SEM equipment , as would be recognized as suitable by the skilled artisan , could also be used in accordance with the invention .
[ 0098 ]
One particular method of analysis of the mechanical properties of the composite metal foams according to the invention is through monotonic compression testing and compression fatigue testing .
Exemplary equipment useful in such testing is a MTS 810 FLEXTEST .
TM . Material Testing System ( available from MTS Systems Corporation ) .
According to one testing procedure , monotonic compression testing is performed using a MTS 810 loading machine with a 220 kip load cell .
According to another testing procedure , compression fatigue testing is performed using a MTS 810 loading machine with a 220 kip load cell having a fixed R-ratio ( R=.sigma..sub.min/.sigma..sub.max ) of 0.1 at a frequency of 10 Hz and an applied maximum stress of 37.5 MPa .
[ 0099 ] FIG .
13 provides a side - by - side comparison of three foams prepared according to the invention .
FIG . 13 ( a ) is a cross-section of cast metal foam comprising hollow low - carbon steel spheres ( 3.7 mm mean diameter ) and an aluminum matrix .
FIG . 13 ( b ) is a cross-section of a metal foam prepared by powder metallurgy comprising hollow low - carbon steel spheres ( 3.7 mm mean diameter ) and a metal matrix prepared from powdered low carbon steel .
FIG . 13 ( c ) is a cross-section of a metal foam prepared by powder metallurgy comprising hollow low - carbon steel spheres ( 1.4 mm mean diameter ) and a metal matrix prepared from powdered low carbon steel .
[ 0100 ] Monotonic compression testing of all three samples from FIG .
13 demonstrated the typical behavior of an elastic - plastic foam under compression .
There is an initial linear elastic region , which is followed by an extended region of deformation at a relatively constant level of stress .
Unlike most foams , however , the foams prepared according to the present invention do not exhibit a level plateau stress .
Rather , the material densifies at a slowly increasing rate , and there is no distinct point at which full densification occurs .
As used herein , plateau stress is understood to refer to the average stress between the yield point and the point at which 50 % strain ( i.e. , deformation ) has been achieved .
All three composite metal foams shown in FIG .
13 reached a minimum of 50 % strain before reaching a point of full densification .
[ 0101 ] FIG .
14 shows stress - strain curves of composite metal foams according to various embodiments of the invention under monotonic compression .
Sample 1 is taken from an embodiment formed through powder metallurgy using 3.7 mm hollow low carbon steel spheres and low carbon steel powder .
Sample 2 is taken from an embodiment formed through casting an aluminum matrix around 3.7 mm hollow steel spheres .
Sample 3 is taken from an embodiment formed through powder metallurgy using 1.4 mm hollow low carbon steel spheres and low carbon steel powder .
Sample 4 is taken from an embodiment formed through powder metallurgy using 2.0 mm hollow stainless steel spheres and stainless steel powder .
After 50 % strain , the composite metal foams begin to approach densification as the hollow spheres are completely collapsed and the material begins to heave like a bulk material .
[ 0102 ]
The compression test results , as well as further physical properties of the embodiments of the inventive composite metal foam corresponding to the four samples discussed above in relation to FIG .
14 , are shown below in Table 4 .
As a comparative , the physical properties of previously known metal foams made of hollow spheres alone are also provided .
Comparative HSF 1 is a steel foam described by Anderson , O. , Waag , U. , Schneider , L. , Stephani , G. , and Kieback , B. , ( 2000 ) , " Novel Metallic Hollow Sphere Structures " , Advanced Engineering Materials , 2 ( 4 ) , p. 192-195 .
Comparative HSF 2 is also a steel foam described by Lim , T. J. , Smith , B. , and McDowell , D. L. ( 2002 ) , Behavior of a Random Hollow Sphere Metal Foam " , Acta Materialia , 50 , P.2867-2879 .
TABLE -US - 00004 TABLE 4 Sample Sample Sample Sample HSF HSF 1 2 3 4 1 2 Sphere OD ( mm ) 3.7 3.7 1.4 2.0 2-3 2 Sphere wall 0.2 0.2 0.05 0.1 0.25 0.1 thickness ( mm ) Density ( g/cm.sup.3 ) 3.2 2.4 2.7 2.9 1.4 1.4 Relative Density 40.7 42 34.2 36.8 -- -- ( %) Plateau Stress 42.3 67 76 136 23 4.8 ( MPa ) Densification 55 50 50 50 60 65 Strain ( %) Strength / Density 13.2 28 29.5 47 16 4 ratio Energy Absorbed 21 32.3 37.6 123 -- -- up to 50 % strain ( MJ/m.sup.3 )
[ 0103 ] Samples 1 and 3 above are powder metallurgy foams comprising low carbon steel .
Sample 2 is a cast Al -- Fe foam .
Sample 4 is a powder metallurgy foam comprising stainless steel .
The comparison in Table 4 indicates the composite foams of the invention have a noticeably increased strength while maintaining a comparable strength to density ratio .
Further , the inventive composite foams show improved energy absorptive properties making the composite foams particularly useful in the various applications described herein .
EXPERIMENTAL
[ 0104 ]
The present invention is more fully illustrated by the following examples , which are set forth to illustrate the present invention and are not to be construed as limiting .
EXAMPLE 1
Composite Metal Foam Prepared by Powder Metallurgy
[ 0105 ]
A composite metal foam was prepared using stainless steel spheres and stainless steel powder according to the specifications provided in Tables 1 and 2 , respectively .
The stainless steel spheres had an outside diameter of 2.0 mm and sphere wall thickness of 0.1 mm .
The spheres were cleaned in a solution of 3.0 mL HCl and 97 mL water to remove oxides , rinsed in acetone , and dried .
A permanent mold made of 304 stainless steel and having interior dimensions of 5.1 cm.times.5.1 cm.times.10 cm was used .
The mold was prepared by coating its surfaces with a boron nitride mold release .
The spheres were placed in the mold and vibrated for 5 minutes using an APS Dynamics model 113 shaker and an APS model 114 amplifier with a General Radio 1310 - B frequency generator .
The powder was added and the mold was further vibrated to completely fill the spaces between the spheres .
Total vibration time was 30 minutes at 15 - 20 Hz .
[ 0106 ]
The mold was placed in a vacuum hot press during sintering .
Although no pressure was applied , the mold cap was held in place by the press , and the thermal expansion of the spheres was used to create internal pressure to aid in the sinter of the powder .
The powder and spheres were sintered using a 10. degree .
C./ minute heating rate , held for 30 minutes at 850. degree .
C. , further heated at a rate of 5.degree .
C./ minute and held for 45 minutes at 1200 . degree .
C. The mold was then cooled at a rate of 20. degree .
C./ minute .
The finished composite steel foam was then removed from the mold for testing .
[ 0107 ]
Optical microscopy was performed using a Buhler Unitron 9279 optical microscope equipped with a Hitachi KP - M1 CCD black and white digital camera .
SEM images were taken with a Hitachi Ss - 3200N environmental SEM equipped with EDX to determine the microstructure and chemical composition of the metal foam .
Monotonic compression testing was performed using an MTS 810 with a 980 kN load cell and a crosshead speed of 1.25 mm / minute .
[ 0108 ]
The composite metal foam had a density of 2.9 g/cm3 ( 37 % relative density ) and reached a plateau stress of 113 MPa from 10 - 50 % strain and began densification at around 50 % strain .
These and further analytical results are provided in Table 4 ( wherein the metal foam from this example is shown as Sample 4 ) .
FIG . 15 shows a comparison of the stainless steel composite metal foam ( a ) before compression testing and ( b ) after compression testing with 60 % strain .
EXAMPLE 2
Composite Metal Foam Prepared by Casting
[ 0109 ]
A composite metal foam was prepared by casting using low carbon steel hollow spheres and a matrix - forming liquid aluminum 356 alloy according to the specifications provided in Tables 1 and 2 , respectively .
The steel spheres had an outside diameter of 3.7 mm and sphere wall thickness of 0.2 mm .
An open atmosphere gravity feed permanent mold casting system made of carbon steel was used , the mold cavity having dimensions of 121 mm.times .144 mm.times.54 mm .
The mold was partially preassembled after coating with a boron nitride powder spray to prevent oxidation to mold surfaces during preheating and for providing easy release of the sample after cooling .
The spheres were placed in the mold with a stainless steel mesh to hold them in place and vibrated for 10 minutes to pack the spheres into a random dense arrangement .
The mold used was similar to that illustrated in FIGS .
7 and 8 .
[ 0110 ]
The aluminum alloy was melted in a high temperature furnace ( 3300 series available from CM Furnaces ) at a temperature of 700. degree .
C. At the same time , the mold with the hollow spheres inside was pre-heated in the furnace to 700. degree .
C. to prevent instant solidification of the aluminum upon contact with the spheres while casting .
The fully liquid aluminum alloy was then poured in the sprue tube of the heated mold .
The liquid aluminum fills out the cavity while pushing the air out from the cavity .
The filled mold was allowed to air cool , and the mold was disassembled and the composite metal foam removed .
Testing was performed on the cast composite metal foam as described in Example 1 .
[ 0111 ]
The cast composite metal foam had a density of 2.4 g/cm.sup.3 ( 42 % relative density ) .
During monotonic compression , the composite metal foam reached an average plateau stress of 67 MPa up to 50 % strain before it began densification at around 50 % strain .
These and further analytical results are provided in Table 4 ( wherein the cast metal foam from this example is shown as Sample 2 ) .
Optical and SEM observation indicated the Al matrix had nearly filled all of the interstitial spaces between the steel spheres ( see FIG . 12 ( a ) ) .
The void space due to incomplete filling of the interstitial space at the sphere point contacts with the Al matrix was calculated to be less than 1 % .
[ 0112 ]
The cast composite metal foam was tested to calculate maximum cyclic stress .
Testing methods are fully described by Banhart , J. and Brinkers , W. , " Fatigue Behavior of Aluminum Foams " , J. Material Science Letters , 18 ( 8 ) , 1999 , p. 617-619 , and Lehmus , D. , et al. , " Influence of Heat Trea.mu.ment on Compression Fatigue of Aluminum Foams " , Journal of Material Science , 37 , 2002 , which are incorporated herein in their entirety .
The average yield strength calculated , using the 0.2 % offset method , was 29 MPa .
The maximum stress was chosen to be 85 % of the reference strength .
The fatigue was continued with this maximum stress for 250,000 cycles with no apparent deformation .
The maximum stress was then increased to 37.5 MPa ( the stress at 5 % strain from the stress - strain curve ) .
FIG .
16 shows the curve for the compression fatigue test as the relation between strain and the number of cycles .
[ 0113 ]
The cast composite foam deformed by an initial progressive shortening , followed by collapse of the spheres starting at certain regions with possible defects like holes or cracks , causing the subsequent failure of the neighboring spheres leading to the formation of macroscopic collapse bands .
Visual observation of the deformed fatigue cast foam revealed that extensive fatigue failure had occurred within the crush bands .
The S - N curve ( FIG. 16 ) shows the initial progressive fatigue damage at the onset of an abrupt strain jump .
The cast foam sample had endured 1,440,000 cycles before the end of the fatigue test .
Optical images of the cast foam taken before and during the fatigue test are shown in FIG .
17 .
[ 0114 ]
Many modifications and other embodiments of the invention will come to mind to one skilled in the art to which this invention pertains having the benefit of the teachings presented in the foregoing descriptions and associated drawings .
Therefore , it is to be understood that the invention is not to be limited to the specific embodiments disclosed and that modifications and other embodiments are intended to be included within the scope of the appended claims .
Although specific terms are employed herein , they are used in a generic and descriptive sense only and not for purposes of limitation .
Arizona State lawmakers in the Senate approved a measure to get rid of the statute of limitation for victims of child abuse to file lawsuits .
However , this lifetime right to sue has one notable exception : for the church and school districts .
If you are suing the Church for its failure to act to stop a pedophile , you still only have two years .
The lobbyist for the Catholic Church admits that he has been pushing for the exception .
The elimination of the statute of limitations only covers defendant ’s “ direct or intentional conduct . ”
Ron Johnson , who lobbies on behalf of the state ’s three Catholic bishops , says that the exception is needed to allow the Church ( as well as businesses and schools ) to buy insurance .
I question that rationale .
It would appear that insurance rates could be higher — particularly for organizations with a history of ignoring or covering up child abuse .
Moreover , even if the Church cannot cover child abuse in a policy , it can avoid liability by not covering up such cases .
For the full story , click here .
Share this : Twitter
Reddit
Facebook
Email
Want OGG playback within Silverlight , Mono ?
Now you can .
The Highgate media suite , an open source product , does this .
It also provides a JavaScript bridge that ’s compatible with the HTML5 video API , allowing developers to script it as a fallback to the HTML5 video tag .
Given that all the major browsers that are n’t IE already support HTML5 video , this seems somewhat limited to IE / Windows ; nether - the - less , it exists and means that there ’s another way to play OGG .
Microsoft have joined the SVG working group in order to help iron out ambiguities in the spec , but have kept shtum on whether or not this actually means some kind of commitment to SVG in IE .
No smoke without fire , as they say .
In a frank blog post by Adobe ’s John Nack , the improvements coming to Flash in 10.1 are spelt out clearly .
Less crashes , faster , better on Mac .
The key takeaways are :
In Flash Player 10.1 we are moving to Core Animation , which will further reduce CPU usage and we believe will get us to the point where Mac will be faster than Windows for graphics rendering . [ … ]
With Flash Player 10.1 , we are optimizing video rendering further on the Mac and expect to reduce CPU usage by half
Adobe have been getting a lot of flack at the moment as developers bite back over Flash woes in the face of increasing HTML5 support and the iPhone / iPad trying to out mode Flash altogether .
The best Adobe can do is be honestâ€ ” well , the best they can do is make Flash suck less , but the second best thing they can do is be upfront and honest about their plans to solve people ’s complaints .
I welcome an Adobe who can speak to us this directly and not veiled behind marketing terms .
Perhaps the inaugural National Tea Party Convention was striving for historical accuracy .
On Thursday , Tennessee ’s Gaylord Opryland Hotel and Convention Center welcomed “ hundreds of conservative activists ” on Thursday ( See also Invoking ‘ literacy test , ’ Tea Party opening speaker suggests blacks be kept from voting ) , who are often referred to as “ flag - wavers . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
As the Washington Post reports , “ The convention ’s first day lacked the orchestrated staging of most modern political events .
The convention host delivered a meandering welcome speech without notes , saying he misplaced them .
Former congressman Tom Tancredo ( R - Colo . ) offered a fiery defense of Judeo - Christian faith and traditional American values , but there was no prayer or Pledge of Allegiance to open the convention — nor was there an American flag in the convention hall . ”
The paper reports that Memphis Tea Party leader and convention spokesman Mark Skoda “ blamed the oversight on the hotel staff . ”
However , since the original Boston Tea Party demonstration occurred three years before Betsy Ross debuted her American flag on July 4th , 1776 , the modern day patriots were able to keep it real in an old school vibe .
But the hall apparently was n’t flagless .
On Point radio recently reported that Jeffrey McQueen , founder of USRevolution2.com , has “ created a modified American flag to serve as a symbol for the Tea Party movement . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
McQueen told Fox News blogger Judd Berger that “ he ’s sold 5,000 since June and word of the product is ‘ spreading from porch to porch . ' ”
Berger wrote , “ The National Tea Party Convention is n’t just about spreading the gospel of fiscal conservatism and figuring out ways to crush President Obama in 2012 .
For some , it ’s a chance to get in on the ground floor of what may be a tea party market . ”
At his website , an ad for the $ 19.95 flag claims , “ This flag represents our Second American Revolution , and now flies in all 50 states ! ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ How about the American flag ? ” On Point radio ’s Tom Ashbrook asked McQueen last month .
“ That ’s not good enough ?
You know , the stars and stripes ?
McQueen replied , “ This flag has never been meant to replace the national flag .
This flag has a specific purpose and it ’s time has come .
To show the politicians and the media that we ’re ready for a second American revolution .
And with that , you know , in America we have a choice of four boxes for political change .
We can go to the soap box , the ballot box , or we can go to the jury box .
And hopefully we wo n’t have to go to the bullet box . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Bullet box ? ” Ashbrook asked .
“ Are you talking about armed revolution ? ”
McQueen retorted , “ Have you seen the ammunition sales the last twelve months ? ”
Kath Brice Friday 8th January 2010
Share this article Share
Companies in this article Epic Games
Epic Games has joined the advisory board of Khronos , an industry consortium working to establish open graphical standards across desktop , console and mobile platforms .
The move will give the tech company input on on the development and evolution of key 3D graphics standards such as OpenGL and Open GL ES , which enable the use of Epic 's technology .
" Epic is one of the most respected games technology companies on the planet and Khronos is delighted to have their participation as we create the APIs that enable key gaming engines , such as Unreal Engine 3 , to tap into the power of 3D GPU acceleration on a wide range of platforms , " said Neil Trevett , Khronos president and VP of mobile content at NVIDIA .
" Epic 's real - world experience and standing in the industry will enable them to bring enormous insight and influence to the evolution of the OpenGL and OpenGL ES specifications that will benefit the entire industry . "
" Epic welcomes the emergence of mobile platforms that are great candidates for Unreal Engine 3 - powered games and applications , and we have joined the board of Khronos to have a seat at the table in determining how the major APIs for visually compelling mobile graphics will evolve over the next few years , " added Mark Rein , VP of Epic Games .
" Our goal is to ensure that the functionality essential to bringing rich experiences to mobile users is enabled on both the hardware and software side of modern devices and platforms . "
An Experienced Law Firm
At Wolf , Baldwin & Associates , P.C. our lawyers have the experience necessary to guide you through the legal process .
Our attorneys have decades of combined experience handling a wide variety of cases for our clients .
We maintain offices in Reading , West Chester and Pottstown and provide legal advice and representation to residents in communities throughout southeastern Pennsylvania .
A Compassionate , Highly Qualified Legal Team
Contacting an attorney can seem like a daunting experience .
We understand that some people are frightened or intimidated by the legal process .
We take every step possible to put our clients at ease .
We make it easy to talk with an attorney .
We encourage you to read through this website to learn more about our firm and practice areas .
We invite you to schedule a consultation at any of our conveniently located offices to discuss your specific matter with an attorney .
Each attorney in our law firm is licensed to practice in Pennsylvania state courts and is especially experienced in the Courts of Common Pleas of Montgomery County , Berks County and Chester County .
Whichever lawyer you speak with , you can be confident that the resources of the entire firm will be at your service .
Vladislav Tretiak : “ Nabokov will start in the quarterfinal ” ( Photo © Jacques Boissinot / The Canadian Press )
Team Russia ’s general manager at the Olympic Games , Vladislav Tretiak , gave an interview to Vitaliy Slavin of SovSport .
Tretiak talked about the canceled practice on Monday , seriousness of Sergei Zinoviev ’s injury and the players ’ thoughts on a possible Russia - Canada quarterfinal .
RussianHockeyFans.com offers you a translation .
– Why did you cancel a practice on Monday ?
Tretiak : “ The coaches decided to give the players time to recover .
The ice practice was optional and nobody wanted to skate .
Everyone went to the gym and rode bikes .
By the way , we are not the only team to cancel a practice .
The Americans and Swedes also did it . ”
– But Team Canada practiced .
And what an intense practice it was – 10 exercises for 40 minutes !
Tretiak : “ Well , Canada lost to the USA one day before , so they had to bring negative emotions down . ”
– How is Sergei Zinoviev doing ?
Earlier there was information that the season was over for him .
Tretiak : “ Yes , at first the doctors thought that the injury was that serious .
However , after another examination the injury was found to be not very serious .
On Tuesday he will try to practice with a special corset and then the coaches will decide if he ’ll play in the quarterfinal .
But Sergei himself is eager to hit the ice . ”
– What did you think when you learned that Russia could face Canada in the quarterfinal ?
Tretiak : “ I thought that the world would see a battle of giants .
That this is our fate , face Canada not in the final , as everyone hoped , but in the quarterfinal .
Life is testing us and we have no choice .
If we want to win the gold we have to defeat any opponent in the quarterfinal . ”
– How did the players react ?
Tretiak : “ With no worry , just like me .
It ’s our fate . ”
– Have Russia started preparing for the game against Canada already ?
Tretiak : “ Yes , soon Nabokov and I will study highlights from the Canada - USA game .
By the way , Nabokov has already watched the game once again closely . ”
– So Nabokov will start in the quarterfinal game ?
Tretiak : “ Yes . ”
CHATHAM TWP . — Joyce Ajlouny , director of the historic Ramallah Friends School ( RFS ) on the West Bank in Palestine , will speak at 7 p.m. on Wednesday , Feb. 10 , at the Chatham - Summit Quaker Meeting in Chatham .
The event is free and open to the community .
An alumna , parent , and now in her sixth year as director of Ramallah Friends School , she will speak about the important impact that RFS has had on the community throughout its history and describe the challenges which lie ahead .
A member of the Ramallah Monthly Meeting , Ms. Ajlouny is one of the very few Palestinian Quakers left in the country .
She is a graduate of RFS and also a parent of three boys who attend the school .
Her job involves oversight of the functioning of both the lower and upper school campuses , including ensuring the rigorous academic program meets modern - day challenges ; fundraising ; community building , and administration .
The school currently enrolls 1,175 children , in pre-kindergarten through grade12 , from around the occupied territory .
Originally focusing on the education of Palestinian girls , Friends ( Quakers ) have been educating children in Palestine since 1869 , and the school has survived many wars and occupations , including a period of being used as a hospital during the First World War .
Throughout its history , the staff and families of the school have remained resilient and dedicated to their mission to offer a rigorous education to Palestinian youth guided by the principles of the Religious Society of Friends .
The program will be followed by dessert and coffee .
Donations to Ramallah Friends School and to Joyce ’s ministry account are welcome .
For directions or more information , call 973-635-2161 or visit chathamquakers.org .
Chatham - Summit Quaker Meeting is located at 158 Southern Boulevard in Chatham .
It is a Quaker community in the unprogrammed tradition of the Religious Society of Friends .
More information about Ramallah Friends School is available at palfriends.org .
From a few million dollars in the early 1980s , support for the resistance grew to $ 750 million a year by the end of the decade .
The financing was funneled to Afghanistan in secret by Mr. Wilson and other lawmakers .
Image Representative Charlie Wilson in 1988 , holding a British - made Enfield rifle in his Capitol Hill office .
Credit ...
Marcy Nighswander / Associated Press
The help went beyond money .
When the Soviets deliberately killed camels and mules to cripple the Afghan fighters ’ supply lines , he flew in Tennessee mules .
When the Central Intelligence Agency refused to provide the guerrillas with field radios for fear that mujahedeen transmissions would be picked up by the Soviets , he sent an aide to Virginia to buy $ 12,000 worth of walkie - talkies from a Radio Shack outlet .
Particularly helpful were Stinger missiles from the United States , which were used to shoot down Russian helicopters and became what many consider a decisive factor in wearing down the Soviets .
By February 1989 , the Soviets had withdrawn and the United States ended its support .
In later years Mr. Wilson insisted that the United States had not made a mistake by supporting the Afghan rebels , among them Osama bin Laden and the Islamists who would form the Taliban regime .
He said if the United States had helped rebuild Afghanistan , it would have remained stable and not become a safe haven for Al Qaeda .
Charles Nesbitt Wilson was born in Trinity , Tex. , where his father was an accountant for a lumber company , on June 1 , 1933 .
He told about his first political experience in the book from which the movie was made , “ Charlie Wilson ’s War : The Extraordinary Story of the Largest Covert Operation in History ” ( 2003 ) by George Crile .
Charlie was 13 when his dog strayed and a neighbor apparently fed it something that contained crushed glass .
The boy first doused the man ’s garden with gasoline and set it on fire .
He then realized that the neighbor was a City Council member and used his learner ’s permit to drive black voters to the polls to vote against him .
The neighbor lost his seat by 16 votes .
It ’s right and proper that the ad has its own high holy day which , as Robert Lipsyte points out , we call the Super Bowl .
After all , the ad has so much to celebrate .
It ’s been the great colonizing force of our age .
When I was younger , for a period , I subscribed to the trade magazine Advertising Age , not because I had anything to do with the business , but because I was fascinated by the fact that , no matter how obscure the subject , the ad had an interest in ( and a perspective on ) it .
In a sense , in this century , the ad has inherited the restlessness once associated with the American pioneering spirit .
The Marlboro Man , it turns out , was more than a logo .
The ad ca n’t stay still .
It ’s always searching for , and moving into , new territory , and then trying to settle down , often initially alone and under attack .
It is expansionist by nature , never taking no for an answer .
By my childhood , the ad had already redefined most common space as consumer space .
In my lifetime , the ad has broken almost every taboo , and into just about every previously sacred ( or profane or private ) space .
It ’s made it into the bedroom , first via the radio and then , far more strikingly , the TV set ; into the school , the doctor ’s office , and the airport ; onto the sides of buses , into and onto taxis , into elevators , onto gas pumps , and above urinals , as well as into your pocket , thanks to the iPhone and the like .
You name it , and the ad ’s invaded its territory .
One of the last largely ad - free bastions in the culture , the book , is about to fall to next generation Kindles , iPads , and other “ readers ” which will , like the rest of the Internet , be ad - friendly .
Weirdly enough , the spread of the ad may not be due to its persuasiveness , but to its ineffectiveness .
“ Clutter , ” the collectivity of all those ads in familiar space that you just tune out , is the motor that seems to drive the ad into virgin territory , which it invariably colonizes until all the other ads follow , driving it on again .
The constant flight of the ad from ( or around or above ) the clutter could be the prime narrative of the last hundred years , as it has driven itself deeper and deeper into what one might someday hesitate to call “ our ” lives .
As for ads and sports ?
Do n’t get me started .
Fortunately , Robert Lipsyte , former New York Times sports columnist and TomDispatch Jock Culture Correspondent , is back from a long sabbatical writing a memoir ( and doing a little TV on the side ) to cover the play - by - play , and offer some classic highlights from Sportsworld ’s highest holy day .
( To catch him in a superb audio interview with TomDispatch ’s Timothy MacBain discussing why sports matter , click here . )
He ’s been to the Super Bowl for TomDispatch before , but never this way .
So sit back and watch , just like I ’m going to do .
Tom
Twenty - three years later , before he even turned pro , Tim Tebow made himself the player to beat in Sunday ’s Super Bowl XLIV by starring in a 30 - second commercial for Focus on the Family , a Christian group that opposes abortion and same - sex marriage .
That the ad would run represented a reversal of CBS ’s long - time policy against advocacy ads .
At this late date , it is still not certain if Tim ’s creation myth will be included in the commercial , or even if the ad will be aired at all .
In 1987 , an evangelical Christian missionary in the Philippines , Pam Tebow , sick and near term , ignored doctors ’ advice to abort her fifth child .
How could they know he would grow up to win a Heisman Trophy and lead the University of Florida to two national titles ?
Whatever happens , the controversy put the game ’s spotlight back where it belongs -- on the advertising .
Super Bowl Sunday is America ’s holiest day , our all - inclusive campfire , and with 100 million viewers , almost half of them women , about as close as we get , without a presidential election , to taking the national pulse .
The ads tell us who we are and where we are going .
They are also Madison Avenue ’s best chance -- at a reported $ 3 million or more a minute -- to create a buzz .
In fact , in a world in which TiVo- ing is spreading like wildfire , they may be Madison Avenue ’s last chance to actually get watched on TV .
These days , when it comes to Super Bowl ads , the buzz never dies as YouTube , best / worst commercial contests , chat rooms , and vigorous follow - up ad campaigns carom around the precincts of popular culture .
Sacred , profane , gross , on - the - mark or clueless , the ads are cultural signifiers .
If Tebow gets to pitch on Sunday , his ad will share the air with the basic football consumer groups : cars , tech , beer , soda , and chips .
And , of course , he ’ll be right there along with the stuff everyone is waiting to see -- like those three nerds leering at a naked Danica Patrick , the auto racer , for a website company , or that office jerk farting for an employment service .
I am a Super Bowl ad fan .
I 'd rather go to the bathroom during a third - down play than miss a commercial .
You ’ll want to know my all - time favorites .
“ You Should Be So Lucky ”
For sheer prescience when it came to American foreign policy , nothing has beaten “ Kenyan Runner , ” a Super Bowl commercial that ran just before Team W led us to eight losing seasons in Afghanistan , Iraq , and at home .
Imagine a black African runner in a singlet , loping barefoot across an arid plain .
White men in a Humvee are hunting him down as if he were wild game .
They drug him and , after he collapses , jam running shoes on his feet .
When he wakes up , he lurches around screaming , trying to kick off the shoes .
This was 1999 , two years before the 9/11 attacks and the invasions that followed .
The sponsor was Just For Feet , a retailer with 140 shoe and sportswear super stores that blamed its advertising agency for the spot -- before it collapsed in an accounting fraud and disappeared .
Colonialism anyone ?
Racism ?
Forcing our values on developing countries ?
Mission accomplished .
Then there was prescience on the domestic front in another Super Bowl ad , “ Money Out the Whazoo ” : imagine a middle - aged man wheeled into an emergency room .
Doctors and nurses turn him over and someone says , “ He has money coming out the whazoo . ”
A hospital administrator officiously asks his distraught wife if they have insurance .
A doctor calls out , “ Money out the whazoo ! ”
The administrator says , “ Take him to a private room . ”
The tag line was : “ You should be so lucky . ”
This was 2000 .
The sponsor was E*Trade , the online stock gambling outfit .
How did they know that the economy was going to tank just when the health - care system would go up for grabs ?
If you ’d been paying attention to the ads instead of the game , you , too , could have sold America short .
My Super Bowl favorites , you might have guessed by now , are not consensus picks .
Most fans seem to prefer the 1979 Coke commercial in which Mean Joe Greene , the Pittsburgh Steelers Hall of Fame defensive tackle , limps off the field past a young boy who offers him his Coke .
Greene sucks it down and , as the kid turns away , says , “ Hey , kid , catch , ” throwing him his jersey .
While this ad is usually number one or two in best Super Bowls lists , it actually first aired several months before the game .
Oh , what a better time that was , when we truly loved our sports heroes and felt for them when they were beaten .
The remake of that ad , in 2009 , showed how much we ’ve lost in 30 years .
As Troy Polamalu , the Pittsburgh strong safety , limps off the field , a kid offers him his Coca - Cola Zero .
Before he can take it , two Coke brand managers grab it and run off .
Polamalu tackles them , grabs the bottle , drains it , then rips off one of the manager ’s shirts and tosses it to the kid .
That snarky ( post- irony ? ) parody of the iconic Mean Joe Greene commercial may be obvious enough , but that ’s no reason not to pile on the subtexts : Labor and management in the National Football League are now gearing up for serious confrontations .
The Supreme Court is hearing one of them -- a challenge to the league ’s anti-trust exemption which will have an impact on , among many other things , the sale of jerseys .
No wonder
Troy ripped the shirt off management ’s back .
Root for Big Easy
The other main candidate for top Super Bowl ad in most of those lists is the 1984 commercial in which a woman runner , pursued by Orwellian storm troopers , runs past hundreds of gray people listening to Big Brother to smash the establishment ( read IBM ) with her sledgehammer .
That Apple Revolution really freed us , right ?
In the quarter - century to follow , thanks to iPod , iPhone , and iPad , a generation without empathy , head down , shuffles into textiness .
And Apple still does n’t even have a majority market share .
( Non-Commercial interruption : Should you find yourself actually watching the game , root for New Orleans .
Saints quarterback Drew Brees is a member of the executive committee of the NFL Players Association .
In a recent Washington Post op - ed column he wrote : " [ I ] f the Supreme Court agrees with the NFL 's argument that the teams act as a single entity rather than as 32 separate , vigorously competitive and extremely profitable entities , the absence of antitrust scrutiny would enable the owners to exert total control over this multibillion - dollar business . "
A final decision on what originally was a suit brought by a jilted gear supplier is expected this summer . )
The modern Mad Men and Women who call the signals for Super Bowl commercials are not always given as much credit as they deserve for grasping the American mood .
Their most interesting ads ca n’t be taken at face value .
For example , who could forget -- although Holiday Inn seems to have tried -- the 1997 class - reunion ad in which a hot babe struts through the party , chest out , her blond hair swinging , as a voice - over ticks off the part - by - part cost of her cosmetic surgery make - over ?
The message : her make - over involves mere thousands of dollars , compared to the millions Holiday Inn has spent on renovations .
You must remember the tagline : she ’s finally recognized by a former classmate who sputters , “ Bob… Bob Johnson ? ”
So what were the Mads telling us here ?
If pricey renovations were acceptable for corporations , they were also acceptable for ordinary people ?
That Holiday Inn going upscale was no different from transitioning genders ?
Or , by extension , that anything a corporation can do , you can , too ?
In other words , corporate privilege equals personal agency .
And this was 13 years before the Supreme Court decided to extend individual freedom of expression to corporations .
( Extraneous note : “ freedom of expression ” is now a tagline for a Botox treatment . )
The Snickers Smack
In 2007 , when a General Motors ad showed a robot committing suicide after making an assembly - line mistake , the message seemed unclear ( unless this was a Philip K. Dick dream ) .
Should n’t it be the car - maker , in traditional Japanese fashion , who commits hara - kiri after years of colossal mistakes ?
But now we understand : it was an early warning – the American worker was at the end of the line ; no handouts , pal , you ’re on your own .
That was the same year when two men , simultaneously eating a Snickers bar , first touched lips during a Super Bowl game .
When I initially saw it , I thought : if anything can conquer homophobia , it ’s chocolate .
But then they did the I ’m - not - gay double take and began tearing off chest hair in a “ manly ” display .
The Mads had struck again , brilliantly reinforcing my own impression as a sportswriter that the NFL is the most homophobic , yet homoerotic , of team sports .
With all that touching and hugging in public ( and all that naked horseplay in the locker - room ) , no wonder some players have reacted with such hostility to the few who have come out after retirement .
That Super Bowl ad will be at least an hour ’s lecture in someone ’s Queer Studies course .
Because of their insecure young male demographic , ads tend to be so aggressively and cartoonishly hetero that 1 ) there is no orientation issue , and 2 ) there is no threat of actually having to perform .
You can watch sexy women the same way you watch football players -- from a superior remove .
For example , in last year ’s commercial for GoDaddy.com , the domain - name company , three nerds found they could control events from their laptop .
Not only did they make Danica Patrick , an Indy driver , take a shower for them , but they added “ that German woman from the dean ’s office . ”
This year , Danica gets to flashdance and dress up like Marilyn Monroe .
GoDaddy is known for ads , run relentlessly on the Internet , that are too risqué and provocative for the networks .
In this Sunday ’s CareerBuilder spot , a cubicle clown ostentatiously farts , annoying a prim female co-worker .
When the boss walks up , she thinks the jerk is cooked .
But the boss lends the jerk his lighter to ignite the fumes .
He wants the lighter back , he says ; one imagines him farting , too .
Hey , boys will be boys .
If she ca n’t take the heat let her go back to the kitchen .
After all , this is 2010 !
If it was n’t in such company , I would be more concerned about Tim Tebow ’s Focus on the Family commercial .
I ’d angst away :
What does it really mean ?
What are the Mads telling us about the future ?
That the country is turning back toward the right ?
That the networks , in their twilight , need every buck they can get and do n’t care where it comes from ?
That Tebow , who has always seen football as his pulpit to spread evangelical Christianity , is presaging a new era of star athletes standing for causes ?
None of the above .
It ’s a hopeful message .
Obama centrism will prevail , stabilize the country , and prepare it for progressive reform , because even football fans will understand that Super Bowl sideshows -- be they about voyeuristic horndogs , flatulent slackers , star quarterbacks , or God knows how many holy day trippers jamming down food - like products and loser liquids -- can be taken seriously only on Sunday .
( Now , that may be the Philip K. Dick dream . )
Robert Lipsyte , a former New York Times sports columnist , is host of the PBS show on boomer aging , LIFE ( Part2 ) .
His memoir , An Accidental Sportswriter , will be published in August by HarperCollins .
To catch him in an audio interview with TomDispatch ’s Timothy MacBain discussing why sports matter , click here .
Copyright 2010 Robert Lipsyte
February 24 , 2010
Gaza � Ma'an � Palestinians collecting small stones and concrete rubble in the As - Saifa area , part of the northern ' no - go zone ' at the western tip of the Strip , were targeted by Israeli fire from a military patrol and warships on Wednesday morning , sources said .
The workers , reportedly collecting fragments for construction projects in Gaza City , were able to escape the fire unharmed , local sources said .
Israeli gunboats were also reported to have opened fire on the northern Gaza Strip in the early morning , fishermen in the Al - Waha area of the coast reported .
The zone , north of Beit Lahiya , is adjacent to the area where workers were collecting construction materials .
It was not immediately clear if the incidents were related .
In the southern Strip , witnesses said an Israeli military patrol entered 100 meters beyond the buffer area into civilian areas .
An Israeli military spokesman said he was looking into both reports .
A weekly report by the UN Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs noted an escalation in violence " in areas along the Gaza - Israel border , " last week , which killed one and injured six .
According to the the UN office , " Since the beginning of 2010 , Israeli forces have killed nine Palestinians and injured 13 others in Gaza ; no Israeli casualties have been reported . "
The following image set is generated by Flickr Gallery tool .
Click any picture to run Lightbox gallery .
The sample above is an in - page usage demo of Lightbox with images from Flickr .
The photo gallery created with Flickr Gallery application is placed inside the html page .
You can also check the full - page demo web gallery .
This example takes whole browser area to show the Lightbox gallery that uses images from Flickr .
Welcome To Flickr Photo Sharing
How to Use
Step 1 .
Adding flickr images to your own gallery .
Locate the photo , photoset or photostream you want to use in your Flickr slideshow .
Click on it to see the photo on its own page .
Copy URL of the flickr page .
Select Add images from Flickr ... from the ' Add ' button on the Toolbar .
In the appeared window paste URL of the flickr page .
Specify also the number of photos you want to add from the flickr page .
Flickr Gallery will now include these photos in your project .
If you have included the photos that you do not wish to be in your web gallery , you can easily remove them .
Select all images that you wish to remove from photo gallery , and select Delete images .
from the Images menu .
You can pick and choose pictures by holding the CTRL while clicking the pictures you like .
Step 2 . Adding caption .
The name of the photo on flickr page will automatically appear in the caption .
When you select a photo you 'll see the various info about it , such as : Path , Size , date of last change and Caption .
You can add any comment or text about the photo ( up to 512 symbols ) .
Step 3 . Gallery properties .
Change the name of your flickr album , the size and quality of your pictures with Flickr Gallery .
From the Gallery menu , select Properties or use " Edit Gallery Properties " button on the toolbar .
On the first tab of the Gallery Properties window you can change the name of your photo album and enable / disable the following properties : Slide Show , Auto play Slide Show , Zoom effect , Overlay Shadow .
You can also set the Overlay shadow color and select the Engine you want to use ( jQuery or Prototype + script.aculo.us ) .
On the second tab of the Gallery Properties window you can select the thumbnail you want to use , set the Thumbnails Resolution , Thumbnails Quality , Thumbnails Titles .
Select Thumbnails Format ( save in PNG or JPG format ) .
Specify the Number of columns in you photo album and the Page color .
On the third tab of the Gallery Properties window you can select the template , Image resolution and Image quality of your pictures and change the Watermark .
You can set up the various sizes for exported images .
Control the quality of output PNG or JPEG format image by defining output " Image quality " and " Thumbnail quality " parameters ( 0%�100 % ) .
Step 4 .
Save your photo gallery as project file .
I still have n't read anyone in the comments who can explain the difference between a gamertag that labels you as gay vs. a gamertag that labels you as a Star Trek fan or a USC grad or a Marine or anything else not having to do with sexuality .
If being gay is really irrelevant and unimportant to you , there should be no difference , and all such tags ought to be equally disruptive of your experience .
The truth is that ALL custom gamertags are unnecessary .
If all we need is some identification , then all XBL needed to do was assign us a number .
At the point that XBL users place value on IDing themselves using other things besides random number generation then why should n't gay gamers be able to use their sexuality as an inspiration for their tag ?
Other people use all sorts of other inspirations for their ID 's and no one bats an eyelash .
What is it about gay gamertags that make them so damn " unnecessary " and objectionable ?
Instead of " Why do people need to proclaim their sexuality , " the statement needs to be , " Who cares if people proclaim their sexuality ?
And if someone wants to ask why people need to proclaim their sexuality , the answer should be " I dunno , why do you feel the need to proclaim whatever the crap it is you proclaim in your gamertag ? "
Finding a relationship between sex and God ( Image : Peter Dazeley / Photographers Choice / Getty )
ASK 100 people what they get out of religion and you will probably get 100 different answers .
Some worship out of habit , others out of fear of death .
New experiments offer two surprising reasons people find God : sex and stress relief .
Men and women shown dating profiles of attractive members of the same sex will describe themselves as more religious than people who do n’t feel as if they have to compete in the attractiveness stakes .
Meanwhile , another study finds that thoughts of randomness push people toward God – but only if they ca n’t attribute feelings of stress to some easily defined external factor .
Subjects were primed for random thoughts by being exposed to phrases containing words such as “ chance ” , “ haphazard ” and “ random ” .
“ You can become more or less religious depending on the situation , ” says Ara Norenzayan , a psychologist at the University of British Columbia in Vancouver , Canada , who was not involved in the studies .
Advertisement
Promiscuous behaviour
Such fickle religious behaviour could be especially important as promiscuous students mature into monogamous adults , says Douglas Kenrick , a psychologist at Arizona State University in Tempe , whose team uncovered the link between mating and religion .
In a previous survey of 22,000 mostly Christian Americans , he and colleague Jason Weeden found a strong correlation between mating behaviour and religiosity .
As you might expect , believers were more likely to be married , want to have large families and frown upon cheating and contraception .
To probe the relationship between sex and God more explicitly , Kenrick and colleague Yexin Jessica Li presented hundreds of students at their university with dating profiles of highly attractive men or women , then probed them about their religious beliefs .
A control group of 1500 students merely filled out the religion survey .
Strong religious feelings
Men and women who looked at attractive members of the same sex reported stronger religious feelings than those who checked out prospective mates or just filled in the survey .
They were more likely to say “ I believe in God ” and “ We ’d be better off if religion played a bigger role in people ’s lives . ”
“ It ’s an interesting and surprising phenomenon , ” says Kenrick , who speculates that people ramp up their belief in a system that tends to enforce monogamy when they ’re confronted with fierce sexual competition .
It might have been expected , for example , that people are more religious when they are young , when they have to compete more for sex .
“ People actually switch on and off their religious beliefs over their lifetime to fit the current mating context they ’re in , ” he adds .
Sexual strife might not be the only reason people dial up and down their belief in God .
Another new report pins changes in religious belief on anxiety .
Aaron Kay ‘s team at the University of Waterloo asked 37 undergraduates to his laboratory , he told them , to study the effects of an herbal supplement on colour perception .
He told half of them that the supplement had no side effects , the other half that it causes mild anxiety .
Slimy worms
Next , he asked participants from both groups to unscramble lists of five words into four - word sentences that primed them for either unpleasant feelings or random behaviour .
So the random group might transform “ the haphazardly flew for robin ” into “ the robin flew haphazardly . ”
While the other translates “ eat slimy worms for robins ” into “ robins eat slimy worms . ”
Finally , Kay ’s team probed the religious and spiritual beliefs of the volunteers , none of whom picked up on the ruse after the experiment was done .
Volunteers who thought about random behaviour reported stronger religious beliefs than volunteers who pondered slimy worms and other unpleasant subjects , Kay ’s team reports , but only if they believed that the herbal supplement had no side effects .
Given an excuse to explain away their anxiety with a pill , volunteers were happy to chose it rather than God .
“ You want to get rid of this anxiety and one way to get rid of it is supernatural control , ” Kay says .
Norenzayan , who has shown that temporary thoughts of death also make people more religious , agrees that religion can sometimes act like Prozac : “ This is one of the reasons why I think religion is such an important part of human life and culture , it addresses some of these deeply rooted anxieties people have about life , ” he says .
Journal references : Sex : Journal of Experimental and Social Psychology , DOI : 10.1016/j.jesp.2009.10.017
Stress : Psychological Science , DOI : 10.1177/0956797609357750
The allegations in Newsweek magazine contribute to an ever more disturbing portrait of embattled marines under high stress , some on their third tour of duty after ferocious door - to - door fighting in the Sunni insurgent strongholds of Falluja and Haditha .
The wife of the unnamed staff sergeant claimed there had been a " total breakdown " in the unit 's discipline after it was pulled out of Falluja in early 2005 .
" There were problems in Kilo company with drugs , alcohol , hazing [ violent initiation games ] , you name it , " she said .
" I think it 's more than possible that these guys were totally tweaked out on speed or something when they shot those civilians in Haditha . "
The troops in Iraq have been ordered to take refresher courses on battlefield ethics , but a growing body of evidence from Haditha suggests the strain of repeated deployments in Iraq is beginning to unravel the cohesion and discipline of the combat troops .
" We are in trouble in Iraq , " Barry McCaffrey , a retired army general who played a leading role in the Iraq war , told Time magazine .
" Our forces ca n't sustain this pace , and I 'm afraid the American people are walking away from this war . "
The Newsweek account described a gung - ho battalion that had staged a chariot race , complete with captured horses , togas and heavy metal music , before the battle for Falluja in late 2004 .
The marines were given loose rules of engagement in the vicious urban warfare that followed .
" If you see someone with a cellphone , " said one of the commanders was quoted as saying , half - jokingly , " put a bullet in their fucking head " .
At one point in the battle , a marine from the 3rd battalion was caught on camera shooting a wounded , unarmed man as he lay on the ground .
However , the marine involved was later exonerated .
The third battalion lost 17 men in 10 days in Falluja and by the time the troops arrived in Haditha , in autumn last year , it was clear morale had plummeted .
A Daily Telegraph reporter who visited its headquarters early this year at Haditha Dam , on the outskirts of the town , described it as a " feral place " where discipline was " approaching breakdown " .
He reported that some marines had left the official living quarters and had set up separate encampments with signs ordering outsiders to keep out .
Other observers , however , have come away from time spent with the marines with different impressions .
Lucian Read , a photographer who spent five months with Kilo company , said it was generally well led , although sometimes squads had to go on patrol without an officer because there were not enough to go around .
Mr Read told Time magazine that Kilo company was the " most human " of the many units he had accompanied in Iraq .
" They were never abusive , " he said .
" There was a certain amount of antagonism and frustration when people did n't cooperate .
But it 's not like they had ' kill 'em all ' spray - painted on the walls . "
Three senior officers in the Haditha - based 3rd battalion of the first marine regiment , known as the Thundering Third , have been relieved of duty because of a " lack of confidence " in their leadership .
The officers include Captain Lucas McConnell , the head of Kilo company , which was directly involved in the deaths of 24 unarmed Iraqis there on November 19 .
Another captain from the battalion , James Kimber , was relieved of duty for a separate incident , according to his lawyer , who said his subordinates in India company had sworn and derided Iraqi security forces in an interview with Sky News .
The commander of the third battalion , Lieutenant Colonel Jeffrey Chessani , has also been made to step down pending the outcome of the Haditha investigation .
A criminal investigation conducted by navy investigators into the Haditha killings is still under way , but a parallel army inquiry into the wider issues has been completed .
However , a military official said some findings might be withheld pending the principle inquiry findings .
On Saturday the Iraqi government rejected the findings of a US inquiry into the death of nine civilians in a US raid in the town of Ishaqi and said it would conduct its own investigation .
