Somewhere between David Lynch and Public Access .
Embed :
To paraphrase Mark Twain :
The reports of higher education ’s death have been an exaggeration .
American universities produce more research and relevant knowledge for the world at large than any other institutions I know of .
Tuition may be too damn high , but over the long - run , undergraduate degrees are definitely worth the cost .
But Penn State could be so much more .
It used to be , I think .
John McCain said he ’d support ending the US military ’s ban on gay soldiers if military leaders agreed .
On Tuesday , the nation ’s highest military officer , Adm .
Mike Mullen , did just that .
But McCain said he still would n’t support the law ’s repeal .
“ I ’ve never seen someone be so dickish about going back on their word , ” Jon Stewart exclaimed in reply .
ADVERTISEMENT
The Daily Show offered a unique take focused on McCain ’s seeming hypocrisy : stop letting old people openly serve in the Senate .
“ These are difficult times , ” Oliver said .
“ The economy in recession .
Two wars and now Haiti .
I think it ’s time that we stop letting old people serve in the Senate . ”
This video is from Comedy Central ’s The Daily Show , broadcast Feb. 3 , 2010 .
Roughly a week ago , Mininova was still the largest torrent site on the Internet , but this quickly changed after the site 's founders removed of millions of torrents to avoid having to pay millions of dollars in fines .
In the days that followed , traffic to the site dropped 66 % , while the number of daily downloads are less than 4 % of what they used to be .
After nearly five years of loyal service , Mininova deleted over a million torrent files when it partly shut down its website a week ago .
What remains are a few thousand torrents that were uploaded though its content distribution platform , which only lists uploads by approved users .
Mininova was forced to take such a drastic measure following a negative verdict in their court battle with the local anti-piracy outfit BREIN this summer .
The torrent indexer was told by the court to remove all infringing torrent files from its index .
This was technically unfeasible according to the Mininova team , who were left with no other choice than to remove all torrent files uploaded by regular users .
This move resulted in the deletion of more than a million torrents , many of which were not infringing any copyrights at all .
As expected , the consequences of this decision for Mininova ’s traffic , as well as the number of searches and downloads on the site , are disastrous .
In just a few days Mininova ’s traffic plummeted by 66 % , from well over 5 million visits the day before the torrents were removed , to just 1.8 million yesterday .
If the downward trend continues at this rate , the site will have less than a million visits a day a week from now , throwing it out of the top 10 most visited torrent sites that it led for two years in a row .
Mininova ’s visits per day
Even more striking perhaps is the drop in downloads and searches .
As can be seen from the graph below , the number of downloads dropped from over 10 million a day to just 371,424 .
The number of searches went down from 10 to 3 million , a less steep drop than the downloads , probably indicating that not everyone is aware of the reduced number of torrents on the site .
Downloads and searches on Mininova
So what ’s next ?
There is no doubt that Dutch anti-piracy outfit BREIN will be proud of their accomplishment , but aside from ruining Mininova ’s business it will not have a significant impact on the overall volume of BitTorrent traffic .
As always , new sites emerge by the dozens as old ones are shut down and users quickly adapt to the new situation .
A network engineer at a major Aussie ISP has confirmed that Mininova ’s partial shutdown has had no noticeable effect on traffic volumes .
“ I did n’t notice any reduction in [ torrent ] traffic when The Pirate Bay went down .
It ’s hard to see how there ’d be any significant change from Mininova ’s withdrawal . ”
That said , the ‘ end ’ of Mininova does leave a scar behind .
For years most torrent indexers heavily relied on torrents that were uploaded to Mininova .
With over a million user - uploaded torrents , the site was without a doubt the main torrent provider on the Internet .
Although most of the torrents are still mirrored on other sites , Mininova ’s role as content provider has to be taken over by others .
[ / caption ]
Galaxies come in all sorts of shapes .
But in the past , the various galaxy shapes used to be more diverse and “ peculiar ” than they are now .
Over time , according to a new study , galaxies tend to become spirals .
“ Six billion years ago , there were many more peculiar galaxies than now — a very surprising result , ” said Rodney Delgado - Serrano , lead author of a new paper .
“ This means that in the last six billion years , these peculiar galaxies must have become normal spirals , giving us a more dramatic picture of the recent Universe than we had before . ”
Using data from the Hubble Space Telescope and the Sloan Digital Sky Survey , a team of astronomers created the first demographic census of galaxy types at two different points in the Universe ’s history , putting together two Hubble sequences from different eras that help explain how galaxies form .
The results showed that the Hubble sequence six billion years ago was very different from the one that astronomers see today .
The top image represents the current — or local — universe , and the bottom image represents the make up of the distant galaxies ( six billion years ago ) , showing a much larger fraction of peculiar galaxies .
In sampling 116 local galaxies and 148 distant galaxies , the researchers found that more than half of the present - day spiral galaxies had so - called peculiar shapes only 6 billion years ago .
Edwin Hubble invented the Hubble Sequence , sometimes called the Hubble tuning - fork diagram .
The diagram divides galaxies into three 3 broad classes based on their basic shapes : spiral , barred spiral , and elliptical .
“ Our aim was to find a scenario that would connect the current picture of the Universe with the morphologies of distant , older galaxies — to find the right fit for this puzzling view of galaxy evolution , ” said François Hammer of the Observatoire de Paris who led the team of astronomers .
The astronomers think that these peculiar galaxies did indeed become spirals through collisions and merging .
This is contrary to the widely held opinion that galaxy mergers result in the formation of elliptical galaxies , but Hammer and his team propose a “ spiral rebuilding ” hypothesis , which suggests that peculiar galaxies affected by gas - rich mergers are slowly reborn as giant spirals with discs and central bulges .
Crashes between galaxies give rise to enormous new galaxies and , although it was commonly believed that galaxy mergers decreased significantly eight billion years ago , the new result implies that mergers were still occurring frequently after that time — up to as recently as four billion years ago .
Link to higher resolution version of the top image .
Papers :
Hammer , et al .
Delgado - Serrano et al .
Source : Space Telescope Institute
In boxing it ’s not uncommon to see fighters going unbeaten for extended periods of time , racking up dozens of wins along the way .
With so many different facets to the sport of mixed martial arts however , both on standing up and on the ground , it ’s rare to see a fighter going more than a handful of fights without coming undone to either a strike , submission , or judges decision .
With the UFC possessing many of the world ’s best fighters within their ranks it becomes even more challenging , but their are some who have achieved it .
In this article we will look at the fighters who are currently defying the odds and notching up an extended winning run on the sports biggest stage .
Note : Article last updated on February 8th 2011
—
Anderson Silva : Thirteen Consecutive Wins ( June 2006 – Present Day )
Holding the record for most consecutive wins in the history of the UFC , Anderson Silva ’s remarkable winning streak spans almost five years , two divisions , and eight successful defenses of his middleweight title .
When you take a closer look at his winning record more impressive statistics emerge .
For instance , up until his fight with Demain Maia , only once in his unbeaten run has he went the distance in a fight – against Thales Leites , who appeared reluctant to engage with the champion .
It ’s hard to blame Leites when you realize that Silva has KO ’d five of his UFC opponents , and only a handful have made it out of the first round with the deadly striker .
At UFC 117 was given his toughest fight yet by Chael Sonnen , but showed the heart of a champion to snatch a last gasp submission win and maintain his remarkable unbeaten run .
Billed as the biggest fight in middleweight history , Silva ’s fight with fellow Brazilian Vitor Belfort turned out to be just another opportunity for him to show of his unparalleled skills , becoming the first fighter to KO Belfort with a stunning front kick to the face in the first round .
—
Georges St. Pierre : Eight Consecutive Wins ( August 2007 – Present Day )
Widely considered to be one of the top three pound for pound fighters in the world , welterweight champion Georges St. Pierre has had a remarkably successful career in the UFC .
Alongside his current winning streak he also previously recorded another six fight unbeaten run in the octagon .
What makes his current streak all the more impressive is the caliber of competition he has faced – Josh Koscheck , Matt Hughes , Matt Serra , Jon Fitch , BJ Penn , Thiago Alves and Dan Hardy – a veritable who ’s who of the welterweight division .
The major problem for GSP now is finding opponents worthy of stepping in the cage with him .
At this stage a long rumored fight with the fighter at the top of this list – Anderson Silva , may be the biggest threat to St.
Pierre ’s dominant run .
—
Cain Velasquez : Seven Consecutive Wins ( April 2008 – Present Day )
Cain Velasquez had just two fights ( both wins ) on his record prior to finding himself in the UFC ’s heavyweight division , but the highly regarded prospect did n’t let his lack of experience get in his way , and has since notched up seven consecutive wins .
An unrelenting competitor in the octagon , Velasquez has succeeded in ending five of his seven fights before the final bell by TKO .
He ’s also bettered some established fighters in the heavyweight division , including Cheick Kongo and former IFL champion Ben Rothwell , who had over 30 fights more than Velasquez heading into that bout .
Against Antonio Rodrigo Nogueira we finally got to see Velasquez earn his first KO victory , taking just over two minutes to finish the Brazilian , who has never been stopped by cleanly knocked out before .
That convincing win sent a message to the rest of the heavyweight division that Velasquez was the real deal , but just a few months later he took it one stage further by defeating Brock Lesnar by TKO to become the new UFC heavyweight champion , and is now regarded by many as the No.1 heavyweight fighter in the world .
—
George Sotiropoulos : Seven Consecutive Wins ( December 2007 - Present Day )
Entering into the UFC via The Ultimate Fighter Season 6 , Australian George Sotiropoulos has since taken three years to put together his seven fight unbeaten run , and that includes a year out injured between April 2008 – August 2009 .
Until recently Sotiropoulos had compiled the majority of his run away from the spotlight of the main card , against the likes of George Roop and Jason Dent which led to fans calling for him to receive a more recognized opponent .
Those calls were answered at UFC 110 in Australia when he took on former No.1 lightweight contender Joe ‘ Daddy ’ Stevenson .
In front of his home fans Sotiropoulos produced his best performance in the octagon to date to secure a decision win and keep his winning streak intact , and has since added Kurt Pellegrino and Joe Lauzon to his list of victims .
—
Junior Dos Santos : Six Consecutive Wins ( October 2008 – Present Day )
The first in a string of fighter with five consecutive victories in the UFC under their belt , Junior Dos Santos has been making serious waves in the heavyweight division .
Dos Santos has n’t had it easy since his arrival in the UFC in October of 2008 .
His first opponent was Fabricio Werdum , the man who just ended Fedor Emelianenko ’s 10 year undefeated run .
Since then other respected fighters , Stefan Struve , Mirko Cro Cop , Gilbert Yvel and Gabe Gonzaga have also been handily dispatched – four of them within the first round .
Impressive – and he ’s still only 25 years old .
Most recently Dos Santos faced Roy Nelson and outstruck the veteran fighter for three rounds to secure a title shot against Cain Velasquez .
Unfortunately with Velasquez out injured Dos Santos will have to wait for his shot at the belt , but in the mean time he ’ll be kept busy coaching on TUF season 13 , followed up with a blockbuster showdown with Brock Lesnar .
—
Jim Miller – Six Consecutive Victories ( July 11th 2009 – Present Day )
lightweight contender Jim Miller has managed to rack up a six fight winning streak in impressively short order .
In less than two years Miller has hacked his way through the lightweight jungle , taking out Mac Danzig , Steve Lopez , Duane Ludwig , Mark Bocek , Gleison Tibau and Charles Oliveria .
He ’ll get a chance to add to his current record and strengthen his case for a title shot when he welcomes the WEC ’s Kamal Shalorus to the Octagon at UFC 128 in March .
Honorable mention : Just below the front - runners is Jon Fitch who has five consecutive victories .
When added to the eight fight winning streak he already holds in the promotion , with just one defeat in - between , that ’s one of the most impressive runs of any fighter on the roster .
—
Article By RossC ( Last updated on July 19th )
Pictures courtesy of sherdog.com
If you enjoyed this article then you might enjoy some of our other recent features such as :
The Top 12 UFC Fighter Salaries In 2009
Where Are They Now ? 20 Fighters Cut From The UFC In 2009
—
The A.F.L.- C.I.O. , the main umbrella group for the nation ’s labor unions , announced on Thursday that it was joining with the National Labor College and the Princeton Review to create an online college for the federation ’s 11.5 million members and their families .
The new college , tentatively named the College for Working Families , will seek to “ expand job opportunities for its members by providing education and retraining in a way that ’s affordable and accessible , ” the founders said .
The college will be the first and only accredited degree - granting online institution devoted exclusively to educating union members .
It plans to begin offering courses this fall , including ones on criminal justice , education , business and allied health sciences .
“ We ’re working on a survey to send out to the A.F.L. - C.I.O. ’s members to find out what they ’d be interested in , ” said William Scheuerman , president of the National Labor College , a 41 - year - old college for union members based in Silver Spring , Md .
In September 2009 , the Wii did something completely unexpected for the console – it was outsold by the Playstation 3 .
The most obvious culprit for this could be attributed to Sony ’s price drop and marketing campaign .
Instead of placing the credit on Sony , would it be more accurate to put the blame on Nintendo ?
The wand wonder recently received its first price drop to $ 199 in late September , but that could have been cutting things a bit close .
But we are n’t here to specifically discuss the console war brewing in the far east , but what affect it ’s having on Nintendo ’s bottom line .
It ’s natural to assume the company foresaw this trend months in advance .
Things lined up too perfectly to consider an alternative .
Satoru Iwata is a smart man , and his company is in an unprecedented position since their first console .
It ’s only natural for them to want to maintain this success , but will launching the next next next DS be the best way to keep their products printing money ?
You can only retool a product every so often before people will start to wait it out .
All about the bottom line
To simplify my opening statement I ’m considering the fact that the Nintendo Wii ’s lack of a price drop was a shrewd calculation less than a necessary business decision .
Wii production cost was just slimmed down 45 % a few months ago .
It could have come at any time given the margin of profit the company received on the landmark 50 million shipped consoles .
The company ’s sales have dropped 50 % , a fitting statistic .
Unlike Microsoft and Sony , Nintendo is banking heavily on its games division to meet their operating costs .
The general plan being sell as many Wii’s as possible for as long as they could maintain demand .
With a price drop currently in effect , their profit has to be ‘ reimbursed ’ from somewhere .
That ’s where the DSi XL comes in .
The DS platform is everything Nintendo wants the Wii to become .
An infinitely renewable source of income with a solid library of first and third party titles .
Until it becomes that , they ’re willing to bank 50 % of their profits on consumers willing to buy a new DSi .
It ’s not a bad bet , the DS has the track record to support it .
Consumers seem to be willing to put up with constant retools to their favorite electronics .
But what happens when the bet loses out ?
You do n’t really get second chance on the same platform .
If the DSi XXL were to ship in Q4 2010 , what would keep observant consumers from waiting it out for the DS 2 , or their next wave of handheld ?
Without isolating your hundreds of millions of handhelds , Nintendo really does n’t provide enough incentive to warrant an upgrade .
Risk Management
Nintendo loves money , but they hate piracy .
There ’s another reason why you could be seeing a bigger push for the ‘ i ’ portion of the DSi platform itself .
For the moment , the DS and DS Lite are the most susceptible to hacks and modifications that open the platform to all sorts of alterations .
Music , emulation , backwards compatibility , all possible on the earlier iterations .
DS first and third party game sales are incredible , but they could be “ more ” incredible .
When you ’re expecting your company to sustain a substantial profit drop in an attempt to maximize profits , it pays to take a look at the things that might be keeping a few extra million dollars out of the share holder ’s report .
Launching a new DSi would further expand a growing market with potentially more protected DS , strengthening the company ’s bottom line .
At least on paper .
You really have to gauge the risk vs benefits in the consumer mindset .
Granted it ’s not nearly is foul as the PSP
Go ’s predicament , and a much larger install base is more forgiving than a small one , but sooner or later something is going to give .
It always does .
Nintendo is aware of this all too well .
What is the plan here ?
If you were looking at whose business model Nintendo seems to be following at this point , you would find that it would resemble a hybrid of Apple and Tamagotchi .
A system based upon revision and internal innovation , yet marketed to a core group that is expansive only in the fact that new consumers will rise to replace the old .
Apple markets to its everyone age group , and now so does Nintendo .
Let ’s face it , Nintendo built itself pitching its products to those who sunk quarters into arcade machines as if their lives depended on it .
Those gamers migrated to Sony and Microsoft .
If I were them I ’d have felt a sense of abandonment too in the last generation .
It ’s only reciprocity which defines their decision to now cater to a wider market .
One that , well , for lack of a better way to phrase this , is born every second .
There ’s always a new parent who walks into a store with a smile and a child , wondering which video game system to give their newly born gamer .
Nintendo is not only there to cut the umbilical cord , but also provide them with a warranty .
By maximizing saturation with a newly released product , not only do they get the press working for them , but the electronic retailers and even the parents .
“ Not that old one honey , get the one that says ‘ new ’ . ”
“ Yes dear . ”
At the same time , a Nintendo faithful groans , sliding their DSi into their pocket they bought prior to the announcement , only to feel once again befouled by the company who had once delivered them into the world of gaming .
Still not buying it ?
My argument , not the DSi XL .
That ’s fine .
Nintendo has been down and out before , but they ’ve also been top dog before as well .
With their current way of thinking you ’re better off sitting on the side lines .
Consumers for whatever platform they ship wo n’t disappear overnight .
But there ’s not a whole lot stopping them from considering what exactly is the point ?
Buy it now , or buy it ten months later .
Same price , new features .
If this Nintendo Wii HD thing really turns out to be true , who ’s really going to question the idea then ?
Massively superior numbers so that occupiers can limit the zones to which the insurgents have easy access .
The support of the locals in order to limit the places that the guerillas can disappear into .
Superior intelligence so that the fight can be consistently taken to the insurgents rather than vice versa .
The American Strategy
On Feb. 13 , some 6,000 U.S. Marines , soldiers and Afghan National Army ( ANA ) troops launched a sustained assault on the town of Marjah in Helmand province .
Until this latest offensive , the U.S. and NATO effort in Afghanistan had been constrained by other considerations , most notably Iraq .
Western forces viewed the Afghan conflict as a matter of holding the line or pursuing targets of opportunity .
But now , armed with larger forces and a new strategy , the war — the real war — has begun .
The most recent offensive — dubbed Operation Moshtarak ( " Moshtarak " is Dari for " together " ) — is the largest joint U.S. - NATO - Afghan operation in history .
It also is the first major offensive conducted by the first units deployed as part of the surge of 30,000 troops promised by U.S. President Barack Obama .
The United States originally entered Afghanistan in the aftermath of the Sept. 11 attacks .
In those days of fear and fury , American goals could be simply stated : A non-state actor — al Qaeda — had attacked the American homeland and needed to be destroyed .
Al Qaeda was based in Afghanistan at the invitation of a near - state actor — the Taliban , which at the time were Afghanistan 's de facto governing force .
Since the Taliban were unwilling to hand al Qaeda over , the United States attacked .
By the end of the year , al Qaeda had relocated to neighboring Pakistan and the Taliban retreated into the arid , mountainous countryside in their southern heartland and began waging a guerrilla conflict .
In time , American attention became split between searching for al Qaeda and clashing with the Taliban over control of Afghanistan .
But from the earliest days following 9/11 , the White House was eyeing Iraq , and with the Taliban having largely declined combat in the initial invasion , the path seemed clear .
The U.S. military and diplomatic focus was shifted , and as the years wore on , the conflict absorbed more and more U.S. troops , even as other issues — a resurgent Russia and a defiant Iran — began to demand American attention .
All of this and more consumed American bandwidth , and the Afghan conflict melted into the background .
The United States maintained its Afghan force in what could accurately be described as a holding action as the bulk of its forces operated elsewhere .
That has more or less been the state of affairs for eight years .
That has changed with the series of offensive operations that most recently culminated at Marjah .
Why Marjah ?
The key is the geography of Afghanistan and the nature of the conflict itself .
Most of Afghanistan is custom - made for a guerrilla war .
Much of the country is mountainous , encouraging local identities and militias , as well as complicating the task of any foreign military force .
The country 's aridity discourages dense population centers , making it very easy for irregular combatants to melt into the countryside .
Afghanistan lacks navigable rivers or ports , drastically reducing the region 's likelihood of developing commerce .
No commerce to tax means fewer resources to fund a meaningful government or military and encourages the smuggling of every good imaginable — and that smuggling provides the perfect funding for guerrillas .
Rooting out insurgents is no simple task .
It requires three things :
Without those three things — and American - led forces in Afghanistan lack all three — the insurgents can simply take the fight to the occupiers , retreat to rearm and regroup and return again shortly thereafter .
But the insurgents hardly hold all the cards .
Guerrilla forces are by their very nature irregular .
Their capacity to organize and strike is quite limited , and while they can turn a region into a hellish morass for an opponent , they have great difficulty holding territory — particularly territory that a regular force chooses to contest .
Should they mass into a force that could achieve a major battlefield victory , a regular force — which is by definition better - funded , - trained , - organized and - armed — will almost always smash the irregulars .
As such , the default guerrilla tactic is to attrit and harass the occupier into giving up and going home .
The guerrillas always decline combat in the face of a superior military force only to come back and fight at a time and place of their choosing .
Time is always on the guerrilla 's side if the regular force is not a local one .
But while the guerrillas do n't require basing locations that are as large or as formalized as those required by regular forces , they are still bound by basic economics .
They need resources — money , men and weapons — to operate .
The larger these locations are , the better economies of scale they can achieve and the more effectively they can fight their war .
Marjah is perhaps the quintessential example of a good location from which to base .
It is in a region sympathetic to the Taliban ; Helmand province is part of the Taliban 's heartland .
Marjah is very close to Kandahar , Afghanistan 's second city , the religious center of the local brand of Islam , the birthplace of the Taliban , and due to the presence of American forces , an excellent target .
Helmand alone produces more heroin than any country on the planet , and Marjah is at the center of that trade .
By some estimates , this center alone supplies the Taliban with a monthly income of $ 200,000 .
And it is defensible :
The farmland is crisscrossed with irrigation canals and dotted with mud-brick compounds — and , given time to prepare , a veritable plague of IEDs .
Simply put , regardless of the Taliban 's strategic or tactical goals , Marjah is a critical node in their operations .
Though operations have approached Marjah in the past , it has not been something NATO 's International Security Assistance Force ( ISAF ) ever has tried to hold .
The British , Canadian and Danish troops holding the line in the country 's restive south had their hands full enough .
Despite Marjah 's importance to the Taliban , ISAF forces were too few to engage the Taliban everywhere ( and they remain as such ) .
But American priorities started changing about two years ago .
The surge of forces into Iraq changed the position of many a player in the country .
Those changes allowed a reshaping of the Iraq conflict that laid the groundwork for the current " stability " and American withdrawal .
At the same time , the Taliban began to resurge in a big way .
Since then the Bush and then Obama administrations inched toward applying a similar strategy to Afghanistan , a strategy that focuses less on battlefield success and more on altering the parameters of the country itself .
As the Obama administration 's strategy has begun to take shape , it has started thinking about endgames .
A decades - long occupation and pacification of Afghanistan is simply not in the cards .
A withdrawal is , but only a withdrawal where the security free - for - all that allowed al Qaeda to thrive will not return .
And this is where Marjah comes in .
Denying the Taliban control of poppy farming communities like Marjah and the key population centers along the Helmand River Valley — and areas like them around the country — is the first goal of the American strategy .
The fewer key population centers the Taliban can count on , the more dispersed — and militarily inefficient — their forces will be .
This will hardly destroy the Taliban , but destruction is n't the goal .
The Taliban are not simply a militant Islamist force .
At times they are a flag of convenience for businessmen or thugs ; they can even be , simply , the least - bad alternative for villagers desperate for basic security and civil services .
In many parts of Afghanistan , the Taliban are not only pervasive but also the sole option for governance and civil authority .
So destruction of what is in essence part of the local cultural and political fabric is not an American goal .
Instead , the goal is to prevent the Taliban from mounting large - scale operations that could overwhelm any particular location .
Remember , the Americans do not wish to pacify Afghanistan ; the Americans wish to leave Afghanistan in a form that will not cause the United States severe problems down the road .
In effect , achieving the first goal simply aims to shape the ground for a shot at achieving the second .
That second goal is to establish a domestic authority that can stand up to the Taliban in the long run .
Most of the surge of forces into Afghanistan is not designed to battle the Taliban now but to secure the population and train the Afghan security forces to battle the Taliban later .
To do this , the Taliban must be weak enough in a formal military sense to be unable to launch massive or coordinated attacks .
Capturing key population centers along the Helmand River Valley is the first step in a strategy designed to create the breathing room necessary to create a replacement force , preferably a replacement force that provides Afghans with a viable alternative to the Taliban .
That is no small task .
In recent years , in places where the official government has been corrupt , inept or defunct , the Taliban have in many cases stepped in to provide basic governance and civil authority .
And this is why even the Americans are publicly flirting with holding talks with certain factions of the Taliban in hopes that at least some of the fighters can be dissuaded from battling the Americans ( assisting with the first goal ) and perhaps even joining the nascent Afghan government ( assisting with the second ) .
The bottom line is that this battle does not mark the turning of the tide of the war .
Instead , it is part of the application of a new strategy that accurately takes into account Afghanistan 's geography and all the weaknesses and challenges that geography poses .
Marjah marks the first time the United States has applied a plan not to hold the line , but actually to reshape the country .
We are not saying that the strategy will bear fruit .
Afghanistan is a corrupt mess populated by citizens who are far more comfortable thinking and acting locally and tribally than nationally .
In such a place indigenous guerrillas will always hold the advantage .
No one has ever attempted this sort of national restructuring in Afghanistan , and the Americans are attempting to do so in a short period on a shoestring budget .
At the time of this writing , this first step appears to be going well for American - NATO - Afghan forces .
Casualties have been light and most of Marjah already has been secured .
But do not read this as a massive battlefield success .
The assault required weeks of obvious preparation , and very few Taliban fighters chose to remain and contest the territory against the more numerous and better armed attackers .
The American challenge lies not so much in assaulting or capturing Marjah but in continuing to deny it to the Taliban .
If the Americans cannot actually hold places like Marjah , then they are simply engaging in an exhausting and reactive strategy of chasing a dispersed and mobile target .
A " government - in - a- box " of civilian administrators is already poised to move into Marjah to step into the vacuum left by the Taliban .
We obviously have major doubts about how effective this box government can be at building up civil authority in a town that has been governed by the Taliban for most of the last decade .
Yet what happens in Marjah and places like it in the coming months will be the foundation upon which the success or failure of this effort will be built .
But assessing that process is simply impossible , because the only measure that matters cannot be judged until the Afghans are left to themselves .
1994 : Massive earthquake hits Los Angeles
A huge earthquake has rocked Los Angeles , killing more than 20 people .
The earthquake , which measured 6.6 on the Richter scale and lasted for 40 seconds , struck at 0431 local time ( 1231 GMT ) .
More than 1,000 people have been injured and the death toll is expected to rise as rescuers continue to pull bodies from collapsed buildings .
Mayor of Los Angeles Richard Riordan has declared a state of emergency and an evening curfew has been imposed .
The airport has been closed due to a lack of power and doctors are having to perform surgery in the open air because hospital buildings are severely damaged .
' Stay home , stay calm '
The area worst hit is reported to have been the San Fernando Valley where the quake is likely to have affected up to three million people .
Los Angeles emergency services are stretched to the limit and using heat detecting cameras and listening equipment to trace signs of life beneath the rubble .
One of the city 's fire fighters , Grove Lumas , said it was fortunate the quake had struck during the night .
He said : " If this had happened in the middle of the day we would have been stacking up the bodies . "
Experts are warning of potential aftershocks and police have issued a statement warning of isolated cases of looting .
The authorities have told residents to " stay home " and " stay calm " .
The Master 's Facebook Page By The - Hellish - Gnome Watch
1K Favourites 281 Comments 96 K Views
Just a really random idea I had which I put into action .
It 's the recent Doctor Who episode ' The End of Time , Part 1 ' as told through the Master 's Facebook page .
All of my Fictional Character Facebook Pages are done entirely using Photoshop .
HG
IMAGE DETAILS Image size 1018x1166px 208.76 KB
Show More
Obama jobs summit : “ No money for jobs ”
By Barry Grey
5 December 2009
Thursday ’s White House summit on jobs was an open display of the callousness and indifference of President Barack Obama and the American corporate elite to the plight of the working class .
In the course of a two - hour “ brainstorming ” session with 130 corporate CEOs , government officials , trade union executives and economists , Obama flatly rejected any major new allocation of federal funds to create jobs and ruled out a second stimulus package .
Two days after he announced an escalation of the deeply unpopular war in Afghanistan , which he said would cost $ 30 billion a year , Obama insisted at Thursday ’s gathering that the government ’s resources were too “ limited ” to finance job creation programs .
Instead , he appealed to the multi-millionaire CEOs in attendance to propose measures that would induce them to begin hiring workers .
“ What ’s holding back business investment and how we can increase confidence and spur hiring ? ” he asked .
“ And if there are things that we ’re doing in Washington that are inhibiting you , then we want to know about it . ”
The CEOs of FedEx and Walt Disney — whose combined compensation last year surpassed $ 61.5 million — responded with demands for cuts in corporate taxes , a proposal that was widely seconded by the other business chiefs in attendance .
Obama indicated that he would propose tax incentives for hiring new employees , the dismantling of business regulations and other measures that will do next to nothing to put jobless people back to work , but will further bolster the executives ’ profits .
On Friday , Obama staged a town meeting in Allentown , Pennsylvania , a city devastated by the closure of its steel mills .
In an attempt to give his jobs policy a populist gloss , he mildly criticized the banks for not lending to small businesses and consumers and took some rhetorical shots at the insurance companies .
However , he had nothing substantive to propose .
Later on Friday , there were reports that Obama might propose using for economic stimulus purposes some of the unallocated funds in the bank bailout Troubled Asset Relief Program ( TARP ) — a drop in the bucket compared to the scale of the jobs crisis — when he gives a speech on the economy next Tuesday .
Thursday ’s jobs summit was intended as a public relations stunt to placate and disorient growing popular anger over mass unemployment and rising home foreclosures , hunger and poverty , and the refusal of the government to provide any serious relief .
Instead , the event only underscored the oligarchic social interests represented by Obama and the entire political establishment .
In his opening remarks , Obama said that any steps to address the soaring jobless rate had “ to face the fact that our resources are limited . ”
Government measures had to be “ surgical , ” he declared .
Obama was referring to the massive federal budget deficit of $ 1.4 trillion .
He neglected to note that the major reason for the tripling of last year ’s deficit and explosive growth of the national debt was a bailout of the banks that , according to the inspector general of TARP , has allocated up to $ 23.7 trillion in cash handouts , loans , debt guarantees and other subsidies to the financial elite .
Nor did he , or anyone else at the summit , choose to mention that compensation at the 23 biggest US banks , hedge funds and other financial firms is expected to top $ 140 billion this year .
In an interview with the Detroit Free Press and USA Today prior to the summit , Obama said , “ It ’s not going to be possible for us to have a huge second stimulus , because frankly , we just do n’t have the money . ”
The unstated premise of this claim is that nothing can be done that impinges on the wealth of the American financial aristocracy or threatens its stranglehold on the economy .
Obama made a point of reiterating his support for the capitalist market , declaring , “ I want to be clear :
While I believe the government has a critical role in creating the conditions for economic growth , ultimately true economic recovery is only going to come from the private sector . ”
This means that job creation must be totally subordinated to the profit interests of the corporations and banks .
That translates into a policy which facilitates ever deeper cuts in wages and the institutionalization of sweat - shop conditions .
There was no mention , let alone condemnation , of the wave of corporate wage - cutting that is driving down working class living standards — a situation that is intended to become a permanent feature of working class life in America , and , indeed , internationally .
In a posting on his blog on the eve of the summit , Robert Reich , labor secretary in the Clinton administration , spelled out in fairly frank terms the implications for workers of the economic crisis and the policies of the government .
He said that the current recession had accelerated a “ structural change ” in the economy .
“ The basic assumption that jobs will eventually return when the economy recovers is probably wrong , ” he wrote .
“ Under the pressure of this awful recession , many companies have found ways to cut their payrolls for good . …
This means many Americans wo n’t be rehired unless they ’re willing to settle for much lower wages and benefits . ”
In lieu of a federal public works program or even a modest tax on financial transactions , both of which the administration opposes , Obama once again promoted alternative energy and “ green ” investment as a cure - all for mass unemployment .
This bit of charlatanry reached the point of absurdity with the claim that providing incentives for homeowners to weatherize their houses — what some at the summit dubbed “ cash for caulkers ” — would represent a major step in addressing the jobs crisis .
Like all of Obama ’s other proposals , “ cash for caulkers ” will have a negligible impact on unemployment , but it will provide a substantial windfall for particular business interests .
One of the most enthusiastic proponents of this idea at the summit was the chief executive of the home improvement giant Home Depot .
In his closing remarks , Obama placed emphasis on driving up US exports .
“ If we just increased our share of exports to Asia by 1 percent , ” he said , “ that ’s about a quarter million jobs right there .
If we increased it by 5 [ percent ] , that ’s a million jobs .
That fills a big hole ; it does n’t cost money .
“ So we are going to be scouring federal regulations , restrictions , et cetera that are inhibiting export growth . ”
The union executives at the summit were eager to jump on this bandwagon , in order to push their reactionary agenda of trade war and economic nationalism .
Teamsters President James Hoffa attacked government trade policies as insufficiently protectionist .
Even taken on its own terms , an increase of 1 million jobs would make only a small dent in the nearly 8 million jobs that have already been wiped out since the recession began .
What Obama did not explain , moreover , is that expanding exports is central to the global strategy of the US ruling elite for offloading the crisis of American capitalism onto its economic rivals , and that the heart of this strategy is a permanent reduction in the living standards of the American working class .
The Obama administration is committed to a policy of using mass unemployment as a weapon to bring the social position of American workers more in line with that of super - exploited workers in rising Asian economies such as China and India .
By means of wage - cutting , speedup and cuts in social programs such as Medicare and Social Security , the US is to be turned into a cheap labor center for exports to the world market .
This is the class war agenda that underlies Obama ’s cynical and duplicitous posturing at the jobs summit .
The author also recommends :
White House holds photo - op “ jobs summit ”
[ 3 December 2009 ]
JANUARY 13 -- A Colorado artist who replaced the labels on 100 Gatorade bottles with a picture of Tiger Woods and his wife and the word " unfaithful " -- and then returned the items to store shelves -- has been charged with tampering with the sports drink , The Smoking Gun has learned .
According to an affidavit filed yesterday in U.S. District Court in Denver , Jason Kay admitted to a U.S. Food and Drug Administration agent that he was responsible for the label swap , which he described as " pop art " in the style of Andy Warhol .
The 38 - year - old Kay , who said he acted alone , told agent Daniel Burke that he purchased the bottles , removed the labels , and then affixed new labels that he " created by using a photocopier and clear adhesive at Kinko's . "
He also provided the investigator with a $ 6 receipt from a Longmont Kinko's on which he had written " pop art . "
Before being contacted by federal agents , Kay exchanged e-mails with a PepsiCo representative via an address he included on the adulterated bottles .
In a January 10 note , Kay raised the possibility of working out a partnership in which the beverage firm would " participate unofficially ( while denying this connection ) by providing support to the artist for travel and per diem in various cities , " claiming it would be " good for Gatorade and good for art . "
Kay reportedly believed that Gatorade would be happy for the " positive press " after the drink stopped using Woods as a pitchman .
Instead , Kay has been hit with a felony charge and two misdemeanor counts , which carry a combined maximum of five years in federal prison .
( 7 pages )
Chomsky ’s Augustinian Anarchism
Noam Chomsky is perhaps the United States ’ best - known anarchist .
There ’s a certain irony to this , however ; for just as St. Augustine once prayed , “ Grant me chastity and continence , but not yet . ”
Chomsky ’s aim is in effect anarchy , but not yet .
Chomsky ’s reason for the “ not yet ” is that a powerful central government is currently necessary as a bulwark against the power of the corporate elite ; thus it will not be safe to abolish or even scale back the state until we first use the state to break the power of the corporate elite :
“ In the long term , I think the centralized political power ought to be eliminated and dissolved and turned down ultimately to the local level , finally , with federalism and associations and so on .
On the other hand , right now , I ’d like to strengthen the federal government .
The reason is , we live in this world , not some other world .
And in this world there happen to be huge concentrations of private power that are as close to tyranny and as close to totalitarian as anything humans have devised .
There ’s only one way of defending rights that have been attained , or of extending their scope in the face of these private powers , and that ’s to maintain the one form of illegitimate power that happens to be somewhat responsible to the public and which the public can indeed influence . ” — You Say You Want a Devolution
Now Chomsky ’s notion of the state as a crucial bulwark against “ concentrations of private power ” might initially seem puzzling , given that — as Chomsky ’s own research has confirmed time and again — the state has historically been the chief enabler of such concentrations .
But what Chomsky seems to mean is not so much that it generally acts as a bulwark now , but rather that it can be made to do so ; if you ’re facing a much stronger opponent ( private power ) who also has a sword ( government power ) , you ’re better off trying to grab the sword and use it against him than you would be simply destroying the sword .
“ The government is far from benign — that ’s true .
On the other hand , it ’s at least partially accountable , and it can become as benign as we make it .
What ’s not benign ( what ’s extremely harmful , in fact ) is something you did n’t mention — business power , which is highly concentrated and , by now , largely transnational .
Business power is very far from benign and it ’s completely unaccountable .
It ’s a totalitarian system that has an enormous effect on our lives .
It ’s also the main reason why the government is n’t benign . ” — On Gun Control
There are two assumptions here with which I want to take issue .
First , Chomsky assumes that the influence of private business on government is “ the main reason why the government is n’t benign . ”
Why on earth does he believe this ?
Monopoly power tends to invite abuse , whether those who direct that power are mostly within or mostly outside the state apparatus .
If Chomsky thinks government would be so harmless without evil capitalists pulling the strings , why does he want to abolish it even in the long run ?
Second , Chomsky assumes that state power is “ partially accountable ” while business power is “ completely unaccountable . ”
Now to begin with , I ’m not sure whether the accountability of state power is here being contrasted with that of actually existing , state - enabled business power or instead with the accountability of business power as it would be without governmental support .
But if it ’s the former , then the contrast , even if correct , would provide no grounds for resisting the state ’s abolition ; the fact that X + Y is more dangerous than X by itself is not a good reason to defend X .
The contrast is relevant to a defense of the state only if business , without state support , would still be less accountable than the state .
And here it seems obvious that the state — even a democratic state — is far less accountable than genuinely private business .
After all , a business can get your labour and / or possessions only if you agree to hand them over , while a government can extract these by force .
Of course you can try to vote your current representatives out of office , but only at multiple - year intervals , and only if you convince 51 % of your neighbours to do likewise ; whereas you can terminate your relationship with a business at any time , and without getting others to go along .
Moreover , each candidate offers a package - deal of policies , whereas with private enterprise I can choose , say , Grocery A’s vegetables and Grocery B ’s meats .
David Friedman illuminates the contrast :
“ When a consumer buys a product on the market , he can compare alternative brands . …
When you elect a politician , you buy nothing but promises . …
You can compare 1968 Fords , Chryslers , and Volkswagens , but nobody will ever be able to compare the Nixon administration of 1968 with the Humphrey and Wallace administrations of the same year .
It is as if we had only Fords from 1920 to 1928 , Chryslers from 1928 to 1936 , and then had to decide what firm would make a better car for the next four years … .
Not only does a consumer have better information than a voter , it is of more use to him .
If I investigate alternative brands of cars …. decide which is best for me , and buy it , I get it .
If I investigate alternative politicians and vote accordingly , I get what the majority votes for . …
Imagine buying cars the way we buy governments .
Ten thousand people would get together and agree to vote , each for the car he preferred .
Whichever car won , each of the ten thousand would have to buy it .
It would not pay any of us to make any serious effort to find out which car was best ; whatever I decide , my car is being picked for me by the other members of the group . …
This is how I must buy products on the political marketplace .
I not only cannot compare the alternative products , it would not be worth my while to do so even if I could . ” —
The Machinery of Freedom
The “ accountability ” provided by democratic government seems laughable by comparison with the accountability provided by the market .
The chief function of the ballot , it would seem , is to make the populace more tractable by convincing them they ’re somehow in charge .
None of this should be news to Chomsky , who after all has himself pointed out :
“ As things now stand , the electoral process is a matter of the population being permitted every once in a while to choose among virtually identical representatives of business power .
That ’s better than having a dictator , but it ’s a very limited form of democracy .
Most of the population realizes that and does n’t even participate . …
And of course elections are almost completely purchased .
In the last congressional elections , 95 percent of the victors in the election outspent their opponents , and campaigns were overwhelmingly funded by corporations . ” — Chomsky ’s Other Revolution
Well , yes , exactly .
So what is the basis of Chomsky ’s faith in the democratic state ?
Chomsky might object that my defense of market accountability ignores the fact that such “ accountability ” involves voting with dollars , so that the wealthy have more votes than the poor — whereas in a democratic state everyone has an equal vote .
But even if we leave aside the causal dependence of existing disparities of wealth on systematic state intervention — as well as the fact that government , by controlling the direction of resources it does not own , magnifies the power of the wealthy — it still remains the case that however few dollars one may have , when one votes with those dollars one gets something back , whereas when one votes with ballots one gets back nothing one was aiming for unless one happens to be voting with the majority .
Which is less democratic — a system in which the effectiveness of one ’s vote varies with one ’s resources , or one in which 49 % of the population has no effective vote at all ?
Chomsky is hardly unaware that what he calls “ business power ” depends crucially on government intervention — since he has done as much as anyone to document this relationship .
As he notes :
“ Any form of concentrated power , whatever it is , is not going to want to be subjected to popular democratic control or , for that matter , to market discipline .
Powerful sectors , including corporate wealth , are naturally opposed to functioning democracy , just as they ’re opposed to functioning markets , for themselves , at least . ” — Reflections on Democracy ( emphasis added )
So if the corporate elite are so terrified of the free market , why is Chomsky so reluctant to hurl them into it ?
Perhaps Chomsky ’s view is that although government is needed to create these concentrations of private power , it ’s not needed to maintain them , so just suppressing the state at this point in the game would leave business power intact .
That ’s not a crazy view , but it needs argument .
After all , systematic government intervention on behalf of big business is n’t just something that happened back in the Gilded Age or the Progressive Era or the New Deal ; it continues , massively and unceasingly .
I would n’t claim ( indeed I ’ve denied ) that private power depends solely and uniquely on state support ; but it ’s hard to believe that all that state support is simply superfluous , as it must be if removing such state support would n’t appreciably weaken business power .
Chomsky has said ( in Answers to Eight Questions on Anarchism ) that although he finds himself “ in substantial agreement with people who consider themselves anarcho - capitalists on a whole range of issues , ” and also “ admire [s ] their commitment to rationality , ” he nevertheless regards the free - market version of anarchism as “ a doctrinal system which , if ever implemented , would lead to forms of tyranny and oppression that have few counterparts in human history . ”
Why ?
Because “ the idea of ‘ free contract ’ between the potentate and his starving subject is a sick joke . ”
But this argument is blatantly question - begging .
Chomsky is assuming the very point that ’s in dispute — namely that without government intervention on behalf of the rich , the economy would be divided into “ potentates ” and “ starving subjects . ”
Now it ’s true that market anarchists ( for reasons explained elsewhere , I prefer to avoid the term “ anarcho - capitalist ” ) themselves have sometimes — mistakenly , in my view — described their ideal economy as looking very much like the distribution of wealth and labour roles in our present economy , only minus the state .
But why should Chomsky take their word for it ?
If the state really is intervening massively and systematically on behalf of the “ potentate ” and against the “ starving subject ” — as Chomsky must admit that it is , since his research explicitly demonstrates just this — why on earth would he expect that power imbalance to remain unchanged once that intervention ceases ?
Not only does Chomsky underestimate the resources of anarchy , but he also appears to overestimate the serviceability of the state .
He writes as if , even though the state is doing lots of bad stuff now , this could all be changed if more people would vote correctly .
Now it ’s true enough that people voting differently can make a difference to just how bad the government is .
( If enough Germans had voted differently in 1932 , they could have gotten a less awful regime . )
Still , at the end of the day , what ’s wrong with a coercive monopoly is not that the wrong people are running it , but rather that — leaving aside its inherent injustice — such a monopoly brings with it incentival and informational perversities which there is no way to avoid ( except by removing the source of the problem , the monopoly , in which case what you have is no longer a state ) .
Ready to print zine PDF .
Original Diary Title :
When does an investor who's " fooled " become an investor who's " defrauded ? "
We may soon find out .
It would appear that Bloomberg Media 's lawyers must 've had a hand in the phrasing of this headline atop a breaking story , tonight : " Goldman Sachs , Greece Didn't Disclose Swap , Investors ` Fooled ' . "
( Hmmm ...." fooled . "
What does it state in Roget 's when you lookup " fraud ? " " Defrauded ? " " Cheated ? " " Scammed ? " )
Well , once you read the story , the bottom line is that if there 's discovery , and source data ( i.e. : " the smoking gun " ) reveals the parties were aware of the deception at the time it occurred , then it is documentation of fraud .
But , the story also tells us that , on Monday , Greek Finance Minister George Papaconstantinou now claims that this was all " legal " when it occurred ?
When did defrauding investors become illegal ?
Yesterday ?
You must be kidding me , right ?
Tonight , Bloomberg tells us how Goldman Sachs Group , Inc. managed $ 15 billion in bond sales for the Greek government after the New York - based firm engaged in a currency swap in 2002 which enabled that sovereign state to hide the depth of its deficit(s ) .
Goldman Sachs , Greece Didn't Disclose Swap , Investors ` Fooled '
Bloomber.com
By Elisa Martinuzzi Feb. 17 ( Bloomberg ) -- ... No mention was made of the swap in sales documents for the securities in at least six of the 10 sales the bank arranged for Greece since the transaction , according to a review of the prospectuses by Bloomberg .
The New York - based firm helped Greece raise $ 1 billion of off - balance - sheet funding in 2002 through the swap , which European Union regulators said they knew nothing about until recent days .
Failing to disclose the swap may have allowed Goldman , a co-lead manager on many of the sales , other underwriters and Greece to get a better price for the securities , said Bill Blain , co-head of fixed income at Matrix Corporate Capital LLP , a London - based broker and fund manager .
" The price of bonds should reflect the reality of Greece 's finances , " Blain said .
" If a bank was selling them to investors on the basis of publicly available information , and they were aware that information was incorrect , then investors have been fooled ... "
The article continues on to tell us that , according to Bloomberg 's research , Goldman Sachs earned roughly one billion dollars underwriting Greek bonds since 2002 .
Reiterating : out of the 10 bond sales that Goldman either managed or co-managed that have occurred since then , prospectuses for six of them ( the other four could n't be sourced by Bloomberg ) contained no mention of the 2002 swaps .
Matrix Corporate Capital 's Blain is also quoted in the fairly lengthy article 's closing paragraph stating what has become pretty obvious even to folks whose I.Q. might be lower than the outdoor temperature on Wall Street this month ...
" Investment banks are guilty of being part of a wider collusion that fudged the numbers to make the euro look like a working currency union , " said Matrix 's Blain .
" The bottom line is foreign exchange and bond investors bought something sellers knew not to be the case . "
The Bloomberg article also tells us that the European Union 's statistics office , Eurostat , has " ... ordered Greece to hand over information on the swaps transactions by the end of this week in an investigation that may extend to other EU countries . "
( As a noted in another diary over the past week , Spain is among the " other EU countries " rumored to be a participant in the investigation . )
Does anyone on the planet really think the formal discovery of a " smoking gun memo " is even necessary at this point ?
It may be a critical " formality , " but it is really just that -- a formality - - now is n't it ?
I mean , after all is said and done , that would mean that we'd have to take a closer look at Bush Treasury Secretary Hank Paulson 's knowledge of the matter , since much of this occurred on his watch when he was CEO of Goldman Sachs .
# # #
Here 's some follow - up reading , complete with numerous other links ( i.e. : NY Times , El Pais , etc. ) on the matter , for those tracking this travesty :
" Germany : ' Goldman broke the spirit of Maastricht Treaty ... ' "
( 2/16/10 )
" Johnson : Eurozone May Ban Goldman , Humiliate Fed ( updated ) " ( 2/15/10 )
" First Greece ; Now Spanish Intelligence Opens Wall St. Probe " ( 2/14/10 )
" Does Wall Street Now Openly Control U.S. Foreign Policy , Too ? " ( 2/9/10 )
27 Striking High Resolution Photography Wallpapers From National Geographic
Advertisement
Every one loves Desktop wallpaper .
Today , we collected most striking high Resolution photography from National Geographic gallery .
These collection highlight different aspects of nature , Blue Life , Red Life , Animals etc
Peacock
You might also be interested in these following articles :
Here are the Stunning Collection for your Desktop
Purple Leaf , Vancouver
Manatee and Fish
Lake Ohrid Dock Remains
Painted Hills Rainbow
Lily Pads , Venetian Gardens
Bora Bora Palm , French Polynesia , 1996
Neglected Eighty - Eight Butterfly
Paper Mill
Green Tree Frogs
Frog on Lily Pad
Aurora Borealis , Twilight
Tiger Cub Close - Up
North Dakota Wind Farm
Henna -Painted Hands
Garífuna Boat , Dangriga , Belize , 2001
Alluvial Fan , Alaska
Iceberg Penguins
Whale Shark
Norris Geyser Basin , Wyoming
Dune Dancer
Manta Rays , Hanifaru Bay , Maldives
Desert Sunset , Giza , Egypt , 1981
Snowy Twilight
Norris Geyser Basin , Wyoming
King Penguins Swimming
Wire Coral , Suruga Bay
Obligatory Discussion of Ilana
I loved the genuinely befuddled Ben , reduced to another wandering pawn in Jacob and his nemesis ’ grand chess game .
He still does n’t know who or what this new Locke is .
He ’s not three steps ahead anymore , he ’s right where the rest of us are : confused as hell .
Ilana ’s comment that Fake Locke was out “ recruiting , ” was interesting .
Recruiting who ?
And for what ?
Obviously he failed to recruit Richard , but succeeded with Sawyer .
It would seem he ’s targeting the broken and confused , promising them answers and some sort of deliverance .
But the term “ recruiting ” suggests that Fake Locke needs them as much as they need him .
What kind of help does Locke need from Richard and Sawyer ?
I ’ll get to that later on .
Ilana convinces Frank , Sun and Ben to head to the temple – using the Jin card to recruit Sun. Dear God , how long is this carrot - on - a - stick goose chase going to continue with Sun and Jin ?
Find each other and make out already .
And then decide which one of you Jacob deems a “ candidate . ”
And why , may I ask , is Fake Locke “ stuck this way ? ”
That ’s how Ilana described him to Ben , implying that the shape - shifting days were over , and that the vessel of John Locke was the Man in Black ’s last .
We saw Fake Locke become Smokey after Jacob died , so I ’ll assume he can still take that form .
But I ’d pay careful attention to the tidbit that this body will be the Man in Black ’s for the foreseeable future .
John Locke got about as proper a burial as John Locke can get .
Hey , at least there was a eulogy , albeit terse , bitter and delivered by his murderer .
Ben ’s words were full of resentment and confusion .
But he also seemed aware of what Fake Locke told him , about the tragedy of Locke ’s broken , miserable existence .
Ben labeled Locke a believer and a man of faith ; and most importantly , a better man than he .
If there ’s a word to describe that eulogy , it ’s “ defeatist . ”
Ben knew he had been outdone by forces so much more powerful than he could even begin to fathom .
The Locke That Could 've Been
Safari
The Old Gang
Weirdest .
Parent - Teacher Conference .
Ever .
Different But the Same
Lockeabout
For a Dude Who Wears Eyeliner , You ’re Kind of a Pansy .
Search & Destroy
James Ford and Temple of Doom
Fate , Free Will and One Big Chess Match
manipulate
wanting
That .
That ’s the episode I wanted .
That 42 minutes of LOST was exactly what I expect from Season Six : thick , chewy mystery with a few answers , a few new questions and a drive toward finality .
" The Subsitute ” delivered .
Let ’s discuss .
We have so much to discuss about Locke and Sawyer ’s journey of understanding , that I ’m just going to hit the highlights of the Ilana & Company story arc .
Or as Lapidus put it , “ This is the weirdest damn funeral I ’ve ever been to . ”
Well played , Frank .
The line of the night .
Now button up that shirt , you carpet - chested poet .
I ’ll spare you the 500 - word diatribe about the importance of Locke driving a GMC ( get it !?! ) , or that when he was picking fabric samples , he could n’t choose between green ( the traditional color used for landmasses on maps ) or blue ( a color that connotes the vast , blue yonder of ocean that surrounds that land ) and how that indecision is largely a metaphor for Locke ’s inability to find his place in the world .
No , I wo n’t even mention that sprinkler water washing over John , or compare it to the rain that used to wash over him during moments of great understanding when he was on the Island , and how that is a foreshadowing of his simplistic , non-mystical , non-miraculous alternate reality existence .
Nope , not gonna nerd out on any of that .
But here are some relevant points .
John Locke is going to the chapel and he ’s gonna get married .
To Helen !
I liked their relationship , and how a more at - peace Locke could work past his own frustrations and overcome his own deceptions to truly let himself love her – and to let her love him back .
And I think a big reason for that is because this Locke does n’t seem to hate his father in this reality .
Helen mentions eloping and inviting papa , and Locke does n’t balk at it .
Again , this just seems to be a much more peaceful , domesticated Locke .
Hell , he ’s even still toiling away at the box company , until Randy Nations cans him for lying about his trip to Sydney .
But who should be there to save the day ?
Fortune 500 CEO Hugo Reyes , who offers a job , a little commiseration about Randy ( “ That guy is a douche ” ) and some hope ( “ Chin up , things are gonna work out . ” ) .
Like I said last week , I believe these character intersections in the alternate reality are hugely important .
Collectively , I believe them to be the constant that will anchor our wayward and disparate alternate reality characters back to their Island doppelgangers .
Just watch .
Speaking of which , Rose Nadler !
Good to see Rose back , with her worldly , patient wisdom .
She was in pre-815 mode , accepting her lot in life and urging Locke to do the same .
Which is kind of tragic , when you think about it .
The crash taught Rose and Locke to hope again .
But in the alternate reality , they ’re forced to accept their terminal fates .
Then again , perhaps all the Island offered them was false hope .
And in what I thought was going to be the lamest payoff of an episode title ever , we learn that Locke is The Substitute … for the usual health teacher ?
Lame .
Until we got to the teachers lounge and Ben Linus was doing his best Terry Tate : Office Linebacker impression ( “ You kill the joe ?
You make some mo ’ ! ” ) .
Wait .
What !?
In the alternate reality , Ben Linus is a run-of - the - mill history nerd , whiling away the 9 - 5 as a high school teacher ?
The Jughead detonation ’s aftermath obviously forced Ben off the Island .
Later this year , there ’s an episode called Dr. Linus .
It ’ll be interesting to see how the Jughead explosion altered his course so drastically .
But I ’ll say this : it ’s further proof that Ben ’s ascension to preeminence was merely a fluke based on a very specific set of circumstances that were never truly “ supposed to ” happen .
Jughead did n’t alter the lives of most of our castaways too significantly , but it relegated Ben to normalcy .
Why ?
Because he was never meant for greatness to begin with .
The alternate reality arc brought to mind the primary lesson of Season Four : that you ca n’t change the big events that occur , but you can change how they occur , and the circumstances around them .
In our alternate reality , Hurley is still connected to Randy Nations , the box company and Mr. Clucks .
But he owns all three of them , and he ’s truly happy .
Likewise , Rose has terminal cancer .
But she ’s accepted it , instead of living for the shred of hope the Island gave her .
So the major pieces of story arcs are still in tact .
But the circumstances around them are different .
I think the devices of time travel and alternate realities are working in conjunction to deliver that message .
Which is why I think it ’s essential to LOST ’s end - game .
It brings to mind the larger motif of fate versus free will .
Perhaps one of the messages of this show is that certain milestones are fated to happen ( or “ inevitable ” ) , but that we have the free will to change how they happen and , more importantly , how we react to them .
Keep that in mind .
But on to the main event .
Locke ’s quest both enlightening and confusing .
We know what the numbers are ( sort of ) , but who was that kid ?
We know what a “ candidate ” refers to , but how is Fake Locke going to “ go home ” ?
Richard Alpert is afraid .
Therefore , so am I .
For the first time , the cool , cunning , heady Vice Other is out of his mind terrified .
But who could blame him ?
Did you catch the subtle questioning of allegiances Locked posed to him last night ?
He told Richard he had “ always ” wanted him to follow him , as if Richard had been presented a long time ago with a choice to follow Jacob or his nemesis , and obviously chose Jacob .
But Locke continues to turn the knife , pitying Richard for following a man who did n’t even reveal his purpose and promising him an explanation .
“ People seldom get a second chance , ” said Locke , reaffirming the notion that Richard had previously chosen Jacob .
But Richard was n’t going anywhere .
And there ’s a part of me that believes he was wrong not to do so .
You know who else is afraid ?
Me , when I see a creepy , bloody - handed child in the jungle doing his best Walt impression .
Twice this impish little apparition seemed to flummox even the all - knowing Locke , who chased him into the jungle and was reminded of the rules , that he ’s not allowed to kill “ him . ”
Part of me wonders if the present tense of that warning implies that “ him ” refers to Sawyer , Richard or someone in the Temple .
Jacob ’s already dead .
Right ?
More importantly , who the hell was that kid ?
I ’ll give you three options : the child version of Jacob , a slightly - grown up version of Aaron , or , ummm , err , Charlie Hume !
My money is on door number two – Aaron .
What if Aaron is imbued with the same kind of projection capabilities as Walt ?
That would explain the dread and gloom surrounding his birth , and would also provide a vehicle through which the writers can finally explain what the hell Walt is .
Which I would like .
I loved Locke ’s recruitment of Sawyer .
Talk about going for the low - hanging fruit .
Sawyer ’s mind , ravaged by guilt and booze , was ripe for the picking , and Locke did just that .
He arrived to Sawyer shaking off a bender , while listening to Iggy Pop ’s Search & Destroy , which includes the loaded lyric , “ I ’m the world ’s forgotten boy , the one who ’s searchin ’ , searchin ’ to destroy . ”
It was an apt lyric for poor , broken Sawyer .
Reckless , uncaring and fed up , Sawyer took to the path to destruction last night .
And Locke was happy to lead the way .
Locke insisted that Sawyer was not in “ his house , ” but rather a place he just lived a while .
I think that ’s the Man in Black ’s glass - half - full view of the Island : a temporary resting place or – more ominously – a prison .
And lucky for Locke , it was a lovely day for a prison break .
So Sawyer , much to Maggie ’s chagrin , put on some clothes .
And they were off .
Locke used that prison analogy later in the episode , when Sawyer invoked Of Mice and Men as a prelude to what would ’ve been a very poetic ( attempted ) killing .
With Sawyer ’s finger on the trigger , Locke talks him down by empathizing with Sawyer ’s plight , saying , “ I ’ve been trapped for so long , that I do n’t even remember what it feels like to be free . ”
Hmm , empathizing with emotions in order to manipulate someone .
Where have I seen this tactic before ?
I also really liked Locke ’s declaration that he was once a man , like Sawyer , who felt joy , pain , anger , fear , betrayal , and losing a loved one .
You could take that as Smokey referring to his human form , which we saw last season .
But I do n't know if that 's it .
I think Smokey is becoming one with this body and its history .
We started to see that when he imparted Locke ’s final thoughts to Ben .
And now , he seems to be taking on Locke ’s more subtle characteristics – falling while running through the jungle , ruminating on the pain in his life and even yelling “ Do n’t tell me what I ca n’t do ! ” to doubters .
In fact , the more I think about it , the more this empathy might be really important .
Remember , Jacob claimed that mankind ’s misdeeds were “ progress , ” while the Man in Black posited that man was inherently flawed .
We are learning that the Man in Black was “ imprisoned ” on the Island , perhaps by Jacob or perhaps by a higher power .
Here ’s a fledgling theory …
Man in Black was held captive on the Island precisely because he doubted man ’s capacity for progress .
Jacob was determined to prove him wrong , but needed time .
So he held him captive with cabins and rings of ash .
So the Man in Black hatched the plot that required John Locke .
But in the process of carrying out that plot , the Man in Black discovered in Locke the essence of humanity .
He discovered the feelings of joy , pain , loss , regret , guilt and helplessness .
Of futility .
Perhaps , in the process of trying to prove his enemy wrong , the Man in Black gained an empathy for what he once despised : the flawed nature of humanity .
And ironically , that empathy led to his release from his prison .
Jacob incarcerated Man in Black in order to prove that man 's downfall was the product of a complex set of emotions , and not an inherent flaw .
And Man in Black broke out of that prison by , of all things , proving Jacob right .
Onto the marquee scene of the young season .
The action in Jacob ’s cave – including the harrowing journey down Jacob ’s Ladders to get there – was absolutely riveting .
If you would ’ve told me that we ’d see Jacob ’s cave , and that there ’d be a scale in it balancing white and black stones , I would ’ve predicted that would be a series finale scene .
Turns out , not .
And to prove to us just how useless it was , Locke cast the white stone into the water and called the entire thing “ an inside joke . ”
Interesting .
In Locke ’s defense , that scale really was small potatoes compared to what was behind it : a giant cave with hundreds of names scrawled in white , each assigned a number , some crossed off and some unscathed .
For those of us obsessed with more mystical elements like Jacob ’s “ lists ” and Hurley 's Numbers , this scene was like a pouch of Gushers wrapped in a Fruit Rollup .
I make those , sometimes .
I call them FruGuBu's - Fruit - Rollup / Gusher Burritos .
Seriously , I eat like Liz Lemon .
The name “ Goodspeed , ” was crossed off , in reference to Horace Goodspeed , the leader of the Dharma Initiative .
That leads me to believe the Dharma folk were more “ planned ” than we think .
Jacob brought them here , or at least brought some of them , as subjects for his grand experiment .
That test , I would say , backfired considerably and jeopardized the whole fate of the Island .
Each of the non-crossed - out names were our heroes .
And each of them were assigned a very ominous number .
Locke ( 4 ) , Hurley ( 8 ) , Sawyer ( 15 ) , Sayid ( 16 ) , Jack ( 23 ) and “ Kwon ” ( 42 ) .
First , it brought to mind a great song by one of my favorites , Ryan Adams called crossed - out named , which includes the lyrics , “ When I close my eyes , I feel like a page , with a crossed out a name …
I wish I could tell you just how I ’m hurt .
Pinpoint the location , it ’s in another universe . ”
Right ?
We ’re all just as futile as names crossed out in a notebook , unless there ’s a more meaningful version of us off in an alternate universe .
God I love Ryan Adams .
Nevermind .
Noticeably absent from the list : Kate Austen .
Man , hot chicks get everything .
She was n’t even supposed to come to the Island but Jacob ’s like , “ A brotha ’s got needs , ” so he let her come anyway .
Actually , this is pretty important .
I ’ve also heard that the name “ Littleton , ” was crossed off .
So why did n’t Kate and Claire make the cut ?
And does that have any bearing on their current alternate - reality existence ?
Kwon – is it Jin or Sun ?
Or. Is it Ji Yeon , their baby ?
Man , between this and the Aaron theory , I ’m assuaging Maggie ’s long - held hope that the children of LOST hold the key to its mythology .
Next week : Charlie Hume ’s consciousness time - travels and Walt charters a freighter .
Back to the climax of “ The Substitute , ” where we learned that the names were “ candidates ” to succeed Jacob as the protector of the Island .
Locke pities
Sawyer , saying that the choices he thought he was making in life were not choices at all , but rather fulfillments of Jacob ’s chess strategy , with the goal of finding his own successor .
Locke gives
Sawyer the options of taking the job , turning the other cheek or getting the hell out of Dodge .
And Sawyer , predictably , chooses option three .
He and Locke are going to high - tail it .
To where ?
Probably Zihuatanejo , a small fishing village about 145 miles southwest of Acapulco .
Oh wait , that was Shawshank .
One big thing stuck out to me about this episode .
Okay , 50 things stuck out .
But I ’ll discuss the one .
Locke / Man in Black seems to need some human accompaniment to accomplish his escape from Lostcatraz .
I have trouble believing his offering Sawyer a way off the Island was merely a charitable gesture .
He first tried to get Richard to come with him .
When that failed , he got Sawyer .
So why does Locke need a travel buddy ?
Jacob ’s dead , so why ca n ’t he just go ?
What ’s stopping him at this point ?
And is this part of “ the rules ? ”
Truth is , I do n’t know .
But I ’ll venture a little guess .
The Man in Black could n’t just kill Jacob , but instead had to recruit a mortal to do it .
He actually had toa mortal intoto do it .
That seems to be what he ’s doing again with Sawyer here .
He ’s not forcing him to leave , he ’s manipulating him to make him want to leave .
To achieve this manipulation , MIB is playing the " none of this matters " card that Jack so deftly played during the Season
Two debate about whether or not to push the button in the hatch .
He knocked the numbers as a mere idiosyncrasy of Jacob's .
He called the rocks on the scales " just an inside joke . "
And finally , he said that Jacob was n't protecting " anything , " that the Island was just a useless chuck of land .
See , Man in Black 's tactic is the same one Jack used way back when : convincing others that the actions they take are futile strides in the marathon that is life and human existence .
And he 's using that tactic to get Sawyer to want to do something for him .
Which was also Jacob ’s tactic .
Remember , it ’s what he preached to Hurley when trying to coax him onto Ajira 316 .
He told him that he “ had a choice . ”
And that worked for Hurley , who boarded a plane with a giant guitar case under the delusion that it was his choice to do so .
So what is this ?
These two cosmic figures are trying to prove or disprove to each other the value of humanity .
But they tinker with the process , instead of having to rely on temperamental human emotion to prove certain universal truths .
I actually think that ’s it , and it plays back into that manifestation of the fate versus free will discussion I was pointing at earlier while discussing the alternate reality .
The manner in which Jacob and MIB ’s debate is waged is dependent on the free will and decision making of mankind .
And I think the big answers in LOST are going to be contingent on how much these two demigods tinker with that process .
Perhaps Jacob can only prove man ’s worth by eliminating fate from the discussion and letting man ’s free will prove him right .
Conversely , maybe the Man in Black must rely on fate to prove the inevitability of man ’s primal failings .
Meanwhile , man is left to contemplate if the micro and macro decisions we make as human beings matter one little bit .
My guess : they do , big time .
They 're the variable in this big cosmic equation .
And now , I must submit to the very real fate that it is 1 am , I have a headache and I need to go do bed .
Namaste .
Charlie
Welcome to
Office Chairs UK
We are pleased to offer a selection of office chairs from the world ’s leading designers and manufacturers .
Our office chair range includes not only designer brands , such as Herman Miller and Orangebox , but also office chairs by manufacturers more suited to buyers with a smaller budget .
As well as office chairs , we also supply other seating products , including chairs suitable for care homes , hospitals , industrial seating and other areas .
Looking for an Office Chair ?
Office Chairs UK can cater for all needs – large or small , budget or luxury .
Below are just a few types of office chair we sell :
Executive office chairs
Designer office chairs
Office reception furniture
Conference room chairs
Boardroom seating
Ergonomic office chairs and other equipment
Budget chairs for the home and office
Office Chairs UK has their own showroom in Kent and almost all the manufacturing partners have showrooms throughout Central London .
We can happily arrange a no obligation visit at your convenience to try out your desired office chair .
After choosing the type and quantity , place your order through Office Chairs UK to make great savings .
Placing a large order ?
Call us today with your requirements and our team of advisors will be happy to help .
media
The Fall of Troy Hearst hired a belligerent leader to disrupt its magazine business .
Then fired him mid-disruption .
Now it ’s left with — what , exactly ?
HTML5 is here !
Urray !
I was tired of hearing about one of the new innovation in HTML5 : the WebSocket API .
After reading the excelent blog post about WebSockets and Ruby by Ilya Grigorik I got inspired by this experiment which is a simple example of a twitter - to - browser usage of websockets .
Since the excelent em - websocket was available on github , I decided to write my own “ from twitter to the browser ” real time updates , with no polling .
You can check the final result on my github repo .
General overview
Twitter Stream API → Filter → RabbitMQ → AMQP → Eventmachine → WebSocket → HTML5 Brwser
Too much buzzwords ?
Lets look at some code .
Filter
The filter is responsible for eating the Twitter Stream API and puting the tweets on a queue ( RabbitMQ in my case ) using AMQP :
Pretty easy right ?
Notice I am using a fanout exchange , which will allow me to broadcast the same message to all queues ( clients ) latter on .
Server
Now we just need to build a server that accepts websocket connections , and for each client deliver each message that arrives on the fanout exchange .
The code will make this clear :
So simple , yet so awesome !
Client
The client just have to connect the websocket , and for each JSON piece that arrives on the socket , present them on the screen :
It seems we ’ve ended writing almost more JS than Ruby :P
Note that I ’ve only tested this on Webkit nightly and latest Google Chrome beta for Mac .
Overall it was a great and easy experience building this simple system , but it allowed me to realize how simple we can build scalable push systems with the WebSocket API !
update : seems like Ilya Grigorik liked it :)
If you know a phrase that is contained within a document , but ca n’t remember the document file name , try searching for the phrase that you know appears within the document .
Make this phrase search even more precise by putting the phrase itself within quotation marks , for example “ all rights reserved ” will find all files that contain that exact phrase only .
Related
Five Things You May ‘ Know ’ About Marijuana That Are n’t True
By Steve Elliott
The bulk of my writing is done for a pot -savvy audience , so it usually goes without saying that certain “ cultural perceptions ” about cannabis are wrong .
To correct these marijuana myths to a crowd of potheads would be a classic case of singing to ( an albeit higher ) choir .
As editor of a pot website , I live and breathe marijuana ( see what I did there ? ) every day , and have a great chance to fully inform myself .
But when speaking to members of the general public , I ’m often struck ( and stop that !
It hurts ) with the wide prevalence of beliefs about marijuana that have been scientifically disproven for years .
How many of these myths have you trusted lately ?
1 . One joint equals a pack of cigarettes .
This hoary old favorite comes back again and again , seemingly impervious to the onslaught of the real world .
Prohibitionists earnestly tell us that smoking just one joint “ equals a pack of cigarettes . ”
Or maybe it ’s 16 , or maybe just four cigarettes ; they seem a little unclear on the exact number .
This fallacious conclusion is derived from a study by Dr. Donald Tashkin in which the UCLA researcher examined airflow resistance in the lungs of tobacco smokers compared to that in the lungs of marijuana smokers .
Dr. Tashkin did find that daily pot smokers experience a “ mild but significant ” increase in airflow resistance in the large airways , greater than that seen in persons smoking 16 cigarettes per day .
But what they do n’t tell you is that , ironically , Dr. Tashkin also found – in the largest study ever of its kind – other , more important markers of lung health , in which marijuana smokers did much better than tobacco smokers .
In the four years since Dr. Tashkin ’s latest study results were announced , I ’ve never heard a single anti-marijuana speaker mention this .
They also never seem to have time to mention that Dr. Tashkin ’s study unexpectedly found that smoking marijuana – even regularly and heavily !
– does not lead to lung cancer .
Dr. Tashkin said these results “ were against our expectations . ”
“ We hypothesized that there would be a positive association between marijuana use and lung cancer , and that the association would be more positive with heavier use , ” Dr. Tashkin said .
“ What we found instead was no assication at all , and even a suggestion of some protective effect . ”
2. Medical marijuana has been a huge problem in states where it is legalized .
The mass media narrative seems to be “ Maybe there are a few patients who need medical marijuana , but legalizing cannabis for medicinal use has led to huge problems in California .
Do we really want those here ? ”
When pressed on exactly what those “ huge problems ” are , anti-marijuana zealots will usually offer up the “ more pot dispensaries than Starbucks in Los Angeles ” argument , saying something about dispensary proliferation being “ out of control . ”
What they do n’t mention is that the situation in Los Angeles is entirely due to a lackadaisical city council that took more than two years to draw up an ordinance regulating the dispensaries , thus opening the door to their uncontrolled proliferation .
Neither do they mention that in cities such as San Francisco and Oakland , where city governments have been on top of the developing marijuana dispensary scene for years , there have n’t been any such problems .
Not only do these cities have orderly , well - run , reputable marijuana dispensaries , but in the case of Oakland at least , the city is now reaping millions of tax dollars from the shops – which , in what may be a first for American business , asked to be taxed .
Remember , there are 13 other states besides California that have legalized medical marijuana .
Have you heard about nightmare scenarios occurring in those ?
States such as New Mexico , Rhode Island , and Maine have set up systems of state - authorized marijuana dispensaries to carry out the will of the voters in giving patients safe and legal access to medical marijuana .
The system has n’t produced major problems , and is working as intended .
The other favorite argument of pot prohibitionists is that marijuana dispensaries are supposed to somehow “ attract crime . ”
This one seems to be particularly near and dear to the hearts of small town police chiefs , as evidenced over and over by their apparently earnest ( but completely inaccurate ) testimony at city council meetings .
Dispensaries , in fact , have lower crime rates than either banks or liquor stores , according to the Denver Police Department , which certainly should know , since they have 300 of them in town .
The police chief of Los Angeles agrees .
“ Banks are more likely to get robbed than medical marijuana dispensaries , ” L.A. Police Chief Charlie Beck told the Los Angeles Daily News .
A look at the facts quickly tells us that all types of crime are , in fact , down in states with marijuana dispensaries .
3. Legalization is a slippery slope .
If we legalize pot , what ’s next ?
Cocaine ?
Heroin ?
Meth ?
The evergreen popularity of this baseless bugaboo is a bit puzzling .
The answer is easy and obvious .
While the legalization of marijuana now enjoys majority support , according to recent polls , support drops precipitously for relaxing the laws around any other drugs .
Pot ’s closest competitors , ecstasy and cocaine , each have only 8 percent support for legalization .
Heroin and meth are even lower at 6 percent each , according to Angus Reid Public Opinion .
Legalizing pot wo n’t open the floodgates ; in fact , the increased visibility of marijuana in American society only serves to highlight the stark differences between cannabis and most other illicit substances .
The American people know the difference between marijuana and hard drugs .
Most Americans know someone who uses marijuana without it destroying their life .
It ’s not hard to see the chasm that separates pot , and its users , from the desperately addicted scenario that goes with substances like heroin and methamphetamine .
4 . If we legalize pot , there will be carnage on our highways .
Look at what we ’re already facing with alcohol .
Do we really want MORE impaired drivers ?
The simple truth of it is , there are already millions of marijuana smokers using our roads and highways every day .
With estimates of current marijuana users in the United States running between 40 and 100 million , you can bet that if weed really caused wrecks , it would be a national tragedy on the level of drunk driving .
If marijuana resulted in motor impairment anywhere near the level produced by alcohol , those gory findings would have made banner headlines across the land – as has been the case with alcohol .
Many of us have , hopefully in our younger years , discovered on a very personal level that driving under the influence of alcohol is an extremely bad idea .
But think about it :
How many in your circle of friends have a “ I was so high I totaled my car ” story ?
While I ’m not encouraging anyone to take bong hits then rush out onto the freeway , a growing body of evidence indicates that marijuana is , on balance , far less a road hazard than is alcohol .
The tendency for stoners to overcompensate for whatever slight impairment occurs is one reason that marijuana - related car crashes are n’t in the headlines every day .
Even the National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws ( NORML ) , which in its understandable quest for respectability is very cautious around the stoned driving issue , grants : “ … Emerging scientific research indicates that cannabis actually has far less impact on the psychomotor skills needed for driving than alcohol does , and is seldom a causal factor in automobile accidents . ”
5 . If we legalize it , everybody and his brother will become a flaming pothead .
Some of the pot prohibitionists have an interesting view of human nature .
They think that as humans we are mostly seething cauldrons of pent - up desires just waiting to express themselves , if only legal repercussions were n’t in the way .
Now , I ’m willing to grant this may be a reasonably accurate self - assessment for some of these guys , but for the rest of us , it ’s just not so , when it comes to the pot laws .
The laws against marijuana been a spectacular failure in preventing its use .
Since pot was made illegal more than 70 years ago , its popularity has risen almost every single year – even as the laws against it became more and more draconian in many locales .
The most extensive study ever taken on U.S. marijuana arrests and penalties , released last November , found that marijuana arrests have no impact on usage rates .
Meanwhile , another approach has been tried in places like the Netherlands , which relaxed its pot laws in the 1970s and has since seen teen and overall marijuana use at a level half that of the United States .
Those of us who make marijuana policy reform our work welcome an open , serious debate on the issues surrounding cannabis re-legalization .
All we ask is that in that debate , everyone should at least stick to the facts and not cling to outdated , shop - worn superstitions from the 20th Century .
Political Asylum for Homeschoolers Evangelical Christians Celebrate Victory over ' Embarrassed ' Germany
A German couple who wanted to homeschool their children have been granted political asylum in the US .
Evangelical Christians have welcomed the decision , claiming that Germany was trying to " coerce ideological uniformity " through its ban on homeschooling .
Collection of “ untooned ” images that show us how our favourite cartoon and video game characters would look like in real life .
Bart Simpson and Mr. Burns
Untooned characters from the animated sitcom The Simpsons .
Mario
If Mario was a real person , he would look something like this .
Jessica Rabbit
The exercise here was to take the exact cartoon proportions of Jessica and re-create her with realistic lighting and textures .
Alfred E. Newman
Fictional mascot and iconic cover boy of Mad magazine .
Yosemite Sam
Realistic version of the famous American animated character in the Looney Tunes and Merrie Melodies series of cartoons .
Stewie Griffin
Untooned version of Stewie from the animated series Family Guy .
Popeye
Rick Baker created this artistic rendition of what Popeye would look like in real life .
Charlie Brown
Main protagonist from the comic strip Peanuts by Charles M. Schulz .
Kratos
Video game character and protagonist of the God of War series .
Homer Simpson
Here is how Homer Simpson would look like if he was a real person .
Niko Bellic
The main protagonist from the Grand Theft Auto IV video game .
Peter Griffin
Two untooned versions of the protagonist from the Family Guy .
Buzz Lightyear
Raoni Nery created this realistic Buzz Lightyear rendering using 3ds max , Photoshop , and ZBrush .
Also check out : Real Life Marge Simpson
sfxr
This is a little tool I made in connection with the 10th Ludum Dare competition held in December 2007 .
Its original purpose was to provide a simple means of getting basic sound effects into a game for those people who were working hard to get their entries done within the 48 hours and did n't have time to spend looking for suitable ways of doing this .
The idea was that they could just hit a few buttons in this application and get some largely randomized effects that were custom in the sense that the user could accept / reject each proposed sound .
It turned out to work rather well and a lot of the entrants used it , which is cool .
Anyone else in the same situation ( need some basic sound effects , do n't really care about top quality , have no idea where to get them ) should find it pretty useful , if nothing else then just as placeholder sounds to kill the silence until final content has been produced .
Basic usage involves hitting the randomize button ( or one of the other buttons to your left if you need a specific standard sound ) , listen to the generated sound , then deciding if it sounds ok or not .
If it does , then export it to .
WAV and you 're done , if not - just hit the button again and get something different .
All the parameters used to create each sound are manually tweakable to allow fine - tuning if you feel like getting your hands dirty .
Space is a useful shortcut to play the current sound .
There will probably be a minor update of this in the near future , adding some convenient features .
Source code is available and you 're free to use it for anything you please .
I 've put it under the MIT free software license .
Here is the original post / announcement of sfxr .
And here is a cool Mac port with snazzy GUI .
sfxr.zip ( 50 kB )
Current win32 build
sfxr -sdl-1.2.1.tar.gz ( 19 kB ) or old mjau mirror ( 62 kB )
Portable version by mjau / GerryJJ , includes source code ( need SDL and GTK 2 to make )
( version 1.1 has licensing info and some Linux - related improvements )
sfxr-sdl_1.2.1-1_amd64.deb ( 24 kB )
Debian package
pkgsrc package for NetBSD
sfxdemo.mp3 ( 2.5 MB )
Some random output from the program , I 'm just playing around without purpose here
Back to all projects
( NaturalNews ) Prisoners in British prisons get better nutrition than patients in the country 's hospitals , according to a study conducted by researchers from Bournemouth University .
"
It 's incredible that so many hospitals are failing to serve healthy meals , " said Liberal Democrat health spokesman Norman Lamb .
" If prisons can serve good food , then so can hospitals .
"
The study found that the primary problem in hospitals is that no one pays attention to make sure that patients eat the food prepared for them -- as many sick and elderly people either have suppressed appetites or have physical problems that interfere with their eating .
Yet no one is designated in most hospitals to assist patients who have trouble eating .
A total of 11 million meals are thrown out uneaten every year , the report found .
Food is often prepared hot and then left sitting out until an orderly gets around to taking it to patients , at which point it is often cold and unappetizing .
Food may be placed out of some patients ' reach , and other patients miss meals because they have tests or other procedures during a facility 's only designated meal times .
" Ward staff also do n't actually know how much patients are eating because it is domestics who clear the trays away , " researcher Heather Hartwell said .
" This is an example of fragmentation in hospitals that does not necessarily happen in prisons .
"
The report found that 242 patients died from malnutrition in British hospitals in 2007 , higher than any year since 1997 .
More than 8,000 other patients were discharged under - nourished .
Hospitals also spend significantly less on each meal than prisons do , the report found .
The food at prisons tends to be of higher quality -- high in carbohydrates and low in fat -- and prisoners are more likely to eat communally , which has been shown to increase food intake .
"
If you are in prison then the diet you get is extremely good in terms of nutritional content , " researcher John Edwards said .
' The food that is provided is actually better than most civilians have .
" Sources for this story include : www.dailymail.co.uk
Willkommen bei spaml.de
wegwerf email adresse Einweg Temporäre Adresse
Sie brauchen eine anonyme Wegwerf email ?
Kein Problem , hier auf spaml .
de sind Sie auf der richtige Webseite .
Sie bekommen ein e Wegwerf email oder auch Temporäre E- Mail - Adresse genannt die nach eine gewisse Zeit abläuft .
Sie brauchen eine Wegwerf email und möchten Ihre Normale E-Mail nicht eingeben weil die Gefahr besteht das Sie Spam einfange , benutzen Sie unsere System , Sie erhalten eine E - Mail und können Sie die wegschmeißen .
Generieren Sie eine Wegwerf E-mail und schon können Sie E-mails empfangen , Anonym und kostenlos .
Was bekommen Sie bei spaml.de ?
Sie erhalte eine Fake Adresse provisorische E - Mail anonyme Mailadresse die sie jederzeit und überall - kostenlos und sofort verfügbar .
The rockets may not strike as often these days , but residents of this working - class town say they ca n’t shake the anxiety that comes with living in Israel ’s most frequently bombed city .
Pedestrians strolling downtown keep an eye out for the nearest concrete - reinforced bus - stop shelter in case public loudspeakers crackle with a 15 - second warning to dive for cover .
Many motorists forgo seat belts so they can ditch vehicles quickly .
A playground is equipped with 5 - foot - wide concrete pipes that are brightly painted to look like giant caterpillars but double as children ’s bomb shelters .
“ There is really no sense of security here at all , ” said Merilin Timsit , a 29 - year - old mother of two .
Last month , the Israeli government said it was on the cusp of a technological breakthrough that would put such fears and precautions in the past .
A new anti-rocket defense system , called Iron Dome , was presented as a high - tech umbrella that would allow Israelis to go about their lives while short - range rockets fired from Palestinian territories or Arab neighbors were blasted out of the sky .
But despite promising results in a much - touted test in January , Iron Dome so far has heightened as many tensions as it was supposed to relieve .
Critics say the technology is not fast enough to work in cities such as Sderot , which is only a mile from militant strongholds in the Gaza Strip .
Some officials , including Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , question the steep cost : as much as $ 1 billion for development and nationwide deployment .
Others warn against seeking technological solutions for threats better handled diplomatically .
“ It ’s no silver bullet , ” said Yiftah Shapir , head of the military balance project at Israel ’s Institute for National Security Studies .
“ In fact , it ’s not going to solve any of our problems . ”
Military officials this month began hinting that Iron Dome ’s initial deployment this summer would be smaller than expected and would focus on protecting military installations rather than Sderot , which many assumed would be the first town to benefit .
Sderot grocery store owner David Turjeman , 48 , fumed at what many see as government backpedaling .
“ If it ’s not deployed , I ’m going to sell my business and leave Sderot , ” said the father of three , whose house was damaged in 2008 by one of the 6,000 rockets and mortar shells fired at Sderot over the last four years .
“ I ’m not willing to go through that again . . . . I feel helpless . ”
Short - range rocket attacks have long been one of Israel ’s most - vexing military problems .
The nation in the last decade has been targeted with more than 11,000 rockets and mortar shells by Hamas and other armed groups in Gaza .
Israel ’s 22 - day offensive against the coastal territory a year ago was largely an effort to halt the rocket barrage .
The nation ’s northern towns have come under similar attack from Hezbollah fighters in Lebanon .
Many of these homemade projectiles land in open spaces without causing major damage .
But about three dozen Israelis have been killed over the last decade in the south .
The rockets take a heavy toll on the public ’s psyche and can wreak economic havoc because of business closures and lost productivity , experts say .
Since the Gaza cease - fire , rocket attacks have declined sharply , but Israel ’s military continues to search for a defensive system to neutralize the threat .
Israeli military contractor Rafael Advanced Defense Systems announced in January that its mobile rocket - interceptor system , developed with the military , was nearly ready to deploy .
The system uses radar to detect a rocket launch , quickly computes whether the projectile is headed toward people or buildings , and then dispatches an interceptor missile to destroy it .
Rockets headed toward open spaces are allowed through .
Similar technologies have been designed by the U.S. and others to knock out mid- and long - range projectiles , such as the Patriot surface - to - air missile system .
Some critics say such technology will not work against short - range rockets , which can strike in 15 seconds or less and at distances of less than two miles .
Based on the preliminary details released by Rafael , outside experts have concluded that Iron Dome requires at least 30 seconds to respond .
“ A Kassam rocket can hit Sderot in about 14 seconds , so there ’s no way Iron Dome can defend it , ” said Reuven Pedatzur , a Tel Aviv University lecturer and defense analyst .
Pedatzur , a former air force fighter pilot , said defensive systems like Iron Dome are n’t the right approach for dealing with short - range rockets .
“ If you want a military solution , you should attack the area , ” he said .
“ Or you could reach a [ political ] agreement with the other side . ”
Pedatzur said reliance on Iron Dome could hinder peace talks if Israelis become overconfident .
“ Everybody will say , ‘ Why do we need a [ political ] solution ?
We have the perfect defense . ’ ”
The system is expensive .
Each mobile battery costs about $ 25 million , according to Rafael .
Interceptor missiles reportedly cost up to $ 50,000 apiece .
That compares with as little as $ 50 needed to construct each of the Kassam rockets favored by Palestinian militants , which are usually produced in low - tech factories using old pipes , fertilizer and scrap metal .
Netanyahu has praised Iron Dome as a technological “ miracle , ” but he also referred to the system as “ prohibitively expensive . ”
Yossi Drucker , project director at Rafael , said critics are wrong in their estimates about Iron Dome ’s response time , though he said such details are being kept secret for security reasons .
“ Iron Dome can protect Sderot against all the threats it faces , ” he said .
Drucker added that Iron Dome ’s costs should be considered in relation to the economic effect of rocket barrages or the cost of another war .
During Israel ’s 2006 war with Hezbollah , the estimated cost from rocket attacks on cities in the north -- both damage and lost productivity -- was nearly $ 1 billion , he said .
Defense Ministry spokesman Shlomo Dror said no final decisions had been made about where Iron Dome would be deployed , but he said the initial rollout would include two self - contained systems , each capable of covering about a 45 - mile area .
Previously , Rafael and military officials had spoken about deploying seven systems .
Dror emphasized that each system can be moved around the country in response to threats .
Rafael and the military are also hoping to sell the technology to the United States and other countries to help defray costs .
Some observers see the development of Iron Dome as a political strategy rather than a military one , aimed at intimidating enemies and bolstering confidence among the Israeli public .
“ It ’s no accident that there ’s been so much press attention to this on the home front , ” said security analyst Meir Elran , former deputy head of military intelligence for the Israel Defense Forces .
“ It ’s part of a campaign by the government and Defense Ministry to show that they are active and responsive . ”
edmund.sanders @latimes.com
Election experts file public records requests ;
Pre-marked ballots reported in two 'at least ' THREE towns ...
Brad Friedman Byon 1/19/2010 , 12:22 pm PT
[ UPDATED SEVERAL TIMES with more info on the curious / disturbing issue of ballots reported as being handed out as pre-marked for Scott Brown .
Allegations now of five different reports from " at least " three different jurisdictions .
See bottom of article for continuing updates ... ]
Have n't heard too much from on the ground in Massachusetts this morning yet ( happily ) , but that 's not much of a surprise .
The real questions come later , as we will all wonder whether or not the " results , " whatever they are , as reported by Diebold and never counted by actual humans , have anything to do with the way voters actually voted .
In the meantime today , a group of election integrity experts , after having posted an " Orange Alert " yesterday about the serious e-voting concerns in today 's election , have sent an open letter to Sec. of State Bill Galvin , along with a public records request [ PDF ] , calling for the retention of all election materials , such as voted , spoiled , and unvoted ballots , as well as all of the easily - tampered - with memory cards and electronic databases , etc. , to ensure they are all secured and available for inspection by the public after the close of polls .
Election integrity advocates Susan Pynchon , Shelia Parks , and John Brakey also put the entire sorry matter in stark terms , demonstrating how simple this all could have been in a very short piece at OpEd News asking why MA did n't simply just determine to count the ballots , by hand , in front of everyone at the polling place , especially given that it was a single race on the ballot with just three people on it ...
Regardless of who wins , the opposing party will be flinging accusations of machine failures , uncounted votes , and fraud .
There is only one race on this ballot .
It would be easy to divide the ballots in each precinct into three separate piles and simply count the number of votes received by each candidate .
This is not going to happen , however .
A simple measure --- hand - counting the votes as a check on the machines on election night , before there are questions about chain - of - custody of the ballots --- will not be done .
The second question one has to ask is , " Why not ? "
As to the ballots themselves , Greg Sargent at The Plum Line reports an odd situation :
Two different voters , from two different towns , have both informed him that they were handed ballots that had Scott Brown 's bubble already inked in when they went to vote .
Here 's the report from the second voter Sargent heard from ...
A second voter — Julia Volynskaya , a 34 - year - old social worker from Brighton — is now reporting the same experience .
“ I was handed a ballot and when I went to fill it out I saw that the bubble next to Brown ’s name was already filled in , ” Volynskaya , who voted today in Brighton .
Election workers , she added , promised her they “ were going to look into how this happened . ”
The two reports are too anecdotal at this point to make too much of them just yet , but it seems worth noting for the moment .
May come in handy later .
[ UPDATED as more reports of pre-marked ballots have come in !
Please see additional follow - ups now below . ]
Are you hearing , reading , seeing other points of concern today ?
Let us know in comments .
Links are always welcome ...
P.S. Have done a flurry of radio appearances to discuss all of this , last night and early early this morning .
Appearances from Mike Malloy , Stephanie Miller , and Nicole Sandler 's shows are now archived online if you 'd like to give them a listen , right here ...
P.P.S. Might I also recommend , request , that all you folks on Twitter ( we can be followed here ) , Retweet the following as far and as loud as you can :
http://tr.im/KTCQ
The BradBlog Please RT to candidates in MA Senate race !
" DO NOT CONCEDE UNTIL ALL VOTES ARE ACTUALLY *COUNTED * BY HUMAN BEINGS ! "
* * *
UPDATE 4:03 pm PT : Coakley Campaign Manager Kevin Conroy issued the following " ALERT ! " on the campaign website , and via email about an hour ago concerning the reports of ballots being handed to voters pre-marked for Brown , as mentioned above ...
We 've received several independent and disturbing reports of voters across the state being handed ballots that are already marked in favor of Scott Brown .
This is obviously a serious violation , and our legal team is taking immediate steps to protect the integrity of this election .
We do not yet know why this is happening , but you and everyone you know needs to be aware of the situation so that you can carefully inspect your ballot .
If a vote has already been marked , you must return the ballot to the elections official , demand a clean ballot , and call our Voter Protection Hotline at 617-351-6866 .
The campaign followed it up with a presser led by election attorney Marc Elias .
If that name sounds familiar , he 's the attorney who led Sen .
Al Franken 's successful 8 - month election contest with former Sen. Norm Coleman in MN last year .
Read into that what you will , but Elias did an excellent job ( by Democratic election attorney standards anyway ) on Franken 's behalf last year , so these guys look prepared to play hardball if necessary .
Let 's just hope that keeps them AND / OR Scott Brown from prematurely conceding before the votes of the people of Massachusetts are actually counted !
UPDATE 4:21 pm PT : The Coakley campaign is alleging that they 've now received five reports of pre-marked ballots from " at least " three different jurisdictions .
From Boston 's ABC affiliate coverage of the Coakley / Elias presser :
" We have received reports of five ballots --- spanning three jurisdictions , " Elias said .
Elias said the voters caught the errors and brought the ballots to back to the poll workers .
" This is obviously a serious violation , and our legal team is taking immediate steps to protect the integrity of this election , " campaign manager Kevin Conroy said .
" We do not yet know why this is happening , but you and everyone you know needs to be aware of the situation so that you can carefully inspect your ballot . "
For their part , Scott Brown 's campaign attorney Daniel B. Winslow is quoting as rejecting the reports as some sort of political dirty trick .
" In fact , news reports point out that today 's accusation was a pre-dated , in the bag political attack . "
It 's unclear from the ABC affiliate 's report which " news reports " Winslow is referencing ...
UPDATE 5:28 pm PT : Here 's the video of the Coakley presser :
Trying to look further into this .
Will update further if necessary ...
UPDATE 5:37 pm PT : Thanks to BRAD BLOG commenter Lottakatz for flagging this point from the Boston ABC News affiliate 's report on the allegedly pre-marked ballots [ emphasis added ] ...
In addition to the incidents in Brighton and Cambridge , voters at the Centerville Elementary School in Beverly said they also received ballots that were already marked for Brown .
The city clerk 's office said a poll worker inadvertently handed out ballots that were already cast .
That 's a curious explanation for the problem .
Why would poll workers have any access to " already cast " ballots ?
Those should be " locked up " inside the precinct 's optical - scan system .
Had the poll workers , or clerk 's office said they had no idea how a ballot ended up as being pre-marked , the notion that it was a dirty trick by Democrats , as Brown 's campaign has been suggesting , might have made more sense .
But if the ABC report above holds --- that " a poll worker ... handed out ballots that were already cast " --- then further questions will need to be answered on these points , I 'd suspect .
[ CORRECTION : We had earlier referenced the report from Boston ABC affiliate WCVB as a report from Boston Globe .
We 've corrected that error in the report above . ]
One more thought : Elias seemed to downplay the number of reports the campaign was getting on this in his presser , when he confirmed reports from five voters in " at least " three different jurisdictions .
The powerful legal high mephedrone is becoming much more widely used on the British club scene , a survey suggests .
One in three readers of dance magazine Mixmag polled for an academic study has used the powder in the last month .
The results make mephedrone the fourth most popular substance in the survey .
" We were surprised .
It 's come from nowhere to become very popular , " said Dr Adam Winstock from the National Addiction Centre , who led the research .
" For a drug that 's been around for a relatively short amount of time , mephedrone has certainly made a big impact on the dance drug scene . "
The government has said it is a " priority " to find out more about the dangers of using the stimulant .
Its team of drug advisors has now written to the home secretary warning that substances like mephedrone could have " serious public health implications " and saying it will provide advice " as soon as possible on this important issue " .
But a series of resignations from the advisory council linked to the sacking of its then chairman , David Nutt , in November is threatening to hold up the research .
What is legal high mephedrone and what are the long term dangers ?
UK 's ' favourite new drug '
Mephedrone is usually snorted although it can also be taken in pill form , mixed with a drink or , in rare cases , injected .
It is sold online through dozens of dedicated websites as a " plant food " to get round the Medicines Act , although it has no known use as a fertilizer .
" The fact it is legally obtainable is absolutely no guarantee [ of safety ] , " said Dr Winstock .
" At the moment we just do n't have the research to know what it does to people in the short term and long term . "
Most users describe the effects of mephedrone as a cross between cocaine and ecstasy .
ABOUT MEPHEDRONE
Also known as meph , 4 - MMC , MCAT , Drone , Meow and Bubbles
Often sold online as plant food marked " not for human consumption "
Normally snorted , though also found in pills and capsules
Reported side effects include headaches , palpitations , nausea , cold or blue fingers
Long term effect of taking drug unknown
41.7 % of clubbers in Mixmag survey had tried the drug
33.6 % had taken it in the last month
" I 've taken it a couple of times in clubs , " said 25 - year - old Tina from South Wales .
" We always get it from the same place and the experience is consistent .
It is very similar to ecstasy . "
" I have heard of people with horror stories but anyone who takes drugs accepts there can be negative side effects . "
The results of the survey were based on an online poll of 2,222 readers of the clubbing magazine Mixmag carried out by researchers at the National Addiction Centre at Kings College , London .
51 % of mephedrone users in the study said they suffered from headaches ; 43 % from heart palpitations ; 27 % from nausea ; and a further 15 % from cold or blue fingers .
' Very moreish '
" The first thing I noticed was that I could n't urinate at all , " said Danny , 24 , from Colchester .
" My heart was beating really fast and I was sweating badly .
" It 's very moreish and you constantly want to re-dose .
I ended up buying five grams and went on a two - day bender on it .
" It 's a worry because it 's probably putting a lot of stress on my heart and other organs .
You can definitely develop a habit from doing it . "
We suspect that mephedrone and five other compounds in the same family are different versions of classical amphetamines and have all the problems associated with that Professor Les Iversen , Interim Chairman of the Advisory Council on the Misuse of Drugs
Other anecdotal reports suggest heavy use can lead to paranoia , hallucinations and serious panic attacks .
Almost nothing is known about the long term effects of taking it .
The government 's team of drug advisors is now looking into the dangers and health effects of mephedrone .
A report and series of recommendations are likely to be presented to the home secretary before the summer .
" We want to take a careful look at the evidence and we are doing just that , " said Professor Les Iversen , the new interim chairman of the Advisory Council on the Misuse of Drugs ( ACMD ) .
" We suspect that mephedrone and five other compounds in the same family are different versions of classical amphetamines and have all the problems associated with that : hyper excitability , aggression , heart problems and a high liability to dependence and addiction .
" We do n't know if this is all true for mephedrone and we need to find out . "
But five of the scientists originally working on research for the ACMD resigned last November in a political row following the sacking of then Chairman David Nutt .
Former members claim the council will " struggle " to function over the next few months until new scientists can be appointed .
The home office points to the recent banning of the drug GBL as evidence it is committed to cracking down on legal highs if they pose a " significant threat to health " .
" Making substances illegal is only part of the solution , " said a spokesperson for the home office .
" It is important to understand that just because a substance is legal , it does n't mean it 's safe to consume .
" Last year we launched an information campaign targeted at clubbers to raise awareness of the dangers of legal highs , including mephedrone , when people try to buy them online . "
Read : Legal high mephedrone is ' bought over the internet '
The Voice Box packs a multi-functional vocal synth processor into a tough and compact chassis .
Sing , and you ’ll have a troupe of backup singers following you in perfect harmony .
Or use the built - in vocoder to unleash classic synth - robot sounds .
Diana Ross had the Supremes , Brian Wilson had the Beach Boys , Kraftwerk had The Robots .
You have the Voice Box .
The harmony processor creates 2 - to 4 - part harmonies directly from your vocals , in the same key as your accompanying instrument .
Studio - quality reverb lets you independently add depth to your dry and harmony vocals .
The focused 256 - band articulate vocoder , designed by the same EMS genius who made vocoding famous , features adjustable harmonic enhancement and controllable formant shift .
Plug in your mic and your instrument , and let your new voice — or voices — be heard !
Featured Videos
To open the full video playlist in YouTube , click here
To suggest a video , send email to :
From the Blog
Posted 4/14/2020
YouTube | Instagram | Twitter | RSS Subscribe to EHX via : Facebook
From the Blog
Posted 5/8/2014
Tweet
This pedal was conceived of and designed by EHX from globally sourced components .
Every EHX pedal goes through a stringent testing process by musicians and technicians in NYC before packing .
Simone Murtas used an EHX Voice Box for the sounds and effects in this short video .
YouTube | Instagram | Twitter | RSS Subscribe to EHX via : Facebook
From the Blog
Posted 3/17/2014
Tweet
Happy St Paddy ’s Day from EHX .
Here ’s
These pedals were conceived of and designed by EHX from globally sourced components .
Every EHX pedal goes through a stringent testing process by musicians and technicians in NYC before packing .
Happy St Paddy ’s Day from EHX .
Here ’s Bill Ruppert ’s Effectology video showing how he turns a guitar tone into a tin whistle .
YouTube | Instagram | Twitter | RSS Subscribe to EHX via : Facebook
From the Blog
Posted 3/20/2013
Tweet
Drew of the Drew covers Frank Ocean ’s “ Thinkin Bout You ” using the EHX Voice Box Vocal Harmony Machine / Vocoder .
YouTube | Instagram | Twitter | RSS Subscribe to EHX via : Facebook
From the Blog
Posted 12/19/2011
YouTube | Instagram | Twitter | RSS Subscribe to EHX via : Facebook
From the Blog
Posted 11/17/2011
YouTube | Instagram | Twitter | RSS Subscribe to EHX via : Facebook
From the Blog
Posted 11/7/2011
YouTube | Instagram | Twitter | RSS Subscribe to EHX via : Facebook
From the Blog
Posted 5/10/2011
YouTube | Instagram | Twitter | RSS Subscribe to EHX via : Facebook
From the Blog
Posted 4/11/2011
Tweet
Here ’s the latest videosong by the multi-talented JRENG !
This time he ’s collaborating with Lola Bangs The Drums , a duet featuring Natalia Pratiwi and Dika Charles Dickson .
The title of the original song is “ Dekati Aku ” which translates to “ come and get me ! ”
When producing this videosong JRENG !
drew inspiration from big band , swing music .
He explained that because he does n’t have brass instruments he mimicked the brass with his pianica and an EHX Voice Box in unison mode ( one octave higher , one octave lower ) .
JRENG ! used the following EHX products in this production :
Voice Box ( pianica )
Cathedral Stereo Reverb ( electric guitar , electric piano , acoustic guitar )
Stereo Pulsar ( electric guitar )
Russian Big Muff Pi ( bass , lead synthesizer )
Double Muff ( electric guitar )
YouTube | Instagram | Twitter | RSS Subscribe to EHX via : Facebook
From the Blog
Posted 3/17/2011
YouTube | Instagram | Twitter | RSS Subscribe to EHX via : Facebook
From the Blog
Posted 12/23/2010
Tweet
Tommy ( that ’s her name ) manages a ukulele shop in Japan .
Here she performs the classic B.J. Thomas tune , “ Raindrops Keep Falling on My Head ” using an EHX Voice Box Vocal Harmony Machine / Vocoder .
The Voice Box can create 2 to 4 - part harmonies directly from your vocals in the same key as your accompanying instrument .
Its studio - quality reverb adds depth and ambience .
The whistling in the last verse is from the Voice Box !
YouTube | Instagram | Twitter | RSS Subscribe to EHX via : Facebook
From the Blog
Posted 12/8/2010
YouTube | Instagram | Twitter | RSS Subscribe to EHX via : Facebook
From the Blog
Posted 6/14/2010
Floating and inspiring , Collen Dauncey entices her Electro - Harmonix Voice Box choir to deliver inspiring , human harmonies to the Fleet Foxes “ Myknonos ” .
One very talented singer PLUS one musical instrument evokes an EH vocal magic that weaves a haunting and beautiful symatry .
YouTube | Instagram | Twitter | RSS Subscribe to EHX via : Facebook
From the Blog
Posted 11/16/2009
YouTube | Instagram | Twitter | RSS Subscribe to EHX via : Facebook
From the Blog
Posted 10/7/2009
YouTube | Instagram | Twitter | RSS Subscribe to EHX via : Facebook
From the Blog
Posted 6/9/2009
EHX engineer John Pisani plays the Voice Box Slytherin style , with his wizard - rock band Swish and Flick .
John adds : " Harry Potter is a weakling !
All Hail Draco Malfoy ! "
YouTube | Instagram | Twitter | RSS Subscribe to EHX via : Facebook
From the Blog
Posted 5/16/2009
Thanks to YouTuber JargMarbin for this bit of experimental electronic fun featuring a Serge Creature , a Korg Kaossilator , and an EHX Voice Box .
Excerpt : " I am your robot father .
Go to your room .
You 're a bad robot son . "
YouTube | Instagram | Twitter | RSS Subscribe to EHX via : Facebook
From the Blog
Posted 4/27/2009
This pedal was conceived of and designed by EHX from globally sourced components .
Every EHX pedal goes through a stringent testing process by musicians and technicians in NYC before packing .
Thanks to YouTube 's GuitarGearComMx for this demo of the Voice Box -- you 'll get a good overview of the many different kinds of sounds you can make with the Voice Box .
YouTube | Instagram | Twitter | RSS Subscribe to EHX via : Facebook
From the Blog
Posted 4/15/2009
This pedal was conceived of and designed by EHX from globally sourced components .
Every EHX pedal goes through a stringent testing process by musicians and technicians in NYC before packing .
Thanks to Nataly Dawn and Jack Conte for their second Voice Box video , " In Harmony . "
This time you 'll get a closer look at the Voice Box 's harmonizer features ( also be sure to see their earlier video which featured the vocoder ) .
YouTube | Instagram | Twitter | RSS Subscribe to EHX via : Facebook
From the Blog
Posted 3/6/2009
In our previous post , we heard the Voice Box help update the sound of a classic Neil Young song .
Today , straight from Japan , let 's all enjoy the entirely - different and other - worldly mash of a Voice Box with an iPhone synth .
Yes , people : Welcome to new world ;
It 's been too much long ...
( Thanks to YouTuber perfumepod for the video ! )
YouTube | Instagram | Twitter | RSS Subscribe to EHX via : Facebook
From the Blog
Posted 3/4/2009
Big thanks to Eric Myers for this amazing performance of Neil Young 's " After the Goldrush . "
Eric used the Voice Box in vocoder mode to merge his voice with the melody , as played via electric guitar .
He combined the synthed - out vocals with acoustic tracks to produce this updated " twenty - first century " version of a classic song .
Do n't miss the third stanza : " Well , I dreamed I saw the silver space ships flying ... "
YouTube | Instagram | Twitter | RSS Subscribe to EHX via : Facebook
From the Blog
Posted 1/6/2009
This pedal was conceived of and designed by EHX from globally sourced components .
Every EHX pedal goes through a stringent testing process by musicians and technicians in NYC before packing .
Sit back , relax , and enjoy the show : the Voice Box , as demoed by Jack Conte and Nataly Dawn
YouTube | Instagram | Twitter | RSS Subscribe to EHX via : Facebook
Submissions to EHX.com
Do you have something that you 'd like to share with the Electro - Harmonix community ?
( a tip on getting a great sound , a cool site , a video , or whatever ? )
Please send your suggestions to :
We 've seen quite a bit of resignation notes in the IT world over the years , but this one takes the cake when it comes to originality .
Jonathan Schwartz , CEO of Sun Microsystems , has tweeted his resignation , explaining it with a haiku poem : " Today 's my last day at Sun .
I 'll miss it .
Seems only fitting to end on a #haiku .
Financial crisis / Stalled too many customers / CEO no more "
The reasons for Schwartz 's resignation were more or less known from before ; recently , Oracle has acquired Sun , and Oracle CEO Larry Ellison said in an interview last week he expects Schwartz to resign .
Last week , Schwartz already announced that he 's probably resigning , tweeting a link to his last blog at Sun .
According to The New York Times , Schwartz was the first Fortune 200 boss to tweet his resignation .
Well , why not — if you have to leave , you might as well leave in style .
With so much information today , the challenges of designing something that ’s user friendly , easy to understand , and engaging are very tricky .
Good Blog seems to know the secret to this .
They are masters at organizing , designing , and gathering data in a modern , clean way that inspires me all the time .
Above is a great simple 15 - step infographic on a popular theme — Breasts .
Take a look and learn something !
Agencies || Friday , January 01 , 2010 , Muharram 14 , 1431 A.H at 1949 hrs || Source : Indian Express , Times Now & Others .
In a bloody start to the new year , Pakistan on Friday witnessed a major terror attack when a suicide bomber rammed his explosives - laden vehicle into the wall of a playground in the country ’s northwest killing 27 people and injuring several others .
At least 9 minors were killed in this incident as believed .
In a separate attack , a tribal elder associated with an anti-Taliban militia and five others were killed when the vehicle they were travelling in was targeted with a roadside bomb in the restive Bajaur region .
Tribal elder Malik Gul Shah Ali Khan and five others , including a minor boy , died when the vehicle was targeted with a remote controlled bomb in Salarzai sub-division of Bajaur Agency this morning , officials of the local administration said .
The suicide attack occurred at Shah Hasankhel village , located 25 km from Lakki Marwat in the southern part of the North West Frontier Province .
About 50 people were watching a volleyball game between two local teams when the bomber struck the playground ’s wall with his vehicle .
State - run PTV reported that 27 people were killed while police officials said several others were injured .
Several houses collapsed due to the powerful explosion and some people were buried in the rubble .
Officials said the death toll could rise .
No group claimed responsibility for the attack but police officials said they suspected the Taliban were behind the assault as local residents had cooperated with security forces during a recent operation against militants .
District police chief Ayub Khan said residents of Shah Hasankhel and members of a pro-government militia had expelled militants from the area with the help of security forces .
The village was earlier considered a stronghold of the Taliban .
Today ’s attack was the latest in a series of devastating suicide bombings across Pakistan that has killed over 500 people since October last year .
Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani condemned the attack and said such terrorist acts would not weaken his government ’s resolve to fight terrorism till it is completely eliminated .
In Hangu district of the North West Frontier Province , two militants were killed while planting a bomb , police said .
The militants were planting the bomb beside a road when it went off with a loud bang .
Both men were killed instantly .
Police took their bodies into custody .
Meanwhile , at least eight militants were killed in US drone attacks in the troubled North Waziristan tribal region , a Taliban stronghold .
A missile fired by a drone struck a vehicle near Navana village in Mirali sub-division this morning , killing three militants .
Five militants were killed last night when a drone fired two missiles at a compound at Machikhel village in Mirali .
It is reported that at least ten minors are killed in the first Friday Islamic attacks in Pakistan in the very start of the year 2010 .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Tags : Blast in Volley Ball Ground took 40 plus lives , Lakki Marwat , Pakistan starts with New year Suicide Bomb Blast , Shah Hasankhel , suicide attacker
The Kankakee County Farm Bureau wants to stop net neutrality .
So does the Erie Neighborhood House , along with Downtown Springfield Inc , Big Brothers / Big Sisters of Will and Grundy Counties , and the mayor of North Chicago .
The organizations all share several things : they are located in Illinois , they want the FCC to focus on broadband adoption rather than net neutrality , and ... they all have connections to AT&T .
Everyone has an opinion
Thursday was the last day to file comments with the FCC about network neutrality , and the docket is now stuffed with more than 13,000 responses .
Both sides in the net neutrality debate have rounded up various civil rights groups for their position , but those opposing network neutrality seem far more likely to have taken money from the major players .
That 's no surprise ; infrastructure companies like Comcast and AT&T have representatives in every town in the country , along with a footprint on the ground .
They employ local workers just about everywhere , and they know how to spread the cash around .
Internet and computer companies tend not to have this sort of local presence across the US .
It 's not necessarily a question of buying opinions , either .
AT&T reps sit on the local Chamber of Commerce , they sponsor local service agencies .
That money does good things in many towns .
When the AT&T reps describe the " danger " they are under from regulators run amok in Washington , it all sounds reasonable — and it 's coming from someone in your community .
When groups are then told they can weigh in at the FCC on some issue , and given dates and docket numbers , many of them do so and make remarkably similar arguments .
To see this in action , we gathered FCC net neutrality comments from organizations in the state of Illinois that were made over the last two days .
Then we looked up those groups and tried to figure out why they might have an interest in the issue .
Here 's what we found .
Kankakee County Farm Bureau .
Comment : " If the government is to be involved , it should be promoting broadband access and adoption .
It should not be imposing mandates that will raise prices and slow expansion . "
A local farm bureau would not seem to be interested in network neutrality proceedings at the FCC , but reps from the Farm Bureau , AT&T , and Comcast sit together on the local Chamber of Commerce Government Affairs Committee .
It 's not hard to imagine why a farm bureau might develop an opinion on the issue , and why that opinion might be that net neutrality will " raise prices and slow expansion . "
Erie Neighborhood House .
This local Chicago social services organization does plenty of good work , enough that it is funded to the tune of millions of dollars a year by various government entities .
It also received $ 10,000 - $ 25,000 from Comcast in 2009 , along with $ 5,000 - $ 10,000 from AT&T Illinois , according to its annual report .
Mayor of North Chicago .
This suburban mayor weighed in on the side of AT&T .
Not mentioned : the fact that , according to press reports , he worked for AT&T for several decades before entering politics , opened his city to U - Verse back when AT&T was refusing to sign local franchise agreements , and has been willing to offer quotes for AT&T press releases praising U - Verse .
Downtown Springfield , Inc .
This local group of business boosters does n't quite have a handle on the issues .
Comment : " Such a regulatory overreach also has further consequences the Commission must consider — will there be salary neutrality enforced on carriers ?
Economic development or jobs neutrality ?
Will search engines and web developers be forced to be neutral in their content and services ?
To become so involved in a singular function of the carriers ' business , the FCC must be able to define why content delivery is separate from all other facets of the Internet business . "
Actually , that definition is pretty obvious : ISPs are a choke point to everything else on the Internet in a way that no one else is .
And we 're not sure what " salary neutrality " even means .
Not surprisingly , AT&T is a member of the group .
Big Brothers / Big Sisters of Will and Grundy Counties .
Comment : " The ability to utilize this technology in a cost - effective manner did not happen by accident or by government policy .
It happened because of a competitive marketplace that rewarded the companies who invested in the latest networks and products .
I believe that the development of new federal rules and regulations will only inhibit these types of investments . "
The Big Brothers / Big Sisters , especially at the local level , are n't known for having opinions of the innovation effects of government policies in the telecommunications sector ... but they do take money from AT&T , as the picture below reminds us .
AT&T is a major corporate donor
Ministerial Alliance Against the Digital Divide .
This group is a bit odder .
Formed early in the decade , it was initially an opponent of AT&T's Lightspeed ( now U - Verse ) precisely because AT&T would n't sign local franchise agreements and commit to serving most residents of a city .
" Digital redlining , " the group called it .
Then came a change of heart , and the group 's near - total effort seemed devoted to praising U - Verse as a needed competitor to the evil cable companies .
The group 's leader , from Chicago , even made a point of traveling out to wealthy western suburbs of the city to testify at numerous city councils on the issue .
The group now says that " we strongly discourage the FCC from setting any rules that would upset this progress towards achieving 100 % broadband access and the elimination of the Digital Divide . "
Schaumburg Business Association .
Comment : " We urge you to adopt a plan that encourages investment by the private sector and promotes 100 percent broadband adoption as the top priority of your Broadband Plan . "
Who sits on the group 's Legislative Committee ?
AT&T , of course .
It 's all local
When you 're trying to drum up broad national support from grassroots groups , you need a local presence .
AT&T has one , and it knows how to use that presence to get its message out .
That 's a big advantage in politics , and it does n't require dark tales of obvious kickbacks under the table to suggest how and why AT&T is able to influence local groups to write letters on issues far out of their comfort zone .
If you like AT&T 's rep on the local Chamber of Commerce , and you golf with him once in a while , and he tells you how new rules threaten his business , would n't you want to help him out and keep the meddling bureaucrats away ?
A final note : nearly all of the small , local groups that weighed in on net neutrality stressed that 100 percent broadband access was more important .
This also suggests why the major ISPs all seem to love the FCC's National Broadband Plan — it 's relatively tame , it focuses on expensive or hard - to - reach customers , and none of its proposals threaten things the ISPs want to do .
By supporting the NBP , ISPs do n't have to look like bad guys when they trash net neutrality ; see , they do support the FCC in its most important work !
Before the split , however , a serious error can occur .
Palindromes on one Y chromosome can occasionally reach over and form a fatal attraction with the counterpart palindrome on its neighbor .
The two Y’s fuse at the point of joining , and everything from the juncture to the end of the chromosome is lost
The double - Y’s so generated come in a range of lengths , depending on which of the palindromes makes the unintended liaison .
Like other chromosomes , the Y has a left arm and a right arm with the centromere in between .
The male - determining gene lies close to the end of the left arm .
If the palindromes at the very end of the right arm make the join , a very long double - Y results in which the two centromeres are widely separated .
But if the joining palindromes are just to the right of the centromere , a short double - Y is formed in which the two centromeres lie close together .
Dr. Page detected among his patients both short and long double - Y’s and those of all lengths in between .
He and his colleagues then noticed a surprising difference in the patients ’ sexual appearance that depended on the length between the centromeres of their double - Y’s .
The patients in whom the distance between the Y’s two centromeres is short are males .
But the greater the distance between the centromeres , the more likely the patients are to be anatomically feminized .
A few of the patients were so feminized that they had the symptoms of Turner ’s syndrome , a condition in which women are born with a single X chromosome .
The explanation for this spectrum of results , in Dr. Page ’s view , lies in how the double - Y’s are treated in dividing cells and in the consequences for determining the sex of the fetus .
When the centromeres are close together , they are seen as one and dragged to one side of the dividing cell .
As long as the Y’s male - determining gene is active in the cells of the fetal sex tissue , or gonad , the gonads will turn into testes whose hormones will masculinize the rest of the body .
But when the centromeres lie far apart , chromosomal chaos results .
During cell division , both centromeres are recognized by the cell division machinery , and in the tug of war the double - Y chromosome may sometimes survive and sometimes be broken and lost to the cell .
Consider two candidates for the state legislature .
One , an incumbent whose father happens to be one of Chicago 's most powerful aldermen , appears to have violated election law .
The other , a political rookie taking on an incumbent , has sworn affidavits from voters attesting that he played by the rules .
Guess which candidate will be on the ballot for the February 2 Democratic primary — and which wo n't ?
You got it : state rep Deb Mell , daughter of 33rd Ward alderman Richard Mell , will make the ballot while Al Hofeld Jr. has withdrawn under the pressure of a potentially expensive legal challenge his attorney did n't think he could beat .
" I always knew incumbents had an advantage , " says Hofeld .
" But this is ridiculous . "
First to the matter of Mell .
The one - term incumbent used to live in an apartment on Clybourn , but this fall she bought a place on Melrose .
On October 26 she filed her sworn statement of candidacy , paperwork required of anyone running in the primary that includes a signed " oath " affirming that he or she is a " qualified " voter .
On her statement Mell wrote that she was a qualified voter living on Melrose .
In reality , she had never gotten around to switching her registration from Clybourn .
Her opponent , Joe Laiacona , a computer science teacher at Columbia College and the proprietor of LeatherViews.com , pounced , claiming she was n't ballot - eligible because her candidacy statement includes false information .
" She said she was registered on Melrose and she was n't , " he says .
" It was an open - and - shut case . "
He hired independent election lawyer Richard Means , who filed a challenge with the Chicago Board of Election Commissioners seeking to knock Mell off the ballot .
She responded by bringing in the big gun , Michael Kasper , the election - law wizard who generally represents candidates favored by state house speaker Michael Madigan .
The case came before hearing officer Barbara Goodman , who ruled in favor of Mell .
And how did this " open - and - shut case " go Mell 's way ?
Well , according to Goodman 's reading , " There is no express requirement in . . . the election code that specifically requires that a candidate be a registered or qualified voter , " Goodman wrote .
" Even if there is an implied requirement that a candidate be a registered or qualified voter , there is no requirement that the candidate be registered to vote at the address listed on the candidate 's nomination . "
Laiacona appealed to the full board of election commissioners .
On December 1 they sustained Goodman 's decision .
" I still can't believe that ruling , " he says .
If the law requires that Mell sign an oath attesting to the truth of everything in her statement , he wonders , how could the board determine it did n't matter whether the address was accurate ?
To him it was a little like a suspect going on trial for bludgeoning someone to death with a brick , only to have the judge let him go free because the state bans murder but not specifically bludgeoning .
The irony , as Laiacona points out , is that incumbents frequently jump on their challengers for not understanding the ins and outs of local politics and election law .
" Here she clearly violated the rules , yet they find a way to keep her on the ballot , " he says .
" If the roles were reversed and I had made that mistake and Mell was challenging me , there 's no way they would have kept me on the ballot . "
( Also ironic : Laiacona 's platform includes a promise to fight in favor of ballot access and against frivolous petition challenges . )
Meanwhile , there 's Al Hofeld , a lawyer and community activist whose father , Al Sr. , ran unsuccessfully for the U.S. Senate in 1992 and Illinois attorney general in 1994 .
In October , Hofeld announced he was running against south - side state senator Kwame Raoul .
To make the ballot he needed to collect signatures from 1,000 registered voters .
He gathered 2,748 .
But in November Raoul ally John Moore challenged Hofeld 's nominating petitions on the grounds that 2,246 of these signatures were invalid , in most cases because they did n't match the signatures on the voters ' registration cards or the addresses were n't up to date .
It 's a maneuver candidates regularly use to knock opponents off the ballot — even though the election code is no more specific about the signatures than it is about the candidate 's address being accurate .
" I 'm sensitive to this issue .
I think that everyone has a right to run — but I think it 's a good thing to have a threshold , " says Raoul , who accuses Hofeld of relying on campaign staffers from outside the district to gather his signatures instead of meeting voters himself .
" Running for office is more than putting your name on a poster or writing letters to the editor misstating my position . "
The challenge meant Hofeld had to go through what 's called a binder review of signatures to prove they came from legitimate registered voters .
" It was a nightmare , " says Jo Ann Robinson , his campaign chair .
For the better part of three days , she and Moore sat at a computer in the county building at 69 W. Washington while a clerk compared signatures on Hofeld 's nominating petitions with signatures on the voters ' registration cards .
The clerk disqualified some signatures because the voters were n't registered at the addresses they said they were — essentially the same sin Mell committed in her candidacy statement .
Others were disqualified because the signatures did n't match .
As Robinson points out , signatures change over time .
" The clerk said , ' I 'm not sure this signature 's the same as the one on the registration card , ' " says Robinson .
" I said , ' If you 're not sure , how could you rule one way or another ? '
He was just disenfranchising voters .
We never got the benefit of the doubt . "
The clerk eliminated 1,899 signatures from Hofeld 's petition , leaving him with 849 .
To get back on the ballot he needed to redeem 151 .
Over the weekend of November 22 , a couple of Hofeld 's supporters — including his brother Bryan , who 's also an attorney — retraced their steps .
" We went back to voters , told them what would happen , and asked them to sign affidavits swearing that they were the voters who signed the nominating petitions , " says Bryan Hofeld .
As he points out , a sworn affidavit is pretty serious stuff — both the signer and the signature collector face jail time if they 're caught lying .
Hofeld 's supporters gathered 186 affidavits .
Moore was represented by — you guessed it — Michael Kasper .
Even with the affidavits , hearing officer Frank Tedesso threw out most of the contested signatures on the grounds that they did n't resemble those on the registration cards .
" It was surreal , " says Bryan Hofeld .
" These are people who live in my building , most of whom I 've known for years , who have signed affidavits . "
At one point , Bryan Hofeld got on the stand and testified that he 'd personally gathered the original signatures and the follow - up affidavits .
" The hearing officer still dismissed the signatures , " he says .
" The burden of proof never switched to the other side ; they never had to present compelling evidence why the affidavits are false . "
After a second hearing on December 4 , Hofeld Jr. decided to drop out of the race on the advice of his attorney , James P. Nally .
" My lawyer advised me that the numbers were against me , " he says .
Raoul will run unopposed in the primary .
All in all , it was quite a feat for Kasper , who kept Mell on the ballot by arguing a technicality and knocked Hofeld off the ballot by demanding the judge adhere to the letter of the law .
Next time we could save people a lot of time and trouble by simply letting Kasper decide who gets on the ballot , since it pretty much works that way anyway .
Kasper thought that was pretty funny when I contacted him for comment .
Then he defended the Hofeld ruling .
" A voter 's statement on a form affidavit could not overcome the contradictory evidence in the board 's registration records , " he wrote in an e-mail .
" There are many reasons why this is the correct ruling .
First , some people may believe , incorrectly , that they are registered when they are not .
Second , they may not be willing to admit that they are not registered and will sign the affidavit anyway . "
Well , I suppose it is possible that some hapless resident might sign a very legal - looking affidavit — and risk jail time on a perjury rap — simply because he 's too ashamed to admit he 's not really registered .
But should n't Kasper have to present any evidence that the affidavit 's false ?
Apparently not , according to the Chicago Board of Elections .
" Election cases are not necessarily governed by the strict rules of evidence followed in a courtroom , " says Jim Allen , a board spokesman .
" The focus of such proceedings is ascertaining whether the signatures on the petition are in fact genuine . "
I 've long argued the board has a bias in favor of incumbents , a charge board members patently reject .
But it 's undeniable that they have strong connections to the political establishment .
The three members ( one Republican , two Democrats ) are appointed by the chief judge of Cook County Circuit Court on the recommendation of party leaders .
The board 's current chairman , Langdon Neal , is a partner in a law firm that 's received millions of dollars in business from the city since 2006 .
Allen argues that the system treats everyone — challengers as well as incumbents — the same .
Yet Mell got to stay on the ballot for virtually the same infraction that eliminated voter signatures from Hofeld 's petitions .
" It 's astounding , but people who sign petitions have to make a higher threshold than candidates , " Allen says .
" But there 's nothing in election law that says [ a candidate has ] to be registered at the address on their candidacy statement . "
Well , for that matter , there 's nothing in the election code that specifically says a signature on a nominating petition has to match a signature on a voter registration card .
True , says Allen .
So quick — put Hofeld back on the ballot !
" The board did not knock Mr. Hofeld off the ballot , " Allen says .
" He withdrew on his own . "
Touché .
So here 's what I propose : the next challenger bounced for irregular signatures should argue they should be restored to the ballot because there 's nothing specific about it in the election code .
Let that be a lesson to all you wannabe elected officials out there .
Yes , the system 's obviously weighted in favor of incumbents .
But you 'll never get elected to anything if you drop out of the race .
Joravsky discusses his reporting weekly with Dave Glowacz at mrradio.org / theworks .
* House votes to put health insurers under antitrust law
* Bill no longer includes medical malpractice insurers
WASHINGTON , Feb 24 ( Reuters ) - The U.S. House of Representatives voted on Wednesday to take a 65 - year - old antitrust exemption away from health insurance companies , leaning hard on an industry that has been the focus of criticism for fast - rising rates .
The chamber voted 406 to 19 to effectively repeal an antitrust exemption that has meant that states take the lead in enforcing antitrust law for health insurers .
Consumer groups say states often lack the resources to effectively regulate insurers .
“ Just recently 80,000 Iowans were told that their insurance rates would go up 18 percent , ” said Rep. Leonard Boswell in debate before the vote .
“ Iowans in the 3rd district are struggling to make ends meet . ”
The debate took place on the margins of a larger healthcare debate .
On Thursday , President Barack Obama will host a healthcare summit , the latest step in his uphill battle to break an impasse in Congress over a sweeping overhaul of the $ 2.5 trillion industry , one of his domestic policy priorities .
Supporters portrayed the bill as a way to tamp down sharply rising health insurance costs , such as those from WellPoint Inc WLP.N , which raised rates an average of 25 percent for some Anthem Blue Cross customers in California .
WellPoint Chief Executive Angela Braly , at a hearing on the issue on Wednesday , said the company was concerned that it would lose the ability to share data with other companies .
“ It ’s not going to affect healthcare costs one way or another , ” she said .
The Senate Judiciary Committee ’s version of the legislation is narrower in some ways than the House version , although the Senate bill also strips medical malpractice insurers of their antitrust exemption .
Obama has said that he would sign the repeal into law .
( Additional reporting by Susan Heavey , editing by Matthew Lewis )
Resistance is an online third - person shooter , where players can choose either Stargate Command or the System Lords and fight for control of the galaxy !
This Game Is No Longer Available
Stargate Resistance is a fast - paced and deadly third - person shooter for control of the entire galaxy !
The arrogant System Lords believe they are the true masters of the universe , and have begun a savage campaign to dominate and enslave the known worlds .
Stargate Command operatives are the first line of defense against this menace .
Small teams of brave agents use the Stargate to travel about the galaxy and parry the thrust of these alien overlords .
Whichever side you choose , each battle will be one of wits , skill , and reflexes that can decide the fate of the entire galaxy !
Dominance : Battle for control of the galaxy as either the S.G.C. or System Lords , wresting power away from your foes with each glorious victory !
Dial It Up : Spearhead the assault by charging through the Stargate into enemy territory –drawn straight from the amazing Stargate series !
Tactical Battle : Work with your teammates to defeat enemy players in a variety of multiplayer modes including Team Death Match , Capture the Tech , and of course , Domination !
Game Play Variety : Master all six classes and use their unique abilities to turn the tide of battle .
Earn experience with each class to advance through the ranks .
True Stargate Weapons : Play with a vast array of weapons including the P90 , Proximity Mines , Staff weapons , Sniper Rifle , .50 MG Turret and Anti-Cloak Sight , Ribbon Device and Ash’rak Death Knives !
Spectacular Visuals : Experience battlefields with jaw - dropping textures and lighting rendered by the Unreal 3 engine !
Expanding Universe : New content including maps , weapons , and classes enter the fray through future expansions
From Cheyenne Mountain Entertainment
For the past two years , Stanford has been rolling out a series of courses ( collectively called Modern Physics : The Theoretical Minimum ) that gives you a baseline knowledge for thinking intelligently about modern physics .
The sequence , which moves from Isaac Newton , to Albert Einstein ’s work on the general and special theories of relativity , to black holes and string theory , comes out of Stanford ’s Continuing Studies program ( my day job ) .
And the courses are all taught by Leonard Susskind , an important physicist who has engaged in a long running " Black Hole War " with Stephen Hawking .
The final course , Statistical Mechanics , has now been posted on YouTube , and you can also find it on iTunes in video .
The rest of the courses can be accessed immediately below .
( The courses also appear in the Physics section of our collection of Free Courses . )
Six courses .
Roughly 120 hours of content .
A comprehensive tour of modern physics .
All in video .
All free .
Beat that .
Modern Physics : The Theoretical Minimum
Classical Mechanics ( Fall 2007 ) iTunes YouTube
Quantum Mechanics ( Winter 2008 ) iTunes YouTube
Special Relativity ( Spring 2008 ) iTunes YouTube
Einstein's General Theory of Relativity ( Fall 2009 ) iTunes YouTube
Cosmology ( Winter 2009 ) iTunes YouTube
Statistical Mechanics ( Spring 2009 ) iTunes YouTube
PS If you live in the San Francisco Bay Area , you should consider checking out Prof.
Susskind 's new course .
It takes a yearlong look at new revolutions in Particle Physics , and how important theories will be tested by the Large Hadron Collider in Europe .
His second course in the series begins next week .
Learn more here .
KFC has pulled a controversial TV ad amid claims its depiction of a white Australian cricket fan offering fried chicken to West Indies supporters is racist .
The fast food chain 's head office in the US apologised for " any misinterpretation " caused by the ad as furious debate raged in the American media about whether it was racist .
" KFC Australia is removing the television advertisement that was being run in conjunction with the Australian cricket season , " the chicken fast food giant announced in a statement .
" We apologise for any misinterpretation of the ad as it was not meant to offend anyone . "
The Australian commercial was picked up by the US media , including the New York Daily News and Baltimore Sun and drew heated debate .
Some Americans accused Australians of being racist because it perpetuates a stereotype that African Americans eat a lot of fried chicken .
The ad is one in a series where a cricket lover quietens people around him by giving them KFC to eat so he can enjoy the game .
The New York Daily News staged a poll on its website asking if the ad was offensive .
The vote was almost split , with 51 per cent choosing " No , it 's just light - hearted and fun " and 42 per cent selecting " Yes , it plays on stereotypes " .
Six per cent voted " I 'm not sure " .
Readers inundated the newspaper websites with emotional posts .
" This was blatantly racist , " one reader commented on the NY Daily News website .
Another wrote : " Yeah , coming from the same people who almost single - handedly wiped out the whole race of aborigines ( sic ) .
You people are the worst .
I 've had friends who visited Australia and they told me how it is over there " .
Australians , upset at the American response , bombarded US news websites and blogs to defend the ad and attempt to explain Australian humour .
" Oh dear , " an Australian wrote on the Baltimore Sun site .
" Another shining example of how some Americans can be absolutely clueless about anything further away than the tip of their own nose . "
The furore began in the US after the ad was posted on YouTube , attracting thousands of comments and sparking members of the public to post their own video responses .
- AAP
The Na'vi hair plug sex scene was n't the only questionable scene removed from James Cameron 's Avatar .
Find out what Quaritch meant by " real legs , " which supporting characters were supposed to be in love , and why Sigourney was so pissed .
Advertisement
Fox recently released the entire Avatar script , which has helped us answer a lot of questions , like what do the Na'vi eat .
Find out which characters were supposed to get drunk , get high , have sex and fall in love .
The Mean Streets of James Cameron 's Bladerunner Like City , Plus Jake 's Big Bar Fight
Advertisement
This is easily the coolest deleted scene from Avatar .
First up , it gives us a look at what 's become of Earth .
Turns out we 've destroyed the planet — people wear clean - air breathing masks , the world is cluttered with ads , and sounds like a cold , concrete place .
At least , that 's the world that poor and unfortunate Jake Sully calls home .
Also interesting , it sounds like human athletes have replaced their real legs with animal hind quarters or " antelope legs " as the script calls them .
Which must be what Quaritch meant when he told Jake he'd get him his real legs back .
I do n't know about you , but I 'd rather have animal legs .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Also revealed in this film , Jake is a bad ass that does n't take sass from anyone , as evidenced by his bar fight .
First Banshee Run-In
Advertisement
After the " meals on wheels " dig , Jake 's treated to a run-in with a little local wildlife , straight off the boat .
School Massacre
Advertisement
We know the humans built a school for the Na'vi people , because Giovanni Ribisi 's character , Parker Selfridge , informs us of that when while listing off all the failed attempts to work with the natives .
What we did n't know is why the school closed , and what they taught .
Turns out they taught Dr. Seuss books — and the whole thing was shuttered after the military got trigger happy .
What The Navi Eat
Advertisement
Bugs , but more interestingly this scene shows one of Jake 's more clever moments — knowing he 's being tested he gobbles up the Pandoran larvae happily .
Also , we like all the Na'vi chatter about Jake 's imminent doom .
Netiryi's Lost Sister
Advertisement
Netiryi had a sister , that Grace is somehow connected to , this is the first reference of the missing member of Netiryi 's family , but not the last .
Grace 's Story And What Happened To Neytiri's Sister
Advertisement
This little snippet from the script answers our questions as to what happened to Grace 's school and Neytiri 's sister .
Turns out they both met a tragic end at the hands of the Sky People .
Jake Gets Drunk on Fire Water
Advertisement
What better way to celebrate a Na'vi 's first experience with a Banshee and successful kill , than by getting drunk ?
This is actually the same sequence that James Cameron talks about below — we wish they 'd kept drunk Jake Sully in the movie .
Click to view
Movie Trailers - Movies Blog
Jake Takes An Acid Trip
Advertisement
The Na'vi do not mess around with their drugs .
Read on as Jake goes through his final test of Na'vi manhood by stabbing an Aarachnoid in its neck , and chewing a glowing purple worm .
He then has what can only be described as a native acid trip , for glory .
The SEX SCENE
Advertisement
This is it the hair on hair Na'vi sex scene .
Read the tawdry details below — and you 'll know you 're done when the script says Neytiri is " spent . "
What Happens When A Na'vi Loses Their Hair Plug : Tsu - Tey 's Graphic Death
Advertisement
Now that we know what happens when two Na'vi plug their hair socket into each other , what happens when someone cuts off the cord completely .
Unfortunately for Tsu - Tey , he finds out first - hand in Avatar 's screenplay .
The underutilized — and super jumpy — Corporal Lyle Wainfleet takes his knife to Tsu - Tey 's hair , and unleashes loads of pain and shame upon Neytiri 's scorned would - be husband .
In fact he 's so upset at the removal of his hair plug , he asks Jake to kill him , Jake happily obliges knife in hand .
See , we knew that death prayer would come in handy later .
So long TT — sorry Jake stole your pride , woman and place of honor among the tribe — and now has to kill you .
Forbidden Love
Advertisement
Perhaps the cheesiest line of the entire Avatar film — yes , even cheesier than " you 're not in Kansas anymore " is Trudy 's final line of dialog .
No our hero of the sky did n't go out guns blazing originally .
In the original script , Trudy falls in love with gangly Na'vi scientist Norm .
And before she blows herself to bits protecting the magic tree she whispers sweetly to nerdy Norm , " I love you " — then klablooey !
" Noooooo ! "
Norm screams , as fragments of his lady shimmer in the sunset .
In the American military , few missions are considered more important than rescuing missing or kidnapped troops .
So it 's more than a little odd that U.S. forces in Iraq have decided to outsource that operation to a private company .
The military 's Joint Contracting Command - Iraq / Afghanistan on Sunday handed out a one year , $ 11.3 million , no - bid contract to Blackbird Technologies Inc. , declaring that the firm was " the only contractor that can currently provide the subject matter expertise needed " for personnel rescue operations .
It 's hardly the first military contract for Virginia - based Blackbird , originally founded in 1997 as an Internet security firm .
In August , Blackbird won a massive , $ 450 million contract from the U.S. Navy to provide " tagging , tracking and locating " gear and training to a wide swath of military units .
In addition , Blackbird is currently assisting the armed forces in " locating people held captive or hostage under duress and assessing enemy vulnerabilities . "
U.S. forces say they need the company to continue to " provid[e ] staff and mission area expertise for PR [ personnel recovery ] operations , serve as a fusion nexus for intelligence operations to support PR , and operational oversight for subordinate operations . "
In addition , the military expects Blackbird to provide everything from " crisis action planning " to " non-attributable internet research . "
" We 're not the guys that go out and kick down doors and bring out the Jessica Lynches of the world , " says retired Army Lieutenant Colonel Timur Eads , who serves as Blackbird 's vice president of government relations .
" We 're the guys in the background , assembling the forensic information , bringing all the threads together . "
Sometimes , Eads tells Danger Room , that entails online research " where you appear to be entering the Internet from somewhere else . "
Beyond that , Eads wo n't say much .
" I can't give the specifics of what we do , because the work is classified .
But the reason we got this contract is because we have people with very unique skillsets that we can quickly bring together . "
The company says they 've already got a crack team assembled for their rescue operations .
But Blackbird is openly recruiting for " personnel recovery mission officers , " apparently to service this contract .
Only applicants with a very specific background need apply .
Blackbird wants each of the eight officers to have 10 years of special operations missions and a clearance of " Top Secret / SSBI with SCI eligibility . "
But despite the sensitivity of this mission , and despite the exclusive resumes applicants need to provide , these positions are only " part - time . "
Blackbird is headquartered in Herndon , VA , with five branch offices nationwide .
Blackbird ’s website states that the company is a " technology solutions provider whose mission is to solve challenging problems for customers in the Defense , Intelligence , and Law Enforcement Communities . "
They also advertise that the majority of their staff hold high - level clearances and handle " the most sensitive government and commercial matters . "
Various arms of the Department of Defense have awarded at least six different contracts to the company since 2003 .
The biggest , and most sensitive , of these deals is the nearly half - billion contract for " tagging , tracking , and locating " – military jargon for keeping tabs on troops and their potential enemies through clandestine means .
Usually , that TTL job is accomplished by putting an infrared , radio frequency , or satellite homing device on or around the target .
The CIA , for instance , allegedly directs its drone strikes in Pakistan with the help of infrared beacons .
Blackbird is responsible for " training all Army , Marine Corps , and Special Operations forces in the use and application " of these TTL tags , according to Eads .
That includes " infrared beacons , satellite tags , and over - the - horizon tags . "
The idea is to give local U.S. commanders in places like Afghanistan the ability to " identify high - value targets in his sector . , " Eads says .
That officer can also use the tags to trace the routes and attack points used by insurgent bombing networks .
Blackbird also sells the gear to the various military branches , and embeds a company contractor with a military unit to service the equipment .
Eads and Blackbird were temporarily thrust into the spotlight in 2008 .
The company was also involved in the " Pentagon Pundits " imbroglio — retired military officers who were hired as news analysts for their Pentagon access .
Blackbird 's Eads opined on military matters for Fox News .
Blackbird 's new contract is yet another example of the government 's embrace of private firms in some of its most sensitive work .
Among those killed last month by the Jordanian suicide bomber who infiltrated a C.I.A. base in Afghanistan were two contractors from the firm formerly known as Blackwater .
– Noah Shachtman and Darius Dixon
[ Photo : Noah Shachtman ]
0 MQ : A new approach to messaging
Did you know ...?
LWN . net is a subscriber - supported publication ; we rely on subscribers to keep the entire operation going .
Please help out by buying a subscription and keeping LWN on the net .
BSD sockets have been used in thousands of applications over the years , but they suffer from some limitations .
The low - level nature of the socket API leads developers to reimplementing the same functionality on top of sockets over and over again .
Alternatives exist in the form of various " I/O frameworks " and " enterprise messaging systems " but both of these approaches have their own set of drawbacks .
The former are generally bound to a certain programming languages or paradigms , while the latter tend to be bloated , proprietary solutions with resident daemons that hog system resources .
0 MQ ( " Zero - Em - Queue " ) is a messaging system that tackles these issues by taking a different approach .
Instead of inventing new APIs and complex wire protocols , 0 MQ extends the socket API , eliminating the learning curve and allowing a network programmer to master it in a couple of hours .
The wire protocols are simplistic , even trivial .
Performance matches and often exceeds that of raw sockets .
A client / server example
Let 's have a look at a trivial example of 0 MQ usage .
Say we want to implement an SQL server .
The networking part of the code - base is fairly complex ; we have to manage multiple connections in a non-blocking fashion , a pool of worker threads is needed to send large result sets in the background allowing the SQL engine to process new requests in the meantime , and so on .
Here 's how we can accomplish this using the 0MQ C language bindings :
#include < zmq.h > int main ( ) { void *ctx , *s ; zmq_msg_t query , resultset ; /* Initialise 0MQ context , requesting a single application thread and a single I/O thread */ ctx = zmq_init ( 1 , 1 , 0 ) ; /* Create a ZMQ_REP socket to receive requests and send replies */ s = zmq_socket ( ctx , ZMQ_REP ) ; /*
Bind to the TCP transport and port 5555 on the loopback interface */ zmq_bind ( s , " tcp://lo:5555 " ) ; while ( 1 ) { /*
Allocate an empty message to receive a query into */ zmq_msg_init ( &query ) ; /* Receive a message , blocks until one is available */ zmq_recv ( s , &query , 0 ) ; /* Allocate a message for sending the resultset */ zmg_msg_init ( &resultset ) ; /* TODO : Process the query here and fill in the resultset */ /*
Deallocate the query */ zmq_msg_close ( &query ) ; /*
Send back our canned response */ zmq_send ( s , &resultset , 0 ) ; zmq_msg_close ( &resultset ) ; } }
This example shows us several basic principles of 0MQ :
0 MQ transports data as messages , represented in this example by zmq_msg_t .
0 MQ considers a message to be a discrete unit of transport , and message data as an opaque blob .
This is considered a deliberate improvement compared to systems like CORBA with their 1000 + pages of core specification .
Developers can always use a third - party library such as Google protocol buffers if they do not wish to write custom serialization code .
0 MQ supports different socket types which are specified at socket creation time and implement different messaging patterns .
In this example we use ZMQ_REP which stands for the replier pattern , meaning that we wish to receive requests from many sources and send replies back to the original requester .
zmq_init( ) has two arguments related to threads .
The first argument is the maximum number of application threads that will access the 0MQ API .
The second argument specifies the size of the I/O thread pool 0MQ will create and use to retrieve and send messages in the background .
For instance , when sending a large result set the send ( ) function will return immediately and the actual work of pushing the data to the network will be offloaded to an I/O thread in the background .
For the sake of brevity , error handling has been omitted in this example .
The 0MQ C binding uses standard POSIX conventions , so most functions return 0 on success and - 1 on failure , with the actual error code being stored in errno .
0 MQ also provides a zmq_strerror ( ) function to handle it 's specific error codes .
The client code is equally simple ( C++ ) :
#include < string.h > # include < stdio.h > # include < zmq.hpp > int main ( ) { try { // Initialise 0MQ context with one application and one I/O thread zmq::context_t ctx ( 1 , 1 ) ; // Create a ZMQ_REQ socket to send requests and receive replies zmq:: socket_t s ( ctx , ZMQ_REQ ) ; //
Connect it to port 5555 on localhost using the TCP transport s.connect ( " tcp://localhost:5555 " ) ; //
Construct an example message containing our query const char * query_string = " SELECT * FROM mytable " ; zmq : : message_t query ( strlen ( query_string ) + 1 ) ; memcpy ( query.data ( ) , query_string , strlen ( query_string ) + 1 ) ; // Send the query s.send ( query ) ; //
Receive the result zmq :: message_t resultset ; s.recv ( &resultset ) ; // TODO : Process the resultset here } catch ( std: : exception &e ) { // 0 MQ throws standard exceptions just like any other C++ API printf ( " An error occurred : %s
" , e. what ( ) ) ; return 1 ; } return 0 ; }
This example uses the ZMQ_REQ socket type , which specifies the requester messaging pattern , meaning that we wish to send requests , which may be possibly load - balanced to all peers listening for such requests , and we wish to receive replies to our requests .
The example also nicely shows how the 0MQ C++ language bindings map to the native language features and allow us to use exceptions for error handling .
One socket , many endpoints : A publish / subscribe example
Now , let 's have a look at another common pattern used in messaging , where one application ( the publisher ) publishes a stream of messages while other interested applications ( subscribers ) receive and process the messages .
The publisher application ( Java ) :
import org.zmq .* ; class publisher App { public static void main ( String [ ] args ) { // Initialise 0MQ with a single application and I/O thread org.zmq .
Context ctx = new org.zmq .
Context ( 1 , 1 , 0 ) ; // Create a PUB socket for port 5555 on the eth0 interface org.zmq .
Socket s = new org.zmq .
Socket ( ctx , org.zmq.Socket.PUB ) ; s.bind ( " tcp://eth0:5555 " ) ; for ( ; ; ) { //
Create a new , empty , 10 byte message byte msg [ ] = new byte [ 10 ] ; // TODO : Fill in the message here // Publish our message s.send ( msg , 0 ) ; } } }
The subscriber application ( Python ) :
import libpyzmq def main ( ) : # Initialise 0MQ with a single application and I /O thread ctx = libpyzmq .
Context ( 1 , 1 ) # Create a SUB socket ... s = libpyzmq .
Socket ( ctx , libpyzmq .
SUB ) # ... ask to subscribe to all messages ... s.setsockopt ( libpyzmq .SUBSCRIBE , " " ) # ... request the tcp transport with the endpoint myserver.
lan:5555 s.connect ( " tcp://myserver.lan:5555 " ) while True : # Receive one message msg = s.recv () # TODO : Process the message here if __name__ == " __main__ " : main ()
As with our previous examples , we have deliberately omitted error handling and processing code for the sake of brevity .
Error handling in both the Java and Python bindings is implemented using native exceptions .
These examples demonstrate the following :
Message subscriptions using the setsockopt ( ) call .
Using this call the subscriber indicates that it is only interested in the subset of messages sent by the publisher starting with the specified string .
For example , to subscribe to only those messages beginning with ABC we would use the call : s.setsockopt ( libpyzmq .
SUBSCRIBE , " ABC " )
To boost performance 0 MQ subscriptions are simple plain strings rather than regular expressions , however , you can use them for simple prefix - style matching where a subscription to animals .
would match messages such as animals.dogs and animals.cats .
Now , let 's look at a more complex scenario such as one that is often encountered in the stock trading business .
We want to send a high volume message feed of stock prices to multiple applications , some of which are located on our local LAN and others which are located at branch offices connected via slow and expensive WAN links .
The message load is so high that sending the feed to each receiver on our LAN , individually using TCP , would exhaust our LAN bandwidth .
For the subscribers located on our local LAN , the ideal solution would be to use a multicast transport .
0 MQ supports a reliable multicast protocol known as Pragmatic General Multicast ( PGM ) which suits this purpose ideally .
Many LWN readers may not have heard of PGM — without going into too much detail here we can say that it's an industry standard protocol specified in RFC 3208 and implemented mostly by proprietary messaging and operating system vendors such as Tibco , IBM , and Microsoft .
Luckily , the excellent Open Source OpenPGM implementation exists and is used by 0MQ .
Back to our stock trading example :
While using a PGM transport is fine on our local LAN , multicast wo n't work too well for our overseas offices , so we really want to be able to talk to those using plain old TCP .
In terms of code , we want something like this to bind our sending socket to both a TCP port as well as a multicast group :
s.bind ( " tcp://eth0:5555 " ) ; s.bind ( " pgm://eth0;224.0.0.1:5555 " ) ;
This example shows off two major features of 0MQ .
First , the ability to bind or connect a socket to multiple endpoints by simply calling bind ( ) and / or connect ( ) more than once .
Second , the use of different underlying transports for a socket .
0 MQ supports several transports , of which the most important are tcp , pgm , and inproc ( optimized for sending messages between threads within the same application ) .
Using the same API for in - process and remote communication allows us to easily move computations from local worker threads to remote hosts and vice versa .
While the example above works , it results in each overseas receiver creating a separate TCP connection to the publisher in our main office which may result in messages being transferred multiple times over the WAN link .
What we would like instead is a proxy application that would run at each branch office ( ideally directly on it's edge router to minimize the number of network hops , thus reducing latency to a minimum ) connecting to the publisher and re-distributing the messages on the branch office LAN via reliable multicast .
For the scenario described above we can use zmq_forwarder which is part of the 0MQ distribution .
Running zmq_forwarder with a simple XML configuration file that describes the inbound and outbound connections is all that is needed .
Performance
Of course , none of this is any good if your code runs slowly .
Assuming recent and well - tuned hardware , the end to end latency for transferring a small message ( 64 bytes or less ) on a 1GbE LAN using 0MQ is approximately 30 - 40 microseconds .
As for throughput , when transferring a single stream of one byte messages 0 MQ achieves rates of up to 3 - 4 million messages per second .
Observant readers will note that achieving these throughput figures with raw BSD sockets is impossible .
The 0MQ approach is to use " message batching " ( i.e. sending messages in batches rather than one by one ) thus avoiding frantic up - and - down traversal of the networking stack .
Thanks to smart batching algorithms , message batching has almost no impact on latency .
The memory footprint of 0MQ will be particularly interesting to embedded developers , as it is much smaller that of conventional messaging systems .
For instance on Linux / x86 , the core code occupies only a couple of pages in resident memory .
Conclusion
While 0MQ is still a young project which is evolving rapidly , it is an interesting and powerful alternative for those who prefer a messaging system which emphasizes simplicity , efficiency , and low footprint over the complex bells and whistles of most current enterprise messaging systems .
Particularly noteworthy is 0 MQ 's extension of the well known socket APIs and it 's ambition to be " just a transport " which gets out of the way rather than yet another bloated messaging or RPC framework .
0 MQ is licensed under the LGPL and you can download it on the project website .
API documentation is provided in the form of traditional UNIX man pages and help can be found on the community mailing list or IRC channel .
The project also has a GIT repository and is accepting contributions from the wider community .
As of this writing , 0 MQ runs on Linux , Windows , Solaris , and many other POSIX platforms .
Language bindings available include C , C++ , Common Lisp , Java , Python , Ruby , and more .
Unfortunately , packaging is lagging behind , so community contributions in this area would be very helpful .
Due to the closed nature of stock trading systems it 's hard to get a handle on actual adoption of 0 MQ in the wild , but there is one case study available .
While NASA and other space agencies keep their telescopes trained on near - Earth objects that could smash into us , we do n't know how to prevent an impact .
Here are some of the best ( and weirdest ) ideas for protecting Earth from incoming asteroids .
Advertisement
There 's actually a federal mandate that says NASA has to discover all near - Earth objects ( NEOs ) at least 140 meters in size by 2020 .
The problem is , no one 's bothered to fund this mandate , so it 's really an impossible job .
For the time being , astronomers use existing space observatories to look for NEOs when they can .
The Wide - field Infrared Survey Explorer ( WISE ) just spotted a previously unseen asteroid earlier this week – the kilometer wide rock wo n't get close to Earth for a few hundred years , but there are plenty more just like it .
If a large asteroid were spotted heading straight for a populated region of Earth tomorrow , what would we be able to do about it ?
Not much .
There 's no concrete plan to destroy or deflect a NEO ready to put into action on short notice .
Scientists have plenty of ideas , though .
Here are some of the best , rated 1 - 10 on the Michael Bay Explodiness Scale ( BES ) .
Advertisement
Gravity Tractor — BES Rating : 2 . Using a gravity tractor to move a large space object would work , but it would be a long , slow , boring process .
You simply send the largest craft possible out to the oncoming asteroid and park it next to it ( or in orbit around it ) .
With the proper positioning , the gravitational pull of the craft incrementally nudges the asteroid away from its original path , thereby missing Earth .
It would take ten years or more , so the key here is early detection .
There are rockets involved , and possibly an ion beam , but it 's not especially explodey .
Ballast Tether — BES Rating : 1 . This another slow , incremental way to change an asteroid 's orbit away from an Earth - intersecting path .
You send a mission up to the asteroid , and find another asteroid nearby .
Then , attach a massive tether connecting the two – and by massive , around 1,000 km would be the minimum .
A 100,000 km tether has been proposed .
This would make the asteroid and ballast into a " compound object " with a very different center of gravity from the lone asteroid .
The difference in gravitational effects would pull them into a different orbit .
While not very explodey , this kind of plan feels like it 's straight out of a hard sf novel .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Run Away — BES Rating : 10 .
Government officials refer to this as the Civil Defense plan .
You do n't try to deflect or destroy the asteroid , you just evacuate the area where it 's going to strike .
It takes a good evacuation plan , plus the means to deal with potentially millions of refugees .
It really only works with small to moderate size NEOs , but it still gets a ten on the Bay Explodiness Scale because it would literally recreate a scene that happened in an actual Michael Bay movie .
Slow Push — BES Rating : 4 . This is another deflection idea .
Send a big apparatus up to the asteroid , fasten some rockets to it and start pushing .
Again , you need to start early to get enough deflection to matter , but at long timescales , you could possibly use ion drives ( which , while technologically awesome , are decidedly less explodey than a massive array of rockets ) .
Advertisement
Whitewash — BES Rating : 0 . It 's been proposed that painting an asteroid a different color would change how it 's impacted by the solar wind and possibly alter its temperature , changing its density and center of gravity .
All this for one very slow , very namby - pamby effort to nudge the asteroid into a safer orbit .
According to asteroid destruction expert Michael Bay , " If this is the best we can do , let 's just let the damn thing hit us . "
Advertisement
Nukes — BES Rating : 9 . It 's the Armageddon scenario , and is actually considered the best short - term option , despite all the drawbacks .
If we find an asteroid that 's going to hit Earth in a few months , we 've got plenty of nuclear weapons and nuclear weapon delivery systems .
Might as well put them to good use .
Maybe it blows one big asteroid into a bunch of smaller ones .
Maybe some of the nukes do n't make it into space and detonate in Earth 's atmosphere .
Maybe one man will have to sacrifice his life for the good of all humanity .
Whatever it takes , man .
Only gets a 9 because a bunch of nuclear explosions in space is still not quite as explodey as an asteroid impact here on Earth .
If all this NEO tlak has you feeling a little worried , you can keep track of NASA 's NEO - spotting efforts on their official Asteroid Watch page .
Advertisement
Image : NASA / JPL .
Earlier this week , Osama bin Laden praised the Christmas Day attack in which a Nigerian - born man living in London attempted to blow up a Detroit - bound airplane by igniting explosives in his underwear .
Mr. bin Laden ’s endorsement , along with recent attacks in Baghdad , raise concerns about a new round of attacks against the United States .
Politicians , security experts , and pundits have therefore called for heightened security measures at airports and on airplanes .
It wo n’t work without addressing why there are attacks to begin with .
Additional security measures may prevent a few attacks , at least until terrorists learn to circumvent the new policies .
But these measures will have little lasting impact , as with many past tactics , because they do nothing to reduce the demand for terrorism against the US .
If the desire to engage in a certain activity is not reduced , attempts to raise the costs ( such as harsher punishment ) of such an activity do not matter much .
Consider the evidence from existing policies toward drugs , prostitution , and immigration .
In each case , policy tries to ban or limit the activity , hoping to raise the costs of supplying it .
Meanwhile , minimal effort is exerted to reduce the demand for intoxication , sex , and a higher income .
The net result is that drugs and prostitution are widely available and the US is home to at least 9 million illegal immigrants .
Sure , existing laws may reduce these activities somewhat , but the net impact appears to be minor .
Why ?
Desire often trumps law .
And it ’s just too easy to get around the law .
Illegal drugs and immigrants can enter the country along lengthy borders and via sea , air , or land routes .
Purveyors of prostitution services have endless means for avoiding even the most robust enforcement effort , from massage parlors to escort services to Internet sex .
Thus governments cannot substantially reduce drug use , prostitution , or immigration by raising the penalty ( supply costs ) :
If demand is strong , underground markets will accommodate it .
Whether policy should attempt to reduce these demands is a different question .
Regardless , policies that only address the supply side cost a lot and afford minimal results .
What does this mean for antiterrorism policy ?
The same conditions that undermine supply - side policies against drugs , prostitution , and immigration apply here .
There are too many potential terrorist targets and too many ways for terrorists to innovate their tactics for the US government to seriously tackle them all in a meaningful way .
But while not everyone in the US agrees that the drug trade , prostitution , and immigration are something that should be addressed , all Americans want to reduce the number of people or organizations that seek to commit terrorist acts against the US – the demand .
So what can the US do to reduce this demand ?
The answer is expeditious withdrawal of US troops from Iraq , Afghanistan , and other Middle Eastern countries , along with cessation of economic and military aid to Israel , Egypt , Pakistan , and the rest of the region .
Legalization of opium growing in Afghanistan , so that Afghan farmers can grow their crops in peace , would also do much to ease tensions .
Ending US interference in the Middle East is a necessary condition for reducing terrorism against the US because Islamic resentment results directly from this interference .
The fact that virtually all terrorist attacks against the US since 9/11 have targeted US forces in the Middle East , rather than targets on US soil , suggests the crucial objective is getting the US to leave .
Of course , terminating US intrusions in the Middle East will not eliminate antipathy to the US .
Some Muslims , just like some non-Muslims , hate the US merely because it is rich and powerful .
But ending US interference – which is not mild or occasional but pervasive and severe – would help achieve a significant reduction in the demand for terrorist acts against us .
Numerous examples illustrate this view ; terrorist attacks against Britain , for example , were concentrated historically against targets in the Middle East and India , but ceased when the British departed .
US withdrawal from the Middle East must , of course , proceed slowly enough to safeguard US troops and equipment , and avoid putting locals in harm ’s way .
And this withdrawal may initially increase violence and instability , as the remaining factions attempt to consolidate power .
But the existing situation is already unstable and violent , and with continued US presence , this seems likely to persist .
So US absence is a recipe for short - term pain but longer - term gain .
Some observers may view a US departure negatively because it appears to leave a mission undone .
Many , however , will recognize that the US can no longer do any good – whatever one thinks about the original invasions – and therefore applaud the good sense in cutting losses .
None of this means that all antiterror tactics are ill - advised .
Securing cockpit doors on airplanes , expanding the number of air marshals , or allowing security agencies to question terror suspects before handing them over to criminal justice can plausibly yield a good ratio of deterred terrorism to resentment and other costs .
Yet these tactics can only do so much as long as the desire to attack the US remains strong .
The US must defend itself against terrorism , but it must do so using tactics that work .
When one side of US policy is fanning the flames of anti-US hatred , the other side faces an unwinnable battle in trying to safeguard the country .
Jeffrey A. Miron is a senior lecturer and director of undergraduate studies at Harvard University and a senior fellow at the Cato Institute .
He blogs here and is the author of the forthcoming “ Libertarianism , from A to Z . ”
---
Did this opinion piece make you think ?
Join the conversation on Facebook !
' Saudi prince ' quizzed over murder of strangled servant found in London hotel
A man believed to be a Saudi Arabian royal entourage member was found dead at the Landmark Hotel in London
A man claiming to be a member of the Saudi royal family is being quizzed by police on suspicion of murder after one of his servants was found strangled at a top London hotel .
Officers were called to the five - star Landmark Hotel in Marylebone , Central London , after a 32 - year - old Saudi Arabian man was found dead in a suite by a maid .
The victim , believed to be part of the royal 's entourage , suffered severe head injuries in the attack .
Last night detectives were questioning a 33 - year - old man who told them he was a prince of the Saudi royal family .
He was arrested several hours after the discovery of the body at an address in Westminster .
One insider said the man had been staying at the Landmark for the past month .
He is believed to have been in London as a tourist and flew around the world accompanied by his aide .
The suspect told police he was a cousin of King Abdullah .
Sources said that it appeared he was a middle - ranking member of the royal house of Saud .
The man is not covered by diplomatic immunity , police sources said , following his arrest on Monday evening .
A section of the hotel 's third floor was sealed off by police who have launched a murder investigation following the discovery of a man 's body
Paramedics had earlier been called to a third - floor room of the hotel where they found the man dead .
A post mortem examination found the victim died as a result of ' manual compression of the neck ' and that he also suffered head injuries .
Yard sources confirmed that the case is being treated as a murder inquiry .
Last night a section of the hotel 's third floor was screened off from view of guests as the scene was photographed by forensics officers .
The death has shocked staff and guests at the prestigious hotel , which is popular with celebrities .
Rooms at the Grade II - listed Landmark Hotel , which was built in 1899 , cost from £ 400 a night , while the presidential suite commands up to £ 2,400 .
Former Oasis singer Liam Gallagher and his wife Nicole Appleton held their wedding reception there in February 2008 .
Among the hotel 's most popular attractions are its beauty salon , pool and whirlpool bath where Justin Timberlake , TV presenter Myleene Klass and Formula One former world champion Lewis Hamilton have all been pampered .
In 2007 , Michelle Obama held a fundraising - event at the hotel to boost her husband 's chances of getting into the White House , charging guests up to £ 1,150 .
Yesterday the hotel 's general manager Francis Green issued a statement offering his condolences over the death .
' Unfortunately , the Landmark Hotel can confirm the death of a guest on Monday who was staying at the hotel , ' he said .
' Police were informed immediately and have launched an investigation surrounding this incident and we are co-operating fully with them and are therefore unable to comment further .
' This is an isolated incident and our thoughts are with the relatives of the deceased . '
A Metropolitan Police spokesman said the death was being probed by detectives from the force 's homicide and serious crime command .
Today detectives were granted an extra 36 hours to continue questioning the man .
They are focusing on the hotel ’s extensive CCTV system which is believed to have captured the comings and goings of guests on Monday afternoon .
The Saudi embassy refused to comment today but a senior diplomat is believed to have visited the arrested man in his cell .
Regime changes are fun : last year it was California that the " smart money " was betting on for secession , earthquakes , default and a wholesale apocalypse .
Over the past 3 months , attention has shifted to California 's much smaller cousin in Europe - Greece , whose CDS , having been dormant during most of the credit crisis , has recently overtaken California by a substantial amount .
Yet what in Greece 's staggering budget deficit and untenable debt load was unknown 6 months ago that is known today ?
Absolutely nothing , as none of the recent developments should be construed as " news " , yet with everyone talking about it , CDS traders are more than happy to capitalize on the hoopla and crush the bulls .
The point here being that if traders think Greek default risk is material , how should the world 's 7th largest economy feel ?
Yes , they legalized grass , but somehow we doubt that is a viable model to bridge the gap from here to insolvency .
And with the Massachusetts referendum now shutting the door on any future bailouts , those of states most certainly included , we wonder : should n't the entity with the $ 10 billion deficit be trading just a little wider of little old Greece ?
California CDS have been on a tear , and after hitting a low of 160 bps , are now back to 273 .
Their high was 400 in the depths of the post - Lehman shitstorm .
And while the Federal picture since then has improved only thanks to the Fed 's wanton destruction of the middle class , for states it has only been an increasingly bumpy downhill ride .
With both Greece and California now pariahs in their respective contexts , we fully expect that California will retain its rightful place , somewhere decidedly wider than the Aegean country .
Vindicated at last !
All of us misanthropic misery guts , whingers and whiners , Seroxat - refuseniks , " walking nimbus clouds " ; we grouches , saddos , naysayers , demoralisers and party - poopers – our day has dawned .
Time to gather and strike for the right to snigger , sulk and be sceptical , for the whole purpose of the cult of positive thinking is the beatification of bullshit .
To write Nickel and Dimed , about how America 's working poor live , Barbara Ehrenreich took low - paid work herself .
For Smile or Die , her latest instalment on what 's eating America , having cancer was the personal starting - point for an investigation into the ubiquitous notion that positive thinking is essential to health , wealth and wellbeing .
Positivity and magical thinking may actually make illnesses worse , prompt us to seek wars we can't win , make us waste time and money " improving " ourselves when the real impediments to happiness lie far beyond our control , and make bankers believe they 're benevolent demigods .
Americans seem proud of being able to clap themselves into a frenzy of certainty for certainty 's sake .
" They had distributed motivational books and . . . they came to believe it themselves , " writes Ehrenreich of the macho world of finance ; " $ 3 trn - worth of pension funds , retirement accounts , and life savings evaporated into the same ether that had absorbed all our positive thoughts . "
Optimism convinces you that cancer results from a deficient immune system and can be healed through meditation , or that Lehman Brothers would survive because Richard Fuld wanted it to survive .
According to motivator Zig Ziglar , who helps companies such as AT&T bounce all the blame back on to the worker , if something goes wrong , it 's because you did n't work hard enough or pray effectively .
Boo !
Boo !
Positive types are n't just misled , they 're mean .
" Negative people suck ! " claims one American motivational coach , an exemplar of the " empathy deficit " in positive thinking .
The pitiless message to the powerless from all these motivational speakers , megachurch preachers , self - help gurus and other assorted selfishness - sellers is that sad sacks get what they deserve .
Promoting the idea that happiness is within your grasp is in the interests of corporations trying to bamboozle an overworked and underpaid workforce .
It 's also favoured by churches trying to get rich quick off the American dream .
Ehrenreich traces the fad from Calvinist self - control through Christian Science to blatant assumptions of the holiness of cash .
Informing the uneducated and unmedicated that their plight is all their own fault is followed up by instructions for making anything you desire – from a new TV screen to a trip to Mexico – " materialise " through mind control .
The censorship of negative opinion combines perfectly with the American policy of each man for himself in the best of all possible worlds .
This is the philosophy that gave us the smart bomb , the space programme , sub - prime mortgages , plenty of psychopaths and Sarah Palin .
Every dumb American idea we 've all had to stomach and die for can be attributed to this devotion to fantasy and self - satisfaction .
Ehrenreich writes that America is unsurpassed in one area : " the reflexive capacity for dismissing disturbing news " .
Current American euphemisms for getting fired include " releases of resources " , " career - change opportunities " and " growth experience " .
It 's when writing about the cancer industry that she 's at her most eloquent .
When she got breast cancer , Ehrenreich found that not only did she have to confront a life - threatening illness but also a whole bunch of idiotic pink products , from proud cancer - defying sweatshirts and breast cancer candles , to a teddy bear with a breast - cancer ribbon sewn on its chest .
Cancer victims are expected to exude happiness – otherwise you 're apparently exposing yourself , and fellow cancer patients who come into contact with you , to toxic negativity .
You might also make your friends uncomfortable .
Ehrenreich was told by a Panglossian oncology nurse that chemotherapy smoothes the skin and helps you lose weight !
But all the denial and courageous cookie - baking distract patients from questioning their treatment or why they got cancer in the first place .
Ehrenreich attributes hers to taking HRT ( a hugely lucrative industry ) ; other factors may be diet and pollution .
Americans are n't happy , they 're just trained to look as if they are .
It 's fake orgasm on a grand scale , and we 're almost deafened by the din .
Ehrenreich dares to mention the value of " defensive pessimism " , that handy trait that suggests you keep your foot near the brake pedal just in case there 's a three - year - old round the next corner .
We want chefs who worry about the soufflé falling , we want energy planners who consider the worst outcomes of radiation poisoning and plutonium thefts , we want pushchair manufacturers to be wary of crushing babies ' fingers .
We need a grown - up disdain for complacency , compliance and conformity , and a critical forum in which you are not reviled for having nothing to advertise but your discontent .
Think about all the people over the years who 've told you to embrace change , or think positive , or smile - love - it - may - never - happen .
Were they right ?
I doubt it .
I bet " it " did happen , and I bet you did n't like it .
Lucy Ellmann 's Doctors and Nurses is published by Bloomsbury .
HONG KONG 
The Chinese government announced late Saturday an unusually broad series of retaliatory measures in response to the latest United States arms sales to Taiwan , including sanctions against American companies that supply the weapon systems for the arms sales .
The Foreign Ministry announced in a pair of statements from Beijing that some military exchange programs between the United States and China would be canceled in addition to the commercial sanctions .
Furthermore , a vice foreign minister , He Yafei , has called in Jon M. Huntsman Jr. , the United States ambassador to China , to protest the sales .
The American decision to sell more weapons to Taiwan “ constitutes a gross intervention into China ’s internal affairs , seriously endangers China ’s national security and harms China ’s peaceful reunification efforts , ” Mr. He said in the ministry ’s statement .
The Obama administration notified Congress on Friday of its plans to proceed with five arms sales transactions with Taiwan worth a total of $ 6.4 billion .
The arms deals include 60 Black Hawk helicopters , Patriot interceptor missiles , advanced Harpoon missiles that can be used against land or ship targets and two refurbished minesweepers .
Written By : John Poole on December 8 , 2009 510 Comments
This was probably the best global warming cartoon I ’ve seen .
I caught it in yesterday ’s USA today which I only read while I ’m in the airport for some reason .
There should be another guy asking , “ But what if it ’s true and we do n’t do anything . ”
And then they ’ll have a guy on the stage with a list of catastrophic events like ramped disease , hightened natural disasters , and cities under water .
That would be funny .
But seriously , forget about all the benefits of climate change mitigation and think about the potential effects of global warming , they could totally ruin us .
So basically , the risk of not doing anything is huge and the risk of doing something is , well , nothing .
I really have a lot of difficultly listening to flat Earthers cry about some hoax or conspiracy .
If we do n’t curb climate change and the potential effects that come with it , we ’re going to have more problems than Tiger Woods ’ marriage .
In fact , a few extramarital transgressions will be the least of our problems because the greatest transgression of all will be too great to reverse – the pollution of the planet .
The bottom line is that the Earth is warming .
And while you could claim that this is some natural cycle of global temperature , you should first consider that the Earth ’s average temperature is 14 degrees Celsius and it has gone up 1 degree Celsius over the past 150 years .
That ’s a 7 % increase – and this is in only 150 years !
Geologically speaking , 10,000 years is a nano second and 150 is a negligible amount of time .
The following excerpt was taken from the website of the COP15 conference :
At present the concentration of CO 2 in the atmosphere is about 385 ppm ( parts per million ) .
Before industrialization it was about 280 ppm .
Analyses of air contained in ice from the Antarctic ice cap show that there is far more CO 2 in the air today than at any time in the last 650,000 years .
Yesterday marked the beginning of the 15th United Nations Climate Change Conference which is being held in Copenhagen , Denmark .
Many are hoping for the conference to result in an ambitious agreement to reduce carbon emissions involving all countries of the World .
In the very least it is a refreshing opportunity for leaders of the World to discuss a threat for which a unified effort is necessary .
I ’m personally not going to listen to any nay - sayers of the green movement or efforts to curb climate change because there is very little detrimental results that could come for any approach at reversing climate change – the risk of doing nothing is just far too great .
Be Sociable , Share !
Tags : Climate Change , Construction blog , Construction Economics , COP15 , Copenhagen , Global Warming , John Poole
About 50 of the passengers were Lebanese nationals , most of the others were Ethiopians , airline sources said .
There were thought to be seven crew members .
Have you been following our Prop 8 trial coverage ?
Perhaps you ’ve wondered about the larger legal issues in the trial , or do n’t understand why this one judge makes the decision , or what happens if we win , or what “ suspect class ” means .
Well , we also have questions and do n’t understand things !
The trial is on pause until Tuesday , so we ’d like to take this opportunity to drop some legal knowledge all over your beautiful bodies :
Meet Jessica , a real live lawyer !
She ’s about to blow your mind with facts and explanations like it ’s her job because , incidentally , it is !
Jessica works for a legal publishing company where she writes and edits articles that explain legal developments to people who did n’t go to law school .
Are n’t you glad she gave up on her initial dream of becoming the world ’s first dancing astronaut ?
After reading this , you can probably join a law firm or run for Senate .
At the very least , we hope you ’ll be able to re-explain this Prop 8 stuff to your family and friends , which will make you look just as smart as Jessica .
This is just a little warm - up , a Q&A of questions that Riese had for Jessica .
She ’s writing a longer piece that will debut very soon .
Do you have questions for Jessica ?
Ask away in the comments , and she ’ll work it into her next piece !
Riese :
There ’s only one judge !
Does he get to decide everything ?
Jessica :
At the trial court level ( the first place a case is heard ) , one judge is standard .
You only get multiple judges on appeal .
( Most of the time , the cases that make headlines are already on appeal , and therefore have multiple judges ) .
For now , one judge has all the power .
But regardless of what this judge decides , this case will be appealed .
Not all cases are , but clearly somebody is going to be unhappy with the outcome , and you can always appeal a trial court decision .
This does n’t mean that everything in this stage will be thrown out , though .
Everything has to be entered into evidence at the trial court level .
On appeal , the attorneys will be arguing procedural matters and debating legal precedents , but these arguments will be grounded in the existing court record established at trial .
Because the case is in federal court in California , it will be appealed to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit ( circuits are divided up by geographic region ) .
The Ninth Circuit has been allotted 29 judgeships , and a panel of these judges will hear the appeal .
Then it ’s up to the panel : whoever gets the majority of votes wins .
Again , regardless of what happens at the circuit court level , this case will be appealed because someone is going to be unhappy .
But the Supreme Court does n’t have to hear the case .
They get to choose .
Sometimes they wait until several circuits have had a chance to weigh in on a controversial issue .
Sometimes they just do n’t want to touch controversial topics .
Sometimes they ’re too busy .
Really , it ’s entirely within their discretion .
Riese :
Does the other side go next ?
Jessica : Plaintiffs ( our side ) plan to wrap up their arguments by Wednesday .
Then it ’s the other side ’s turn .
And then we will collectively cry , because they ’ll present their witnesses who will undoubtedly all be jerks and liars .
( I ’m not biased at all . )
Riese :
Do the Prop 8 defenders actually believe what they ’re talking about , or are they appointed by the state ?
Jessica :
That depends on who you ’re talking about .
The lawyers may or may not believe in anything aside from arguing .
Lawyers are paid to be the strongest advocates they can be for a cause regardless of their personal feelings .
Chances are , the lawyers that signed on for this also believe in the cause , but as long as the case is in progress , you ’ll never know .
The defendants in this case are Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger and “ Proposition 8 Official Proponents . ”
Schwarzenegger has said that he supports the lawsuit because he think the conflict asks important constitutional questions that should be decided by a court .
In 2008 , he encouraged Californians to vote no on Prop 8 , and he also expressed hope that the California Supreme Court would overturn it .
California Attorney General Edmund Brown ( who was originally named in the lawsuit ) decided not to defend Proposition 8 , which is an unorthodox move for an attorney general , because he believes it is unconstitutional and should be struck down .
He ’s no longer a defendant .
However , because no one from the state was really jumping up and down to defend it , the Yes on 8 people requested the right to intervene in the case .
And they were granted that right .
And yes …they believe in their cause .
Riese :
Why , when we lost in May , might we still win this time ?
Jessica :
We ’re asking different questions at different levels of the court .
In Strauss v. Horton ( the case from May ) , the court was examining the propriety of the process used to amend the California Constitution ( and whether Prop 8 constituted an amendment or a revision ) .
This time , the court is examining whether Prop 8 violates the U.S. Constitution — specifically the due process clause and the equal protection clause .
Jessica will be back later to give you a more in - depth legal analysis of the trial !
Stay tuned , you ’ll know so much more before this thing gets going again on Tuesday !
And if you have questions , ask them in the comments !
Go Team Totally Right !
The Federal Reserve faces attack from lawmakers on both ends of the political spectrum , as Ben Bernanke defended his nomination to a second term as Fed chairman at confirmation hearings Thursday .
Their opposition is n't likely to derail the Bernanke nomination , but it represents some of the most concerted opposition the central bank has seen in decades .
And , dovetailing with the aftermath of a severe financial crisis , it could potentially result in new constraints on the Fed .
From the political left , Sen. Bernie Sanders of Vermont is refusing to back Mr. Bernanke for another term , and has put a hold on the nomination .
That 's a Senate procedural maneuver that makes the approval process harder .
Senator Sanders , an independent , is considered politically way left of most Democrats .
On the opposite front politically , House Rep. Ron Paul ( R ) of Texas has a view that 's way right of most Republicans :
His trust in free markets and advocacy of a gold standard for the US currency prompts him to argue that the Fed should n't exist at all .
Representative Paul , who garnered a passionate national following in his unsuccessful bid for the Republican presidential nomination in 2008 , does n't have a direct say on Bernanke 's nomination .
But a bank - reform bill that 's moving to the House floor for debate includes a Paul - backed provision for Congress to audit the Fed .
He sees it as a first step toward persuading his colleagues that the central bank 's efforts to manage the economy by manipulating interest rates are ineffective or even harmful .
Critics :
Fed helped create crisis
In a year following the near - collapse of the US financial system , and massive rescue actions by the Fed , these two lawmakers are n't the only ones with questions and concerns about the central bank .
But they have issued some of the bluntest criticism .
" The Federal Reserve in collaboration with the giant banks has created the greatest financial crisis the world has ever seen , " Paul said in a July House committee statement .
" The American people overwhelmingly voted last year for a change in our national priorities to put the interests of ordinary people ahead of the greed of Wall Street and the wealthy few , ” Sanders said this week in announcing his opposition to Bernanke .
“ What the American people did not bargain for was another four years for one of the key architects of the Bush economy . ”
Their criticism taps into a wider base of public opinion .
Recent polling by Gallup shows that Americans have become less enamored of the Fed since last year 's financial storm .
In 2003 , some 53 percent of Americans rated the Fed as doing an " excellent " or " good " job .
In July this year , only 30 percent of the public felt that way .
About one - third of respondents gave the Fed a " fair " rating , while 22 percent said it 's doing a " poor " job .
The Fed 's foes say it helped to create the crisis - with easy monetary policy or lax supervision of banks .
Fed resists new audit system
Defenders of the Fed say a range of other factors also caused the crisis , and that Bernanke 's crisis - response is helping to restore financial stability .
The Fed made some errors , they say , but the US had severe financial crises before the Fed existed .
Many economists say the Fed is the logical institution to play a new role as watchdog against " systemic risks " across the financial sector .
The opposition from Sanders , Paul , and others comes as Congress appears poised to reconfirm Bernanke and to expand the Fed 's power as a regulator .
The Fed ’s defenders also worry that a new audit system could erode the Fed ’s independence from political pressure in setting monetary policy .
In his Senate testimony on Thursday , Bernanke argued against the idea of new audits on the Fed ’s monetary policy .
He said the Fed is transparent about its overall balance sheet and financial activities .
See also :
Financial bill to rein in Wall Street .
Will it be tough enough ?
Five questions for Ben Bernanke
Bernanke 's next term : as tough as the last
---
Follow us on Twitter .
The Kellogg ’s promotion for the Star Trek movie has been one of the longer running for the feature film with items starting to appear in stores in March and continuing to this summer .
While the Kellogg ’s website lists almost every product featuring ST09 images or offers , there have been a few surprises not listed , with the most recent being a limited series of Eggo waffles
Kellogg Update on Kellogg ’s waffles
( as reported by Ensign Kellogg submitted to John Tenuto )
This is Lt. Kellogg from the USS Enterprise 1701 E once again reporting for TrekMovie on my assigned mission to find all the Kellogg ’s Star Trek promotional products .
Kellogg ’s Has One More Surprise : ST Waffles
TrekMovie has already reported on the offer for a Star Trek Warp Plate on nearly every variety of Eggo Waffles .
However , those boxes feature Star Trek art yet regular waffles .
Now , Kellogg ’s has surprised fans with waffles that have edible images on them of Star Trek characters , planets , logos , phrases , and technology .
There are more than 25 different waffles available with this limited edition item .
The packaging shows the Enterprise and some of the waffles , and includes a Starfleet Delta Shield Game .
Limited Edition Star Trek Eggos box
Those familiar with my career in Starfleet know that this is n’t my first experience with Earth ’s past as I helped defeat the Borg during the First Contact mission .
However , it is the first time I have eaten waffles with images on them .
Amazingly , they taste exactly the same as regular Eggo waffles with the bonus fun of the Star Trek images .
As you eat your Nero waffle , say things like " I would rather suffer the loss of Romulus a thousand times than not eat my Eggo Waffles ! "
I purchased 6 boxes of Star Trek Waffles and got 22 of the " more than 25 " different designs ( there are 8 waffles a box ) .
For those desiring a checklist , here are the confirmed waffles .
Nero the waffle
Character Waffles : Kirk , Spock , Kirk & Spock , Kirk sitting in his Captain ’s Chair , McCoy , Sulu , Nero , Uhura , Chekov , and Scotty
Kirk and Spock on a waffle !
Logo Waffles : Delta Shield , Klingon , Romulan , Vulcan Greeting
Scientific waffle
Technology Waffles : Communicator , others ?
Toast me up scotty
Planet Waffles : Earth , Saturn with moon Titan , others ?
Leggo my planet
Phrases Waffles : Live Long and Prosper , I ’m Giving Her All She ’s Got Captain ! , Beam Me Up , Highly Illogical
Life long and Waffle
( Mental Floss ) -- Between her Snickers Super Bowl ad and the petition to have her host " Saturday Night Live , " Betty White has been getting a lot of press lately .
She 's been in the business since the 1940s , so you can bet Betty has a few interesting stories up her sleeve .
Would n't you just love to sit at the kitchen table and eat late - night cheesecake with her ?
Here are a few of the tales she might tell .
1. Like many other celebrities , Betty graduated from Beverly Hills High School .
Class of ' 39 !
2 . Do n't call her Elizabeth -- it 's not her name .
Her parents went with " Betty " on her 1922 birth certificate because they were n't too keen on any of the other nicknames that can go along with Elizabeth .
3 . One of her first gigs was as a disc jockey ( kind of ) .
She was the assistant to Al Jarvis , who hosted a program called " Hollywood on Television " , a variety show that included playing records just like a radio disc jockey did .
Betty was
Al 's right - hand woman for a few years in the ' 40s and ended up taking over the show entirely when he left .
4. Younger viewers know Betty White mostly from her ditzy role as Rose Nylund on " The Golden Girls . "
When our favorite show about sassy elderly women first came on the scene , though , television audiences were most familiar with Betty as the tart - tongued , man-hungry Sue Ann Nivens from " The Mary Tyler Moore Show . "
In fact , she was initially offered the role of similarly insatiable Blanche Devereaux because of her previous role as Sue Ann .
At the first table reading for the show , Rue and Betty switched characters to avoid being typecast ( Rue had previously played a sweet , naïve , Rose - type character ) and the rest is TV history .
Mental Floss : 11 stars and big TV roles they rejected
5 . She 's been calling the shots since a time when women did n't get to call the shots very often .
Betty received credits as co-creator , producer , and star of the 1952 sitcom " Life with Elizabeth . "
The show earned Betty her first Emmy -- Outstanding Lead Actress .
She would n't see another one until 1975 , when she won for Outstanding Supporting Actress for her role in " The Mary Tyler Moore Show . "
6 . You probably do n't want to have her over for game night , unless you do n't mind losing .
In the '50s and '60s , Betty was known as " The First Lady of Game Shows " thanks to her appearances on " Password , " " What 's My Line , " " To Tell the Truth , " " Match Game " and " Pyramid . "
7 . In fact , she even married a game show host .
She met her third husband , Password host Allen Ludden , during a guest appearance .
If you 're familiar with Ludden , you know he later started his shows with the trademark phrase , " Hi , Doll . "
This was his little nod to Betty 's mom , Tess , who was an avid watcher .
Betty and Allen were married from 1963 until his death in 1981 .
8 . She might seem sweet , but White has a wicked sense of humor .
When fellow Golden Girl Rue McClanahan was hospitalized after having a stroke earlier this year , a friend of Rue 's reported that Betty had sent a " Do n't Get Well " card that said something along the lines of , " Dear Rue , I hope you hurry up and die so I can be the last Golden Girl left .
NOT KIDDING . "
Rue apparently got a huge kick out of it .
Mental Floss : 7 things to know about " The Golden Girls "
9 . Another example of Betty 's not - so - sweet humor : if you ask her if there 's anything she has n't done in her career , her stock reply is , " Robert Redford . "
She 's confessed that she 's never actually met him and would now be embarrassed if she did .
10 . Despite all her success in the television and film industries , Betty has said that when her time comes , she would rather be remembered for her work with animals and animal - related charities .
But do n't call her an activist !
Here 's what she has to say about that :
" I do n't get into the political side or the demonstrative side .
I 'm just totally devoted to health and welfare .
You know what the problem that animal activists sometimes have ?
They only concentrate on the heartbreaking things to the point where the general public think , ' Oh , here comes those animal folks again and I 'm going to hear all the things I do n't want to hear . '
They forget to celebrate all the gains that we 've made .
...
Sure , there are still big problems , but we 're making some good moves .
I 'm a big cockeyed optimist .
I try to accentuate the positive as opposed to the negative . "
Mental Floss : 10 weird celebrity phobias
For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com
Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC .
All rights reserved .
It was n't the fury of Thor or an alien portal or the Second Coming of Hey - Zeus .
Here you have the explanation of the mysterious giant spiral that happened yesternight in Norway , computer simulation included .
Advertisement
The video shows a rocket running out of fuel and spiraling out of control , which looks exactly like the photos and videos .
Advertisement
Norwegian astronomer Knut Jørgen Røed Ødegaard says it 's 99.9 % safe to say that it's a rocket out of control , while some newspapers and TV channels are quoting Russian military sources , confirming that this is a failed Bulava missile launched from a nuclear submarine in the White Sea .
The Norwegian defense has confirmed that , even while they have not admitted the failure , the Russian Navy alerted them about the tests prior to the giant spiral appearing in the skies .
And if that was n't enough to convince everyone , here are two images of the missile trails being blown away by the wind , at dawn :
Click to viewSorry people , no alien invasions .
Yet .
[ Thanks Jon Trygve and everyone who wrote ]
Quicksand Reorder and filter items with a nice shuffling animation .
Filter by type : Everything Applications Utilities
Sort by : Name Size
Activity Monitor 348 KB
Address Book 1904 KB
Finder 1337 KB
Front Row 401 KB
Google Pokémon 12875 KB
iCal 5273 KB
i Chat 5437 KB
Interface Builder 87276499 KB
i Tuna 17612 KB
Keychain Access 972 KB
Network Utility 245 KB
Sync 3788 KB
TextEdit 1669 KB
Demo seems sluggish ?
Disable CSS3 scaling and try again .
Is n’t it cool ?
Now , choose your fighter :
I have a collaboration with another cartoonist that I am way behind on , I deserve a punch right in my nose holes .
By Jason Palmer
Science and technology reporter , BBC News
The approach made a device of 64,000 parts in three minutes Researchers have demonstrated a simple , cheap way to create self - assembling electronic devices using a property crucial to salad dressings .
It uses the fact that oil - and water - based liquids do not mix , forming devices from components that align along the boundary between the two .
The idea joins a raft of approaches toward self - assembly , but lends itself particularly well to small components .
The work is reported in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
Crucially , it could allow the large - scale assembly of high - quality electronic components on materials of just about any type , in contrast to " inkjet printed " electronics or some previous self - assembly techniques .
Specific gravity
Such efforts have until now exploited the effect of gravity , assembling devices through so - called " sedimentation " .
In this approach , " blank " devices are etched with depressions to match precisely - shaped components .
Simply dumped into a liquid , the components should settle down into the blank device like sand onto a riverbed , in just the right places .
" That 's what we tried for at least two years and we were never able to assemble these components with high yield - gravity was n't working , " said Heiko Jacobs of the University of Minnesota , who led the research .
SELF - ASSEMBLY EXPLAINED
The oil / water mix contains a number of individual solar cell elements Each is coated with a " water - loving " molecule on the bottom and a " water - hating " one on top
The elements align neatly at the oil / water boundary in a two - dimensional sheet The " blank " solar cell has pre-cut places for the elements and is dipped through the boundary
As it is slowly drawn upwards , the elements pop into place " Then we thought if we could concentrate them into a two - dimensional sheet and then have some kind of conveyor belt - like system we could assemble them with high yields and high speed , " he told BBC News .
To do that , the team borrowed an idea familiar to fans of vinaigrette : they built their two - dimensional sheets at the border between oil and water .
They first built a device blank as before , with depressions lined with low - temperature solder , designed for individual solar cell elements .
They then prepared the elements - each a silicon and gold stack a few tens of millionths of a metre across - and put different coatings on each side .
On the silicon side , they put a hydrophobic molecule , one that has a strong tendency to evade contact with water .
On the gold side , they put a hydrophilic molecule , which has the converse tendency to seek out water .
By getting the densities of the oil - and water - based parts of the experiment just right , a " sheet " of the elements could be made to " float " between the two , pointing in the right direction thanks to their coatings .
The conveyor belt process is to simply dunk the device blank through the boundary and draw it back slowly ; the sheet of elements rides up along behind it , each one popping neatly into place as the solder attracts its gold contact .
The team made a working device comprising 64,000 elements in just three minutes .
Bendy future Having proved that the concept works , the team is now investigating just how small they can go in terms of individual elements , or how large they can go in finished devices .
The approach should also work for almost any material , stiff or flexible , plastic , metal or semiconductor - a promising fact for future display and imaging applications .
Babak Parviz , a nano - engineering professor at the University of Washington in Seattle , said the technique is a " clear demonstration that self - assembly is applicable across size scales " .
" Self - assembly is probably the best method for integrating high - performance materials onto unconventional substrates , " he told BBC News .
The method tackles what Dr Parviz said is the most challenging problem - the proper alignment of thousands of parts , each thinner than a human hair .
But it also works with the highest - performance materials , he said .
" For example , this method allows one to use single - crystal silicon , which is far superior to other types of silicon for making solar cells . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Three MPs and one peer to be charged over expenses
Elliot Morley , David Chaytor , Jim Devine and Lord Hanningfield face charges Three Labour MPs and one Tory peer will face criminal charges over their expenses , Director of Public Prosecutions Keir Starmer has said .
MPs Elliot Morley , Jim Devine , David Chaytor and Lord Hanningfield will be charged under the Theft Act .
All four have said they denied any charges and would defend their positions robustly .
Revelations about MPs ' expenses emerged in May last year with the police going on to investigate a handful of cases .
Mr Starmer said there was " insufficient evidence to provide a realistic prospect of a conviction " in the case of Labour peer Lord Clarke but said a sixth case remains under police investigation .
Brown ' angry '
All four Parliamentarians will face charges of false accounting under section 17 of the Theft Act 1968 .
Anyone convicted faces a maximum sentence of seven years ' imprisonment .
CPS CHARGES LAID Elliot Morley - two charges over £ 30,000 of mortgage interest claims David Chaytor - accused of dishonestly claiming £ 1,950 for IT services and also £ 18,000 in rent Jim Devine - accused of claiming £ 3,240 for cleaning services and £ 5,505 for stationery Lord Hanningfield - faces six charges of dishonestly submitting expense claims
CPS charges in full Profile :
The four facing charges
The four men will not be arrested but will be sent a summons to turn up on 11 March at City of Westminster magistrates court , a short walk from the Houses of Parliament .
Prime Minister Gordon Brown said he was " very angry about what has happened " as he arrived in Exeter for a regional Cabinet meeting .
He said : " We took steps some months ago to remove the right of these people to stand as candidates for the Labour Party .
These are very serious criminal allegations .
All criminal allegations have got to be investigated .
It 's a matter now for the courts . "
A Conservative Party spokesman said : " Lord Hanningfield has today resigned his position in the House of Lords as shadow business spokesman .
" David Cameron has also asked Lord Strathclyde , leader of the opposition in the House of Lords , to suspend the Conservative whip with immediate effect . "
False accounting charges Announcing the Crown Prosecution Service decision , Mr Starmer said : " In four cases , we have concluded that there is sufficient evidence to bring criminal charges and that it is in the public interest to charge the individuals concerned . "
Former minister Elliot Morley , MP for Scunthorpe , will face two charges in relation to a total of £ 30,000 of mortgage interest claims on a property in Winterton , Lincolnshire between 2004 and 2007 .
The charges allege he made claims " in excess of that to which he was entitled " and - for part of the period when " there was no longer a mortgage on that property " .
We totally refute any charges that we have committed an offence and we will defend our position robustly
Statement from Elliot Morley , David Chaytor and Jim Devine
MP Devine faces expenses charges David Chaytor , MP for Bury North , is accused of " dishonestly claiming " £ 1,950 for IT services and further sums of £ 12 , 925 and £ 5,425 relating to rent claims on properties which he and his mother allegedly owned .
Livingston MP
Jim Devine is accused of " dishonestly claiming " money for cleaning services and for stationery using false invoices .
Speaking outside his home he said it was the charges that were being brought were new and could be easily explained , adding : " I 'm absolutely distraught and astonished at the decision that 's been taken today . "
In a joint statement , the three MPs said they were " clearly extremely disappointed " that charges were being brought .
" We totally refute any charges that we have committed an offence and we will defend our position robustly , " the statement said .
" We are confident of our position and have been advised by eminent QCs . " ' Vigorously ' defend
They added that the issue should have been resolved by the Parliamentary Commissioner for standards and said while the expenses system had been " utterly discredited " they believed there had been " a complete inconsistency of approach to different individual cases " .
Paul White - the Conservative peer Lord Hanningfield - is accused of " dishonestly " submitting claims " for expenses to which he knew he was not entitled " - including overnight stays in London .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
He denies the charges and says he will " vigorously " defend himself against them adding : " All the claims I have ever made were made in good faith .
I have never claimed more in expenses than I have spent in the course of my duties .
" To avoid any embarrassment or distraction for my party , I am standing down from my frontbench duties in the House of Lords with immediate effect . "
The Conservatives said he had been suspended from the parliamentary party .
He has also quit as leader of Essex County Council .
David Chaytor and Elliot Morley were suspended from the parliamentary Labour party last May .
The solicitors acting for Lord Clarke said he was " hugely relieved that the nine month investigation into his claims under the House of Lords ' Allowances Scheme has ended at last , and that he has been cleared of having committed any criminal offence " .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Legal analyst Joshua Rozenberg told the BBC that Keir Starmer and the MPs ' joint statement implied that the issue of Parliamentary privilege might be used by defence lawyers .
It traditionally guarantees MPs and peers immunity from slander laws for statements in Parliamentary debate and also relates to access to the Parliamentary buildings .
But he said it appeared that lawyers had suggested it may extend to the charges faced - the MPs ' statement said it was " an issue that should be resolved by the parliamentary commissioner who is there to enforce any breach of the rules " .
In his statement Mr Starmer said : " We have considered that question and concluded that the applicability and extent of any Parliamentary privilege claimed should be tested in court . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Actor Danny Glover believes that the Haitian earthquake was caused by climate change and global warming Says Glover : “ When we see what we did at the climate summit in Copenhagen , , this is what happens , you know what I ’m sayin ’ ? ”
His obscene opinion would be bigger news if Glover had – in the manner of others – idiotically blamed a less - fashionable deity
1968 , Johnny Cash at Folsom Prison. , 1968 .
It was 1968 , and Johnny Cash was finally at a place in life where he was able to get a grip on his drug addictions — with the love and support of his wife June .
Johnny had always wanted to perform at Folsom — ever since he first recorded the tune Folsom Prison Blues back in 1957 for Sun Records .
After years of delays caused by management changes at Johnny ’s record label , and battles with his own personal demons , the time was finally right .
Backed by the legendary Carl Perkins , the Tennessee Three , not to mention June Carter Cash ( a musical dynamo in her own right ) , Johnny and company set out to California ’s Folsom Prison to put on one helluva show ( two shows actually ) for the penned - up boys in blue .
The resulting live album At Folsom Prison was a huge success that reignited Johnny Cash ’s career , and is an enduring classic that is hands - down required listening for all Johnny Cash , American Roots , and Country Western music fans .
From the moment you hear that “ Hello — I ’m Johnny Cash ” and that guitar — you ’re flat hooked , brother .
*
Johnny Cash at Folsom Prison , 1968 .
.
Johnny Cash at Folsom Prison , 1968 .
.
Johnny Cash performing onstage at Folsom Prison , 1968 .
.
From Inside Johnny Cash ’s Folsom Prison–
At Folsom Prison in 1968 , Johnny Cash gave a concert that would later famously give his fans a peek inside prison walls .
Gene Beley was at the prison the day the record , Johnny Cash at Folsom Prison , was made .
A friend had invited the young Ventura Star Free Press reporter to the concert , and Beley decided to bring along a tape recorder .
Beley ’s recording is familiar , but it ’s from an entirely new perspective : that of the audience .
In an excerpt from his essay about the event , published this fall in The Virginia Quarterly Review , Beley recalls the night before the concert :
We arrived at the El Rancho Motel and checked in .
Cash was nervous about the weather in Nashville .
He feared that the snow and ice would make it impossible for Carl Perkins , the Statler Brothers , the Tennessee Three , and Columbia ’s A&R man , Bob Johnston , to fly to Sacramento .
So he called Nashville and found they had left and were laid over in San Francisco .
While waiting for the others , we all met in one of our rooms .
Reverend Gressett said he had a favor to ask of John .
*
Johnny Cash at Folsom Prison with the Reverend Gressett , 1968
.
Johnny Cash at Folsom Prison , 1968
.
“ Johnny , I want you to hear a song written by Glen Sherley , an inmate in Folsom , serving five to life for armed robbery .
You ’ve been so busy that I have n’t had a chance to tell you about it but I thought if you could mention tomorrow that you ’ve heard the tape , it would please that ol ’ boy who wrote it . ”
“ Does anyone have a tape recorder ? ” Cash asked .
“ I do , ” I replied , and went to get the reel - to - reel Sony recorder that I had brought to record the concert for research purposes .
“ All right , this is a take on ‘ Greystone Chapel , ' ” a deep voice , similar to Cash ’s own voice , said on the tape .
Then the singing began :
Inside the walls of prison , my body may be ,
But the Lord has set my soul free …
*
Johnny Cash playing at Folsom Prison , 1968 .
.
Famous shot of Johnny Cash flipping the bird by Jim Marshall .
Johnny is warming up before the San Quentin Prison show in his blue jumpsuit and cowboy boots .
This one is for the warden !
.
As the lyrics filled the room , accompanied by a bass beat from the prisoner ’s guitar , Cash ’s usual straight - faced , deep - creased cheeks began changing to a smile , with his eyes glowing , radiating enthusiasm .
There ’s a Greystone chapel here at Folsom ,
A house of worship in this den of sin .
You would n’t think God had a place at Folsom ,
But he ’s saved the soul of many lost men .
When the tape was finished , Cash said , “ This has got to be recorded as a single , and I want to record it tomorrow on the album during the show . ”
Cash began scribbling the words down in a notebook and tried singing the phrase , while beating out the rhythm with one hand on his knee , the other hand tapping a pen on the desk .
*
Johnny Cash and June Carter at Folsom Prison , 1968 .
.
Johnny Cash at Folsom Prison , 1968 .
.
That evening Cash was dressed in a blue jumpsuit and cowboy boots when his A&R man Bob Johnston and the other performers arrived .
“ Do you ever work on a stool ? ” Johnston asked Cash .
“ Yes , that ’s what I plan to do , ” Cash said .
“ Are you going to have someone introduce you ? ”
“ I thought I ’d come out and introduce myself and sing . ”
“ Great ! ” exclaimed Johnston .
“ Come out and say , ‘ I ’m Johnny Cash ! ’
They ’ll go wild ! ”
Johnny Cash at Folsom Prison , 1968 .
.
Here ’s Johnny performing the classic Folsom Prison Blues on his 1970 ’s variety show –
*
Artist 's rendering of what HD 131488 's inner planetary system might look like as two large rocky bodies collide .
Inset illustrates the location of HD 131488 's dust belts ( top ) and comparable regions to our own Solar System ( bottom ) .
In the searchfor other planetary systems like Earth that are capable of hostingextraterrestrial life , scientists have come across some very alien systemsindeed .
But the latest ones have researchers truly perplexed .
Newobservations have found evidence for planet formation around stars much moremassive than the sun , as well as dusty debris ?
thought to be leftovers fromcollisions between rocky planetaryembryos .
There ?s a twist :
The dust has a completely different chemicalmakeup from the composition of ourown solar system .
These newfindings were presented this month at the 215th meeting of the AmericanAstronomical Society in Washington , D.C .
Aliendust
The strangedust that shows different chemical markers than what we find in our ownneighborhood is in a star system about 500 light - years from Earth .
The parentstar , known as HD 131488 , is surrounded by warm dust in a region called the terrestrialplanet zone , where the star heats dust to temperatures similar to thosefound on Earth .
Infraredimaging and spectroscopic measurements of the system , performed by the GeminiSouth Telescope in Chile , showed the unusual chemical composition .
" Typically , dust debris around other stars , or our own sun , is of the olivine , pyroxene , orsilica variety ?
minerals commonly found on Earth , " said Carl Melis , wholed the research while a graduate student at UCLA .
" The material orbiting HD 131488 is not one of these dust types .
We have yet to identify what speciesit is ?
it really appears to be a completely alien type of dust . "
Melis andhis team think that the most plausible explanation for the presence of the warmdust is a recent collision between two rocky planetary - mass bodies .
Colddust
While thewarm dust is located at a distance from HD 131488 comparable to that betweenthe Earth and the sun , Melis and his team also found cooler dust about 45 timesfarther out .
This distance is analogous to the Kuiper Belt in our own solarsystem .
The detection of both cold and warm dust around a young star isunusual , the team noted .
" Althoughdusty telltales of planetaryformation processes in the outer regions surrounding young stars have oftenbeen seen with infrared - sensitive space telescopes , for some reason stars thathave large amounts of orbiting warm dust do not also show evidence for thepresence of cold dust , " said Benjamin Zuckerman , also of UCLA .
" HD131488 dramatically breaks this pattern . "
The coolerdust likely did not result from planetarycollisions , and is instead probably the leftovers of planet formation thattook place farther away from the sun , Melis said .
HD 131488 joins five other stars with masses a few times larger than the sun that showevidence of dust in their terrestrial planet zones .
All five are young stars , around 10 million to 30 million years old ( the sun , by comparison , is 4.5 billion years old ) .
" Thisfinding indicates that the epoch of final catastrophic mass accretion forterrestrial planets , the likes of which could have resulted in the formation ofthe Earth - moon system in our own solar system , occurs in this narrow age rangefor stars somewhat more massive than our sun , " Melis said .
The teamplans to further study HD 131488 to try and determine what strange mineralsmake up its dust , as well as look for evidence of rocky planet formation aroundother stars .
Massivestars
More dustyevidence of planet - forming disks around other stars has also been found aroundstars that are much heftier than the sun .
XavierKoenig of the Harvard - Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics and his colleaguesexamined the star - forming region called W5 , which lies about 6,500 light - yearsaway in the constellation Cassiopeia .
They lookedat over 500 type A and B stars , which are stars about two to 15 times moremassive than the sun .
Around one - tenth of those stars , the astronomersfound evidence of dusty disks .
And of those , 15 disks showed signs of clearingthat suggest that newborn Jupiter - sized planet are sucking up some of the dustymaterial as they form .
" Wethink we 've found evidence for planets forming around stars twice the mass ofthe sun , and even bigger stars , " Koenig said .
Becausethese stars are only 2 million - to - 5 million years old ( our sun is middle - agedby comparison ) , and the fierce stellar winds from them are expected to rapidlydestroy any dust disks around them , the new findings indicate that planets mustform quickly or not at all ?
at least around more massive stars .
Theunfriendly nature of these possible planetary systems combined with the shortlifetimes of these stars ( around 10 million to 500 million years ) means thatthese systems are unlikely to harbor any higher forms of life .
" Thesestars are n't good targets in the hunt for extraterrestrials , " Koenig said .
But thesesystems will help astronomer to learn more about planet formation across thebroad range of stellar systems in our galaxy .
" Wewant to understand what kind of planets form in what stellar systems , " Koenig said .
And if the evidence his team found holds up , " this will tellus that planet formation is both a natural and common result of starformation , " he added .
Last night , once again , the animated FOX comedy Family Guy included a Star Trek reference .
This one was a Next Generation call out that may be a bit obscure for the mainstream , but shows again that Family Guy creator Seth MacFarlane is a Trekkie .
You can watch it below .
What kind of gift would Peter want
The reference came when the Griffin family was appearing on The Family Feud and Peter was asked to name a gift , here is the clip .
( via Hulu , USA only , sorry )
The gift of a flute that Peter is referring to is the ‘ Ressikan Flute ’ that Picard played in the classic Next Generation episode " The Inner Light " .
Picard learned to play the flute while living a lifetime while under the influence of an alien probe .
Here is the final scene after Picard has returned from the probe ’s control and is given the flute .
The flute would make a great gift .
The actual prop ( which actually does n’t work as a flute ) was sold at the Christies Star Trek auction in 2006 .
The estimated price was $ 1200 , but the winning bid was $ 40,000 .
Lot # 537 from the Christies 40 Year ’s of Star Trek Auction
Come On Paramount – let them do Wrath of Khan
Once again TrekMovie implores Paramount , CBS , Bad Robot , anyone , let Seth MacFarlane and Family Guy take a crack at Wrath of Khan .
They really want to do it and clearly love Trek , so why not do it ?
Published online 17 January 2010 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news.2010.15
News
Chaos theory eases the path of autonomous robots .
A touch of chaos could help robots get around .
P. Manoonpong et al .
Chaotic cockroaches may sound like the stuff of nightmares , but they could be key to making robots more adaptable .
The application of chaos theory to the mobility of robotic insects may also help biologists to understand animal motion and could have medical applications .
Autonomous robots designed to venture into hostile environments where humans cannot safely or easily tread must be able to adapt their motion to their surroundings — the rocky terrain of another planet , or a war zone , for instance .
But at the moment adding new behavioural patterns , such as a new walking gait , to a robot 's repertoire is cumbersome , says Marc Timme , a physicist at the Bernstein Center for Computational Neuroscience in Göttingen , Germany .
" Each new gait requires the addition of new hardware for a new controller to govern that behaviour , " explains Timme .
Any decision - making process then requires all controllers to co-ordinate their information , making the robot less efficient and versatile .
By contrast , in nature even primitive creatures such as cockroaches can control complicated motion quickly and with ease , despite having relatively few neurons , says Timme .
Inspired by the cockroach 's abilities , Timme and his colleagues have built a six - legged robot , named AMOS ( Advanced MObility Sensor driven ) , with 18 motors controlling leg movement and 18 sensors providing information about heat , light and contact with the ground .
The team 's aim was to fit AMOS with a single controlling processor that would allow it to adjust its walking pattern quickly and automatically in response to changes in its environment ( see Nature 's video ) .
Chaos control
To do so , the team turned to chaos theory , which describes how small changes in the input to a system can create a huge range of markedly different outputs — some of which are stable , others of which are not .
The team 's new processor , which is built from a circuit of just two ' neurons ' , uses a chaotic algorithm to generate and sort through possible output patterns on the basis of AMOS 's sensor - input data .
The processor quickly rejects unstable options before settling on a stable walking pattern .
" Chaos is not usually thought to be a good thing , but we have turned it upside down , using it constructively to stabilize motion , " says Timme .
Thanks to this chaos - control technique , AMOS can negotiate rough terrain , run away from predators ( see video ) and choose an energy - saving gait when walking uphill ( video here ) .
AMOS also uses chaos directly when it loses its footing ( see video ) .
" When one of its feet loses contact with the ground , chaotic behaviour takes over and it goes crazy " , trying out random combinations of gaits until it scrambles out , explains Timme .
The team has published its results online today in Nature Physics1 .
The idea can also be easily implemented in other existing systems .
" One can immediately use the same set - up for the single central pattern generator and its control in other robots , " says Timme .
In the mind
" The team has successfully handled multiple inputs from many sensors to generate extremely complex stable behaviour , " says Eckehard Schöll , an expert on chaos control at the Technical University of Berlin .
ADVERTISEMENT
The application of the technique to control autonomous robots by a simple neural circuit demonstrates that it could have many cross-disciplinary uses , including stabilizing harmful neuronal activity in people with epilepsy , Parkinson 's disease or migraines , says Schöll .
He and his colleagues are currently investigating excitation waves that are triggered in the brain prior to the onset of migraine2 .
" It 's our hypothesis that in healthy individuals there are feedback loops in the brain that suppress such waves , " says Schöll .
If so , it may be possible to use chaos control to suppress the waves by varying the intensity of light that patients are exposed to in a particular way .
Ansgar Büschges , a zoologist at the University of Cologne in Germany , is studying whether chaotic control could also be at play in real animals when they walk .
3
" One of the most prominent questions in neuroscience is how animals can do many things at once — for humans , walking , talking and carrying things , " he says .
The cockroach robot provides a specific model that biologists can test .
" We could now use neuronal imaging to see if a similar pattern of activity is seen in moving animals , " says Büschges .
' It Was Always Such a Nice Place ' Presence of Sex Offender Has Village on Tenterhooks
Following a ruling by a high court , the inhabitants of the village of Randerath , Germany will have to tolerate living alongside a man who spent 15 years in prison for rape and is still considered dangerous .
The case has grown into a battle of wills -- with the villagers on one side , and the convicted rapist 's family on the other .
The unthinkable has happened .
Bret Hart has reportedly signed a short - term contract to return to the WWE .
Reports indicate his contract begins on January 1 and runs through WrestleMania .
There are even some reports that speculate
Hart may actually wrestle one more match .
Yes , hell has frozen over in pro wrestling !
This could turn out to be the biggest pro wrestling story of the year .
This goes well beyond Hulk Hogan ’s deal with TNA Wrestling and almost makes the deal futile .
As big of a surprise as this is , it was just a few days ago on WWE RAW when Bret Hart ’s name was brought up as a WWE Guest Host .
The terms of the contract would indicate to me that Bret Hart will be guest hosting WWE RAW when WWE and TNA Wrestling go head - to - head on January 4 .
It was nice knowing you TNA !
I do n’t know what is more surprising about this situation , the fact that a contract is involved or the fact that Bret Hart may actually wrestle again ?
Hart is 52 - years old and has n’t wrestled in almost a decade .
Bret retired shortly after suffering a concussion against Bill Goldberg in 1999 .
The final death blow to Bret ’s career came in 2002 when he suffered a stroke .
Bret has made a miraculous recovery since suffering the stroke , yet has never talked about wrestling again .
The only times a possible match comes up is when Bret has said that he would like to wrestle Kurt Angle .
Other than that , nobody has ever expected Hart to wrestle again .
Hart has n’t appeared in a WWE ring since the infamous night in Montreal at Survivor Series 97 .
Hart signed a 20 - year contract with the WWE a year prior to the match .
Vince McMahon informed
Bret that he was releasing him from his deal at the time and Bret was free to go to WCW .
Bret signed a WCW deal while holding the WWE belt .
In a match with Shawn Michaels at Survivor Series , Vince McMahon , Michaels , and several others corroborated an effort to falsely lure Bret into doing a job for Michaels .
Bret ’s brother Owen died in a WWE ring a couple of years later in a tragic accident , which almost surely closed the door for any potential WWE return for Hart .
Hart started doing business with the WWE a few years back .
Hart first returned to work with the WWE on producing a DVD documentary about his career .
Hart participated in interviews and helped pick matches for the DVD .
Hart was later inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame in 2006 .
Unlike most Hall of Fame recipients ,
Hart did not appear the following day at WrestleMania .
Hart has recently talked about a potential return , but nothing seemed concrete until now .
There are many possibilities here for Bret Hart and the WWE .
At a time when older fans are losing interest in pro wrestling , this is exactly the kind of move that can give WWE a noticeable boost in ratings and business .
The obvious questions surround Bret ’s relationships with Triple H and Shawn Michaels .
Bret has softened a bit on HBK over the years , although he did request that Michaels not appear at his Hall of Fame induction .
Hart has never softened on Triple H and has repeatedly bashed Triple H over the years in interviews .
I would imagine that all parties sat down at some point to clear the air before signing a deal with Bret Hart .
It also looks like there is a very strong possibility that Bret Hart could be wrestling at WrestleMania .
There are really only two choices in my mind that make any sense .
Vince McMahon or Shawn Michaels are the obvious opponents for Bret Hart .
I ca n’t see them bringing him back and going any other way than one of those two men .
The history and back story will be enough on top of any new angles to put the WWE in a position to shatter records with either match .
Michaels challenge to the Undertaker at the Slammys could have been a diversion now that the news about Hart has gone public .
I do n’t know if TNA ’s shot had anything to do with this , but if so … thank you !
If you want to pass ccvp exam then you should make use of itil v3 dumps and a+ certification practice exams by actualtests .
Thanks to Prowrestling .
net for the tip !
Order the WWE DVD WWE – Bret “ Hitman ” Hart : The Best There Is , The Best There Was , The Best There Ever Will Be by clicking here .
Read more about Bret Hart ’s side of the story in his autobiography – Hitman : My Real Life in the Cartoon World of Wrestling by clicking here .
Read more about Shawn Michaels ’ side of the story and his confession in his autobiography – Heartbreak & Triumph : The Shawn Michaels Story by clicking here .
From the ring to your wall – WWE REAL .
BIG Wall Graphics on sale now at Fat Head !
( Visited 62 times , 1 visits today )
Eric G. Eric is the owner and editor - in - chief of the Camel Clutch Blog .
Eric has worked in the pro wrestling industry since 1995 as a ring announcer in ECW and a commentator / host on television , PPV , and home video .
Eric also hosted Pro Wrestling Radio on terrestrial radio from 1998 - 2009 .
Check out some of Eric 's work on his IMDB bio and Wikipedia .
Eric has an MBA from Temple University 's Fox School of Business .
More Posts - Website Follow Me :
An exotic type of symmetry -- suggested by string theory and theories of high - energy particle physics , and also conjectured for electrons in solids under certain conditions -- has been observed experimentally for the first time .
An international team , led by scientists from Oxford University , report in a recent article in Science how they spotted the symmetry , termed E8 , in the patterns formed by the magnetic spins in crystals of the material cobalt niobate , cooled to near absolute zero and subject to a powerful applied magnetic field .
The material contains cobalt atoms arranged in long chains and each atom acts like a tiny bar magnet that can point either ' up ' or ' down ' .
When a magnetic field is applied at right angles to the aligned spin directions , the spins can ' quantum tunnel ' between the ' up ' and ' down ' orientations .
At a precise value of the applied field these fluctuations ' melt ' the ferromagnetic order of the material resulting in a ' quantum critical ' state .
' You might expect to see random fluctuations of the spins at this critical point but what we uncovered was a remarkable structure in the resonances of the magnetic spins indicating a perfectly harmonious state , ' said Radu Coldea from Oxford University 's Department of Physics who led the team .
As the critical state was approached the researchers observed that the chain of atoms behaved like a ' magnetic guitar string ' .
Radu added : ' The tension comes from the interaction between spins causing them to magnetically resonate .
We found a series of resonant modes .
Close to the critical field the two lowest resonant frequencies approached closely the golden ratio 1.618 … , a characteristic signature of the predicted E8 symmetry . '
He is convinced that this is no coincidence and it reflects a subtle form of order present in the quantum system .
The resonant states seen experimentally in cobalt niobate may be our first glimpse of complex symmetries that can occur in the quantum world .
" The results suggest that similar ' hidden ' symmetries may also govern the physics of other materials near quantum critical points where electrons organize themselves according to quantum rules for strong interactions , ' Radu told us .
The research was supported by EPSRC and Radu aims to use a new EPSRC grant to explore the physics of materials near quantum criticality .
The team included Dr Radu Coldea , Dr Elisa Wheeler and Dr D Prabhakaran from Oxford University 's Department of Physics , as well as researchers from Helmholtz Zentrum Berlin , ISIS Rutherford Laboratory , and Bristol University .
The signature of a mathematical structure called E8 has been seen in the real world for the first time ( Illustration : Claudio Rocchini under a creative commons 2.5 licence )
A complex form of mathematical symmetry linked to string theory has been glimpsed in the real world for the first time , in laboratory experiments on exotic crystals .
Mathematicians discovered a complex 248 - dimensional symmetry called E8 in the late 1800s .
The dimensions in the structure are not necessarily spatial , like the three dimensions we live in , but they correspond to mathematical degrees of freedom , where each dimension represents a different variable .
In the 1970s , the symmetrical form turned up in calculations related to string theory , a candidate for the “ theory of everything ” that might explain all the forces in the universe .
But string theory still awaits experimental proof .
The structure is also the basis for another proposed theory of everything advanced in 2007 by surfer - physicist Garrett Lisi , who refers to E8 as “ perhaps the most beautiful structure in mathematics ” .
Advertisement
Now , physicists have detected the signature of E8 in a very different realm – experiments on super - chilled crystals .
Up or down
Radu Coldea of the University of Oxford and his colleagues chilled a crystal made of cobalt and niobium to 0.04 °C above absolute zero .
Atoms in the crystal are arranged in long , parallel chains .
Because of a quantum property called spin , electrons attached to the atom chains act like tiny bar magnets , each of which can only point up or down .
Strange things occurred when the experimenters applied a powerful 5.5 - Tesla magnetic field perpendicular to the direction of these electron “ magnets ” .
Patterns appeared spontaneously in the electron spins in the chains – in a simplified example with three electrons , the spins could read up - up - down or down - up - down , among other possibilities .
Each distinct pattern has a different energy associated with it .
The ratio of these different energy levels showed that the electron spins were ordering themselves according to mathematical relationships in E8 symmetry .
Complex symmetry
Alexander Zamolodchikov , currently at Rutgers University in Piscataway , New Jersey , pointed out in 1989 that the theoretically predicted energies of such systems match expectations from E8 symmetry .
But the underlying reason why is still mysterious .
Robert Konik of Brookhaven National Laboratory in Upton , New York , who was not involved in the experiment , says the fact that such a simple system – essentially consisting of one - dimensional chains of magnets – should display such complex symmetry is surprising .
“ Just sort of looking at the system , you would n’t necessarily expect it to occur , ” he told New Scientist .
It is “ remarkable ” to see this rather exotic piece of mathematics appear in the real world , he adds .
No link
Although E8 does show up in string theory calculations , observing the symmetry in magnetic crystal experiments does not provide any evidence for string theory itself , Konik says .
“ The fact that you see this particular symmetry in this spin chain does n’t say anything about string theory per se , ” he says .
“ The existence of this symmetry in a sense is sort of separate from any [ particular ] physical phenomenon . ”
For the same reason , the experiments also provide no backing for Lisi ’s proposed theory of everything , which is based on E8 , he adds .
Journal reference : Science ( DOI : 10.1126/science.1180085 )
Jaromir Jagr : “ I ’ve never seen a fight like this before ” ( Photo © khl.ru )
Jaromir Jagr , playing for Avangard Omsk of the KHL , spoke about the yesterday ’s massive brawl in the game against Vityaz Chekhov .
The game was canceled because there was not enough players to continue the match as the lion ’s share of them got game misconducts .
Jagr himself fought against Darcy Verot .
RussianHockeyFans.com offers you a translation of this Jagr interview to Sovsport.ru .
Jagr : “ I ’ve never seen anything like this before .
I have never even heard of such situations .
And of course it never happened in the NHL when I was playing there .
It just could n’t happen .
Why not ?
Jagr : “ The rules .
If players fight during the warm - up or jump from the bench to the ice during a fight they can get suspended for 20 games .
And it means losing a quarter of the salary .
To tell you more , the suspension can be even more severe — six months or a year .
No one would like to get a one - year suspension as a result of stupid behavior . ”
In your opinion , why did this brawl start ?
Jagr : “ Because their tough guy Darcy Verot threw the puck at one of our players .
Then he skated to another our player at the red line and speared him . ”
And how did it happen that you fought Verot ?
On the video there are you standing near Verot and in the next moment he punches you in the face .
As you were not ready for this punch you fell down .
Then you get up and got a grip on him .
It looked like Greco - Roman wrestling .
Jagr : “ If you ’re a tough guy you should respect the honor code .
There were people fighting around us and I was holding Verot .
Then he told me : “ Ok , we are done .
No fighting ” .
I released his hand and in a second he punched me in the face .
I did n’t see that coming and that ’s why I fell down . ”
That ’s just mean
Jagr : “ Yes .
But this is what kind of a person Verot is . ”
ZooBorns contributor ysaleth got this great shot of San Diego Zoo 's proud Koala Mom Orana giving a " bear " hug to joey Miah yesterday .
Despite the powerful grip , Koalas are not bears .
They are not placental or ' eutherian ' mammals , but marsupials , which means that their young are born immature & they develop further in the safety of a pouch .
It ’s incorrect to call them ‘ koala bears ' .
Their correct name is simply ' koalas ' .
There is a myth that koalas sleep a lot because they ‘ get drunk ’ on gumleaves .
Fortunately , this is not correct !
Most of their time is spent sleeping because it requires a lot of energy to digest their toxic , fibrous , low - nutrition diet and sleeping is the best way to conserve energy .
If John Hunter — a former physicist at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory — is successful , the International Space Station may start receiving their supplies from a cannon .
No , it 's no joke .
Advertisement
First postulated by Jules Verne in his novel From the Earth to the Moon , the idea of space cannons is not new .
Many engineers have toyed with the concept , but nobody has came up with an actual project that may work .
Hunter 's idea is simple : Build a cannon near the equator , submerged in the ocean , hooked to a floating rig .
At the cannon 's bottom there is a combustion chamber , which uses natural gas to heat hydrogen up to 2,600 ºF , increasing the pressure 500 % .
When released , the gas will launch a capsule with half a ton of material into space , at a swooshing 13,000 mph .
The project itself would only cost $ 500 million , which is a really stupid amount considering the potential benefits :
A system like this will cut launch costs from $ 5,000 per pound to only $ 250 per pound .
It wo n't launch people into space because of the excessive acceleration , but those guys at the ISS can use it to order pizza and real ice cream .
[ Popsci ]
Current legislation pending in Uganda ’s parliament would severely punish homosexuality , making it one of the harshest bills against homosexuals in the world , virtually annihilating all human rights for LGBT Ugandans .
Amnesty International is urging everyone to write their representatives to take action on this issue .
Do this effortlessly by clicking here .
Madame Speaker , Vice President Biden , Members of Congress , distinguished guests , and fellow Americans :
Our Constitution declares that from time to time , the President shall give to Congress information about the state of our union .
For two hundred and twenty years , our leaders have fulfilled this duty .
They have done so during periods of prosperity and tranquility .
And they have done so in the midst of war and depression ; at moments of great strife and great struggle .
It ’s tempting to look back on these moments and assume that our progress was inevitable – that America was always destined to succeed .
But when the Union was turned back at Bull Run and the Allies first landed at Omaha Beach , victory was very much in doubt .
When the market crashed on Black Tuesday and civil rights marchers were beaten on Bloody Sunday , the future was anything but certain .
These were times that tested the courage of our convictions , and the strength of our union .
And despite all our divisions and disagreements ; our hesitations and our fears ; America prevailed because we chose to move forward as one nation , and one people .
Again , we are tested .
And again , we must answer history ’s call .
One year ago , I took office amid two wars , an economy rocked by severe recession , a financial system on the verge of collapse , and a government deeply in debt .
Experts from across the political spectrum warned that if we did not act , we might face a second depression .
So we acted – immediately and aggressively .
And one year later , the worst of the storm has passed .
But the devastation remains .
One in ten Americans still cannot find work .
Many businesses have shuttered .
Home values have declined .
Small towns and rural communities have been hit especially hard .
For those who had already known poverty , life has become that much harder .
This recession has also compounded the burdens that America ’s families have been dealing with for decades – the burden of working harder and longer for less ; of being unable to save enough to retire or help kids with college .
So I know the anxieties that are out there right now .
They ’re not new .
These struggles are the reason I ran for President .
These struggles are what I ’ve witnessed for years in places like Elkhart , Indiana and Galesburg , Illinois .
I hear about them in the letters that I read each night .
The toughest to read are those written by children – asking why they have to move from their home , or when their mom or dad will be able to go back to work .
For these Americans and so many others , change has not come fast enough .
Some are frustrated ; some are angry .
They do n’t understand why it seems like bad behavior on Wall Street is rewarded but hard work on Main Street is n’t ; or why Washington has been unable or unwilling to solve any of our problems .
They are tired of the partisanship and the shouting and the pettiness .
They know we ca n’t afford it .
Not now .
So we face big and difficult challenges .
And what the American people hope – what they deserve – is for all of us , Democrats and Republicans , to work through our differences ; to overcome the numbing weight of our politics .
For while the people who sent us here have different backgrounds , different stories and different beliefs , the anxieties they face are the same .
The aspirations they hold are shared .
A job that pays the bills .
A chance to get ahead .
Most of all , the ability to give their children a better life .
You know what else they share ?
They share a stubborn resilience in the face of adversity .
After one of the most difficult years in our history , they remain busy building cars and teaching kids ; starting businesses and going back to school .
They ’re coaching little league and helping their neighbors .
As one woman wrote me , “ We are strained but hopeful , struggling but encouraged . ”
It is because of this spirit – this great decency and great strength – that I have never been more hopeful about America ’s future than I am tonight .
Despite our hardships , our union is strong .
We do not give up .
We do not quit .
We do not allow fear or division to break our spirit .
In this new decade , it ’s time the American people get a government that matches their decency ; that embodies their strength .
And tonight , I ’d like to talk about how together , we can deliver on that promise .
It begins with our economy .
Our most urgent task upon taking office was to shore up the same banks that helped cause this crisis .
It was not easy to do .
And if there ’s one thing that has unified Democrats and Republicans , it ’s that we all hated the bank bailout .
I hated it .
You hated it .
It was about as popular as a root canal .
But when I ran for President , I promised I would n’t just do what was popular – I would do what was necessary .
And if we had allowed the meltdown of the financial system , unemployment might be double what it is today .
More businesses would certainly have closed .
More homes would have surely been lost .
So I supported the last administration ’s efforts to create the financial rescue program .
And when we took the program over , we made it more transparent and accountable .
As a result , the markets are now stabilized , and we have recovered most of the money we spent on the banks .
To recover the rest , I have proposed a fee on the biggest banks .
I know Wall Street is n’t keen on this idea , but if these firms can afford to hand out big bonuses again , they can afford a modest fee to pay back the taxpayers who rescued them in their time of need .
As we stabilized the financial system , we also took steps to get our economy growing again , save as many jobs as possible , and help Americans who had become unemployed .
That ’s why we extended or increased unemployment benefits for more than 18 million Americans ; made health insurance 65 % cheaper for families who get their coverage through COBRA ; and passed 25 different tax cuts .
Let me repeat : we cut taxes .
We cut taxes for 95 % of working families .
We cut taxes for small businesses .
We cut taxes for first - time homebuyers .
We cut taxes for parents trying to care for their children .
We cut taxes for 8 million Americans paying for college .
As a result , millions of Americans had more to spend on gas , and food , and other necessities , all of which helped businesses keep more workers .
And we have n’t raised income taxes by a single dime on a single person .
Not a single dime .
Because of the steps we took , there are about two million Americans working right now who would otherwise be unemployed .
200,000 work in construction and clean energy .
300,000 are teachers and other education workers .
Tens of thousands are cops , firefighters , correctional officers , and first responders .
And we are on track to add another one and a half million jobs to this total by the end of the year .
The plan that has made all of this possible , from the tax cuts to the jobs , is the Recovery Act .
That ’s right – the Recovery Act , also known as the Stimulus Bill .
Economists on the left and the right say that this bill has helped saved jobs and avert disaster .
But you do n’t have to take their word for it .
Talk to the small business in Phoenix that will triple its workforce because of the Recovery Act .
Talk to the window manufacturer in Philadelphia who said he used to be skeptical about the Recovery Act , until he had to add two more work shifts just because of the business it created .
Talk to the single teacher raising two kids who was told by her principal in the last week of school that because of the Recovery Act , she would n’t be laid off after all .
There are stories like this all across America .
And after two years of recession , the economy is growing again .
Retirement funds have started to gain back some of their value .
Businesses are beginning to invest again , and slowly some are starting to hire again .
But I realize that for every success story , there are other stories , of men and women who wake up with the anguish of not knowing where their next paycheck will come from ; who send out resumes week after week and hear nothing in response .
That is why jobs must be our number one focus in 2010 , and that is why I am calling for a new jobs bill tonight .
Now , the true engine of job creation in this country will always be America ’s businesses .
But government can create the conditions necessary for businesses to expand and hire more workers .
We should start where most new jobs do – in small businesses , companies that begin when an entrepreneur takes a chance on a dream , or a worker decides its time she became her own boss .
Through sheer grit and determination , these companies have weathered the recession and are ready to grow .
But when you talk to small business owners in places like Allentown , Pennsylvania or Elyria , Ohio , you find out that even though banks on Wall Street are lending again , they are mostly lending to bigger companies .
But financing remains difficult for small business owners across the country .
So tonight , I ’m proposing that we take $ 30 billion of the money Wall Street banks have repaid and use it to help community banks give small businesses the credit they need to stay afloat .
I am also proposing a new small business tax credit – one that will go to over one million small businesses who hire new workers or raise wages .
While we ’re at it , let ’s also eliminate all capital gains taxes on small business investment ; and provide a tax incentive for all businesses , large and small , to invest in new plants and equipment .
Next , we can put Americans to work today building the infrastructure of tomorrow .
From the first railroads to the interstate highway system , our nation has always been built to compete .
There ’s no reason Europe or China should have the fastest trains , or the new factories that manufacture clean energy products .
Tomorrow , I ’ll visit Tampa , Florida , where workers will soon break ground on a new high - speed railroad funded by the Recovery Act .
There are projects like that all across this country that will create jobs and help our nation move goods , services , and information .
We should put more Americans to work building clean energy facilities , and give rebates to Americans who make their homes more energy efficient , which supports clean energy jobs .
And to encourage these and other businesses to stay within our borders , it ’s time to finally slash the tax breaks for companies that ship our jobs overseas and give those tax breaks to companies that create jobs in the United States of America .
The House has passed a jobs bill that includes some of these steps .
As the first order of business this year , I urge the Senate to do the same .
People are out of work .
They are hurting .
They need our help .
And I want a jobs bill on my desk without delay .
But the truth is , these steps still wo n’t make up for the seven million jobs we ’ve lost over the last two years .
The only way to move to full employment is to lay a new foundation for long - term economic growth , and finally address the problems that America ’s families have confronted for years .
We cannot afford another so - called economic “ expansion ” like the one from last decade – what some call the “ lost decade ” – where jobs grew more slowly than during any prior expansion ; where the income of the average American household declined while the cost of health care and tuition reached record highs ; where prosperity was built on a housing bubble and financial speculation .
From the day I took office , I have been told that addressing our larger challenges is too ambitious – that such efforts would be too contentious , that our political system is too gridlocked , and that we should just put things on hold for awhile .
For those who make these claims , I have one simple question :
How long should we wait ?
How long should America put its future on hold ?
You see , Washington has been telling us to wait for decades , even as the problems have grown worse .
Meanwhile , China ’s not waiting to revamp its economy .
Germany ’s not waiting .
India ’s not waiting .
These nations are n’t standing still .
These nations are n’t playing for second place .
They ’re putting more emphasis on math and science .
They ’re rebuilding their infrastructure .
They are making serious investments in clean energy because they want those jobs .
Well I do not accept second - place for the United States of America .
As hard as it may be , as uncomfortable and contentious as the debates may be , it ’s time to get serious about fixing the problems that are hampering our growth .
One place to start is serious financial reform .
Look , I am not interested in punishing banks , I ’m interested in protecting our economy .
A strong , healthy financial market makes it possible for businesses to access credit and create new jobs .
It channels the savings of families into investments that raise incomes .
But that can only happen if we guard against the same recklessness that nearly brought down our entire economy .
We need to make sure consumers and middle - class families have the information they need to make financial decisions .
We ca n’t allow financial institutions , including those that take your deposits , to take risks that threaten the whole economy .
The House has already passed financial reform with many of these changes .
And the lobbyists are already trying to kill it .
Well , we can not let them win this fight .
And if the bill that ends up on my desk does not meet the test of real reform , I will send it back .
Next , we need to encourage American innovation .
Last year , we made the largest investment in basic research funding in history – an investment that could lead to the world ’s cheapest solar cells or treatment that kills cancer cells but leaves healthy ones untouched .
And no area is more ripe for such innovation than energy .
You can see the results of last year ’s investment in clean energy – in the North Carolina company that will create 1200 jobs nationwide helping to make advanced batteries ; or in the California business that will put 1,000 people to work making solar panels .
But to create more of these clean energy jobs , we need more production , more efficiency , more incentives .
That means building a new generation of safe , clean nuclear power plants in this country .
It means making tough decisions about opening new offshore areas for oil and gas development .
It means continued investment in advanced biofuels and clean coal technologies .
And yes , it means passing a comprehensive energy and climate bill with incentives that will finally make clean energy the profitable kind of energy in America .
I am grateful to the House for passing such a bill last year .
This year , I am eager to help advance the bipartisan effort in the Senate .
I know there have been questions about whether we can afford such changes in a tough economy ; and I know that there are those who disagree with the overwhelming scientific evidence on climate change .
But even if you doubt the evidence , providing incentives for energy efficiency and clean energy are the right thing to do for our future – because the nation that leads the clean energy economy will be the nation that leads the global economy .
And America must be that nation .
Third , we need to export more of our goods .
Because the more products we make and sell to other countries , the more jobs we support right here in America .
So tonight , we set a new goal :
We will double our exports over the next five years , an increase that will support two million jobs in America .
To help meet this goal , we ’re launching a National Export Initiative that will help farmers and small businesses increase their exports , and reform export controls consistent with national security .
We have to seek new markets aggressively , just as our competitors are .
If America sits on the sidelines while other nations sign trade deals , we will lose the chance to create jobs on our shores .
But realizing those benefits also means enforcing those agreements so our trading partners play by the rules .
And that ’s why we will continue to shape a Doha trade agreement that opens global markets , and why we will strengthen our trade relations in Asia and with key partners like South Korea , Panama , and Colombia .
Fourth , we need to invest in the skills and education of our people .
This year , we have broken through the stalemate between left and right by launching a national competition to improve our schools .
The idea here is simple : instead of rewarding failure , we only reward success .
Instead of funding the status quo , we only invest in reform – reform that raises student achievement , inspires students to excel in math and science , and turns around failing schools that steal the future of too many young Americans , from rural communities to inner-cities .
In the 21st century , one of the best anti-poverty programs is a world - class education .
In this country , the success of our children cannot depend more on where they live than their potential .
When we renew the Elementary and Secondary Education Act , we will work with Congress to expand these reforms to all fifty states .
Still , in this economy , a high school diploma no longer guarantees a good job .
I urge the Senate to follow the House and pass a bill that will revitalize our community colleges , which are a career pathway to the children of so many working families .
To make college more affordable , this bill will finally end the unwarranted taxpayer - subsidies that go to banks for student loans .
Instead , let ’s take that money and give families a $ 10,000 tax credit for four years of college and increase Pell Grants .
And let ’s tell another one million students that when they graduate , they will be required to pay only ten percent of their income on student loans , and all of their debt will be forgiven after twenty years – and forgiven after ten years if they choose a career in public service .
Because in the United States of America , no one should go broke because they chose to go to college .
And it ’s time for colleges and universities to get serious about cutting their own costs – because they too have a responsibility to help solve this problem .
Now , the price of college tuition is just one of the burdens facing the middle - class .
That ’s why last year I asked Vice President Biden to chair a task force on Middle - Class Families .
That ’s why we ’re nearly doubling the child care tax credit , and making it easier to save for retirement by giving every worker access to a retirement account and expanding the tax credit for those who start a nest egg .
That ’s why we ’re working to lift the value of a family ’s single largest investment – their home .
The steps we took last year to shore up the housing market have allowed millions of Americans to take out new loans and save an average of $ 1,500 on mortgage payments .
This year , we will step up re-financing so that homeowners can move into more affordable mortgages .
And it is precisely to relieve the burden on middle - class families that we still need health insurance reform .
Now let ’s be clear – I did not choose to tackle this issue to get some legislative victory under my belt .
And by now it should be fairly obvious that I did n’t take on health care because it was good politics .
I took on health care because of the stories I ’ve heard from Americans with pre-existing conditions whose lives depend on getting coverage ; patients who ’ve been denied coverage ; and families – even those with insurance – who are just one illness away from financial ruin .
After nearly a century of trying , we are closer than ever to bringing more security to the lives of so many Americans .
The approach we ’ve taken would protect every American from the worst practices of the insurance industry .
It would give small businesses and uninsured Americans a chance to choose an affordable health care plan in a competitive market .
It would require every insurance plan to cover preventive care .
And by the way , I want to acknowledge our First Lady , Michelle Obama , who this year is creating a national movement to tackle the epidemic of childhood obesity and make our kids healthier .
Our approach would preserve the right of Americans who have insurance to keep their doctor and their plan .
It would reduce costs and premiums for millions of families and businesses .
And according to the Congressional Budget Office – the independent organization that both parties have cited as the official scorekeeper for Congress – our approach would bring down the deficit by as much as $ 1 trillion over the next two decades .
Still , this is a complex issue , and the longer it was debated , the more skeptical people became .
I take my share of the blame for not explaining it more clearly to the American people .
And I know that with all the lobbying and horse - trading , this process left most Americans wondering what ’s in it for them .
But I also know this problem is not going away .
By the time I ’m finished speaking tonight , more Americans will have lost their health insurance .
Millions will lose it this year .
Our deficit will grow .
Premiums will go up .
Patients will be denied the care they need .
Small business owners will continue to drop coverage altogether .
I will not walk away from these Americans , and neither should the people in this chamber .
As temperatures cool , I want everyone to take another look at the plan we ’ve proposed .
There ’s a reason why many doctors , nurses , and health care experts who know our system best consider this approach a vast improvement over the status quo .
But if anyone from either party has a better approach that will bring down premiums , bring down the deficit , cover the uninsured , strengthen Medicare for seniors , and stop insurance company abuses , let me know .
Here ’s what I ask of Congress , though : Do not walk away from reform .
Not now .
Not when we are so close .
Let us find a way to come together and finish the job for the American people .
Now , even as health care reform would reduce our deficit , it ’s not enough to dig us out of a massive fiscal hole in which we find ourselves .
It ’s a challenge that makes all others that much harder to solve , and one that ’s been subject to a lot of political posturing .
So let me start the discussion of government spending by setting the record straight .
At the beginning of the last decade , America had a budget surplus of over $ 200 billion .
By the time I took office , we had a one year deficit of over $ 1 trillion and projected deficits of $ 8 trillion over the next decade .
Most of this was the result of not paying for two wars , two tax cuts , and an expensive prescription drug program .
On top of that , the effects of the recession put a $ 3 trillion hole in our budget .
That was before I walked in the door .
Now if we had taken office in ordinary times , I would have liked nothing more than to start bringing down the deficit .
But we took office amid a crisis , and our efforts to prevent a second Depression have added another $ 1 trillion to our national debt .
I am absolutely convinced that was the right thing to do .
But families across the country are tightening their belts and making tough decisions .
The federal government should do the same .
So tonight , I ’m proposing specific steps to pay for the $ 1 trillion that it took to rescue the economy last year .
Starting in 2011 , we are prepared to freeze government spending for three years .
Spending related to our national security , Medicare , Medicaid , and Social Security will not be affected .
But all other discretionary government programs will .
Like any cash - strapped family , we will work within a budget to invest in what we need and sacrifice what we do n’t .
And if I have to enforce this discipline by veto , I will .
We will continue to go through the budget line by line to eliminate programs that we ca n’t afford and do n’t work .
We ’ve already identified $ 20 billion in savings for next year .
To help working families , we will extend our middle - class tax cuts .
But at a time of record deficits , we will not continue tax cuts for oil companies , investment fund managers , and those making over $ 250,000 a year .
We just ca n’t afford it .
Now , even after paying for what we spent on my watch , we will still face the massive deficit we had when I took office .
More importantly , the cost of Medicare , Medicaid , and Social Security will continue to skyrocket .
That ’s why I ’ve called for a bipartisan , Fiscal Commission , modeled on a proposal by Republican Judd Gregg and Democrat Kent Conrad .
This ca n’t be one of those Washington gimmicks that lets us pretend we solved a problem .
The Commission will have to provide a specific set of solutions by a certain deadline .
Yesterday , the Senate blocked a bill that would have created this commission .
So I will issue an executive order that will allow us to go forward , because I refuse to pass this problem on to another generation of Americans .
And when the vote comes tomorrow , the Senate should restore the pay - as - you - go law that was a big reason why we had record surpluses in the 1990s .
I know that some in my own party will argue that we cannot address the deficit or freeze government spending when so many are still hurting .
I agree , which is why this freeze will not take effect until next year , when the economy is stronger .
But understand – if we do not take meaningful steps to rein in our debt , it could damage our markets , increase the cost of borrowing , and jeopardize our recovery – all of which could have an even worse effect on our job growth and family incomes .
From some on the right , I expect we ’ll hear a different argument – that if we just make fewer investments in our people , extend tax cuts for wealthier Americans , eliminate more regulations , and maintain the status quo on health care , our deficits will go away .
The problem is , that ’s what we did for eight years .
That ’s what helped lead us into this crisis .
It ’s what helped lead to these deficits .
And we can not do it again .
Rather than fight the same tired battles that have dominated Washington for decades , it ’s time to try something new .
Let ’s invest in our people without leaving them a mountain of debt .
Let ’s meet our responsibility to the citizens who sent us here .
Let ’s try common sense .
To do that , we have to recognize that we face more than a deficit of dollars right now .
We face a deficit of trust – deep and corrosive doubts about how Washington works that have been growing for years .
To close that credibility gap we must take action on both ends of Pennsylvania Avenue to end the outsized influence of lobbyists ; to do our work openly ; and to give our people the government they deserve .
That ’s what I came to Washington to do .
That ’s why – for the first time in history – my Administration posts our White House visitors online .
And that ’s why we ’ve excluded lobbyists from policy - making jobs or seats on federal boards and commissions .
But we ca n’t stop there .
It ’s time to require lobbyists to disclose each contact they make on behalf of a client with my Administration or Congress .
And it ’s time to put strict limits on the contributions that lobbyists give to candidates for federal office .
Last week , the Supreme Court reversed a century of law to open the floodgates for special interests – including foreign corporations – to spend without limit in our elections .
Well I do n’t think American elections should be bankrolled by America ’s most powerful interests , or worse , by foreign entities .
They should be decided by the American people , and that ’s why I ’m urging Democrats and Republicans to pass a bill that helps to right this wrong .
I ’m also calling on Congress to continue down the path of earmark reform .
You have trimmed some of this spending and embraced some meaningful change .
But restoring the public trust demands more .
For example , some members of Congress post some earmark requests online .
Tonight , I ’m calling on Congress to publish all earmark requests on a single website before there ’s a vote so that the American people can see how their money is being spent .
Of course , none of these reforms will even happen if we do n’t also reform how we work with one another .
Now , I am not naïve .
I never thought the mere fact of my election would usher in peace , harmony , and some post - partisan era .
I knew that both parties have fed divisions that are deeply entrenched .
And on some issues , there are simply philosophical differences that will always cause us to part ways .
These disagreements , about the role of government in our lives , about our national priorities and our national security , have been taking place for over two hundred years .
They are the very essence of our democracy .
But what frustrates the American people is a Washington where every day is Election Day .
We cannot wage a perpetual campaign where the only goal is to see who can get the most embarrassing headlines about their opponent – a belief that if you lose , I win .
Neither party should delay or obstruct every single bill just because they can .
The confirmation of well - qualified public servants should not be held hostage to the pet projects or grudges of a few individual Senators .
Washington may think that saying anything about the other side , no matter how false , is just part of the game .
But it is precisely such politics that has stopped either party from helping the American people .
Worse yet , it is sowing further division among our citizens and further distrust in our government .
So no , I will not give up on changing the tone of our politics .
I know it ’s an election year .
And after last week , it is clear that campaign fever has come even earlier than usual .
But we still need to govern .
To Democrats , I would remind you that we still have the largest majority in decades , and the people expect us to solve some problems , not run for the hills .
And if the Republican leadership is going to insist that sixty votes in the Senate are required to do any business at all in this town , then the responsibility to govern is now yours as well .
Just saying no to everything may be good short - term politics , but it ’s not leadership .
We were sent here to serve our citizens , not our ambitions .
So let ’s show the American people that we can do it together .
This week , I ’ll be addressing a meeting of the House Republicans .
And I would like to begin monthly meetings with both the Democratic and Republican leadership .
I know you ca n’t wait .
Throughout our history , no issue has united this country more than our security .
Sadly , some of the unity we felt after 9/11 has dissipated .
We can argue all we want about who ’s to blame for this , but I am not interested in re-litigating the past .
I know that all of us love this country .
All of us are committed to its defense .
So let ’s put aside the schoolyard taunts about who is tough .
Let ’s reject the false choice between protecting our people and upholding our values .
Let ’s leave behind the fear and division , and do what it takes to defend our nation and forge a more hopeful future – for America and the world .
That is the work we began last year .
Since the day I took office , we have renewed our focus on the terrorists who threaten our nation .
We have made substantial investments in our homeland security and disrupted plots that threatened to take American lives .
We are filling unacceptable gaps revealed by the failed Christmas attack , with better airline security , and swifter action on our intelligence .
We have prohibited torture and strengthened partnerships from the Pacific to South Asia to the Arabian Peninsula .
And in the last year , hundreds of Al Qaeda ’s fighters and affiliates , including many senior leaders , have been captured or killed – far more than in 2008 .
In Afghanistan , we are increasing our troops and training Afghan Security Forces so they can begin to take the lead in July of 2011 , and our troops can begin to come home .
We will reward good governance , reduce corruption , and support the rights of all Afghans – men and women alike .
We are joined by allies and partners who have increased their own commitment , and who will come together tomorrow in London to reaffirm our common purpose .
There will be difficult days ahead .
But I am confident we will succeed .
As we take the fight to al Qaeda , we are responsibly leaving Iraq to its people .
As a candidate , I promised that I would end this war , and that is what I am doing as President .
We will have all of our combat troops out of Iraq by the end of this August .
We will support the Iraqi government as they hold elections , and continue to partner with the Iraqi people to promote regional peace and prosperity .
But make no mistake : this war is ending , and all of our troops are coming home .
Tonight , all of our men and women in uniform -- in Iraq , Afghanistan , and around the world – must know that they have our respect , our gratitude , and our full support .
And just as they must have the resources they need in war , we all have a responsibility to support them when they come home .
That is why we made the largest increase in investments for veterans in decades .
That is why we are building a 21st century VA .
And that is why Michelle has joined with Jill Biden to forge a national commitment to support military families .
Even as we prosecute two wars , we are also confronting perhaps the greatest danger to the American people – the threat of nuclear weapons .
I have embraced the vision of John F. Kennedy and Ronald Reagan through a strategy that reverses the spread of these weapons , and seeks a world without them .
To reduce our stockpiles and launchers , while ensuring our deterrent , the United States and Russia are completing negotiations on the farthest - reaching arms control treaty in nearly two decades .
And at April ’s Nuclear Security Summit , we will bring forty - four nations together behind a clear goal : securing all vulnerable nuclear materials around the world in four years , so that they never fall into the hands of terrorists .
These diplomatic efforts have also strengthened our hand in dealing with those nations that insist on violating international agreements in pursuit of these weapons .
That is why North Korea now faces increased isolation , and stronger sanctions – sanctions that are being vigorously enforced .
That is why the international community is more united , and the Islamic Republic of Iran is more isolated .
And as Iran ’s leaders continue to ignore their obligations , there should be no doubt : they , too , will face growing consequences .
That is the leadership that we are providing – engagement that advances the common security and prosperity of all people .
We are working through the G - 20 to sustain a lasting global recovery .
We are working with Muslim communities around the world to promote science , education and innovation .
We have gone from a bystander to a leader in the fight against climate change .
We are helping developing countries to feed themselves , and continuing the fight against HIV / AIDS .
And we are launching a new initiative that will give us the capacity to respond faster and more effectively to bio-terrorism or an infectious disease – a plan that will counter threats at home , and strengthen public health abroad .
As we have for over sixty years , America takes these actions because our destiny is connected to those beyond our shores .
But we also do it because it is right .
That is why , as we meet here tonight , over 10,000 Americans are working with many nations to help the people of Haiti recover and rebuild .
That is why we stand with the girl who yearns to go to school in Afghanistan ; we support the human rights of the women marching through the streets of Iran ; and we advocate for the young man denied a job by corruption in Guinea .
For America must always stand on the side of freedom and human dignity .
Abroad , America ’s greatest source of strength has always been our ideals .
The same is true at home .
We find unity in our incredible diversity , drawing on the promise enshrined in our Constitution : the notion that we are all created equal , that no matter who you are or what you look like , if you abide by the law you should be protected by it ; that if you adhere to our common values you should be treated no different than anyone else .
We must continually renew this promise .
My Administration has a Civil Rights Division that is once again prosecuting civil rights violations and employment discrimination .
We finally strengthened our laws to protect against crimes driven by hate .
This year , I will work with Congress and our military to finally repeal the law that denies gay Americans the right to serve the country they love because of who they are .
We are going to crack down on violations of equal pay laws – so that women get equal pay for an equal day ’s work .
And we should continue the work of fixing our broken immigration system – to secure our borders , enforce our laws , and ensure that everyone who plays by the rules can contribute to our economy and enrich our nations .
In the end , it is our ideals , our values , that built America – values that allowed us to forge a nation made up of immigrants from every corner of the globe ; values that drive our citizens still .
Every day , Americans meet their responsibilities to their families and their employers .
Time and again , they lend a hand to their neighbors and give back to their country .
They take pride in their labor , and are generous in spirit .
These are n’t Republican values or Democratic values they ’re living by ; business values or labor values .
They are American values .
Unfortunately , too many of our citizens have lost faith that our biggest institutions – our corporations , our media , and yes , our government – still reflect these same values .
Each of these institutions are full of honorable men and women doing important work that helps our country prosper .
But each time a CEO rewards himself for failure , or a banker puts the rest of us at risk for his own selfish gain , people ’s doubts grow .
Each time lobbyists game the system or politicians tear each other down instead of lifting this country up , we lose faith .
The more that TV pundits reduce serious debates into silly arguments , and big issues into sound bites , our citizens turn away .
No wonder there ’s so much cynicism out there .
No wonder there ’s so much disappointment .
I campaigned on the promise of change – change we can believe in , the slogan went .
And right now , I know there are many Americans who are n’t sure if they still believe we can change – or at least , that I can deliver it .
But remember this – I never suggested that change would be easy , or that I can do it alone .
Democracy in a nation of three hundred million people can be noisy and messy and complicated .
And when you try to do big things and make big changes , it stirs passions and controversy .
That ’s just how it is .
Those of us in public office can respond to this reality by playing it safe and avoid telling hard truths .
We can do what ’s necessary to keep our poll numbers high , and get through the next election instead of doing what ’s best for the next generation .
But I also know this : if people had made that decision fifty years ago or one hundred years ago or two hundred years ago , we would n’t be here tonight .
The only reason we are is because generations of Americans were unafraid to do what was hard ; to do what was needed even when success was uncertain ; to do what it took to keep the dream of this nation alive for their children and grandchildren .
Our administration has had some political setbacks this year , and some of them were deserved .
But I wake up every day knowing that they are nothing compared to the setbacks that families all across this country have faced this year .
And what keeps me going – what keeps me fighting – is that despite all these setbacks , that spirit of determination and optimism – that fundamental decency that has always been at the core of the American people – lives on .
It lives on in the struggling small business owner who wrote to me of his company , “ None of us , ” he said , “ … are willing to consider , even slightly , that we might fail . ”
It lives on in the woman who said that even though she and her neighbors have felt the pain of recession , “ We are strong .
We are resilient .
We are American . ”
It lives on in the 8 - year old boy in Louisiana , who just sent me his allowance and asked if I would give it to the people of Haiti .
And it lives on in all the Americans who ’ve dropped everything to go some place they ’ve never been and pull people they ’ve never known from rubble , prompting chants of “ U.S.A .!
U.S.A.! U.S.A ! ” when another life was saved .
The spirit that has sustained this nation for more than two centuries lives on in you , its people .
We have finished a difficult year .
We have come through a difficult decade .
But a new year has come .
A new decade stretches before us .
We do n’t quit .
I do n’t quit .
Let ’s seize this moment – to start anew , to carry the dream forward , and to strengthen our union once more .
Thank you .
God Bless You .
And God Bless the United States of America .
If you want to know what made your Black Friday sale into a success , you need to make sure you 're analyzing all the data you need in Google Analytics .
Steps
Any questions ?
With the Steam holiday sale blitzing everyone 's wallets , there are plenty of people trying to find hard drive space to store all of their new games ( seriously , S.T.A.L.K.E.R. for only $ 1.99 , Mirror 's Edge for $ 4.99 ) .
One of the quirks with Steam is that it only allows users to install games to the same drive that Steam resides on .
For many , that is their main C : drive , which often fills up quickly .
I will detail the process used to move 3rd party games to another drive .
This will be for Windows 7 and Vista ( Windows XP users click here ) .
Click here for details on moving Valve 's games ( Team Fortress 2 , Half Life 2 , etc . ) .
Both drives must be formatted with the NTFS file system .
This moves the actual game files , not saved files that may be in different folders .
Create a folder named Steam2 on your additional storage drive ( remember , the drive must be formatted NTFS ) .
Putting the folder in the root of the drive will make it easier to run the commands later .
Example : D : \Steam2 Locate your Steam install folder .
Examples : Windows 7 / Vista 64 - bit - C: \Program Files ( x86 ) \Steam \Windows 7 / Vista 32 - bit - C: \Program Files \Steam \Next , locatein your Steam install folder .
This is where 3rd party game installs are neatly kept in their own folders .
Select the game folders you wish to move and then select CUT .
Go to the Steam2 folder created in step 1 and click PASTE .
This will move the folders and files for each game over to your spare storage and remove them from the original drive .
The next step will link these moved folders back to their old locations so that Steam can find and use them .
Open a command prompt
With the prompt open , use the mklink / J command for each game that you moved .
The mklink command creates a link to the moved folder .
The syntax is as follows : mklink = the ' make link ' command / J = the junction prefix , which creates the link between folderslink = the file path to the folder that needs to be linked totarget = the file path to the folder that has the data in itExample using BioShock on Windows 7 64 - bit :* It is important to note the quotations used around the file paths , as the command line does not like spaces or special characters
When this completes correctly , you should see : Comment below or send an email to heartlessgamer _at_ gmail _dot_ com .
A WOMAN told a jury her priest made her say 10 Hail Marys as penance after he abused her in a confessional room .
Father Maeliosa O Hauallachain ( 72 ) , of Seafield Road , Killiney , Co Dublin , pleaded not guilty to three charges of indecent assault on dates between July 31 , 1981 , and August 2 , 1982 , when the complainant was between 13 and 14 years old .
The Louth woman , who is now 42 , told Dublin Circuit Criminal Court yesterday that the priest abused her and told her not to tell anyone .
She told the court she started drinking heavily by the time she was 15 and would self harm and bathe herself in Savlon ( an antiseptic cream ) .
" I felt terrible , dirty ; felt there was a smell off my body .
My behaviour deteriorated somewhat .
I knew it was wrong , " she said .
The woman told of how Fr O Hauallachain was manipulating her and how he had power over her .
" I was afraid of him .
I felt if I broke my silence , God would harm me , " the complainant said .
She said the first assault happened before she went to Fr O Hauallachain to say her confession .
Sinned
She knelt down beside a screen and had just said " bless me Father , for I have sinned " when Fr O Hauallachain " popped his head around and said ' Ah , it 's yourself ' . "
He then took her around the other side of the screen and sat her on his knee .
She continued to discuss some issues she was having before he put his arm around her and kissed her on the lips .
She said Fr O Hauallachain then got up and locked the door of the confession room .
He started to touch her breasts and kissed her on the lips .
" He put my hand into the pocket of his habit and made me play with his penis .
" He then told me to say 10 Hail Marys for my penance and not to tell anyone what happened , " the woman told the jury .
" Like a fool , I went out and said the Hail Marys .
I felt so bad and ashamed of what had just happened in the house of God , " she continued .
She said that the abuse continued when Fr O Hauallachain would " persuade " her into a room in the priory and touch her inside her underwear .
She said he would kiss her using his tongue and make her masturbate him .
She said the same type of abuse would happen in this room in the priory most Sundays and sometimes as she was passing on her way home , up until the age of 15 .
The complainant described how , on some occasions , O Hauallachain was not wearing any underwear under his robes .
The trial continues .
Irish Independent
Gordon Brown said the government was helping to minimise unemployment Gordon Brown has been criticised after it was revealed the taxpayer - owned Royal Bank of Scotland is funding the takeover of Cadbury by a US company .
Liberal Democrat leader Nick Clegg said it was " plain wrong " the bank was lending money to Kraft , as its takeover could end up costing UK jobs .
Labour MP Tony Wright called the £ 11.5 bn takeover plan an " outrage " .
But , during prime minister 's questions , Mr Brown said the government would do " everything we can " to protect jobs .
Kraft , the maker of Philadelphia cheese , announced on Tuesday that it had the backing of the Cadbury board for a revised 840 p per share offer , which would end the independence of the British confectionery company dating back to 1824 .
' Huge opposition ' RBS is 84 % - owned by taxpayers after being bailed out by the government .
During heated exchanges in the House of Commons , Mr Clegg said : " When British taxpayers bailed out the banks , they would never have believed that their money would now be used to put British people out of work .
Is n't that just plain wrong ? "
He said it was wrong for RBS to lend money to Kraft while British businesses struggled for credit .
Gutted .
That sums up the way I feel about Kraft 's takeover of Cadbury
Liam Byrne , Treasury minister Mr Clegg told MPs : " Last month [ Business Secretary ]
Lord Mandelson declared that the government would mount a huge opposition to Kraft 's takeover of Cadbury 's .
" So why is it that Royal Bank of Scotland - which is owned by this government - should now want to lend vast amounts of our money to Kraft to fund that takeover ? "
Mr Brown said : " If you are really suggesting that the government can step in and avoid any takeover that is taking place in this country and just do it overnight , and then tell a bank that it has got to deprive a particular company by government diktat , then your liberal principles seem to have gone to the wall . "
He also said : " There is no government that is doing more to try and protect jobs and increase jobs in this country . "
Mr Wright , MP for Cannock Chase , said City minister Lord Myners had recently complained it was " becoming too easy for good British companies to be taken over by foreign predators " .
He added : " Now that we have had the outrage of Cadbury 's , do you agree ? " ' Distinctly British ' Mr Brown said Cadbury employed thousands of people in the UK , adding : " It is a very important company for the future of this country .
" We are seeking assurance and have received information from Kraft about the importance they attach to the Cadbury workforce , to the Cadbury name and the Cadbury quality in the United Kingdom .
" We hope that the Kraft owners will make sure that Cadbury workers - the 5,500 - can retain their jobs and make sure that new investment goes into a product that is distinctly British and is sold throughout the world .
" So we will do everything we can to make sure that jobs and investment are maintained in Britain . "
Mr Brown also highlighted official figures , released on Wednesday , which showed unemployment had fallen for the first time in almost two years and fewer people were claiming the jobseeker 's allowance .
' Silver lining ' Liberal Democrat Treasury spokesman Vince Cable later wrote to Lord Mandelson telling him it was " perverse " for the largely state - owned RBS to be funding the takeover of Cadbury .
He said : " Cadbury is a national institution which provides thousands of jobs in the UK and there is a real danger its takeover by Kraft will lead to job losses . "
On his blog , Treasury minister Liam Byrne , whose Birmingham Hodge Hill constituency is near Cadbury 's Bournville plant , said : " Gutted .
That sums up the way I feel about Kraft 's takeover of Cadbury .
" So many of my friends , constituents and party members work there that today could never be anything other than a very , very sad day . "
However , he added : " But our job now is to push hard to make sure Cadbury 's goes from strength to new strength , wins in new markets and grows jobs here in Birmingham .
That 's the way we 'll seize a silver lining in Cadbury 's iconic purple wrappers . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Skip to comments .
" What should we DO about Islam ?
What should be our strategy be for dealing with this threat ? "
self
Posted on by ventanax5
" What should we DO about Islam ?
What should be our strategy be for dealing with this threat ? "
TOPICS :
Foreign Affairs
News / Current Events
Philosophy
War on Terror
KEYWORDS :
missinglink
vanity
Comment # 1 Removed by Moderator
To : ventanax5
These 5 articles make some recommendations .
Not perfect but a start
To : ventanax5
What did we do with Nazism ?
by 3 posted onby Man50D ( Fair Tax , you earn it , you keep it ! www.FairTaxNation.com)
To : ventanax5
My church is sending missionaries to Morocco to help rebuild homes destroyed in a earthquake .
People are responding .
To : ventanax5
5th article link http://townhall.com/columnists/DianaWest/2006/07/14/connecting_the_dots_on_islam
To : ventanax5
Another tactic is to support the many brave people in the Islamic world who convert to Christianity .
Islam cannot compete with the truth of the Gospel , which is why Islamic nations allow no freedom of religion or evangelism by other religions , and seek to kill or drive out any Christians within their jurisdictions .
Organizations like Voice of the Martyrs give aid to persecuted Christians .
http://www.persecution.com/
To : ventanax5
I think Ann Coulter had a great suggestion : “ We should invade their countries , kill their leaders and convert them to Christianity . ”
by 7 posted onby killermosquito ( Buffalo ( and eventually France ) is what you get when liberalism runs its course . )
To : ventanax5
We should not handle the Muslim problem as we mishandled WWII .
We should ... fill the strategic oil reserves
eliminate obstacles to domestic oil and gas production
withdraw all troops from foreign lands
secure our borders
trade with the world , but avoid all other entanglements
To : luckystarmom
Prayer Rugs -R- Us ?
24 - 7 Kuran House ?
They Will Not Relent .
Convert or Die is Their Cry !
by 9 posted onby bravotu ( Have a Nice Day !)
To : ventanax5
Reagan already covered this .
“ We win , they lose ” .
To : ventanax5
Revoke VISA ’s and allow no more immigration ‘ till man-made - disasters pass
by 11 posted onby Son House ( The Learning Curve for Democrats on Macroeconomics is getting Exponential )
To : killermosquito
There are roughly a billion people imprisoned within the Islamic ummah .
We can't conquer them all , and converting people by force never leads to true repentance .
There are people in the Islamic world already trying to bring truth to the people .
We should give them all the aid we can .
This is much cheaper and less costly in American lives than war .
To : bravotu
At least one of their counties wants a nuke .
I think that we should give them a few , via ICBM , of course .
by 13 posted onby benewton ( Life sucks , then you die )
To : ventanax5
Well , I 'll give credit to Harry Truman , the only Rat president I consider to be a man of respect :
He gave THE example of how to deal with a maniacal group of religious extremists ( August , 1945 ) .
Even then , it took two bombs , but the f*cke *s learned .
Afghanistan should have been reduced to a mushroom cloud on 09/12/2001 .
by 14 posted onby GOPsterinMA ( " Henceforth , you shall be known as ...' Nobel Obama ' " . )
To : ventanax5
" " What should we DO about Islam ?
What should be our strategy be for dealing with this threat ? " "
Do you want the PC way , or the way that will work ?
The first and foremost thing will be to get the muslim - in - chief out of the Oval Office ( a.k.a .
" The Lewinsky Room " ) - nothing will be done until that happens .
As soon as you get that done , get back to me on the next step .
by 15 posted onby FrankR ( SENATE :
You cram it down our throats in '09 , We 'll shove it up your ass in ' 10 ... count on it . )
To : ventanax5
On a purely practical level , we have to refuse to permit the application of sharia in our societies and the development of Muslim enclaves governed by Muslim law , and we must teach against it in our schools .
It is a system of slavery and we have no business permitting it or encouraging it .
On an intellectual level , we must argue with it .
Islam has nothing .
It has no intellectual tradition , no philosophy , and no art or music , simply because it is a death - dealing cult that is hostile to human life .
One of the problems is that it is difficult to argue against a cult that has nothing , because its members can’t argue back and they really do n’t care anyway .
A cult whose proudest cry is that they love death is so irrational it ’s hard to know where we can begin .
But for the sake of our own citizens ( of the West and the non-Islamic world ) , we have to insist on the values of our Greco - Roman / Judeo - Christian intellectual world .
Finally , on a practical level , all Muslims who are not citizens should be returned to their home countries , and those who are citizens should be given no special treatment and should have to accept the way we live ... or go find a Muslim country to live in .
In the meanwhile , since Islam loves death and is always plotting ways to inflict it , we have to be vigilant and increase our physical defenses .
Until Islam is exterminated , even if we get it out of our countries , it will hover at the borders of civilization and remain a constant threat .
There ’s only room for one of us in this world ; we ’d be willing to tolerate Islam , but it ’s very nature makes it impossible for it to tolerate anything but itself and to want anything less than total domination .
So we must constantly be preparing ourselves for the battle , first by defending ourselves and by fighting the small skirmishes that will no doubt arise .
And at some point , I have no doubt that we are going to be faced with a real , physical struggle to the death .
To : GOPsterinMA
quote — Afghanistan should have been reduced to a mushroom cloud on 09/12/2001 .
— end quote Green glass works for me !!
To : ventanax5
The Islamic people are INCOMPATIBLE with our way of life , period !
They do not assimilate in any western country .
They overpopulate to conquer and make demands for accommodation beyond any other peoples .
We should rid ourselves of all of them and never , ever allow them access to any western country .
Comment # 19 Removed by Moderator
To : ventanax5 ; Man50D
We should offer muslims the same choice that they offer us .
Convert to christianity .
or we kill them .
by 20 posted onby Ouderkirk ( Democrats : the party of Slavery , Segregation , Sodomy and Sedition )
Disclaimer : Opinions posted on Free Republic are those of the individual posters and do not necessarily represent the opinion of Free Republic or its management .
All materials posted herein are protected by copyright law and the exemption for fair use of copyrighted works .
FreeRepublic , LLC , PO BOX 9771 , FRESNO , CA 93794
FreeRepublic.com is powered by software copyright 2000 - 2008 John Robinson
Guidance will include advice to set up role - play activities specially designed to interest the youngest boys , such as builders taking phone messages
Nurseries and childminders are to be told to encourage three - and four - year - old boys to write using materials such as chocolate powder and coloured sand in a bid to stop them falling behind girls , it emerged today .
Government guidance being sent out next month will include advice to set up role - play activities specially designed to interest the youngest boys , such as builders taking phone messages and writing up instructions , post office workers filling in forms , and waiters taking orders .
It is designed to tackle the " stubborn " gender gap among young children .
According to official data , more than one in six boys cannot write his own name or simple words such as " mum " , " dad " or " cat " after a year of school .
Half as many girls have the same problem .
Boys will also be encouraged to make marks on the floor and walls outside .
The Department for Children , Schools and Families said : " Some boys do n't enjoy writing or see it as relevant – but teachers and practitioners can make it fun and relevant .
The guidance will offer practical examples about how to do this .
" Because boys do n't seem to be as interested as girls in drawing and mark - making , it is important that practitioners ensure that this does n't then result in limited access to resources such as paper , crayons , paint etc , and insufficient opportunities or encouragement for boys to write . "
Writing targets for five - year - olds have come under fire from child development specialists , who argue that many children , especially boys , do not develop the fine motor skills needed for writing until they are six or seven .
The controversial Early Years Foundation Stage ( EYFS ) introduced last September – the so - called nappy curriculum – includes 69 " learning goals " that children are expected to reach by the time they begin school aged five .
Figures published in the summer showed that girls outperformed boys at most levels at that age , with 78 % of them able to hold a pencil and write recognisable letters , compared with 62 % of boys .
Almost three - quarters of girls could write a simple shopping list , or a letter to Father Christmas , but only 55 % of boys could do so at the same age .
1 2 3 next »
Health Check : FreeBSD - " The unknown giant "
by Richard Hillesley
FreeBSD is the most accessible and popular of the BSDs , has code at the heart of Darwin and Apple 's OS X , and has powered some of the more successful sites on the Web , including Hotmail , Netcraft and Yahoo ! , which before the rise of Google was the busiest site on the internet .
FreeBSD rose from the ashes of 386BSD , the original effort to port BSD to the Intel chip , and claims a code lineage that reaches back to Bill Joy 's Berkeley Software Distribution of the late seventies .
The 386BSD port was begun in 1989 by Bill and Lynne Jolitz , and was destined to be the original free Unix - like operating system for the IBM PC .
The first public release of 386BSD ( Version 0.0 ) was on St. Patrick 's Day , 1991 , accompanied by a series of articles in Dr Dobbs journal , which documented the process .
The first functional release of 386BSD was Version 0.1 , which was released on Bastille Day , 1992 .
FreeBSD emerged in 1993 , after the self - imposed task of supporting 386BSD on their own had proved too much for Bill and Lynne Jolitz .
The patchkit which had been the underpinning for the BSD port to the 386 was revived and became the basis for the first FreeBSD release .
A rose is a rose
FreeBSD is Unix by any other name , and is admired and trusted by sysadmins and programmers around the world for its solidity and strength , and is also used internally by government agencies and many technology companies , as a developer and server platform .
Cisco , for instance , maintains its own internal FreeBSD distribution for use in its next generation networking products .
The advantage over Linux for such companies is that the BSD license is permissive , and allows companies to incorporate proprietary code and protect their ' IP ' , while taking advantage of the virtues of open source software .
For legal reasons FreeBSD cannot call itself Unix , but for much of its history , ( with a code revision history stretching back to 1978 ) , FreeBSD could claim to be the most sophisticated and technically advanced Unix - like operating system available on commodity servers running Intel or AMD chips .
During the nineties FreeBSD established itself in many sectors as the server operating system for web and ftp servers .
It was known for its speed , reliability and years of uptime for the likes of Yahoo ! and Walnut Creek , who were serving up terabytes of data before and during the dotcom boom .
This period culminated in the release of FreeBSD 4.0 , which was widely known as the most sturdy and reliable of server platforms .
The tradition continues .
Although the BSDs have never received the publicity or support that Linux has found among industry leaders such as IBM or HP , they can still claim to rival Linux among certain classes of user , with Unix roots and a healthy craving for the old - fashioned virtues of security and reliability .
FreeBSD remains a favoured operating system for web hosting services .
In Netcraft 's survey of the most reliable Web hosting companies for May 2009 FreeBSD was the host operating system for three of the top five .
But just as FreeBSD has always found a natural home on ftp and web servers , FreeBSD also forms a large part of the underlying code for millions of desktop operating systems ( courtesy of Apple 's OS X ) , runs Linux applications natively ( courtesy of a Linux binary compatibility layer ) , and is often used as a developer workstation on laptops or PCs .
The devil is in the daemon , and in Apple 's choice of Darwin as the name for the evolutionary version of OS X .
The two horned devil which is the BSD mascot is sometimes known as Beastie , ( which is supposed to sound like BSD when said quickly ) , and was chosen to represent the smooth operation of the daemons or background processes that run on BSD servers , but – if we are to believe the tale of the Daemon and the Texan , which first appeared on Usenet circa 1989 and told of the encounter between Linda Branigan and a Texan – not everyone gets .
it .
The Texan took exception to the Beastie on her t- shirt and asked ,
" Does the government use these devil computers ? "
Next : Cometh the hour
1 2 3 next »
Print Version | Permalink : http://h-online.com/-920248
The Inuit people who live in and around the Arctic are among the worst victims of global warming , and scientists are now turning to their experience and indigenous knowledge to understand the staggering effects of climate change .
" The Arctic is at the epicentre of climate change .
Inuit traditions and subsistence practices have already been assaulted , " stated the Inuit Circumpolar Council ( ICC ) in a call for action at the 15th Conference of Parties ( CoP15 ) to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change , underway in the Danish capital .
" Government leaders at CoP15 must take the strongest possible measures to protect our Arctic homeland , " read the call for action from the ICC , which represents approximately 160,000 Inuit living in Greenland , Russia , Canada and the United States .
Not only are political leaders around the world not doing enough to limit global warming , but also the best of mainstream science still cannot properly predict the impact of climate change in the Arctic .
This is one reason why researchers are turning to the experience of the Inuit themselves to read the signs of global warming .
ICC researchers and veteran polar explorers like Will Steger , among others , have started interviewing Inuit hunters , fishermen and farmers in an attempt to mix mainstream science with traditional knowledge to better understand nature .
The Inuit , who know the weather and relief patterns and see the alterations brought about by global warming with their own eyes , are also being included in mapping exercises to precisely gain local effects of climate change .
The involvement of the Inuit is crucial also because alterations brought on by climate change increase the chances of intervention in their lifestyle - impossible a decade ago .
Kasper Brandt , an Inuit hunter from Greenland , told researchers from ICC that a barometer used for generations in his family " does not have faith in the weather anymore . "
" The Inuit no longer have the same mobility that they used to , as a consequence of modernisation in their lifestyle , so they are not as flexible to adapt to the changes in weather patterns , " explained Lene Holm , ICC Greenland 's director for environment , here on Saturday .
Temperatures in the extreme north are rising faster than elsewhere around the world , causing ice to melt at an accelerated pace .
In turn , this has led to a shortening of the hunting season , with negative impacts on livelihood provision .
The air has become more humid in spring , making it more difficult to keep up with the traditional practice of drying fish
Changes in the Arctic region will affect not just the Inuit .
Alarm bells are sounding about the melting of the Siberian permafrost , leading to the release of massive quantities of greenhouse gases ( GhG ) into the atmosphere , further accelerating anthropogenic global warming .
And the melting of the ice sheet in Greenland could raise sea levels by seven meters , explained environmental biologist Stephen Schneider from Stanford University , in Copenhagen on Saturday .
Schneider , also a leading climate change scientist , said current research is insufficient to clearly understand the correlation between global temperature increase and sea level rise , and said he doubted that drastic changes could be prevented .
Using a metaphor , Schneider said that reaching the tipping point at which a seven meter rise in sea level can occur is like going towards the top of a hill after which the bus will uncontrollably go down .
" The problem is that while we assume that the bus is driven by a professional driver , it 's actually being driven by some quarrelling teenagers , " Schneider commented .
• This article was shared by our content partner IPS , part of the Guardian Environment Network
PORTLAND , Ore. ( WOMENSENEWS )
–The homicide patterns of this city appear to be mirroring a national trend .
Here , the Oregonian newspaper reported recently that homicides in 2009 declined to the lowest level – 21 – in almost 40 years , according to preliminary FBI reports .
That stands in shocking contrast to a recent spate of domestic violence that between Nov. 5 and Dec. 2 , 2009 , claimed 18 lives in Portland .
Eight male suspects committed suicide ; seven women died in homicides ; two young children were shot along side their mothers ; and an adult son died trying unsuccessfully to protect his mother .
In every case , the murder weapon was a gun .
Like Portland , many cities are proudly announcing falling crime rates .
So are states .
FBI figures indicate law - enforcement agencies throughout the nation reporting a decrease of 4.4 percent in the number of violent crime offenses for the first six months of 2009 , compared with the same period in 2008 .
The violent crime category includes murder , forcible rape , robbery and aggravated assault .
Nationwide , FBI statistics for 2009 show a 10 percent decrease in murders .
However , what FBI reports did n’t , and do n’t , track as a separate category , as it does with so - called hate crimes , are the total number of domestic violence homicides and suicides , including children and co-workers who are caught in the crossfire .
The most recent data available on the Justice Department ’s Web site are from 2005 and indicate a slight uptick in domestic violence homicides that year to a total of 1,510 intimate homicide victims .
The Justice Department , however , does not provide information on the total number of victims in domestic violence homicides –including suicides , the children of the victims and witnesses .
Thus , no reliable measure is publicly available to track national current trends .
However , telephone calls to state anti-violence coalitions , backed up by calls to the Washington , D.C. - based National Network to End Domestic Violence , reveal a disturbing trend .
Violence Up in Many States
Last year Utah had one of the deadliest years in recent history of domestic violence deaths .
The Utah Domestic Violence Coalition estimates there were 27 domestic violence - related homicides in the state in 2009 .
In 2008 , it documented 22 ; in 2007 , 18 ; in 2006 , 29 .
In Wisconsin , there were 36 domestic violence deaths in 2008 ; current figures indicate 59 deaths in 2009 .
Coalition members at Wisconsin ’s Coalition Against Domestic
Violence say it ’s the largest increase in homicides they ’ve seen in years .
In the District of Columbia , there was one more DV homicide in 2009 ( 21 ) than the 20 homicides in 2008 .
In New Hampshire , there was a spike in domestic violence fatalities –suicides involving husbands and wives–across the state , according to Maureen McDonald , director of the New Hampshire Coalition Against Domestic and Sexual Violence .
" Domestic violence homicides account for 37 percent of the total homicides so far this year , " she said .
The Kansas Coalition reports that 2009 saw 130 total homicides in that state .
Of those deaths , 34 adults and 14 children ( under 18 ) were domestic violence - related –the second - highest numbers since 1992 .
In Maryland , 75 individuals were killed in domestic - violence related crimes , according to the Maryland Network Against Domestic Violence , compared to 52 deaths in 2008 .
In Pennsylvania there were 198 domestic violence - related fatalities , according to the Pennsylvania Coalition Against Domestic Violence .
" And that ’s counting the victims , the perpetrator , children killed , anyone involved that was killed , " said Judy Yupcavage , the organization ’s public policy and information manager .
In Philadelphia in 2009 , two more killings are being investigated and are likely to be added to the total of 35 domestic violence - related deaths .
Twenty - one of the 35 domestic homicide victims had made a total of 178 calls to the police and some victims had restraining orders against the individuals suspected or convicted of killing them .
According to the Philadelphia Inquirer , the city ’s overall homicide rate dropped 23 percent but domestic homicides were up by 67 percent–and that ’s without counting suicides and other related deaths .
Why the Violence ?
The reasons behind the increased violence ?
Brian Namey , communications director at the National Network to End Domestic Violence , says distress from the economy does n’t create batterers but has caused an dramatic increase in both frequency and severity in " all corners of the country . "
" It ’s like pouring gas on a fire , " Namey said .
" The economy does n’t cause it but it can make it worse .
There ’s a much higher demand for services and funding has decreased . "
Namey said shelters and state coalitions across the country have been reporting dramatic increases in not only increased homicides - suicides but also overall more requests for services .
The National Network to End Domestic Violence is asking Congress to restore the Family Violence Prevention and Services Act budget , which was reduced by $ 2.1 million in 2008 .
A May 2009 survey published for the Mary Kay Foundation found that 3 out of 4 domestic violence shelters across the country sought an increase in assistance from September 2008 .
In a poll of more than 600 shelters nationwide , 73 percent attributed the rise in abuse to " financial issues . "
" Stress " and " job loss " ( 61 percent and 49 percent , respectively ) were listed as contributing factors in the reported increase in domestic violence cases involving women .
An increase in the number of shelters reporting women seeking help because of domestic violence since September 2008 , according to the survey , broke down as follows :
The region with the largest reported increase was the South ( 78 percent ) ;
The Midwest reported a 74 percent increase ;
The Northeast reported a 72 percent increase ;
The West reported a 71 percent increase
The survey also inquired about the cause(s ) for the increase in domestic violence cases across regions .
It found :
Seventy - five percent of shelters in the West reported " financial issues ; "
Approximately 66 percent of respondents in the Midwest noted " stress ; "
More than half of respondents ( 53 percent ) in the South reported " job loss ; "
The " loss of a home or vehicle " was reported more often in the Midwest than other regions , with 44 percent ; the Northeast had the lowest with 35 percent ;
Reasons more commonly associated with domestic violence , such as " substance abuse " and " relationship challenges , " also contributed to the increase in domestic violence shelter assistance in each region , according to the survey .
Judith Spitzer is an award - winning journalist who lives and writes in the Pacific Northwest .
She is currently working on a book about police - perpetrated domestic violence .
For more information :
Department of Justice Crime Report :
http://www.fbi.gov/ucr/2009prelimsem/table_4.html
Note : Women ’s eNews is not responsible for the content of external Internet sites and the contents of site the link points to may change .
Intel Fourth - Quarter Net Income $ 2.3 billion , Up 875 %
Fourth - Quarter Results Revenue $ 10.6 Billion , up $ 2.3 Billion and 28 % Year - over - Year
Record Gross Margin of 65 % , up 12 Points Year - over - Year
Operating Income $ 2.5 Billion , up $ 958 Million and 62 % Year - over - Year
Net Income $ 2.3 Billion , up $ 2.0 Billion and 875 % Year - over - Year
EPS 40 Cents , up 36 Cents Year - over - Year Fourth - Quarter Results , Excluding the Settlement Agreement with AMD Non-GAAP Operating Income $ 3.7 Billion , up $ 2.2 Billion and 143 % Year - over - Year
Non-GAAP Net Income $ 3.1 Billion , up $ 2.3 Billion and 267 % Year - over - Year
Non-GAAP EPS 55 Cents , up 40 Cents Year - over - Year SANTA CLARA , Calif. , Jan. 14 , 2010 – Intel Corporation today reported fourth - quarter revenue of $ 10.6 billion .
The company reported operating income of $ 2.5 billion , net income of $ 2.3 billion and EPS of 40 cents .
For 2009 Intel posted revenue of $ 35.1 billion .
The company reported full - year operating income of $ 5.7 billion , net income of $ 4.4 billion and EPS of 77 cents .
The company generated more than $ 11 billion in cash from operations and paid cash dividends of $ 3.1 billion .
" Intel 's strong 2009 results reflect our investment in industry - leading manufacturing and product innovation , " said Paul Otellini , Intel president and CEO .
" This strategy has enabled us to generate unprecedented operating efficiencies while growing our traditional businesses and creating exciting new market opportunities , even in difficult economic times .
Our ability to weather this business cycle demonstrates that microprocessors are indispensable in our modern world .
Looking forward , we plan to deliver the benefits of computing to an expanding set of products , markets and customers . "
View earnings commentary from Intel CFO Stacy Smith at 1:30 p.m. pacific time
To read the complete earnings release , click here .
BEIJING — Akio Toyoda 's visit to Beijing reflects the importance for Toyota Motor Corp. of containing damage to its reputation in China 's huge market , where the Japanese company was struggling even before its recent recall problems .
The 53 - year - old Toyota president and grandson of the company 's founder is expected to hold a press conference in the Chinese capital Monday evening to address quality concerns , the company said .
He also is expected to meet with high - level government officials to remind them of the company 's commitment ...
Lori Gottlieb is a 43 - year - old single parent who desperately wants to be married .
And she 's not ashamed to say so .
She first aired her existential angst in an inflammatory 2007 essay for the Atlantic magazine called Marry Him !
The Case For Settling For Mr Good Enough , in which she wrote , " Every woman I know – no matter how successful and ambitious , how financially and emotionally secure – feels panic , occasionally coupled with desperation , if she hits 30 and finds herself unmarried . "
That may have been a fate worse than death in 1950 , but to put forward the same argument in 2007 seemed bizarre .
Yet Gottlieb did her best to help her fellow singletons out of this hole .
" My advice is this : settle !
That 's right .
Do n't worry about passion or intense connection .
Do n't nix a guy based on his annoying habit of yelling ' Bravo ! ' in movie theatres .
Overlook his halitosis or abysmal sense of aesthetics .
Because if you want to have the infrastructure in place to have a family , settling is the way to go . "
Whether it was a fixable problem like bad dress sense or the ­arguably more problematic absence of chemistry , she was uncompromising about compromising .
Her point was essentially an ancient bromide ( do n't wait for perfection because you 'll be ­waiting for ever ) dressed up as provocative 21st - century polemic .
Even so , the article caused a sensation .
In the weeks after publication , ­Gottlieb ­received more than 3,000 emails .
While some married ­couples were grateful to be ­portrayed for once as hard - headed realists rather than dopey romantics , many more c­orrespondents called her " pathetic " , " desperate " and " sad " .
It 's hard to imagine how this funny , self - ­deprecating woman could have provoked such outrage , but Gottlieb has a theory .
" In our culture , we never want to admit how badly we want to be in a ­relationship because it makes us sound needy or weak , " she says .
Although she is anything but ­repentant ; indeed , she has now expanded her original thesis into a whole book that looks set to turn her into a hate figure all over again .
The hullabaloo that followed the original piece gave her profile a nice­ ­upswing ( ­actor Tobey Maguire bought the film rights ) , but resentment bubbled away in the blogosphere .
It 's not hard to see why .
Anti­cipating that some women would n't buy into her apocalyptic scenario , Gottlieb had written , " If you say you 're not worried , either you 're in denial or you 're lying .
Take a good look in the mirror and try to convince yourself that you 're not ­worried , because you 'll see how silly your face looks when you 're being disingenuous . "
" What 's Lori Gottlieb smoking ? " Moe Tkacik wrote on the website Jezebel .
" She has a kid with an anonymous sperm donor and is 40 and really fucking lonely .
Her looks have faded and the men she broke up with in her 30s because they were short / boring / rude to waiters / physically ­unattractive are looking ' real ' good around now . "
And feministing .com called the article anti-­feminist porn .
" It 's pure crap , mixed in with a little sour grapes , " wrote one blogger .
" I 'm betting it makes Gottlieb – who is so clearly dissatisfied with her life – just nuts that there are all these ' disingenuously ' happy single women out there . "
The vehemence of the backlash impelled ­Gottlieb to make a deeper investigation .
The ­result is her book , an anxiety - provoking 322 pages filled with personal anecdotes about the ones who got away and , in the case of some of her friends , the ones who wound up " good enough " to marry , ­interwoven with interviews with ­relationship ­experts – academics , professional matchmakers , dating coaches , even a rabbi .
So does settling mean lowering expec­tations ?
" I do n't think people should lower their expectations at all , " Gottlieb says .
" People need to look for qualities that are important , like shared values , kindness , responsibility .
A lot of us instead get hung up on the fact that somebody has red hair . "
She 's not kidding .
In the book , Gottlieb recounts dozens of times she dissed a man because he was n't intellectual enough , or " cool enough " , or wore a bow tie , or liked sports ( " A turn - off " ) or had a nerdy name like Sheldon .
" People get pickier and pickier about trivial things , and lose sight of the really important things that people who are long married will tell you have kept them together . "
When her essay was published , few could see why Gottlieb – who had a successful career and was mother to a young son – felt such a frantic need to get married at all , but it was the realities of single parenting that had brought home to her the ­practical advantages of marriage .
Gottlieb was raised by a ­" traditional " mother and stockbroker father in Beverly Hills .
Her parents have been " happily married " for more than 45 years , but she does not regard them as ­exemplary , because " most of us want an egali­tarian marriage when it comes to gender roles . "
It sounds sensible .
And yet Gottlieb wrote in her original essay , " To the ­outside world , we still call ourselves feminists and insist that we 're independent and self - sufficient and do n't believe in that damsel - in - distress stuff , but in ­reality , we are n't fish who can do without a bicycle , we 're women who want a traditional family . "
The betrayal many women felt at hearing a highly educated , sophisticated woman say she was unhappy at being unmarried reverberated throughout the media .
" I felt misunderstood , " Gottlieb says of the backlash .
" There was something very vulnerable about me saying I really would have done my life differently ; and to be ­attacked for that honesty was hurtful . "
In the book , Gottlieb refers to the statistic that started it all : it came from a 1986 Newsweek ­article , The Marriage Crunch , that infamously ­reported that a 40 - year - old single woman was " more likely to be killed by a terrorist " than get married .
Though the study turned out to be wrong ( when Newsweek revisited the story 20 years later , " new data " showed that a 40 - year - old woman had a 40 % chance of getting married ) , Gottlieb still hammers home the point : " Less than half of women over 40 will ever marry . "
Then she serves up a few more choice statistics : that there are 28 million single women over 35 in the US , and 18 million men ; that this forms a ­" reverse power curve " ( read : men have options , women become desperate ) ; that men want to ( and can ) marry younger women ; that older men are more jaded and have more baggage ; and that " the longer you wait , the less likely you are to find someone better than you 've already met " .
Some have accused her of promoting ageism .
" I always found it offensive that men had this thing about dating younger women , " she says .
" It was n't until I had my kid that I realised younger people tend to be more appealing – they 're more optimistic , they do n't have 15 years of bad dates behind them , they 're less eager to get married . "
Oh , and they 're still fertile .
If this sounds like fear - mongering , that 's because it is .
Gottlieb wants to issue a wake - up call to women everywhere to find a man , any man , and " put the infrastructure in place " to start a family as soon as possible .
And she knows that many women will find her message hard to stomach .
" I had so much trouble even at my age accepting it , but I came to realise that I 'd rather look at the data and know what the situation is , so I can make more informed choices .
Knowledge can be scary , but knowledge can also be power . "
Chapter three of her book is titled How Feminism Fucked Up My Love Life .
" Feminism as a social movement is a great thing , " she says , " but unfortunately a lot of women grew up thinking the ' we can have it all ' mentality was feminism . "
The way she sees it , this version of feminism has hurt women by inflating their egos and giving them a false sense of what they deserve .
" Part of it comes from the media and the movies .
Everything we see is always women telling each other how ­fabulous they are and that they deserve the best .
It happens in real life , too .
Your friend will say , ' Do n't you think I can do better ? ' and we say , ' You go , girl ; go for the best ! ' even though we know maybe this guy is the best she can get . "
And , she adds , neither are we honest with ourselves : " We think , ' Oh , I 'm so unique and special ' and in our romantic fantasies we think that some guy is going to see us for how uniquely special we are , when most of us are pretty ordinary . "
Gottlieb admits that in her essay she was ­" venting " in the way she might with friends and that much of it was " hyperbolic " .
Now she says , " You absolutely have to fall in love with the person and be attracted to them – this is not about giving up romance – but you have to have some flexibility of what that romance is going to be like .
We 're not all going to end up with Johnny Depp . "
Some of us might have to settle for the guy in the bow tie .
Rather than the perfect 10 , Gottlieb says we should be looking for the perfect 8 . " I wish that in my 20s I had looked for that 80 % .
I would ­probably have been in a happy marriage now . "
She came pretty close .
His name was Sheldon , a widower , and he had a son .
Gottlieb dated him for two months before he moved to Chicago to be near his parents .
She is still searching for a husband with whom to share her life and that of her four - year - old son .
The way she puts it , Mr Good Enough has ­become her ultimate romantic dream .
But would she settle for a Mr Good Enough who did n't want to get married ?
" I 'd want to know why , " she says .
" I 'd want to explore it more : do we have the same idea of what marriage means ?
Because if we do , and I want to get married and he does n't , then we can't be together . "
• Mr Good Enough : The Case For Choosing A Real Man Over Holding Out For Mr Perfect , by Lori Gottlieb , is published in April by Collins for £ 7.99 .
To order a copy with free UK p&p , go to theguardian.com / bookshop or call 0330 333 6846 .
2010/02/14
lost under paris
Getting lost in the catacombs is very easy .
Here somewhere around place d'italie .
[ /log/photos/paris/catacombs ] permanent link
When it comes to creativity , what 's the dirtiest word you know ?
" Amateur " is certainly right up there with the best of them .
Think of all the times you 've heard the put - down , " Oh , he ( or she ) is just an amateur . "
In other words , no good , not serious , maybe even a goof - off , certainly unprofessional .
As if professional expertise were the only allowable license to engage in any number of arts and crafts !
It 's time we washed that particular notion out of our mind ... and embraced the amateur spirit .
There was a time when amateurism was a virtue .
Michael Kimmelman made this point a few years ago in an article in the New York Times ( July 19 , 2006 ) .
Reviewing an exhibit of old American drawing manuals , he recalled their 19th century heyday , when everyone , it seems , could draw with a facility that we would find astonishing today .
But think about it .
Before the invention of the camera , an able hand with pen or pencil was the only means available for visually preserving information or experiences of personal significance .
Technology has since done in the practical need to record treasured moments in this way - for many of us , the cell phone camera is handier than the pen .
In other recreations , other technologies have likewise served to distance us , as adults , from music making or weaving or pick - up games of football and soccer .
As much as can be said for front row seats in your living room and intimate access to the best in show , something has been lost along the way to instant replay .
Kimmelman puts it this way : we have " acquiesced to playing the passive role of receivers " of art or sport created by others , by professionals .
And by conceding that " culture is something specialists produce , " we have relinquished the idea that art and craft and sport is the birthright of us all .
We have forsaken the truth that the doing of these things is intrinsic to what we are as human beings , to who we are as particular individuals .
Into this void steps the hobbyist , who knows , without doubt , that if we cannot all be professional artists or craftsmen , we can all engage actively in pastimes that please and feed us .
In recreation we can explore and sustain the re-creation of experiences we find personally significant , whether we record them with pen and ink or camera , with verse or music or movement .
We can immerse ourselves in the present moment of making and doing , and mysterious as it may seem , in the process we can find something of our own " true selves " as individuals .
Easier said than done .
The hobbyist does not necessarily have it easy these days .
In a culture obsessed with work , it is difficult to carve out time for play ; in a society focused on competitive edge , it is difficult to justify common achievements ; in a world increasingly dedicated to technological simulation , it is difficult to experience things first hand .
But consider this : evidence increases that the arts , crafts and other recreational activities we pursue for pure fun may have significant , if hidden , impact on our professional skills and accomplishments as well as other areas of our lives .
Much of our own research , for instance , suggests that top flight thinkers in many fields are much more likely than the rest of us to have important hobbies and avocations , which they pursue in tandem with their " real " work .
These amateur arts seem to benefit them in a couple of ways .
First , amateur activities may simply provide relief of a kind that is personally enjoyable and meaningful .
Roger Sperry , the neurobiologist who discovered / left brain lateralization , referred to his own hobby drawing , painting and sculpting as " anti brain strain . "
( Frederick Banting , discoverer of insulin , felt the same . )
Second , amateur arts and crafts may exercise imaginative skills that come in handy in the workplace .
The surgeon who draws flowers in her spare time enhances her powers of observation for small and intricate things ; the composer who goes bird - watching on vacation adds natural rhythms and melodies to his repertory ; the chemist who writes poetry in the evenings sharpens his sensitivity to the nuances of scientific words and concepts .
Third , hobbies and avocations help cultivate our personal creativity and , indirectly at least , contribute to the creative capital of society at large .
Einstein may not have been a stellar violinist , but evidence suggests that his recreative bent had much to do with the impulses that enabled him to innovate on a public scale in physics .
There may be another benefit to amateurism as well , what we might call a learning benefit of value to us all .
We hear a lot these days that one way to keep the mind sharp as we age is to take on mental challenge .
Hobbies provide that challenge in spades , all the more so because they nearly always involve the bodily enactment of ideas .
You can't learn to ride a bike by reading about it in a book ; you need to experience the balancing act for yourself .
Likewise , you can't assemble model airplanes or knit intricate designs without testing inner images and expectations against outer , real world consequences .
Hobby knowledge of this sort is practical , procedural , and intuitive - the kind that keeps you on your toes .
Having an ongoing and challenging hobby as a young adult , one psychologist found , is a better predictor of professional success than IQ scores or school grades ( Milgrim & Hong , 1993 ) .
And it 's beginning to look like the lack of arts and crafts activity even earlier in life may place children at risk for certain deficits in school readiness .
A recent news report suggests that children who do not begin to develop motor control of the hand before entering school may experience delays in learning to write , which in turn can frustrate reading and verbal thinking ( Tyre , February 25 , 2010 ) .
No doubt there are other arguments to be made for the presence of arts , crafts and other recreational activities in our lives .
Here we simply suggest that hobbies and avocations may make important contributions not only to our emotional well - being , but to early and life - long learning , to imaginative thinking and professional success , and to society 's pool of creative talent and potential .
It 's time we rewrite the hobbyist 's bad rap .
When it comes to creativity , " amateurism " by any name - whether hobby , recreation or avocation - really is sweet .
© Michele and Robert Root - Bernstein 2010
Resources , Links and Previous Posts :
Kimmelman , Michael . ( July 19 , 2006 ) .
An Exhibition About Drawing Conjures a Time When Amateurs Roamed the Earth .
The New York Times .
http://www.nytimes.com/2006/07/19/arts/design/19draw.html?_r=1&scp=5&sq=...
Milgrim , Roberta & E. Hong. 1993 . and Creative Performance in Adolescents as Predictors of Creative Attainments in Adults : A Follow - up Study after 18 Years .
In R. Subotnik & K. Arnold ( eds. ) .
Beyond Terman : Longitudinal Studies in Contemporary .
Norwood , NJ : Ablex .
Tyre , Peg. ( February 25 , 2010 ) .
Watch How You Hold That Crayon .
The New York Times .
http://www.nytimes.com/2010/02/25/fashion/25Therapy.html?scp=1&sq=tyre%2...
On Frederick Banting and hobbies as stress relief : Need a Creative New Year 's Resolution ?
Recreate ! @ http://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/imagine/200912/need-creative-new-yea...
On hobbies , imaginative skills and professional : Arts and Crafts : Keys to Scientific Creativity @ http://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/imagine/200903/arts-and-crafts-keys-...
On embracing amateurism : Hobbies : the Personal Path to Creativity @ http://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/imagine/200812/hobbies-the-personal-...
A diet rich in methionine , an amino acid typically found in red meats , fish , beans , eggs , garlic , lentils , onions , yogurt and seeds , can possibly increase the risk of developing Alzheimer 's disease , according to a study by Temple researchers .
" When methionine reaches too high a level , our body tries to protect itself by transforming it into a particular amino acid called homocysteine , " said lead researcher Domenico Praticò , an associate professor of pharmacology in the School of Medicine .
" The data from previous studies show -- even in humans -- when the level of homocysteine in the blood is high , there is a higher risk of developing dementia .
We hypothesized that high levels of homocysteine in an animal model of Alzheimer 's would accelerate the disease . "
Using a seven - month old mouse model of the disease , they fed one group an eight - month diet of regular food and another group a diet high in methionine .
The mice were then tested at 15 months of age -- the equivalent of a 70 - year - old human .
" We found that the mice with the normal diet had normal homocysteine levels , but the mice with the high methionine diet had significantly increased levels of homocysteine , very similar to human subjects with hyperhomocysteinemia , " said Praticò .
" The group with the high methionine diet also had up to 40 percent more amyloid plaque in their brains , which is a measurement of how much Alzheimer 's disease has developed .
The researchers also examined capacity to learn a new task and found it diminished in the group with the diet high in methionine .
Still , Praticò emphasized , methionine is an essential amino acid for the human body and " stopping one 's intake of methionine wo n't prevent Alzheimer's .
But people who have a diet high in red meat , for instance , could be more at risk because they are more likely to develop this high level of circulating homocysteine , " he said .
In addition to Praticò , other researchers working on the study included Jia-Min Zhuo and Hong Wang from Temple 's Department of Pharmacology , Thomas J. Gould and George S. Portugal from Temple 's Department of Psychology , and Warren D. Kruger from the Fox Chase Cancer Center .
The study was funded by grants from the National Institute of Health and the Alzheimer 's Association , in addition to support from Pennsylvania Commonwealth through the Fox Chase Cancer Center .
How to Create a Cool Anaglyphic Text Effect with CSS
Anaglyphs are those amazing 3D images that are created by offsetting two of the red , green and blue channels , and are viewed with those nerdy looking 3D glasses with different coloured lenses .
I do n’t know if this effect works for real , as I ’ve unfortunately misplaced my 3D specs , but it ’s a pretty cool text effect nevertheless !
Let ’s take a look at how a similar style can be created for sprucing up your web designs while taking into consideration semantics and avoiding the repetition of any markup .
View the demo
What we ’re creating is basically a cool transparency overlay effect that closely resembles anaglyph stereoscopic 3D images .
To use the effect in our web designs we ’ll , of course , build it with CSS , but the main consideration is to keep everything neat and true in our markup , without any repeated markup .
Therefore , we do n’t want to use anything like this :
Using a span would be handy to provide us with something to target our CSS to and style up the two words to overlay on top of each other , but when reading aloud in the markup , and when viewed without CSS styling it ’s simply wrong .
With the effect being more presentational or aesthetic than it is part of the content , we need to ensure it ’s semantically correct .
The : after class and content property
Here ’s where the content property and the : after pseudo element comes into play .
The : after pseudo element allows us to insert a snippet of content after the targeted header and adding our extra text in the CSS content property keeps our markup free of any wordage that should n’t be there , ensuring that it ca n’t be seen or read by screenreaders , RSS readers or search bots .
What ’s more , we can also use the content property to not only manually write in some text , but also ask it to take the content from a specific attribute such as the title .
This provides a dynamic solution that could be implemented in WordPress , but it ’s not 100 % ideal as it does n’t stay true to the natural use of the title attribute .
The title attribute should provide more information about the element , rather than regurgitate the same text .
Styling it up
So far we ’ve just got two of the same word placed side by side .
Let ’s add some extra CSS styling to overlay the two and bring in some colour .
First up , the H1 element is converted to inline and positioned relatively to allow the absolute positioning of the generated text to work .
Next up , the font styling is specified as 200px Helvetica with some letter - spacing tweaks to tighten up the example .
The text is then coloured using RGBa , which allows the aplha transparency to be set so that when overlayed the underlying colour will show through .
The generated text from the content property is also given some styling , specifically the text is positioned absolutely to sit slightly offset from the original at 10px and 5 px on each axis , and is switched to red to contrast against the blue .
The final anaglyphic effect
< h1> Hello</h1 >
h1 { display : inline ; position : relative ; font : 200 px Helvetica , Sans - Serif ; letter - spacing : - 5 px ; color : rgba( 0,0,255,0.5 ) ; } h1 : after { content : " Hello " ; position : absolute ; left : 10 px ; top : 5 px ; color : rgba( 255,0,0,0.5 ) ; }
View the demo
A Post By : Post Production Pye
Introduction
If you have been anywhere near the photography world in the past couple years , I am sure you have heard of HDR by now as there have been countless tutorials floating around on how to create HDR images using 3 bracketed exposures in programs like Photomatix and Photoshop .
However what if you do n’t have your tripod or if you are shooting a scene with moving subjects , yet you still want to create an HDR type shot ?
Well , good news , it is possible .
This tutorial will teach you how correct and produce a single RAW image into an HDR - like masterpiece using only Lightroom !
That ’s right , Photoshop skills are not even needed for this tutorial .
Image is provided courtesy of Lin and Jirsa Photography .
Shooting the Image
Before we get into the actual post production steps , let me quickly give you a background of the image and how it was shot .
I always shoot in RAW format simply because it provides vastly more tonal information than the compressed JPG format .
What does this mean ?
It means that we can do much more to the image in post production before the image quality degrades .
Your ability to alter Color Temperature , Exposure , Brightness and Saturation is much more limited with JPG files in comparison to RAW files .
Bottom line , if you are trying to create an HDR look from a single image , you MUST SHOOT IN RAW .
What you see below is the RAW file directly from a Canon 5D Mark II .
The crucial component for shooting a single shot image that is going to be turned into an HDR shot is to shoot it so that you are not clipping any shadows or blowing any highlights .
This typically means that you are going to be anywhere from 1 - 2 stops under exposed in order to save most of the highlights and still keep detail in the shadows .
When you are getting used to this process , it is wise to take a few different shots of your scene at different levels of exposure in order to get the hang of just what level of exposure you need .
If the shot is too bright , you will have no details left in your highlights , where as if you shoot the shot too dark , then you are going to create too much noise brightening the shadows .
Image Metadata ( Canon 5D Mark II , EF 17-40 mm F/4L USM @ 40 mm , 10 seconds , F/11 , ISO 100 )
RAW files will always look dark and murky from the camera since there is no post production applied to the image .
Keep in mind that the camera LCD preview will apply some post processing settings to the image when you are previewing them , so I recommend that you turn on your highlight alert to make sure you did n’t blow your highlights or clip your shadows .
You will notice that the shot above is exposed so that we can still see color in the sky , while still seeing most of the detail in the shadows under the dock .
If you have n’t already done so , download the image and load it into Lightroom .
The RAW image you see above is “ zeroed out ” meaning that every Lightroom slider is set to 0 .
Lightroom will typically apply default settings to each image , so you want to make sure your image is zeroed out as well , otherwise it will look differently .
Processing the Image
Step 1 ) Brightness +80 –
The first thing I typically do when processing an image is to typically dial in an approximate Brightness level so that I can see the correct effect when applying other adjustments .
I am going to start with +80 as a baseline , however , I will revisited the Brightness to make sure it ’s correct once our Contrast / Black levels are adjusted .
During brightening I am paying more attention to the brightness levels of the darker areas than the sky and water since I can burn those down later .
On a side note , I always resort to using Brightness before Exposure .
Reason being that Exposure affects highlights more than shadows and mid-tones , while Brightness adjusts all of the tones equally .
You should now see something like the image below .
Step 2 ) Contrast +100 – I love my landscapes to really pop and so I love using a lot of Contrast in my shots .
I am always careful to make sure the shot does n’t look faked , but even at +100 , I do n’t think it ’s too much .
You should now see the following .
Step 3 ) Blacks +7 – Now , I am going to dial in my Blacks to make sure the blacks in the scene are truly black versus a dark shade of grey .
During this part you want to be careful not to clip ( lose detail ) too much of the shadows in the scene by taking your Blacks too high .
If you press “ j ” you can see which areas are clipped as they will be highlighted in blue as shown below where blacks are set to +17 .
I find that Blacks right around + 7 suits my taste , though yours may differ .
Here is what you should see now .
Step 4 ) Brightness + 110 – Now that my Blacks and Contrast are dialed in , I am going adjust my Brightness up just a bit more .
While this may look very bright on an uncalibrated screen , this level of Brightness will ensure that it comes out correctly from our printers .
Again , keep in mind that I am going to do some additional dodging and burning in a moment .
I would encourage everyone to make sure their screens are calibrated to your printing solutions as pictures can often come out much darker on paper .
Step 5 ) Recovery +100 – Recovery is a great tool for bringing down highlights .
So , we are going to max it out to bring down the highlights on the ocean and sky a bit before we get to dodging and burning .
The highlights in the sky and water should now look a bit more subtle as you see below .
Step 6 ) Burning the Sky – To get that HDR look , we need to burn ( darken ) our highlights while dodging ( brightening ) our shadows in order to balance out the overall exposure .
While we used to do this all in Photoshop , Lightroom ’s dodging and burning capabilities are quite powerful and can save us a lot of time from having to do this in Photoshop .
We are going to begin with burning the sky by selecting your Adjustment Brush ( K ) .
Once selected , you will see the Adjustment Brush panel open up as you see below .
We are going to drop Exposure to - 1.80 while using a large brush to softly paint over the sky and the ocean .
I like to paint with a brush size of 30 , and simply use the edge of the brush to do the painting to keep it subtle .
You will need to adjust the size of the brush as you go to fit into the little areas next to the dock and such .
To erase any brushing in unwanted areas , simply hold “ alt ” while brushing .
By mousing over the little adjustment circle on the image , you can see the area that has been affected with your brush as they will be highlighted in red as you see below .
Your image should now look like this .
Step 7 ) Dodging the City – Just as we did with burning the sky , we are going to use the Adjustment Brush ( K ) to dodge the cityscape in order to bring out the detail in the shadows .
To do so , I am going to select the Adjustment Brush and this time move my Exposure to +1.00 and now paint over the docks , city and mountain area .
This time I am going to reduce the Flow of the brush to only 50 so that the brush does n’t come on too strong .
By mousing over the Adjustment Brush marker you can see the painted area in red like below .
Your image should now look like the following .
Step 8 ) Noise Reduction Luminance +100 , Color +25 – Since we are doing a lot of exposure adjustment , we are going to be adding a little bit of noise to the picture .
While the noise is n’t too significant , as shown by the image below , it is my preference to reduce it .
You can see the difference in the comparison below .
Step 9 ) Sharpening Amount + 110 , Radius + 2.0 , Detail +70 –
The noise reduction that we performed in Step 8 does kill a little bit of the detail in the shot , so we are going to sharpen it to compensate .
Step 10 ) Lens Correction Amount - 35 – Our last step is to add a little artistic edge burn vignette to the image by applying some Lens Correction .
When using a vignette , I always use Lens Corrections versus Post - Crop vignettes .
Reason being that a Lens Correction will actually just dodge or burn the natural colors on the edges , while a Post - Crop vignette will actually apply a black or white vignetting to the outside of the image .
Now your final image should be similar to the one you see below !
Congratulations , you have just learned how to color correct and create an HDR effect from a single RAW file !
OTTAWA – Prime Minister Stephen Harper 's government has paid a large price in popularity for shutting down Parliament , with his Conservatives effectively tied with Liberals in a new poll by The Strategic Counsel .
Conservatives are at 31 per cent , compared to 30 per cent for Liberals , in the poll conducted by Strategic Counsel late last week , as controversy was starting to build over Harper 's prorogation of Parliament until March 3 .
That 's the lowest the Conservatives have been since last June in Strategic Counsel polling .
" Proroguing of Parliament has hurt the Tory brand , " said Tim Woolstencroft , the managing partner at Strategic Counsel , who believes that Harper 's Conservatives must be seeing the same kind of numbers , because the government has appeared to be in a defensive posture all week .
" I think the government is worried about it , " Woolstencroft said .
The poll , conducted in online and telephone surveys with 1,860 Canadians , shows the Conservatives have dropped a full 10 percentage points since last October , with the Liberals and New Democrats getting only a slight bump in support .
Last October , Strategic Counsel found 41 per cent support for Conservatives , 28 per cent for the Liberals and 14 per cent for the New Democrats .
The newest numbers show 31 per cent for the Conservatives , 30 per cent for the Liberals and 18 per cent for the NDP .
The poll is deemed accurate within 2.27 percentage points , 19 times out of 20 .
What the new numbers mean , says Woolstencroft , is that the prorogation has hurt the Conservatives but not overly helped the Liberals or New Democrats — at least not yet .
The poll , for instance , was conducted before the Liberals unleashed their ad campaign this week against the prorogation , featuring pictures of Parliament behind a chain - link fence and radio ads talking about a Conservative " cover-up . "
Woolstencroft says the poll shows that " a tremendous amount of work still has to be done " by the Liberals if they want to climb and stay in a position of effective challenge to Harper and the Conservatives .
( Strategic Counsel is where Peter Donolo worked before he became chief of staff to Liberal leader Michael Ignatieff late last fall . )
Ignatieff has been pushing the anti-prorogation message hard on his campus tour this week ; he 's in Mississauga and Hamilton today .
But Woolstencroft says that should be seen as a very preliminary step in any effort to rebuild the Liberal brand .
" The leader of the Liberals is still a relatively unknown character on the landscape , " Woolstencroft said .
Similarly , there 's no sign yet that any opposition party is reaping any real benefit of the Conservative slump — these new numbers tell a story of a misplayed gambit and botched communications , says the pollster .
" ( The Conservatives ) really did n't have a strong message about why ( Harper ) was proroguing the House and Parliament .
That 's led to questions , " he said .
" If this was an isolated event , I think proroguing Parliament would have been a non-issue .
But there is a sense that this is kind of a pattern of behaviour . "
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Read more about :
CARACAS , Venezuela —
Venezuelans accustomed to leisurely shopping sprees abroad now face a new annoyance : President Hugo Chavez wants to know exactly where they are going , what they are buying and how long they ’ll be gone .
Citizens must now tell the government where they are traveling and save their receipts to provide proof of how they spent the money .
Violators may see their credit cards turned off .
The government agency Cadivi has set new limits on how much hard currency each person is allowed to buy based on their destination and length of trip , giving greater allowances to travelers to the Middle East , Europe , Africa and Asia .
Vacationers heading to neighboring Colombia , which Chavez has branded a puppet of the United States , can only qualify for a maximum of $ 700 in currency transactions a year , the least amount of any country .
The new restrictions come just a year after Chavez slashed each citizens ’ travel allowance in half .
Economists say the rules are an attempt to preserve the country ’s international reserves and avoid devaluing Venezuela ’s currency , the bolivar .
Devaluation could cause inflation to spiral out of control at a time when it 's already the highest in the hemisphere .
The new regulations have the travel industry bracing for a collapse in demand , said Maria Eugenia Troconis , manager of the Saeca Carlson Wagonlit Travel agency in Caracas .
Demand for plane tickets and tourism packages in the U.S. and Europe was already off about 30 percent this year , and she expects another drop of about 40 percent in 2010 .
Before Chavez started cutting dollars for international travel at the beginning of 2009 , Venezuelans had grown accustomed to cheap trips abroad , benefiting from the overvalued exchange rate , which has stood at 2.15 bolivars per dollar since 2005 .
The president originally implemented foreign exchange controls in 2003 to prevent capital flight during a politically volatile period .
Immediately a black market for dollars developed , where Venezuelans today have to pay about 5.95 bolivars per dollar .
" This is going to affect the entire industry , " said Troconis , the travel agent .
The government is " putting up barriers for us . "
Mirta Uzgategui , 59 , owns a clothing store on Margarita Island , a shopping haven about 200 miles across the Caribbean from Caracas .
The bleach - blonde fashionista , wearing tight black jeans and a sweater before boarding a flight to Houston on her way to Los Angeles , said she travels several times a year to buy clothes for her shop .
She complained that the $ 2,500 maximum set for travel to the U.S. does n’t even cover one trip .
For travelers who ca n’t get permission to buy currency at the pegged exchange rate , the only other option is to go to a parallel , unofficial market .
It ’s a notoriously opaque system where people rely on blogs and Twitter accounts to find out the current exchange rate .
" What they are trying to do is keep us here , " said Ivan Lenin , a 32 - year - old electronic engineer , before boarding a flight this month from Caracas to Sao Paulo for a business meeting .
" All the bureaucracy is getting too cumbersome . "
Many in Venezuela ’s middle class see the rules as another tool to increase control for a power - hungry government .
The restrictions allow Chavez , who has become notorious for attacking the private sector through government nationalizations and property seizures , to more efficiently use access to dollars as a political tool .
The president says that only food and medicine importers will be given priority in receiving dollars at the official exchange rate , forcing individuals to buy dollars on the unregulated , parallel market , and driving up the cost for imported goods and international travel by 180 percent .
The increased difficulty in obtaining currency hurts Venezuela 's small business owners , who do n’t have the time or the government connections to navigate through the bureaucracy required to buy currency .
" I travel for my business , but I ’ve already had to buy dollars in the parallel market , because official dollars practically do n’t exist , " said Uzgategui , the clothing storeowner .
The reduction in the travel allowance to Colombia , the U.S. ’s staunchest ally in Latin America , is the most drastic .
Venezuela is Colombia ’s second - biggest trading partner , and commerce between the two countries has already suffered since topping out at $ 7 billion in 2008 .
Chavez announced plans in July to " freeze " ties with the neighboring country .
Chavez , who regularly praises former Cuban President Fidel Castro and openly campaigns to implement socialism in his OPEC - member country , may be imposing the new restrictions out of necessity , not just for political reasons , said Jose Manuel Puente , a professor of public policy and political economy at the Instituto de Estudios Superiores de Administracion , a Caracas business school .
Exports have fallen by half in the first nine months of the year , according to figures published by the central bank , whacked by a combination of lower prices , declining oil fields and OPEC - mandated production cuts .
" The government does n’t have enough petro - dollars for the high demand that exists , " Puente said .
" What they ’re creating is a system of rationing of dollars . "
This billboard went up near Times Square recently .
It shows Charles Phillips and YaVaughnie Wilkins — a couple of ordinary people — and directs you to visit their website , which is full of photos of them .
Why ?
Here is Charles .
Here is YaVaughnie .
They come from California .
YaVaughnie went to SF State .
She also went to NYU , and votes Democratic .
They both love karaoke .
And yet : none of this explains what possessed the couple to erect a gigantic billboard on 49th St. and 7th Avenue ( recently — our tipster says it " definitely was n't there last week " ) .
Nor does it explain why anyone , anywhere , would pay for a huge billboard featuring the comically long URL of a website containing only their own very personal vacation photos , old scraps of writing , and many recorded karaoke songs .
A grand marriage proposal ?
A way to blow a sudden windfall ?
Pure narcissism ?
None is a totally satisfying explanation .
We emailed them to ask what the deal is .
In the meantime , your guess is as good as ours .
God forbid this is a " trend . "
A new website will give everyone the chance to contribute to science by playing a ' cosmic fruit machine ' and compare images of colliding galaxies with millions of simulated images of galactic pile - ups .
These collisions , which astronomers call ' galactic mergers ' , could be the key to finding out why the Universe contains the mix of galaxies it does -- some with trailing spiral arms , others more like compact ' balls ' of stars .
Surprisingly , humans are much better than computers at spotting the best match between a real galactic merger image and a random selection of simulated merger images .
Because the simulated images reflect the different variables involved in galaxy formation the data from people using the site , Galaxy Zoo Mergers , promise to revolutionise our understanding of these collisions .
Galaxy Zoo Mergers -- http://mergers.galaxyzoo.org -- is an international project led by scientists from Oxford University in the UK and George Mason University in the US .
' Visitors to the Galaxy Zoo Mergers site use what 's rather like a giant fruit machine , with a real image of a galactic merger in the centre and eight randomly selected simulated merger images filling the other eight ' slots ' around it , ' said Dr Chris Lintott of Oxford University 's Department of Physics team member .
' By randomly cycling through the millions of simulated possibilities and selecting only the very best matches they are helping to build up a profile of what kind of factors are necessary to create the galaxies we see in the Universe around us -- and , hopefully , having fun too ! '
Users do more than simply select images , they can also take direct control of the simulations -- choosing ' more ' or ' fewer stars ' or ' flipping ' galaxies -- in order to provide an exact match to what we see in the Universe .
' Whilst we 're challenging the 250,000 existing users of the original Galaxy Zoo site to take part in this new project , anyone is welcome to join in -- you do n't have to be an expert , in fact our evidence shows that not being an expert actually makes you better at this sort of task , ' said Dr John Wallin , an Astronomer in George Mason University 's Department of Computational and Data Sciences , team member .
' By reconstructing these collisions , our users will help us understand how galaxies have changed over the history of the universe . '
The project will focus on around 3,000 images of real galactic mergers identified through the Galaxy Zoo project -- it also features some new images of these mergers taken by the Hubble Space Telescope .
The next stage will be to investigate the ' before ' and ' after ' of these colliding galaxies to work out what caused them and what will happen next -- rather like trying to capture the slow motion detail of the moments before a car crash and predict the aftermath .
' These collisions take millions of years to unfold and so all we get from the Universe is a single snapshot of each one .
By producing simulations , we will be able to watch each cosmic car crash unfold in the computer , ' said Anthony Holincheck , a graduate student at George Mason University and Galaxy Zoo team member .
The collisions examined in the project are a foretaste of what will happen when our own galaxy , the Milky Way , eventually merges with our galactic neighbour Andromeda in the distant future .
Pat Robertson partner Charles Taylor funded al - Qaeda , report says .
( People & Events ) .
Geographic Code : 6LIBE Date : Feb 1 , 2003 Words : 506 Publication : Church & State ISSN : 0009 -6334
Liberian President Charles Taylor , a business partner of TV preacher Pat Robertson , helped fund al - Qaeda terrorists by giving them safe harbor in his country during a diamond - buying spree , investigators in Europe have charged .
Investigators looking into a connection between al - Qaeda and Taylor determined that terrorists were active in the region for at least two months before the Sept. 11 , 2001 , attacks on New York City and the Pentagon .
Investigators charged that three highly placed al - Qaeda operatives , Abdullah Ahmed Abdullah , Ahmed Khalfan Ghailani and Fazul Abdullah Mohammed , moved about in Liberia and nearby Burkina Faso , buying diamonds that were later used to fund terrorist activities .
The trio was later joined by other a - Qaeda terrorists , who moved in and out of Liberia at will .
The Washington Post reported that the investigators believe that Taylor , Liberia 's dictator , received a $ 1 million payoff for harboring the terrorists .
Al - Qaeda operatives apparently began smuggling diamonds in the region after the U.S. government froze the group 's American assets in September of 1998 , following the bombing of two U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania .
Key al - Qaeda terrorists stepped up their activity in Liberia just before the Sept. 11 attacks .
In July of 2001 , an al - Qaeda leader flew to Burkina Faso with $ 1 million that was eventually turned over to Taylor .
According to the report from European investigators , the money was to pay Taylor " to hide the two al - Qaeda operatives in Camp Gbatala , " a military facility near a farm Taylor owns .
Robertson has been in business with Taylor since 1999 , when he formed a company called Freedom Gold Limited .
The company , although chartered in the Cayman Islands , operates out of Robertson 's Virginia Beach headquarters .
Robertson 's agreement with Taylor gives Freedom Gold the right to mine for gold in southeastern Liberia .
If any gold is found , Taylor 's government will pocket royalty fees .
Taylor , considered one of the most brutal dictators in the world , is an international pariah who has been accused of looting the impoverished west African nation for personal gain .
Last year , he appeared at a " Liberia for Jesus " rally in the nation 's capital of Monrovia , where he proclaimed that the country was under the rule of Jesus Christ .
The event , which Robertson helped organize , received coverage on the televangelist 's Christian Broadcasting Network .
Robertson has also tried , without success , to convince the U.S. government to ally with Taylor .
He lobbied the State Department to lift its ban on Taylor and allow him to visit the United States and in June of 2002 went so far as to write to Secretary of State Colin Powell , demanding to know why the United States has not backed Taylor in his struggle against an armed opposition movement called Liberians United for Reconciliation and Democracy .
At the time Robertson wrote the letter , U.S. intelligence officials were already looking into a connection between Taylor and al - Qaeda .
Although Taylor has denied being tied to al - Qaeda , investigators say the connection is well established .
Observers speculate that the new information may lead to further U.S. sanctions against the country .
Israel 's Supreme Court has ordered the military to let Palestinians use a road that runs through the West Bank .
Palestinians were barred from the Jerusalem to Tel Aviv Highway 443 in 2002 when militants shot dead a number of Israelis in their cars .
The case was brought by Palestinians who live in the villages along the 12.5 - mile ( 20 - km ) West Bank section of the road .
Human rights groups hailed the decision saying it was " a huge victory " .
The court said the military did not have the authority to impose the kind of sweeping limitation that " in effect transforms the road into a route designed for ' internal ' Israeli traffic alone " .
' Huge victory '
The road was built on land appropriated from the villagers who lived along its course .
But villagers are prevented from getting on the highway by concrete barricades and military checkpoints along its length .
The military have five months to implement the ruling and dismantle the barriers .
It is the second time in recent months the court has ordered the military to open roads to Palestinians .
The Association for Civil Rights in Israel , which provided legal representation to the Palestinians , said it was " a huge victory " .
But the ruling was condemned by Israeli right - wingers .
Receive weekly updates about fresh articles , videos , and audios , as well as new resources , special discounts , and upcoming events .
When this astonishing video was posted on YouTube a month ago , Web users immediately took it upon themselves to solve what was either a mind - boggling mystery , or a very clever hoax .
The YouTuber who posted the candid camera footage describes the person caught on tape as " an uninvited guest living in my apartment " .
He goes on to explain that he took the footage to the police , resulting in the arrest of the woman , who they confirmed was living in the loft of the building and climbing into the YouTuber 's apartment every night to eat , go to the toilet ( or rather , the sink ) , and watch television .
The video is a fake ; a marketing campaign for an accommodation rental website ( www.nakedapartments.com).
It 's very well done however - the only possible giveaway is at the end of the video , where you get the feeling the actor knows he 's being filmed .
Web users certainly had a hard time deliberating over its authenticity , causing just the buzz the company desired .
Fake amateur videos are increasingly popular when it comes to promoting a label or a film release .
It 's been done in Russia , the US , and even by press freedom activists Reporters Without Borders .
What do you think of this kind of marketing ?
Do these videos discredit information published on the Internet ?
Or are they beneficial for keeping Web users on the ball ?
When the Napoleonic war veteran Warren Kerr was caught stealing from his MP , justice was brief and brutal : he was sentenced to death .
Luckily for him , his life was spared .
Unluckily , along with thousands of other convicts , he was sentenced to the next worst thing : deportation to Australia .
Kerr 's story is one of 55,000 posted on the internet today detailing the fate of thousands of British convicts sentenced to transportation .
An ancestry website outlines how Kerr was convicted of stealing from Samuel Thornton , MP for Hull , in 1815 .
A trial at London 's Old Bailey heard that he had stolen rings and watches from Thornton 's London home while working there .
The death sentence was later commuted and Kerr , a decorator , was transported by convict ship to New South Wales .
One in three Britons have a convict ancestor , according to Ancestry.co.uk , which is publishing the records to coincide with Australia Day on Tuesday .
Details on the website of those who were deported include their crime , trial , the name of the ship , physical description and occupation .
The records , part of a four - year project to make details of more than two million deportees available , feature the Convict Registers of Conditional and Absolute Pardons , 1791 - 1846 , and the New South Wales Certificates of Freedom , 1827 - 1867 , given to convicts in the colony .
They give vivid first - hand accounts of how Australia became the politically expedient safety valve for Britain 's overpopulated jails .
These were fit to burst after American colonies slammed the door on British deportees after the American War of Independence in 1776 .
In 1787 , the first 11 ships carrying convicts to Australia – known as the First Fleet – set sail for New South Wales , arriving eight months later .
Among the thousands of convicts detailed in the collection were a number of infamous criminals who would change their ways dramatically in their new homeland .
Joseph Backler , a British artist who was sentenced to death for forging cheques in 1831 , had his sentence commuted to transportation .
Continuing to paint after receiving a conditional pardon in 1847 , he is today regarded as the most prolific oil painter of early colonial Australia .
Sadly , it appears not to have had such a salutary effect on Warren Kerr 's life or fortunes .
Not long after being sent to New South Wales on board the Elizabeth he was sentenced to the lash for stealing timber from a government yard .
In 1824 , after setting up business with his wife , he was convicted of handling stolen goods .
Records reveal that his son , Warren Jnr , was also convicted of theft .
Warren
Snr eventually earned a conditional pardon in 1848 only to die five years later at the Benevolent Asylum in Sydney .
Exclusive Several UK colleges are taking the UK Border Agency to court after they were suspended from approving student visa applications .
Since that action , which hit 142 institutions , the Border Agency has gone further - it has suspended all applications from northern India , Nepal and Bangladesh .
Colleges include both private and government - funded colleges .
Under the government 's points - based immigration system , properly accredited colleges were able to give a visa - sponsoring license - essentially a letter verifying that a student was enrolled , and had paid , for a course in the UK .
The student could then take that offer letter to their local embassy or consulate to get a UK student visa .
If they did n't get a visa , the money would be refunded .
This is in the process of being moved onto an online system - the college part is already online and the Confirmation of Studies system will go live later this month .
It is this move , some allege , which has led to the jump in applications in the last few weeks which led to the suspension of applications from India , Nepal and Bangladesh , and overwhelmed the system .
An angry college administrator told The Register that the system was a spectacular example of the government achieving the opposite of what it said it intended to achieve .
He said : " There 's no doubt there were some dodgy colleges out there , but clearing them out would be easy with a ' mystery shopper ' type inspection .
" Instead they are trying to turn colleges into arms of the state and rewarding the truly dodgy colleges , which will simply walk away with students ' money . "
The Border Agency held a " stakeholders meeting " last week , where it emerged that the list of suspended colleges included state schools which have no licensing rights .
A spokesman for the UKBA said : " A number of state schools currently remain suspended from the register whilst we clear up their licence issues .
Not including state schools , this leaves 90 colleges that are currently suspended . "
Colleges must be accredited by a private organisation , on behalf of the Borders Agency and then by the Home Office .
The 142 suspended colleges will now have to be inspected by a Borders Agency Visiting Officer although some will be reviewed without a visit .
Colleges complain they are punished for being honest - informing the UKBA that a student has gone missing , for instance , can end up looking like a black mark .
They also said it was unlikely students would be working illegally given the state of the economy .
There also big questions over which colleges have been included on the banned list , and which have been left off .
Many colleges have warned of the dangers of bogus colleges in the past , and the Home Affairs Select Committee examined the issue last July .
The delays have also led to real dangers for agents in the students ' home countries , who have taken money for courses and are now unable to tell students when they will able to start their courses .
The Border Agency advised students who have paid for courses but are unlikely to get visas in time to contact the UK Council for International Student Affairs ( UKCISA ) at www.ukcisa.org.uk ( for students at publicly funded institutions ) and the British Accreditation Committee ( BAC ) at www.the-bac.org ( for students applying to independent further and higher education providers ) .
The Agency said that the requirement that students spend at least 50 per cent of study time in a classroom would not be reviewed - bad news for dental nurses or anyone else wanting a vocational qualification .
A spokesman said the move to the new Confirmation of Acceptance for Studies system " further strengthens the control we have under Tier 4 of the Points Based System . "
In other Border Agency news , MP Keith Vaz is calling for an investigation into the Agency 's treatment of asylum seekers following allegations they were routinely mistreated and abused by staff .
Whistleblower Louise Perrett told The Guardian : " I witnessed general hostility , rudeness and indifference towards clients .
It was completely horrific .
I highlighted my concerns to senior managers but I was just laughed at .
An Agency spokesman said it took such allegations seriously and expected the highest levels of integrity and behaviour from all its staff . ®
The Senate 's healthcare bill is fatally flawed , a senior Democrat atop a powerful committee said on Wednesday .
Rep. Louise Slaughter ( D - N.Y. ) , the chairwoman of the House Rules Committee and co-chairwoman of the Congressional Pro-Choice Caucus , said that the Senate 's bill is so flawed that it 's unlikely to be resolved in conference with the bill to have passed the House .
" The Senate health care bill is not worthy of the historic vote that the House took a month ago , " Slaughter wrote in an opinion piece for CNN 's website .
ADVERTISEMENT
Slaughter argued that while the House bill is far from perfect , the Senate bill 's exclusion of a public option , along with abortion funding restrictions and other measures , make the bill undeserving of a vote .
Specifically , Slaughter said , the Senate bill would charge seniors higher premiums , would fail to nix health insurers ' antitrust exemption and would not go far enough in extending coverage to people in the U.S .
" Supporters of the weak Senate bill say ' just pass it — any bill is better than no bill , ' " Slaughter wrote .
" I strongly disagree — a conference report is unlikely to sufficiently bridge the gap between these two very different bills . "
The New York Democrat also sounded a note similar to what Republicans have said ( though for different reasons ) :
Scrap the current healthcare bill , and start over .
" It 's time that we draw the line on this weak bill and ask the Senate to go back to the drawing board , " she said .
" The American people deserve at least that . "
Update , 2:54 p.m. : A Senate Republican aide chimed in on Slaughter : " Unfortunately for moderate Democrats , all the sweetheart deals in the world could n’t help you win an election when voters from across the political spectrum hate you because of your support for this disastrous bill . "
WASHINGTON ( AP )  Osama bin Laden may be slipping back and forth from Pakistan to Afghanistan .
Or the U.S. might not have a clue , more than eight years after the al - Qaeda leader masterminded the terrorist attacks on America .
Given a chance Sunday to clear away some of the mystery surrounding the whereabouts of the world 's most wanted terrorist , Obama administration officials seemed to add to it with what appeared to be conflicting assessments .
President Barack Obama 's national security adviser , James Jones , said bin Laden , believed hiding mainly in a rugged area of western Pakistan , may be periodically slipping back into Afghanistan .
But Obama 's Pentagon chief , Robert Gates , said the U.S. has lacked good intelligence on bin Laden for a long time — " I think it has been years " — and did not confirm that he 'd slipped into Afghanistan .
The failed hunt for bin Laden has been one of the signature frustrations of the global war on terrorism that former President George W. Bush launched after the Sept. 11 , 2001 attacks .
The main explanation given by both the Bush and Obama administrations for not getting bin Laden is that they simply do n't know where he is .
" If we did , we 'd go get him , " Gates said .
Jones , a retired Marine general , stressed the urgency of targeting bin Laden , and spoke of a renewed campaign to capture or kill him .
Bin Laden had been sheltered in Afghanistan by Taliban allies while plotting the Sept. 11 attacks .
When U.S. forces ousted the Taliban in late 2001 , bin Laden fled into Pakistan from his mountain redoubt .
Asked on CNN's " State of the Union " whether the administration has reliable intelligence on bin Laden 's whereabouts , Jones replied , " The best estimate is that he is somewhere in North Waziristan , sometimes on the Pakistani side of the border , sometimes on the Afghan side of the border . "
He did not comment on the intelligence behind that estimate , nor did he cite a time period or describe more specifically bin Laden 's apparent border crossings .
Gates told ABC's " This Week " that " we do n't know for a fact where Osama bin Laden is , " although he agreed that his likely location is North Waziristan .
That 's part of the loosely governed Federally Administered Tribal Areas of northwest Pakistan where the border with Afghanistan is largely unrecognized and unmarked .
There is little Pakistani government or military control in this remote region , and militants affiliated with al - Qaeda can move freely across the frontier into Afghanistan .
The U.S. has targeted North Waziristan and other areas on the Pakistan side of the border with drone - launched missile strikes , killing substantial numbers of militants as well as Pakistani civilians .
The Pakistani army has undertaken an offensive against Taliban militants in South Waziristan but it has not expanded the effort into North Waziristan .
Obama administration officials have often asserted , as did the Bush administration , that they believe bin Laden is being sheltered on the Pakistani side of the border , along with other senior al - Qaeda leaders .
But Jones broke new ground by saying publicly that the al - Qaeda chief may have slipped back into Afghanistan .
Republican Sen. John McCain made a somewhat similar , if less specific , remark Sunday about bin Laden 's movements .
He told NBC's " Meet the Press " that knowledgeable people have told him that bin Laden " moves back and forth . "
McCain did not elaborate , except to say that although bin Laden is not currently able to establish bases for training and equipping terrorists who would attack the United States , " I think it 's important to get him . "
Two Afghan provinces in the country 's northeast held particular attraction for bin Laden in the 1990s : Kunar and Nuristan .
The towering mountains there hid bin Laden training camps that date back to the Soviet occupation of Afghanistan in the 1980s .
A longtime bin Laden ally , Gulbuddin Hekmatyar , holds sway in the area .
U.S. troops have targeted Hekmatyar 's security chief , Kashmir Khan , in Kunar .
During his years in Afghanistan as a guest of the Taliban , bin Laden operated mainly in the southern region around Kandahar .
Gates said he does not blame a lack of Pakistani cooperation for the absence of intelligence on bin Laden .
" No , I think it 's because if , as we suspect , he is in North Waziristan , it is an area that the Pakistani government has not had a presence in , in quite some time , " Gates said , adding that although the Pakistani government has its own priorities , any pressure it brings on the Taliban is helpful because it is in league with al - Qaeda .
During a visit to Pakistan in late October , Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton caused a stir by chiding Pakistani officials for failing to press the hunt for al - Qaeda inside their borders .
She said she found it " hard to believe " that no one in Islamabad knows where the al - Qaeda leaders are hiding and could n't get them " if they really wanted to . "
Gates said he could not confirm recent news reports that bin Laden had been seen in Afghanistan earlier this year .
BBC
News reported last week that a Taliban detainee in Pakistan claimed to have met in January or February with an unidentified associate who said he had seen bin Laden just days earlier in Afghanistan , possibly in Ghazni province .
A recent Senate report said bin Laden was unquestionably within reach of U.S. troops in the mountains of Tora Bora in eastern Afghanistan only three months after the attacks of Sept. 11 , 2001 , when American military leaders made the crucial decision not to pursue him with massive force .
The report asserted that bin Laden 's escape at his most vulnerable in December 2001 laid the foundation for today 's reinvigorated Afghan insurgency and inflamed the internal strife now endangering Pakistan .
Staff members for the Senate Foreign Relations Committee 's Democratic majority prepared the report at the request of the chairman , Sen. John Kerry of Massachusetts .
Tommy Franks , the retired Army general who ran the initial war effort in Afghanistan and chief of U.S. Central Command , wrote in his book , " American Soldier , " in 2004 that he was confident in late 2001 that al - Qaeda could not escape the Afghan forces leading the battle around Tora Bora , supported by heavy air strikes from American warplanes .
Copyright 2009 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Apple Exec Promises AT&T Network Upgrade
Everyone loves the iPhone , right ?
It ’s the hottest gadget since Eli Whitney started cleaning cotton fibers , but there is one glaring problem with the lil ’ status symbol :
It ’s exclusively tied to AT&T ’s cellular network , and AT&T ’s cellular network is exclusively tied to dropping calls and spotty service .
Good news for all those iPhone owners trapped in a two - year contract however , as the wireless carrier has approached Apple with a plan to improve its network in direct response to complaints from iPhone owners — assuming you believe Apple ’s Chief Operating Officer Tim Cook .
“ We have personally reviewed these plans , and we have very high confidence that they will make significant progress toward fixing them , ” said Cook during a conference call Monday .
The interesting bit here is that AT&T has refused to comment on Cook ’s claims .
That could just be an attempt at playing coy , or — and the conspiracy theorist part of me is really pulling for this option — perhaps the entire promise is a ploy by Cook to force AT&T into upgrading their network .
It would look terrible for the carrier to renege on promises made , even on their behalf , but this saves Apple the trouble of threatening to move their iPhone to a competing network .
And yes , I imagine Cook tenting his fingers and laughing diabolically throughout the conference .
Source : BusinessWeek
Photo Source : Apple
In a nutshell , this is the electric car that Steve McQueen would own .
The Type 65 is a classic car in it ’s own right , only 6 were built in 1964 - 65 and were called the Shelby Daytona Cobra Coupe , one of these original cars was discovered in 2001 after having been locked in a storage facility for 3 decades , it ’s estimated worth is now a staggering $ 4,000,000 USD .
What the talented and friendly team over at SSI Racing has done is brought the Type 65 back from the grave and , in what I think is a remarkably clever move , they have opted to make it 100 % electric .
That ’s right .
This car is running an electric drive - train and has performance stats that would make a Prius slink off and hide .
SSI Racing is currently producing 10 units per year , all handbuilt and pricing kicks off at $ 120,000 USD .
That ’s actually not bad considering you ’ll never spend a dime on gas and the styling will never go out of style .
So for slightly more than a Tesla you can have a jaw - dropper in the garage that will wipe the floor with any Ferarri that ’s thrown at it .
Not a bad deal at all .
Available with up to 1800 ft / lbs of torque and 800 bhp this may be the most balls - to - the - wall electric car currently in production for road legal purposes .
Specifications
0 - 60 mph in 3.4 seconds ( available down to 2.9 seconds depending on configuration )
100 mile range ( available from 60 - 300 mile range depending on configuration )
300 hp at wheels ( available from 250 - 800 hp depending on configuration )
Choice of color
Choice of interior
1000 ft/lbs of torque ( available from 500 - 1800 ft/lbs depending on configuration )
140 mph top speed
Touch screen or classic gauge package
Fully isolated charger
Qualifies for zero emission Drag racing or road racing .
Auto - leveling ridetech air suspension standard .
Founder ’s Back Story
Magnum PI and Miami Vice were on TV and we were in the middle of a gas crisis .
My friends were talking about how wonderful Ferraris and Lamborghinis were while I grew up on American muscle cars .
I had just read an article on hydrocarbon fuel cells and had an idea .
Take a classic muscle car , like a Dodge Chal - lenger , drop the fuel cell in with an electric drive train .
Creating a car that could get 85 mpg while being able to crush exotics in the 1⁄4 mile .
Then I found out how much it would cost …
Over the next 20 years I built a lot of things , including a device that spoke for children that could n’t and a robot for the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency ( DARPA ) Grand Challenge .
We made it to the Arizona off road test facilities for the quarter finals .
The robot was a hybrid electric vehicle that we built out of steel and motorcycle parts .
This experience gave me confidence and I started thinking about building my high school dream car …
Battery technology had advanced to the point where it was practical build my dream car .
So I cashed out of a good job and began pursuing green technologies .
I spent the next several months finding the sexiest classic American muscle car reproduction , going to school , talking to everyone I could , anywhere in the world , and doing a whole lot of math .
Thus 2SSIC was born , a Zilla motor controller , a big DC motor ( about 300 brake hp ) , lightweight batteries , a good stereo , and air shocks .
We set a world record on our first time on a drag strip and have n’t looked back since !
Check below for pics of the Type 65 or click through to visit SSI Racing
The Northern Lights are seen when the solar wind stream hits Earth ’s magnetic field , sparking bright auroras around the Arctic Circle .
In northern latitudes , the effect is known as the Aurora Borealis , named after the Roman goddess of dawn , Aurora , and the Greek name for north wind , Boreas , by Pierre Gassendi in 1621 .
The aurora borealis is also called the northern polar lights , as it is only visible in the sky from the Northern Hemisphere , with the chance of visibility increasing with proximity to the North Magnetic Pole .
These shots were taken by photographer Bjorn Jorgensen who lives in Tromso in northern Norway .
Bjorn said : “ I try to capture the essence of the artic light , and I am particulary obsessed with the Aurora Borealis , or Northern Lights .
This breathtaking phenomenon has always left people awestruck , and it has inspired artist and scientists for hunderds of years .
It ’s challenge to capture good images of the aurora , not only technically , one must also be prepared to spend several freezing nights alone in the dark wilderness . ”
Here are 11 photos , including one that has never been published , it
was taken yesterday night close to the city Tromso in North Norway .
We start whit that photos :
This photo is taken in March , early at night , so the orange clour from the sunset is still visible .
The bright colour from the Aurora reflects in the fjord , making half of the fjord green .
The bright white star is actually the planet Venus .
From Ersfjord close to Tromso , North Norway
A small village called Grotfjorden by the open sea .
From the island Kvaloya close to Tromso .
Very strong auroras on this night in March 2008 .
I waited for an hour , when suddenly the sky exploded in green , and it was all over in fifteen minutes .
From the fjord Ersfjord close to Tromso .
This photo was taken in September 2008 , in the Lofoten islands .
It was early at night , so the colours from the sunset were still visible .
This photo was taken in September 2008 , in the Lofoten islands .
It was early at night , so the colours from the sunset were still visible .
The sea turned green from the reflections of the auroras .
This photo from the island Kvaloya close to Tromso , North Norway , was shot in October 2003 , during one of the most powerful outbursts of Northern Lights ever registered .
The city lights from Tromso , North Norway colour the clouds yellow .
The ice in the foreground is brightened by the light from the full moon .
Very strong auroras on this night in March 2008 .
I waited for an hour , when suddenly the sky exploded in green , and it was all over in fifteen minutes .
From the fjord Ersfjord close to Tromso .
Very strong auroras on this night in March 2008 .
I waited for an hour , when suddenly the sky exploded in green , and it was all over in fifteen minutes .
From the fjord Ersfjord close to Tromso .
A bright night with the full moon , and the city lights from Tromso to the right .
More amazing photos on Bjorn Jorgensen web - page !
Here you can buy and DVD whit almost 150 unique photos of Aurora Borealis !
We 've all seen clocks running off foods like oranges and potatoes , but what kind of citrus power does it take to charge an iPhone ?
This ever - so - strange , ever - so - enchanting video reveals the answer .
[ Hacker News via Geek ]
Advertisement
The only question now is whether it is time for Bernanke to resign instead of suffer the indignity of the vote down .
From HuffPo :
California Democrat Barbara Boxer has become the latest senator to oppose the nomination of Ben Bernanke to a second term as Chairman of the Federal Reserve .
Boxer 's opposition , which she announced in an exclusive statement to the Huffington Post , is a blow to Bernanke .
Boxer is no firebreather on economic issues , but considered a more mainstream Democrat from a state that was considered comfortably blue -- until Tuesday 's special election in Massachusetts , that is .
" I have a lot of respect for Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke .
When the financial crisis hit in late 2008 , he took some important steps to prevent what many economists believe could have been an even greater economic catastrophe , " said Boxer .
" However , it is time for a change -- it is time for Main Street to have a champion at the Fed .
Dr. Bernanke played a lead role in crafting the Bush administration 's economic policies , which led to the current economic crisis .
Our next Federal Reserve Chairman must represent a clean break from the failed policies of the past . "
And this came in earlier :
More sharks are circling around Ben Bernanke 's nomination for a second term as chair of the Federal Reserve .
This is how a good wedding celebration becomes a GREAT wedding celebration
Microsoft does not plan to follow Google 's lead in pulling out of China , the software giant 's CEO told news outlets on Thursday .
" We 've been quite clear that we 're going to operate in China , " Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer said in an interview on CNBC .
However , his hopes for China to produce growing revenue for the company seem to hinge on a thorny issue : a reduction of piracy and intellectual - property theft .
" China ought to be a source of growth , " Ballmer said .
" Intellectual - property protection in China is very , very bad .
Abysmal . ...
We 're buying a lot of goods from China but the things that U.S. companies can sell -- pharmaceutical products , media , software -- it 's all intellectual property and design , and that stuff 's not getting paid for in China .
It 's got to change . "
His reference to the problem of IP theft points to bigger challenges Microsoft could face if it decided to leave China .
Microsoft has been battling software piracy there for years , and pulling out of the country could amount to it giving up the battle and allowing piracy of its products to flourish unchecked .
In the interview , Ballmer did not raise the issue of censorship or human rights , which Google said were central to its new approach to the country .
Google said Tuesday that it planned to stop censoring its search results in China after discovering the theft of some of its intellectual property during a " sophisticated cyberattack " originating in the country , and learning that Gmail accounts of human rights advocates had been broken into .
It acknowledged that , as a result , it would likely no longer be welcome to operate in China .
Microsoft , Google and many other companies have been criticized for complying with China 's censorship laws in order to do business in the country .
OUR BROKEN TOXICS LAW IS FAILING THEM .
WE NEED YOUR HELP TO CHANGE THAT .
EWG tested the umbilical cord blood of 10 newborn babies and found nearly 300 chemicals , including BPA , fire retardants , lead , polychlorinated biphenyls ( PCBs ) and pesticides that were banned more than 30 years ago .
Speak up for change .
Our kids deserve it .
Bills to overhaul federal toxic chemicals policies are now moving through Congress .
They would require that all chemicals be proven safe for children before they can be sold .
Lawmakers in Washington need to know that you want strong reforms for our broken toxics law .
Please sign this petition to demand that Congress take action to make chemicals in consumer products kid-safe .
During the intense period of engineering the Bloomframe® window has been awarded with several international design awards .
1st prize Wallpaper Design Award ‘ Most life enhancing product ’
The New York Times selected the Bloomframe balcony for the top 10 best ideas 2008 Nomination Design Award of the Federal Republic of Germany
Winner Janus Award Paris Winner Red Dot Design Award Germany Nomination Index Design Award Denmark
Nomination MKB Innovation Top 100 innovative companies in The Netherlands Nomination Spark Design & Architecture Awards 2009 USA 1st prize Audi Design Award 2008
FAQ
In which size can the Bloomframe® window be produced ?
The Bloomframe® is available in the following dimensions :
1700 mm ( width ) x 2400 mm ( height )
2300 mm ( width ) x 2400 mm ( height )
3000 mm ( width ) x 2400 mm ( height )
What is the net surface of the balcony ?
The net surface of the floor part is 3 m² for a Bloomframe® window of a maximum size ( 3000 ×2400 mm )
Can you increase the deepness of the balcony until net 1,5m ?
The standard depth of the balcony is 1050 mm .
It is not possible to increase the deepness .
What is the height of the fence ?
Fence dimensions from the surface of the glazed floor of the balcony to the top of the balustrade is around 1218 mm .
The total height of the balustrade alone is 1222mm
How do you avoid the danger of blocking / trapping ?
The Bloomframe® window provides a slow opening of approximated 60 seconds .
Both hands of the user are required during the opening and closing process .
It is mandatory to wait until the Bloomframe® window is fully open before stepping onto the floor .
In case of rain in an open position how will the water be evacuated ?
When closed , the Bloomframe® window has the same properties as a window .
The Bloomframe® window position is primarily used in good weather conditions and it is imperative to close it when rain appears .
During the closure process , the remaining water on the glass surface will not leak to indoor space .
Indeed , the Bloomframe® window threshold is equipped with a small gutter which deflects the runoff towards the drainage holes for the drainage of water outdoor .
How is the control in case of power failure ?
The Bloomframe® window works with a tubular motor that is positioned horizontally above the upper crosspiece of the Bloomframe® window ( in the inside of the house , behind a protective cover ) .
This motor is controlled by an electronic system especially developed for the Bloomframe® window .
It has a manual emergency override system to open or close the Bloomframe® window in case of power failure .
Accessibility for disabled ?
The Bloomframe® window electronic control system can be installed at the height specified for disabled ( maximum of 1300 mm from the floor ) .
As you can see on the attached installation document , an accessibility threshold is provided .
What is the period of protection against fire transfer between apartments ?
The Bloomframe® window in closed position provides the same protection than a standard window .
If a guaranteed period of protection against fire is needed , it can be studied as an option .
Which regulations are the basis for the constructive performances ?
The basis of the constructive performances is Eurocode 8
Is the slippery of the glass floor taken into account ?
Is the resistance / slippery of the floor according regulations ?
The glazing is not considered as a standard floor .
Anti-slipping alternatives such as screen printed glazing and adhesives tapes can be provided .
If we make the purchase , which the delivery and installation ?
PortalP France produces and installs the Bloomframe® window .
PortalP
France provides all the necessary information and plans to the installer .
The Technical Service of PortalP
France would be in direct contact with the installer to provide all required information at any given moment of the process .
Depending on the city , we can even recommend certified installers that can help you with your project .
As per the delivery , PortalP France can provide this service if it is of your interest , and we can transport the product to your location .
Downloads
Bloomframe® window brochure French Download
Bloomframe® window brochure English Download
Contact
Officials said the film 's images ( R ) were based on photos of the mountain
A Chinese mountain has reportedly been renamed in honour of the sci - fi film Avatar , after claims it had inspired scenery in the fantasy blockbuster .
The Southern Sky Column in Zhangjiajie , Hunan province , will now be known as the Avatar Hallelujah Mountain .
Local officials said photographs of the mountain had been used as the basis for Avatar 's fictional world of Pandora .
Avatar has become the most popular film ever in China , making $ 80 m ( £ 50 m ) at the box office so far .
Xiaoxiang Morning News said the mountain was officially renamed at a ceremony on Monday .
The paper said a photographer from Hollywood had visited the Wulingyuan Scenic Area , the location of the mountain , in 2008 .
" Many pictures he took then become prototypes for various elements in the Avatar movie , including the ' Hallelujah Mountains ' , " Reuters quoted the website as saying .
Avatar tours
The renaming of the mountain is one of the several attempts by Zhangjiajie to capitalise on the success of Avatar .
The film has been a huge success throughout China
The municipal government website has also adopted the slogan " Pandora is far but Zhangjiajie is near " , while tourists are being offered tours of the locations which allegedly inspired the film , Reuters reports .
Avatar follows the plight of the blue N'avi people as they fight to protect their land from a mining operation .
The film has been showing on 2,500 screens across China .
One - third were Imax and 3D screens while the rest were regular 2D screens .
But earlier this month , China pulled 2D versions of the film from cinemas , saying they were not doing well commercially .
Critics said the move was to make way for domestic films - especially the state - backed biopic of the philosopher Confucius - and because the plot too closely mirrored forced land evictions in the country .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Unique houses .
Crazy houses .
Funny houses .
Weird houses .
I grew up next to the spiral house in Ramat Gan , Israel .
For years , I tried to guess what inspired the architect when he created this crazy house .
Browsing the net , I found many special houses around the globe which inspired me to create this ideabook .
I have tried to track each one of the following houses , and see who was the designer behind it .
If any of you know more about these buildings please let me know .
Would be nice to check them in person one day ...
sususu Save Photo sususu Save Photo sususu Save Photo sususu Save Photo sususu Save Photo sususu Save Photo sususu Save Photo sususu Save Photo sususu Save Photo sususu Save Photo
Dudley Brown
Infowars
November 4 , 2009
Make no mistake : Our Founders were onto something when they enshrined the right to keep and bear arms as the Second Amendment to our nation ’s founding document , the United States Constitution .
Because the Second Amendment is part of our nation ’s supreme law , attacking gun rights means attacking the very foundation of the country .
The gun grabbers know they have to deal with this supreme law at some point if they ’re going to push their radical agenda through .
And so they ’ve decided to rewrite the Bill of Rights to best suit their plans .
That ’s right .
In an attempt to circumvent our nation ’s fundamental law , Barack Obama has rewritten his own version of the Bill of Rights and posted it on the White House website .
According to Obama , “ The Second Amendment gives citizens the right to bear arms . ”
I do n’t know about you , but my right to defend myself comes from my Creator — not from government , not from some bureaucrat or politician , but from my very nature as a human being .
[ efoods ]
I ’m sure I do n’t have to tell you that redefining a fundamental right as a privilege is a very dangerous path to start down .
A right is inherent in our humanity and can never be taken away .
A privilege can be removed at the whim of one ’s rulers .
But the President ’s redefinition of our nation ’s fundamental law is n’t enough for some anti-freedom zealots .
Gun grabbers in our government - run education system are now seeking to brainwash your children into accepting their anti-gun agenda — also by rewriting the Bill of Rights .
Lesson plans in Garland , Texas , ( Texas ?!
Really ?! ) now teach the Second Amendment by summarizing as follows , “ Amendment 2 : We can get permission to own weapons to protect ourselves . ”
This could n’t be any further from what the Second Amendment clearly states !
“ The right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed . ”
I want you to call the White House and the Garland Independent School District and demand they restore the original language to the Second Amendment .
The White House Comment Line : 202-456-1111
GISD Superintendent Curtis Culwell : 972-487–3023
Tell them you will not stand for revisionist history or the weakening of our nation ’s fundamental law .
The Founding Fathers wrote it that way for a reason !
In Liberty ,
Dudley Brown
Executive Director
National Association for Gun Rights
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
« Go back a post || Return to G - A - Y homepage || Haul tail to next post »
10/18/2009
Drop the ACT , Family Research Council !
We know what 's UP .
by Jeremy Hooper
In the early 1980s , a crisis of unimagined proportions hit America .
And while it was an American problem , that 's not the way it was received or viewed by countless many .
Because , ya see , this crisis happened to hit the gay community earliest and hardest .
So bias being what it was ( is ? ) in this nation , many of our fellow hetero citizens took the fact that they were n't being directly affected to mean that inaction and , in some cases , brute inhumanity , were the best ways to handle a newfound plague .
It was n't just the populace , either .
On both a federal ( Reagan ) and local ( Koch ) level , politicians were all too often turning a blind eye to a disease that was decimating millions .
Other prominent figures were actively using gay deaths against us in their campaign speeches .
Rather than combat the illness of Pandora 's unsavory box , many were choosing to reveal a largely unaddressed illness in the American psyche .
And it was this malady of anti-gay bias that helped HIV / AIDS spread to epidemic levels .
LGBT people , disheartened by what was happening around them , knew that they had to take matters in their own hands .
A timid mouth was not gonna earn them a presidential address .
An unclenched hand was not going to fill others ' hands with new kinds of drugs .
A complacent butt was n't going to put government officials ' own booties into action .
The time for whispers had passed , with far too many deaf ears and far too many dead queers .
So the LGBT community , in between vigils and funerals , decided to raise their voices and start a revolution .
ACT UP !
Fight Back !
Fight AIDS !
Do n't forget , this was a time when some conservative Christians were genuinely suggesting quarantining gays or branding them with scarlet letters .
Also , the idea that AIDS was " God 's wrath " was far from a niche idea in conservative church circles :
It was the ongoing diagnosis in large numbers of houses of worship ( and even remains so in many of these same church communities to this very day ) .
Forget stone - casting .
In Falwell 's army , many of this nation 's top evangelical leaders were stepping over carcasses to get better trajectory on their boulder tosses !
Was ACT UP perfect ?
Of course not .
As with all nascent movements , there were missteps to be had .
Was everyone who ever stood with ACT UP in 100 % agreement with every single undertaking ?
Of course not .
Just like with current gay rights endeavors , from incrementalism to the National Equality March , there are supporters , semi-supporters , contrarians , and outright opponents .
But the cause is greater than the self .
The purpose is more powerful than the personality .
So people show up to help the movement , sometimes out of support and sometimes out of a desire to learn more and / or encourage an adaptation of strategy .
The perfect is not the enemy of the good , so even those who have their qualms and concerns came out to fight the undeniably good fight .
This collective spirit , far from a monolith but even farther from an obstacle , beget great victories .
Victories we would n't have had otherwise .
Victories we CERTAINLY would n't have had if the religious right 's vision for American gays was allowed to become the Gospel .
Even critics of some of ACT UP 's direct actions would surely concede this point , as the gains are demonstrable .
Real world gains that are about as genuinely PRO - LIFE as you can get !
This is the only " explanation " you need ...
[ Kevin ] Jennings Must Speak Out on his Role in Radical Group ACT UP [ FRC ]
... Family Research Council staffers !
And if you should require further questioning , turn not to Kevin Jennings .
Instead turn to the twenty - years - younger versions of yourselves , and ask what you and your evangelical troops were doing to stop a plague !
***
** ALSO : It must be noted that MassResistance , the group who Family Research Council credits as providing them with this information about Kevin Jennings , is designated as an anti-gay hate group by the Southern Poverty Law Center .
Perhaps we should force FRC to speak out on their role with this radical group !
Your thoughts
While ignoring the homophobes is probably Jennings best defense , and there certainly is no reason for him to engage them in their smear the queer campaign , I would suspect that any response from Jennings on the subject of ACT UP would only benefit him .
You have , quite eloquently , summed up the rational behind ACT UP , and the facts are what they are .. people were dying , elected officials were n't caring , the religionistas were painting " god 's " target on our backs , and ACT UP did keep the story in the news , and did get crucial drug testing laws revised to the benefit , not only of AIDS sufferers .
Jennings , more than most , could quite ably make an impassioned case for why ACT UP was not only beneficial , but necessary .
And , if any of the fundies ever listen to anyone other than the lying liars , then even they might realize that attacking him on the basis of supporting ACT UP is at best misguided , and downright sinister at worst .
Posted by : Dick Mills | Oct 18 , 2009 2:43:47 PM
I say Jennings should ignore them but we should n't .
Based on how they have lied about him , Jennings does n't need to do a thing to please FRC .
After the Brewster mess , they have too much baggage for us not to take advantage .
Posted by : a. mcewen | Oct 18 , 2009 7:45:17 PM
From FRC 's article : " As we are taught in Galatians 6:10 , doing " good unto all " is the biblical standard , not doing " good " only to secular , politically - approved causes .
It is by that measure that God 's people will be evaluated on the Final Day . "
Wow , hypocritical much ?
They are telling people to avoid secular volunteer organizations while at the same time telling people not to limit their scope of volunteer organizations .
I guess " unto all " does n't include the non-religious .
Posted by : Megan | Oct 19 , 2009 2:26:55 PM
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
G - A-Y Comments Policy
How Clean Are Your New Clothes ?
Find Out ' GMA ' found harmful bacteria on brand new clothes .
Jan. 7 , 2010  --
When you buy new clothes , you expect them to be new , not already worn by someone else .
But that 's not always the case .
Consider what happens after you return a pair of pants or a blouse .
Often it goes right back on the rack , to be resold instead of staying in the back room , retail experts told " Good Morning America . "
" The customer probably gets the wool pulled over their eyes . …
A lot of people just come home and if it has a tag attached , they think it 's brand new and they wear it , " Tori Patrick , a former retail saleswoman , said .
" You really never know where it 's been . "
To see how clean some " new " clothes were , " GMA " bought everything from blouses to pants to underwear from three popular chain clothing stores ranging from high - to low - end and handed them over to Dr. Philip Tierno , director of microbiology and immunology at New York University , to test the 14 items for germs .
Tierno found disturbing results .
There was flora , or bacteria , on several items .
" On this black and tan blouse we found representation of respiratory secretions , skin flora , and some fecal flora , " Tierno said .
On a jacket , Tierno discovered evidence of feces , skin flora and respiratory secretions , especially in the armpit and " close to the buttocks , " Tierno said .
The biggest surprise came when Tierno tested a silk blouse .
There , he said , he found vaginal organisms , yeast and more fecal germs .
Tierno said a couple of the items had extremely high counts of germs , far above normal .
" Some garments were grossly contaminated with many organisms … indicating that either many people tried it or ... someone tried it on with heavy contamination , " he said .
" In a sense , you are touching somebody 's arm pit or groin .
So you want to be protected that 's all .
" You may not come down with anything and , most cases you do n't , but it 's potentially possible , " he added .
Wash or Dry New Clothes
The organisms can survive weeks or even months on clothes , Tierno said .
Contracting a yeast infection this way is highly unlikely , though possible , experts say .
And with the evidence of feces , viruses could also be passed along .
" A very bad type of diarrhea -- you can also transmit things like the norovirus , stomach virus .
You can transmit things like MRSA [ a staph bacteria ] , " Tierno said .
" Most people are unaware and think that they can't really catch anything from these clothes because they are dry , they are on the rack and they are new .
They are not realizing that numerous individuals try them on and contact certain parts of their body that may transmit potential pathogens . "
In order to protect yourself from harmful bacteria , Tierno recommended washing your new clothes or running them through one cycle in a hot dryer before wearing them .
He also suggested wearing clothes underneath while trying on new clothes and washing your hands after shopping .
Click here to return to the " Good Morning America " Web site .
The Congressional Budget Office has lopped $ 20 billion off its estimate of the cost of keeping Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac afloat for the next decade — to a mere $ 79 billion .
That will have to pass for good news , even if the estimate comes loaded with caveats .
The bigger story is why the White House continues to keep these wards of the state off - budget .
As the CBO notes in a recent background paper , the standards for when to include government - sponsored entities in the budget go back to the 1960s , when a Presidential commission ...
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Takuma Sato will return to racing in the IndyCar Series this year after completing a deal with KV Racing .
The former Formula 1 driver has been on the sidelines since his Super Aguri team folded in mid-2008 .
He has long been linked with an IndyCar move and visited last year 's Indianapolis 500 , although he wanted to exhaust any potential options for an F1 comeback before switching his full attention to opportunities in America .
" This is a very exciting time for me and all my supporters , " said Sato .
" I have really missed racing last year and can't wait to get started in this new challenge with such a great team . "
The 33 - year - old Japanese driver contested 92 grands prix for Jordan , BAR and Super Aguri between 2002 and 2008 , with his third place in the 2004 United States GP his best F1 result .
He is confident that he can be an immediate frontrunner with Jimmy Vasser and Kevin Kalkhoven 's team .
" To me , KV Racing Technology is a team with massive potential and great team spirit , " Sato said .
" With such a great champion as Jimmy leading the team , I am really confident that we will soon be a strong combination .
" I am also really motivated by the chance to be fighting at the front of the field , something I have missed in recent seasons .
I want to thank sincerely everyone who has continued to support me through difficult times and look forward to enjoying success together very soon . "
Sato tested for KV at Sebring earlier this week , and although he currently has no oval experience , Vasser expects him to rapidly get up to speed .
" We are very excited to have been able to put this deal together with Takuma and his group , " said Vasser .
" I can't wait to see what I know will be a extremely fast pace by Taku on the road courses and look forward to working with him and getting him up to speed on the ovals .
I have no doubt that Taku will be right on the pace immediately .
" Taku 's knowledge and experience will be a great asset and his great sense of humour and easy manner will add positive energy to our team . "
KV was a race - winner in Champ Car and has been a regular top ten contender since joining the IndyCar Series , although Mario Moraes ' third place at Chicagoland last year is its only podium in the championship to date .
The team also ran former HVM driver EJ Viso at Sebring this week , and could return to a two - car line - up for 2010 after only running Moraes for a full campaign last year .
KV is also thought likely to field Paul Tracy in a limited programme again .
European exceptionalism ( updated )
I ’d like to broaden John H’s discussion of the US as a center - right nation to consider the broader idea that the US is , in some sense , exceptional .
As Barack Obama correctly pointed out not so long ago , every nation is exceptional in its own way , which tends to undermine the idea that any nation is specially exceptional .
Still , compared to the developed world in general , it seems obvious that the US is different in lots of ways : an outlier in terms of nationalism , military power , religiosity , working hours and inequality of outcomes and ( in the opposite direction ) in terms of government intervention , health outcomes and other measures typically associated with welfare states .
Among these the outstanding differences arise from the fact that the US aspires , with some success , to be globally hegemonic in military terms and ( with rather less success ) in economic terms as well .
But , when you think about it , there is nothing exceptional here .
Almost every state of any significance in history has aspired to dominate its known world .
In the last century , Britain , Germany , Russia and even France [ 1 ] aspired to this role , and right now Russia and China are keen to try .
Religiosity , militarism , inequality , and governments that do little for their subjects are the norm rather than the exception .
Long hours of hard work have been the lot of humankind at least since the arrival of agriculture .
The real exception to all of this is Europe [ 2 ] .
The largest economic aggregate in world history , it has enough military power to repel any invader , but is deeply uninterested in using this power to any more glorious end .
It grows by a process of reluctant accretion , controlled by ever more onerous admission requirements .
In all of history , it would be hard to find anything comparable in terms of pacifism , godlessness , equality , leisure for the masses or public provision of services . [ 3 ]
Then the EU itself .
There are n’t many historical parallels and those that I can think of ( the US under the Articles of Confederation and the Commonwealth of Independent States , for example ) were rapidly abandoned .
It ’s ungainly , unloved and bureaucratic , and yet it has persisted for 50 + years ( nearly 60 if you count the ESC ) .
The Great Powers of the 19th are now , with marginal exceptions , parts of this post - sovereign collective .
It ’s for these reasons that American views of Europe resemble de Tocqueville in reverse .
Something so unprecedented , and against the laws of nature , they think , cannot possibly survive , let alone prosper .
And yet it does .
fn1 . As pointed out in comments , the bloody failure of these attempts between 1914 and 1945 helped cure most European countries of belief in national greatness .
But Russia , which suffered more than anywhere else , has seemingly gone the other way .
fn2 . That ’s not to deny , of course , that there are lots of differences within Europe .
Nevertheless , on the criteria described above , almost any European state appears as an outlier in historical terms .
fn3 .
The other developed countries ( Japan and the wealthier bits of East Asia , Aust / NZ , Canada and , to the extent it can be regarded as outside Europe , the UK , sit somewhere in between .
Hey there , time traveller !
This article was published 5/1/2010 ( 3920 days ago ) , so information in it may no longer be current .
Tensions between Manitoba and Saskatchewan members of the same street gang are being blamed for a prison stabbing that has killed one Winnipeg inmate and left another clinging to life .
Now there are fears the deadly dispute could reach beyond bars and spill out onto the streets .
BRYAN SCHLOSSER / CANWEST NEWS SERVICE Daniel Wolfe was serving time for killing two people in a home invasion .
Daniel Richard Wolfe , a co-founder of the Indian Posse street gang , died after a brawl erupted involving at least 10 other inmates inside Saskatchewan Penitentiary , near Prince Albert , Sask. , Monday afternoon .
Wolfe , 33 , was just sentenced last November to life in prison after being convicted of killing two people and injuring three others during a Saskatchewan home invasion .
Keith Coutu , 30 , is in critical condition after being jumped in the prison attack .
The longtime IP member was sentenced to life in prison in 2006 after going on a shooting spree at a Winnipeg house party , killing one man and severely injuring another .
Justice sources told the Free Press Wolfe and Coutu are victims of growing internal gang hostilities and were attacked by Saskatchewan - based members of the Indian Posse who were being held in the same maximum - security range at the federal prison .
Officials say a total of 16 inmates were in the unit , but out of their cells at the time for lunch .
All of the prisoners in the area had previously been deemed " compatible " with each other .
" Daniel never indicated to me that he was scared for his safety , " his Regina - based lawyer , Estes Fonkalsrud , told the Free Press Tuesday .
A third inmate , whose identity is not known , also suffered serious injuries in the attack .
RCMP are continuing their investigation and expect to lay criminal charges later this week .
Sources say police in both provinces will be on guard for possible " payback " stemming from Monday 's attack .
Last month , eight Manitoba members and associates of the Indian Posse street gang were charged with swarming a 33 - year - old inmate and inflicting critical injuries inside Milner Ridge Correctional Centre at Beausejour .
Sources say the two incidents are likely not connected .
Wolfe and his brother , Richard , created the IP , one of the city 's biggest and most violent gangs .
It 's made up entirely of aboriginal members .
The IP has expanded in recent years to Saskatchewan and Alberta .
Wolfe was serving a life sentence with no parole for at least 25 years after being convicted in November 2009 of two counts of first - degree murder and three counts of attempted murder .
The attack began with a September 2007 chance encounter between Wolfe and Bernard Percy Pascal , a member of the rival Winnipeg - based Native Syndicate gang , at a bar in Fort Qu'Appelle , Sask .
The two exchanged threats and insults about Wolfe 's Indian Posse tattoos but parted ways , court was told .
After Pascal left the bar with his friends , Wolfe was overheard saying : " They do n't know what 's coming for them . "
Wolfe grabbed a gun and stormed inside a Fort Qu'Appelle home later that night , opening fire .
Michael Itittakoose , 24 , was shot six times and died on the floor .
Marvin Arnault , 51 , was killed while trying to protect his wife from being hit as she called 911 .
Three other men survived -- Pascal was shot nine times , Jesse Obey was hit in the face and torso , while Cordell Keepness suffered three gunshot wounds to his hands and arm .
Police said there were a total of 11 people in the house at the time , including many who had no gang ties .
" They 're going to give me 25 to life ... That 's the life of a gangster , " Wolfe later told an undercover police officer .
Crown prosecutor Alistair Johnston told Wolfe 's sentencing he hoped the case would send a message to young people the life of a gang member is " a short life , full of violence , destruction , sadness and grief . "
Wolfe made headlines again when he escaped from the Regina Correctional Centre in August 2008 , along with five other inmates , by smashing through a brick wall .
Members of the Winnipeg police organized crime unit caught him inside a car in the city 's North End three weeks later .
Wolfe is originally from The Pas .
He was no stranger to the justice system , having been charged with his first crime at the age of 12 .
His lawyer said Tuesday Wolfe grew up on the streets in Winnipeg , bouncing from " foster home to foster home " and turned to gangs for a sense of family and protection .
-- With files from Canwest News Service
www.mikeoncrime.com
Three years after World War II drew to a close , a young professor at MIT published " Foundations of Economic Analysis . "
Its mathematical approach to economics would revolutionize the profession .
And its author , Paul Samuelson , would go on to earn many awards and honors , culminating in 1970 , when he won the Nobel Prize in economics — the second year it was awarded .
Samuelson died on Sunday at the age of 94 .
His influence has been profound , but the mathematization of economics has been a mixed blessing .
The downside is that the ...
This Super Bowl season , I 'm rooting for the underdog : canned beer .
No , I wo n't be arriving at a game day party with Bud Light or sixpacks of Miller .
Truly tasty microbrews are now available in cans , and there are plenty of reasons to stock up .
This week marks the 75th anniversary of canned beer , but the cans have changed .
Craft breweries now use cans lined with a water - based coating that prevents the beer from ever touching metal , so there 's no metallic flavor .
( That does n't mean that you should drink straight from the can ; these fine beers are meant to be poured into a glass so your mouth does n't touch metal either . )
Cans stack well in the fridge , eliminating wasted space that could be filled with seven - layer dip and , um , more beer .
Canned beer chills faster than beer in bottles .
Cans weigh less , which means they 're easier to bring to a friend 's house , and require less fuel to ship from brewery to retailer .
While drinking local beer from refillable growlers is probably the best option environmentally , cans may be the next - best - option .
They require less energy to produce and to recycle than glass bottles .
Cans block out light and seal out oxygen so your beer wo n't turn skunky .
Cans are safer than glass for outdoor activities like boating , tubing , and hanging out by the pool .
You can bring canned beer to many places where glass bottles are not allowed .
You can crush cans on your forehead .
Please do n't try that with a bottle .
Most importantly , many delicious craft beers are now only available in cans , not bottles .
We sampled a pyramid 's worth to let you know what 's tasty .
Serious Beer Ratings *****
Our new favorite ****
Awesome , worth remembering ***
We 'd consider buying this again **
There are probably better options *
No , thanks , I 'll have water .
Ratings are subject to personal taste .
Canned Beer Champions
Ska Modus Hoperandi Colorado , 6.8 % ABV
This reddish amber IPA starts out dry , then the flavor blossoms into fresh pomelo sweetness .
We were reminded of pineapple and pine trees , and though some people might be overwhelmed by the burst of hops , this was my personal favorite .
****1/2
Ska ESB Special Ale Colorado , 5.7 % ABV
This well - balanced beer is rich and satisfying , with rye toast flavors and a hint of cashew .
There are mellow orangey hops up front , but it settles into a yeasty earthiness .
This would be a great accompaniment to nachos and hot wings .
It 's a very likable beer .
****1/2
Maui Big Swell IPA Hawaii , 6.2 % ABV
This delicious IPA smells like Jolly Rancher orange candy , but the taste is n't sweet .
It 's smooth and bright , with mandarin orange and grapefruit flavors up front , and rich caramel malt and earl gray tea flavors in the finish .
We tasted fresh cut grass and rosemary too .
We wish someone would bring a few more of these over to our house .
****1/4
Beers Worth Cheering For
Oskar Blues Dale's Pale Ale Colorado , 6.5 % ABV
This creamy , malty ale has lovely maple and toast flavors balanced with spicy hops ; tangerine , lemon , tarragon , and pine brighten the finish .
It 's refreshing and quite drinkable , though it could be too hoppy for some .
****
Caldera Pale Ale Oregon , 5.4 % ABV
This sharp pale ale has notes of pine and lemon peel that mellow out in the finish .
It 's refreshing and would be delicious with chips , salsa , and guacamole .
****
Surly Furious Minnesota , 6.2 % ABV
This IPA is an intense experience .
Put the glass down on the coffee table and you can smell the piney , lemony hops from several feet away .
Be sure to let it warm up to bring out the herbal notes :
We tasted sage and thyme along with oily pinesap and rich Scottish malt .
This beer is a mouthful , and it demands your full attention .
****
Red Racer India Pale Ale British Columbia , 6.5 % ABV
This IPA might be too bitter for some people , but hopheads will appreciate its racy hops and bright lemon peel flavor .
We were also reminded of black pepper , cloves , and pine branches , as well as a hint of papaya .
There 's some nuttiness to this creamy beer , and we 're big fans .
****
21st Amendment Brew Free or Die IPA California , 7 % ABV
This friendly , fruity beer reminded us of orange - pineapple juice .
It 's quite drinkable , aromatic , and appealing , and masks the alcohol level well .
This is an IPA that will appeal to many .
****
Maui Bikini Blonde Lager Hawaii , 4.5 % ABV
This beer 's scent reminded us of pineapple ; it tastes yeasty and rich .
This lager is smooth and creamy , with pear and hay flavors .
Very drinkable , with just a hint of sweetness .
****
Porkslap Pale Ale New York , 4.3 % ABV
This farmhouse ale pours dark amber and has a bit of barnyardy flavor .
It 's all about rich caramel malt , without much in the hops department .
The flavors reminded us of graham crackers , pecans , and honey butter .
This would be great with chili and cornbread .
If you 're looking to introduce someone to craft beers , this would be a great , easy place to start .
****
Sly Fox Royale Weisse Ale Pennsylvania , 5.6 % ABV
This citrusy unfiltered wheat beer is pleasantly tart .
We think it would be awesome with nachos , since it almost tastes like there 's lime in it .
Both refreshing and full - flavored , this beer has malty hints of cream soda .
***1/2
Oskar Blues Gordon Colorado , 8.7 % ABV
This double IPA is deeply hoppy , with an almost sticky pinesap and sweet orange flavor .
Rich malt balances the strong hop flavors and one taster pronounced this the best beer she 'd ever had in a can .
***1/2
Anderson Valley Poleeko Gold Pale Ale California , 5.5 % ABV
This crisp , medium - bodied pale ale is approachable and drinkable , with hints of orange peel and a bit of peachy sweetness .
This is definitely a beer you could bring to a party that includes both beer nerds and newbies , and it would be right at home with spicy food .
***1/2
Oskar Blues Mama's Little Yella Pils Colorado , 5.3 % ABV
This pilsner is dry and flavorful , a nice domestic alternative to Pilsner Urquell .
It has crisp , hoppy bitterness and enough body to stand up to spicy food .
This could be a winner with hot wings .
***1/2
Big Sky Trout Slayer Ale Montana , 4.7 % ABV
This wheat ale is a perfect Super Bowl beer — light and crisp , refreshing and drinkable .
There 's a bit of hoppy bitterness up front , but the finish is mild and soft .
One of our tasters immediately requested another of these .
***1/2
Caldera IPA Oregon , 6.1 % ABV
This tasty IPA smells like ruby red grapefruit juice and has a serious helping of caramel malt .
The finish is quite dry and bitter - - a little too bitter for some .
***1/2
Earthy Beers for Barbecue
Cucapá Obscura Mexico , 4.5 % ABV
This roasty brown ale had a hint of butterscotch and molasses , which convinced us it would be a winner with pulled pork or ribs , or any spicy food .
This beer is quite malty , with really nice toasty notes .
***1/2
Buckbean Black Noddy Lager Nevada , 5.2 %
If your Super Bowl plans involve smoky meatstuffs , consider tracking down this earthy Schwarzbier .
It has a delicate roasted flavor that increases as it warms — do n't serve this one too cold .
It has a hint of dry smoke flavor — some of our tasters loved it , while others were n't convinced .
***
Easy - Drinking Brews for a Long Game
Sly Fox Phoenix Pale Ale Pennsylvania , 5.25 % ABV
This beer is not actually that pale — it 's more like a hoppy amber , with tasty caramel malt flavors and a bit of hop bite .
It 's fresh - tasting and quite drinkable .
***
Keweenaw Pick Axe Blonde Michigan , 4.7 % ABV
This clean - tasting beer has subtle mandarin orange notes , with just a hint of bitterness .
The flavor reminded us of fresh baked yeasty bread with creamy butter on top .
The finish drops off cleanly .
***
Sly Fox Pikeland Pils Pennsylvania , 4.9 % ABV
This fruity pilsner has light apricot flavors , but some tasters found the bitter lemon - peel finish overwhelming .
***
New Belgium Sunshine Wheat Colorado , 4.8 % ABV
This accessible wheat beer poured very pale yellow , and was light and bright in flavor .
One taster was reminded of peach - flavored Clearly Canadian soda .
**1/2
Keweenaw Red Jacket Amber Ale Michigan , 5 % ABV
This easy - drinking session beer has toasty malt flavors , but seemed a little thin to some of our tasters .
It has likable hints of honey and orange tea flavor , but we were looking for something bolder .
**1/2
And For Dessert
Maui CoCoNut Porter Hawaii , 5.7 % ABV
This combination of flavors could go horribly wrong , but this is a beautifully made beer .
It is smooth and chocolaty with a nutty coconut finish that does n't overwhelm .
This may not be a beer we 'd drink every day , but its velvety richness was pretty seductive , especially since we love Mounds bars .
If you do n't like coconut , skip this one .
If you do , try pairing this beer with cheesecake .
**** for coconut - lovers only
Oskar Blues Ten Fidy Colorado , 9.5 % ABV
If you ever thought that canned beer could n't be serious , a sip of this imperial stout will knock that thought right out of your head .
This intense beer is rich , silky , and robust , with roasty flavors , a hint of smoke , and deep dark chocolate notes .
It 's a warming , potent beer , and not for everyone , but if you like imperial stouts you should give this a try .
***1/2
A Few Fumbles
Uncommon Brewers Siamese Twin California , 8.5 % ABV
This unusual dubbel - inspired beer is brewed with coriander , lemongrass , and kaffir lime .
The herbs , rich malt , and spicy belgian yeast flavors unfortunately do n't quite balance the potent alcohol level .
One taster said the flavor reminded him of Grand Marnier .
***
Sly Fox Dunkel Lager Pennyslvania , 5.3 %
This was n't our favorite of Sly Fox 's canned offerings .
It has a light breadiness and hints of caramel and licorice , but lacks complexity .
Some tasters thought the carbonation was a little over the top , and wished the flavor was a little more intense .
**1/2
Disclosure :
The beers from Ska , Maui , Caldera , Anderson Valley , Big Sky , Buckbean , New Belgium , Keweenaw , and Uncommon Brewers were review samples .
All products linked here have been independently selected by our editors .
We may earn a commission on purchases , as described in our affiliate policy .
Leftist protestors in the east Jerusalem neighborhood of Sheikh Jarrah claimed Sunday that officers policing the area are more violent towards them than towards right - wing activists , and that the latter group 's behavior was leading to their arrests .
The protest in Sheikh Jarrah is over a number of Jewish families who recently moved into the Palestinian neighborhood , causing the eviction of many of the permanent residents .
On Friday 20 activists demonstrating there were detained for 36 hours .
Friday Arrests 20 leftists arrested at Sheikh Jarrah rally Ronen Medzini Hundreds of Arabs , leftists protest in east Jerusalem neighborhood against Jewish settlement there .
Some activists arrested for attempting to break into Jewish homes .
Former minister Sarid : Police conduct makes me want to throw up 20 leftists arrested at Sheikh Jarrah rally
" The police are calling us outlaws and anarchists , despite the fact that the crowd here is mostly composed of professors from the Hebrew University and Jerusalemite teens who sing protest songs to the sound of drums , " said Avner Inbar , a left - wing activist .
He added that 90 of his colleagues have been arrested in the past month over claims that they attacked their right - wing counterparts .
" While the officers suppress our protests , sometimes violently , haredim and settlers riot unhindered in the neighborhood and attack Palestinian residents – sometimes to the point at which they require medical treatment , " Inbar said .
" Jerusalem Police see themselves as the operating arm of the settlers in east Jerusalem , and this conduct harms the police 's credibility . "
Support for the leftists ' claims has come from a surprising source .
Yehuda Glick , who chairs the Organization for Human Rights on the Temple Mount ( OHRTM ) , also said police were behaving violently towards the activists protesting in the neighborhood .
Leftist doused with pepper spray ( Photo : Gil Yohanan )
" Every man has the right to express his opinion and it is the police 's job to defend and not to hinder freedom of speech , " he told Ynet in an interview .
Glick recently published a statement condemning the arrests in Sheikh Jarrah as anti-democratic .
" Jerusalem is such a complex city , and instead of allowing freedom of speech there ( police ) are using excess force , " the statement said .
Additional criticism against the police came from Professor Amnon Rubinstein , who was also present at demonstrations .
" The haredim have unlimited freedom of protest , " he told Ynet in an interview .
" Only when they resort to serious violence is there a response . "
He added that he would appeal to the ministers of justice and interior to change this .
Strip searches and dirty sheets
Sarah Beninga was arrested on Friday , and 36 hours later found herself in a holding cell being interrogated on grounds of rioting .
" I was standing next to an ultra-Orthodox family that had entered the neighborhood and the officers just jumped on me and took me to their car .
I did n't push anyone or do anything , " Beninga said in an interview with Ynet .
Protest in Sheikh Jarrah ( Photo : AFP )
She added that she was held in inhumane conditions .
" I found myself undergoing a strip search and handing over all of my personal belongings , " she said .
" The sheets in the holding cell were dirty , and when I asked for a blanket I got a wet one .
I was n't treated like a human being , but like a criminal . "
Beninga also claimed police were discriminating against leftists .
" The haredim who protested at Intel torched garbage cans violently and without permits , but almost no one was arrested , " she said .
" On Friday settlers attacked Palestinians in the neighborhood and threw stones at them .
One of them sustained a head injury and had to be taken to the hospital .
All of this ended when a Palestinian was detained for questioning , but none of the settlers were arrested . "
But Jerusalem Police denied the claims vehemently .
" In recent weeks leftists and anarchists have held illegal protests that disturbed the peace time and again .
The protestors tried to break into Jewish homes , blocked roads , and attacked Jewish passersby and police officers , " the police said in a statement .
" Officers arrested a few dozen protestors when they refused to respond to calls to disperse .
They were brought before a court and released after indictments were filed against them .
Law enforcement will continue without discrimination , and no violations will be allowed in Sheikh Jarrah or anywhere else . "
This is an Android client for the KGS Go Server .
It lets you play go and watch games on the server .
This beta release is valid only until January 20 , 2010 - then it will no longer function .
To see what is new in this release , visit http://www.gokgs.com/help/androidInfo.html
i Phone related for KGS Beta Client
KGS Beta Client was developed for Android by The KGS Go Server
Package name : com.gokgs.client.androidBeta
This application is copy protected
System permissions : 3
Click here to show / hide list
android.permission.INTERNET
android.permission .WAKE_LOCK
android.permission.VIBRATE
I am the developer of this Application !
was developed for Android byPackage name : This application isSystem permissions :
Discussion(s ) about KGS Beta Client in our forum
Comments and Ratings for KGS Beta Client
All 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star
Filters :
200 - foot wide Star of David Israeli soldiers carved a into Palestinian farmland in Gaza with their tanks .
( Photo : UNOSAT )
Judge Richard Goldstone gave a speech at Yale last night and though he said he would not be talking about Gaza , his report came up again and again , and in fact the anti-Goldstoners tried to turn the event into a circus .
They waved Israeli flags , and two of them held up a banner comparing the judge ’s report to the Protocols of the Elders of Zion and the accusers of Dreyfus .
A group followed the judge afterward into the wine - and - cheese on the second floor , and surrounded him and some barked at him , and though now and then the judge held up his hand and turned away at a loud voice , he seemed ready for anything , and more than held his own , and left the crowd with an education in what it means to try and advance the regime of international law .
Goldstone ’s references to the report in the actual speech were pointed .
It is fine if Israel wishes to evade international investigation and prosecution by doing an investigation of its own .
That is a core principle of international law– complementarity – the idea that it is preferable that localities apply international standards law themselves .
But that investigation must not be behind closed doors , by the military , it must be open and credible .
I will get the actual quotes in a day or two .
He said that equality meant dignity ; and when we deny the dignity of other human beings , we dehumanize them , and pave the way to human rights violations .
The persecution of Gaza was all through that statement .
If militants are attacking you from the roof of a hospital , it does not mean that you can bomb the hospital ; it means that you must take care ; and yes maybe some civilians will die when you are going after the militants there , but it violates the principle of proportionality to fire missiles at the hospital .
The judge spoke of a hypothetical ; but it was a clear reference to the missile attacks on Al Quds Hospital in Gaza City that the Goldstone Report details –though the report never states that there were militants on the roof .
The Q - and - A was all Gaza .
A white - haired professor with an accent said , why should any country , Israel , Serbia , yield power to an international court , when we all know how political such courts can be .
Goldstone said it was a great question , then pointed out that such courts can only establish confidence through the steady application of legal processes and the cooperation of the powerful nations .
Why , he said , in ’96 Bill Clinton had specifically asked Nelson Mandela to allow Goldstone to extend his tenure as prosecutor in the international tribunal of the former Yugoslavia , even as American troops were going in there , because Clinton regarded him as a fair judge .
( So much for the US congressional resolutions condemning Goldstone , and Obama ’s dismissal of the judge ; no , it ’s Palestine , Jake ) .
A frenetic man at the back got applause when he said that Goldstone ’s standards were unequal .
What Israel did in Gaza does n’t come anywhere near what happened in Rwanda , or in other countries that routinely violate the rule of law .
Look at Sri Lanka .
20,000
Tamils were killed last year during the sectarian violence .
Where is the investigation of that ?
A good question , and the judge was brilliant .
" I recognize the distinction you seem to be making .
Similar crimes should be treated similarly " without exception .
But that ’s in a perfect world .
" It ’s not going to happen . "
If ten murders are committed in New Haven , and only one is prosecuted , the murderer who ’s prosecuted can say , I ’m treated unequally , nine peole are getting away with it .
And " morally and philosophically no one can disagree . "
But it ’s an " unfair " world .
Just because you ca n’t go after them all does n’t mean you should n’t go after any .
The thrust of his remarks was ,
We will never have a regime of international law until we begin to apply that law , to develop it , and if that means singling out the accessible , well we must do so .
And the reference to New Haven reminded us that all law is applied unequally .
The question was framed again , sharper this time .
A woman with an accent said– and I think there were a ton of Israelis in the hall –
Why the double standard ?
A few million people are killed in Africa , and nothing happens .
The judge was wise and frank .
" You know it ’s a complex issue …
It ’s a matter of politics , not of morality .
The United Nations has a dominant group of the non-aligned movement , and the issue of the Palestinians has assumed a tremendous importance to them , and they ’re using it . "
It used to be the South Africans , he said with equanimity .
There were many more UN resolutions passed against South Africa than against Israel .
" Humbly may I ask you , why you allow yourself to be used ? " the woman said .
" I do n’t see it that way at all .
I accepted what I regarded to be an evenhanded mandate .
I did n’t see myself as being used .
I heard exactly the same from the Serb leaders .
Why was I allowing myself to be used by an organization set up against Serbia by the United States .
You know , beauty is in the eye of the beholder . "
Applause from the silent majority .
Upstairs the circle of accusers formed around him near the door .
They angrily quoted his own words to him from clippings , or said he was afraid to debate Dershowitz , or said he was publicizing " untruths . "
Goldstone ’s a man of medium height with a round face and narrow owlish eyes and a calm slightly dour expression .
My friend said it ’s a face out of a 19th century oil portrait ; and the judge did not ever crack– a smile , a wince .
The Orthodox man who had held the banner about Protocols said he would convey the judge ’s words to the people of Auschwitz , and the judge turned away .
A woman said he was holding Israel to a higher standard , and the judge said that he was , you do that to countries that say they are democracies .
When someone said he should call it apartheid , he said that was an emotionally - laden term , so he avoided it –but in fact they did not have separate roadways in South Africa , as Israel does in the West Bank .
And when someone said that Israelis would not do such things , would not inflict wanton destruction –this was another Israeli , a woman , who had been in the army for Lebanon ’06 – the judge said that she should look at the satellite imagery accompanying his report ( the report is a pdf ) .
Israeli soldiers in their tanks had carved a 200 - foot wide Star of David into Palestinian farmland in Gaza , to be seen from the sky .
It seemed to upset the judge , and you can see why .
LONG BEACH , CA — TED 2010 .
Christopher Poole is not a name known by many , but Poole 's handle is certainly ( in ) famous : moot is the founder of 4 chan , the largest , most raucous , alternately hilarious and serious online community in the English - speaking world .
Whether it 's battling Scientology or , more recently , Australian censorship practices , 4 chan often leaps from its quotidian base of humor and porn to causes that reach far beyond the community .
It 's not difficult to understand why moot is speaking at TED , despite the fact that most TEDsters would be freaked out by most of the content on 4 chan 's boards .
Indeed , TED curator Chris Anderson said he was n't sure he could recommend everyone at TED visit the site .
But it was n't content that moot was here to address , it was a principle : that anonymity is a good thing , and that everyone should n't be in such a hurry to lose it .
As a featured speaker during the " Provocation " session , the 21 year - old took the stage after an awkward introduction .
He revealed that the site produces 700,000 posts in a day , from 7 million unique users .
The originator of Rickrolling and LOLcats , 4 chan is " raw " and " unfiltered . "
One of its community - generated rules is , " If it exists , there is porn of it .
No Exceptions . "
( This brought a hearty laugh from the attendees . )
In all , the talk was a very modest recap of 4 chan 's contributions to the Internet 's meme pool .
While moot spent most of the session just explaining what 4 chan is , he did devote some time to its battles .
The story of Dusty the Cat changed the tone of the talk quickly .
moot described how , in only 48 hours , the community tracked down a man who had posted videos of cat abuse .
The man was arrested , and moot used the story to illustrate how digital communities can do more than make funny pictures of cats .
His tale drew an ovation .
In the closing minutes , moot 's purpose for speaking became clear : he insisted that anonymity is a good thing , yet we 're all giving it up voluntarily .
He was n't talking about the NSA or tech policy or anything like that .
Rather , he said sites like 4 chan may go the way of the dinosaur because people are choosing to join social networking sites and persistent identity services .
One of the ' Net 's greatest strengths is disappearing as a result , but moot claimed that sites like 4 chan show that a lot of good can come of anonymity , too .
He seemed puzzled as to why everyone wants their identity tied to so much of what they say and do online .
Do people hold back ?
Do they censor themselves ?
The power of being able to say or post whatever you want is undeniably strong , but moot did n't speak to the dangers of anonymity .
In a brief question and answer exchange between moot and TED's Chris Anderson , moot said that money was n't the goal of creating 4 chan .
" The commercial picture is that there really is n't one , " he said .
More laughs , mostly uneasy , and I was left with a sense that many people in the room did not understand .
I did , because like 4 chan , Ars was started not to make money , but to service a community .
Whether or not 4 chan has a real commercial future is n't clear , moot said , but he was going back to school and hoped to apply all he has learned from 4 chan to some future venture .
When asked what his parents thought about 4 chan , he said that initially they had " pained , awkward conversations " about his creation .
He said that these days his parents are able to appreciate it because they do n't understand it .
I 'd imagine few do .
The left brain image shows the area of compromised white matter ( blue area ) among poor readers relative to good readers at the beginning of the study .
The center brain image shows the area where the structural integrity increased ( red / yellow area ) among poor readers who received the instruction , and it is very similar to the initially compromised area .
The right brain image shows that following the instruction , there were no differences between the good and poor readers with respect to the integrity of their white matter .
Credit : Timothy Keller and Marcel Just
Carnegie Mellon University scientists Timothy Keller and Marcel Just have uncovered the first evidence that intensive instruction to improve reading skills in young children causes the brain to physically rewire itself , creating new white matter that improves communication within the brain .
As the researchers report today in the journal Neuron , brain imaging of children between the ages of 8 and 10 showed that the quality of white matter — the brain tissue that carries signals between areas of grey matter , where information is processed — improved substantially after the children received 100 hours of remedial training .
After the training , imaging indicated that the capability of the white matter to transmit signals efficiently had increased , and testing showed the children could read better .
" Showing that it 's possible to rewire a brain 's white matter has important implications for treating reading disabilities and other developmental disorders , including autism , " said Just , the D.O. Hebb Professor of Psychology and director of Carnegie Mellon 's Center for Cognitive Brain Imaging ( CCBI ) .
Dr. Thomas R. Insel , director of the National Institute of Mental Health , agreed .
" We have known that behavioral training can enhance brain function .
The exciting breakthrough here is detecting changes in brain connectivity with behavioral treatment .
This finding with reading deficits suggests an exciting new approach to be tested in the treatment of mental disorders , which increasingly appear to be due to problems in specific brain circuits , " Insel said .
Keller and Just 's study was designed to discover what physically changes in the brains of poor readers who make the transition to good reading .
They scanned the brains of 72 children before and after they went through a six - month remedial instruction program .
Using diffusion tensor imaging ( DTI ) , a new brain imaging technique that tracks water movement in order to reveal the microscopic structure of white matter , Keller and Just found a brain change involving the white matter cabling that wires different parts of the brain together .
" Water molecules that are inside nerve fibers tend to move or diffuse parallel to the nerve fibers , " explained Keller , a CCBI research scientist and author of the first developmental study of compromised white matter in autism .
" To track the nerve fibers , the scanner senses areas in which many water molecules are moving along in the same direction and produces a road - map of the brain 's wiring . "
Previous DTI studies had shown that both children and adults with reading difficulty displayed areas of compromised white matter .
This new study shows that 100 hours of intensive reading instruction improved children 's reading skills and also increased the quality of the compromised white matter to normal levels .
More precisely , the DTI imaging illustrated that the consistency of water diffusion had increased in this region , indicating an improvement in the integrity of the white matter tracts .
" The improved integrity essentially increases communication bandwidth between the two brain areas that the white matter connects , by a factor of 10 , " Just said .
" This opens a new era of being able to see the brain wiring change when an effective instructional treatment is applied .
It lets us see educational interventions from a new perspective . "
Out of the 72 children , 47 were poor readers and 25 were reading at a normal level .
The good readers and a group of 12 poor readers did not receive the remedial instruction , and their brain scans did not show any changes .
" The lack of change in the control groups demonstrates that the change in the treated group cannot be attributed to naturally occurring maturation during the study , " Keller said .
Keller and Just also found that the amount of change in diffusion among the treated group was directly related to the amount of increase in phonological decoding ability .
The children who showed the most white matter change also showed the most improvement in reading ability , confirming the link between the brain tissue alteration and reading progress .
Additional analyses indicated that the change resulted from a decrease in the movement of water perpendicular to the main axes of the underlying white matter fibers , a finding consistent with increased myelin content in the region .
Although the authors caution that further research will be necessary to uncover the precise mechanism for the change in white matter , some previous findings indicate a role for electrical activity along axons in promoting the formation of myelin around them , providing a plausible physiological basis for intensive practice and instruction increasing the efficiency of communication among brain areas .
" We 're excited about these results , " Just said .
" The indication that behavioral intervention can improve both cognitive performance and the microstructure of white matter tracts is a breakthrough for treating and understanding development problems . "
Source : Carnegie Mellon University ( news : web )
Explore further Slow reading in dyslexia tied to disorganized brain tracts
Religion .
Robots .
Immigration .
Race .
The first episode of Caprica , the new Battlestar Gallactica ( BSG ) spinoff series , takes science and religion , layers on family drama in full Greek - tragic mode , and throws in a dose of dystopic anthropology .
And where better to engage all of these themes than in televised science fiction ?
Margaret Atwood once wrote that “ within the frequently messy sandbox of sci- fi fantasy , some of the most accomplished and suggestive intellectual play of the last century has taken place . ”
In that spirit , we ’ve convened a club of media and religion experts ( Diane Winston , Henry Jenkins , Salman Hameed , and Anthea Butler ) to take the pulse of the show every week , and to share their readings with us .
So Say We All .
[ Warning : Spoilers , spoilers , and more spoilers , follow .
If you have n’t yet , you can watch the full - length first episode here . ]
See here for the full list of discussions so far , or sign up here for the RSS feed .
Diane Winston ___________________________
Comrades , Capricsters , Y’all ( or simply Anthea , Henry and Salman ) :
If there had just been the BSG miniseries – Dayeinu
If there had been the miniseries and four seasons of BSG – Dayeinu
If there had been the miniseries , the four seasons , and the Caprica pilot – Dayeinu
But The Caprican ?
At the very moment when journalists wonder what and if they have a future , Ron Moore reveals we have a very deep past ( Did you catch the New York Times ’ bungling of the timeline ? )
Since none of you , as I do , teach journalism , this may seem incidental — but it goes to the heart of what made BSG a knockout series and may do the same for Caprica : the shows ’ embedded humanism .
Whereas most TV dramas are good guys versus bad guys , BSG and Caprica probe the passions that enliven us .
The pull of temptation , the cost of obsession , the slog to redemption ( yes , yes , and yes ) and then the biggest question of all :
Do you need to be a carbon - based life form to own and feel these ?
Teetering between “ must - see TV ” and bloated soap opera , BSG worked because the melodrama was grounded in the quotidian : model ships , dog tags , and toothbrushes .
Now with all the imaginable artifacts that could draw us into Caprica ’s odd collision of machines , mobsters , and monotheists , a newspaper — with ball scores , stock prices , and local weather makes it all so mundane , masking ( as our own newspapers tend to do ) the real stakes behind the stories .
So , besides reading The Caprican , here ’s what I look forward to as the season unfolds :
The pull of temptation : How far will Daniel Graystone go to see his daughter again ?
Watching Eric
Stolz is so enjoyable that I almost missed his small steps into monomania .
But when he sanctioned a mob hit to obtain the technology that could restore
Zoe to the “ real ” world , the truth of his fall was undeniable .
What ’s Graystone ’s real temptation ?
It ’s too early to tell whether it ’s scientific hubris , parental love , or the intrinsic entitlement of a super - rich genius .
But the impact of Graystone ’s fall on his wife , daughter , and society is the stuff of myth .
The cost of obsession : Ben Starks ’ obsession with the one true God caused the death of hundreds .
If Clarice Willow ’s veiled glances reflect the same commitment we can expect lots of righteous appeals for a rectitudinous monotheism in place of a dithering polytheism .
But at what cost ?
The slinky headmistress is less concerned with the morality of Ben ’s suicide bombing than the timing .
I ’d vote for less talk and more action on this score .
I ’m all for the enactment of religious extremism , but the debating seems heavy - handed .
The slog to redemption : Hello Joseph Adams .
Esai Morales ’ portrayal of a man torn between doing right and doing well is a lot closer to where most of us live than Eric Stolz ’s law - unto - himself role .
Adams feels stolid , close to the ground yet caught between Tauron tradition and Caprican possibility .
Disgusted by Graystone ’s bid to cheat death , he reaffirms his commitment to his son .
Where will that lead ?
On BSG , Adama spoke of his father ’s law practice with respect and reverence .
That ’s not what Adams was about this week .
We loved BSG because in the post - 9/11 moment , it captured our consternation and confusion .
Why do they hate us ?
Can we justify torture ?
What makes us human ?
When can we stop fighting ?
Moreover , it lodged these questions in the space between human passion and species survival , mediating the religious quest for meaning with the political will to win .
Caprica , going back to how this came to be , meets us in the present .
This is what we face , too : religious extremism , economic inequality , anti-immigrant fervor , a military increasingly dependent upon drones , the lure of the virtual worlds , and the comfort of slick surfaces .
Like BSG , Caprica asks , “ What makes us human ? ”
But this time , the answers seem a lot closer to home .
–DW 1/24/10
Henry Jenkins ___________________________
The opening sequences of Caprica already pose some interesting questions from my point of view .
What constitutes temptation and transgression on Caprica ?
The virtual world is depicted as a kind of carnival space where one is permitted to act out upon one ’s inner fantasies and desires , to experiment with identities , to test social boundaries and personal limits , because what goes on there is n’t “ real . ”
Throughout the episode , the space is shown to be one where violence and sexuality are explored in all of their dimensions — including , say , fantasies of human sacrifice which are not that common in virtual worlds on this planet , but reflect the particular ways that Caprica ’s religious conflicts have deformed the imagination of their children .
The scene where Zoe is caught tapping into the virtual world hidden away in a bathroom clearly connect this space with masturbation : it is obscene , off - scene , hidden from view , a source of shame , even though it is also something most teens do at one time or another .
We get hints that teens have constructed this space for themselves , exploiting technologies that adults have created for their own pornographic entertainment , and thus , it acts as an odd mirror of the adult world as it is imagined by the teens ; at once , what they anticipate adults desire and fantasize about and what adults prohibit and sanction against .
This association of the carnival world with adolescence hints at this as a kind of rite of passage — a time betwixt and between childhood and full adult responsibilities .
Much like game worlds , it occurs within a space where actions have been stripped of real - world consequences , though from the first , we discover that Zoe has discovered ways to make what happens in this space count : she ’s turned to it as a space of religious conversion and political activism .
One of the recurring images in this virtual world is the sight of two women kissing , perhaps reflecting the perceived discomfort of a contemporary Tauran spectator , yet oddly situated in the world of Caprica since we have certainly seen that homosexuality is accepted in a pretty matter - of - fact way in the world depicted in Battlestar Galactica .
Did the values change so dramatically over the years between the two series ?
Did they shift as Caprica came into contact with other worlds ?
In response to the destruction the Cylons brought about ?
Or do the two series have different conceptions about the range of what constitutes normal human sexuality ?
Or does this image simply seem shocking to adolescence in this culture ?
Another element which fascinated me in the pilot episodes were the black gloves which the Adams / Adama family wears as a marker of their mourning and loss .
This came to mind because I had a conversation recently with a new convert to Battlestar Galactica who was rattling through the minority characters on the series and did n’t mention Admiral Adama .
When I pointed out that he was marked as Chicano ( at least through the casting of Edward James Olmos ) in the part , there was a moment of honest surprise .
Despite Olmos ’ history as an actor and director who has consistently called attention to the Chicano experience through his work , his ethnicity is scarcely noted in the series and indeed , seems even more tenuous when we take the family to the next generation and look at Apollo , who follows in his grandfather ’s footsteps to become a lawyer , but comes across as totally white bread in the context of the series .
Yet , the ethnicity of the Adama family is marked over and over again in the course of the Caprica pilot .
They are “ dirt eaters , ” who escaped from harsh positions on their home world , and are struggling to gain acceptance in Caprica .
They struggle with the taint of ties with organized crime and with the distrust of their new government .
It is a classic immigrant story , made all the more poignant by the contrast between the two brothers : one tattooed in ways which make it impossible for him to deny his own identity , while the other seeks to mask his identity , having adopted an assimilating name and demeanor .
He refuses his mother - in - law ’s suggestion that he take his son back to the world they came from , yet he ’s continuing to maintain the wearing of the glove ; which is seen here as at once a religious and a cultural practice .
It has lost much of its religious significance for him .
He has trouble explaining what it means or why he does it .
It marks him and his son off from others around them as different .
Yet he holds steadfastly to this practice .
Will the series further explore the ways this family moves from the periphery to the center of Caprican culture ?
So many science - fiction stories depicted the act of producing artificial life as an act of creation : the desire to create a “ new Adam ” in our own image .
And Zoe ’s act of creating her avatar and imprinting it with her own memory comes close to that thematic .
Much as her God , we are told , has a higher purpose for her , she has created this avatar to serve a higher purpose for her .
It ’s striking here that the default seems to be to produce an avatar which looks as much as possible like us , while in our world , we know people have complex relations with their avatar , somethings seeking photorealism , sometimes seeking to amplify their favorite aspects of themselves , and sometimes becoming someone profoundly different from who they are in everyday life .
Yet here , creating an avatar is replicating oneself — perhaps because it intensifies the other thematic around creating virtual life here : the act of bringing someone back from the dead .
Here , it is not so much an act of creation as re-creation .
This is also a theme in science fiction ( think about A.I. and Astroboy as two examples ) where a sense of profound loss — in all three cases , that of the father of a dead child — leads them to technological breakthroughs and the creation of alternative life forms .
I was most taken though by the plight of Adama ’s daughter , who is brought back from the dead not through an act of self - creation but against her will ; who is inserted into an empty world , a purgatory space , which she does n’t recognize and understand , and is abandoned there , treated as an unnatural abomination , as a monster , by her own father and forgotten by the man who created her .
( Shades of Frankenstein , but also some suggestions here of Buffy the Vampire Slayer , the series Jane Espenson worked for before Caprica , where Buffy ’s friends bring her back from the dead , like Lazarus , and she finds herself experiencing deep pain and trauma at being ripped from paradise and plunged back into our imperfect world .
In fact , Espenson wrote “ After Life , ” a key episode in the exploration of this theme in Buffy .
I hope the series will explore more fully what happens to this girl and how her experiences differ from Zoe’s . )
Battlestar Galactica feels much more like a science - fiction series than this one ( if only because it follows the space - opera conventions so fully ) , even as it drew so much inspiration from our own culture .
Caprica by contrast creates a world which looks and feels very much like our present society .
Did anyone notice the battered microwave oven in the Adama kitchen which looks , if anything , out of date even today ?
They have stripped away the science fiction trappings as much as possible to give this story greater immediacy .
The producers have talked about appealing to folks who do n’t normally like sci-fi .
But what that does is make the few explicitly science - fiction elements stand out that much more : the recurring focus on new media ( from the virtual world to the digital paper ) , A.I. / robotics , and alternative religious / cultural institutions .
It is striking that the series in many ways is treating polytheism as the norm in the culture while depicting monotheism as the radical other .
It ’s a safe bet that more monotheists are watching the series than polytheists .
So , there is a certain kind of estrangement which must take place when the film consistently links monotheism with radical practices and even terrorism .
In the past , we ’ve seen the Cylons consistently depicted as monotheistic , but the series worked over time to break down the walls between man and machine , suggesting common identities , experiences , emotions , beliefs , and desires between them because they are so implicated in each other ’s histories .
Lots more to say but it will have to wait until next time .
-HJ 1/24/10
Anthea Butler ___________________________
I can exhale .
Ron Moore & Co. are back in my life to give my Friday nights meaning !
With the premier of Caprica ( which I must admit I paid to watch back in May ’ 09 ) I can continue to bond not with humanity , but with the Cylons .
Yeah , I know , I am a geek .
What I believe will be compelling about the backstory of how the Cylons came to be is the emphasis on morals , ethics , ethnicity , and the search for meaning .
Caprica , a society of privilege and wealth , obviously has problems .
Rich white kids from Caprica like Zoe hate their accomplished selfish parents , while nice ethnic middle - class families from Tauron have obedient children trying to assimilate into the broader culture .
Stereotypes blow into oblivion however , when a terrorist bombing by Zoe ’s handsome young friend Ben—anxious , but looking very Middle Eastern in appearance — blows the train Zoe and Tamara are riding on , and both girls “ die ” in the crash .
Although I am a bit perturbed by the racial stereotyping ( damn it , ca n’t a bomber just be other than Middle Eastern ?
Swedish , maybe ? )
What I believe is Caprica ’s genius is to use the stereotypes and add another type of hybrid life form into the mix .
Daniel Greystone ’s nefarious capture of his daughter ’s essence in her “ second life ” world and downloading it to the Cylon is sick and brilliant .
Enlisting Tamara ’s father , Joseph Adama ( yes , Commander Adama ’s father ) to steal the metacognitive processes part he needs to complete the transfer of Zoe ’s personality into his Cylon prototype , he implicates his own family in the future destruction of humanity .
Zoe ’s life is like that web site FMylife , instead on Caprica , it ’s frak my life .
Imagine : you ’re a teenager thinking about blowing up a virtual reality club , your parents find out you are in trouble at school and ground you .
In the process of running away from home you “ die ” .
Your dad pretends to love your virtual reality self , but instead , captures you and sticks you into a giant metal body .
That ’s a new one in the annals of grounding .
Instead of wearing cute uniforms to school , Zoe is stuck in a grown - up war game , shooting at robots and trying to come to terms with an new roving red eye , and metal fingers no manicure could ever soften .
Yeah .
Sounds like Dr. Spock childrearing 101 to me .
Nothing like a sick helicopter parent .
The real genius of Caprica will be the weekly mind game Ron Moore and his crew are going to play with us about when life begins , and ends .
Does life continue after physical “ death , ” and if life is not in a human body , is it really “ human ” after all ?
How does a new religious movement gain followers ?
What are the moral and ethical implications of a society that has lost its moral center and stokes its fear by creating the ultimate “ protection force ” that will eventually obliterate its creators ?
Most importantly , what does it mean to have a body ?
And how do you use it ?
These questions , I believe , will be uppermost in my mind as I watch the rest of the season .
I have to admit though , what was most compelling to me was not the “ affluence porn ” that New York Magazine referred to in their recap of the show , but Club V itself .
The virtual reality club where you could literally “ get your freak on ” was the most interesting part of the show for me .
Sex rooms , fight clubs , killing games and human sacrifice suggest to me that Moore and the writers are interested , given the end of Battlestar Galactica , in positioning humanity as “ less than ” evolved in a polytheistic world of hedonism and wealth — and that “ monotheism ” provides the way to enlightenment , discipline , and a higher evolutionary level .
I agree with Diane that the question of “ what does it mean to be human ” is core to BSG and Caprica .
I still ca n’t help but wonder though , is being a part Cylon / part human better ?
Or is pure machine the epitome of creation ?
Hopefully , Caprica will help to answer some of those questions this season .
-AB 1/25/10
Salman Hameed___________________________
The pilot of Caprica brought about the same level of messiness ( and a definite promise of more ) that made Battlestar Galactica such a captivating series .
Whereas BSG dealt with the survival of humanity and the instincts that make us do good and bad , Caprica delves into the question of what makes us human in the first place .
Here are two things ( among many ) that captured my attention in the pilot and I ’m looking forward to how they are dealt with in the series :
a ) Personhood :
At a time when we are seeing the growing effectiveness of prosthetic limbs and artificial organs , it is fascinating to explore the limits ( if any ) of these body part replacements .
At what point do we say that this is a different “ person ” than the original ?
Should we draw the line at the brain ( a la the jar heads in Futurama ) ?
Should it even matter ?
Perhaps the best twist in the pilot was the fact that Zoe ’s virtual creation ( not her own avatar , but a copy of her avatar ) knows that she has all the memories and life - experiences of her creator , and yet , that she is different .
She is now also aware that her “ real - world ” creator is dead , and she is on her own .
Will the knowledge of her creator ’s death drive her “ personality ” in a particular direction ?
This self - awareness of a virtual creation also reminded me of issues raised in Solaris ( also the Soderbergh version ) and in last year ’s fantastic Moon .
b) Afterlife : A belief in some sort of afterlife is central to many religions and it may have been pivotal in the origins of religions in the first place .
How will this play out on Caprica , where the boundaries between what is alive and what is not are already getting quite blurry ?
Does it shape monotheism or polytheism in a particular direction ?
In addition to all this , we have the monomania ( as Diane calls it ) of Daniel Greystone that is leading him to create his own version of life - after - death — and the cost that humans will eventually end up paying 58 years later .
As Henry pointed out with a comparison with Buffy , the issue of life after death is a fertile area of exploration for this series , alongside the psyche of suicide bombers .
More to say later .
In the mean time , Fridays are locked for Caprica .
-SH 1/25/10
WASHINGTON -- President Barack Obama praised lawmakers for restoring a measure that aims to bring federal spending under control in his weekly radio address Saturday , but expressed concern that politics may still get in the way of reducing the massive deficit .
Mr. Obama also vowed in his weekly speech to press ahead with an executive order to create a new bipartisan fiscal commission charged with recommending ways to reduce the deficit -- a measure that has faced opposition from some Republicans .
" After ...
The government has faced criticism that the system is too lax Tougher rules have been brought in to stop people abusing the student visa system to remain illegally in the UK .
Home Secretary Alan Johnson said 30 % of migrants who came into the UK were on student visas and a number were adults taking short courses , not degrees .
Under the new rules , applicants will need to speak English to near - GCSE level and those on short courses will not be able to bring dependants .
The Tories said the system had been the " biggest hole in border controls " .
The Home Office would not confirm reports the changes may cut visas issued this year by tens of thousands .
A spokesman said a review of student visas had been ordered in November .
In 2008/ 9 , about 240,000 student visas were issued by the UK .
News of the new measures comes a week after student visa applications from Nepal , northern India and Bangladesh were suspended amid a big rise in cases .
' Legitimate study '
Last year the UK introduced a system requiring students wishing to enter the country to secure 40 points under its criteria .
The biggest hole in the student visa system is caused by the Tory and Labour abolition of exit checks
Chris Huhne
Lib Dem shadow home secretary
Send us your comments
However , the government has faced criticism that this has allowed suspected terrorists and other would - be immigrants into the UK , only for them to stay on despite their visas being temporary .
Speaking on the BBC's Andrew Marr Show , the home secretary denied the system had been lax before .
" By 2011 , we will have the most sophisticated system in the world to check people not just coming into the country but to check they have left as well , " he said .
He said the UK remains open to those foreign students who want to come to the UK for legitimate study .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" We are the second most popular location for people going into higher education , " he said .
" We have to be careful that we are not damaging a major part of the UK economy , between £ 5bn and £ 8bn . "
Immigration Minister Phil Woolas told the BBC's Politics Show 200 bogus colleges had been closed .
" Students have foreign national identity cards .
We have the e-Border counting in and counting out , " he said .
" The latest proposals are a response to the moves by people who are trying to get round the system . "
Under the measures , effective immediately : • Successful applicants from outside the EU will have to speak English to a level only just below GCSE standard , rather than beginner level as at present •
Students taking courses below degree level will be allowed to work for only 10 hours a week , instead of 20 as at present •
Those on courses which last under six months will not be allowed to bring dependants into the country , while the dependants of students on courses below degree level will not be allowed to work • Additionally , visas for courses below degree level with a work placement will also be granted only if the institutions they attend are on a new register , the Highly Trusted Sponsors List .
Liberal Democrat home affairs spokesman Chris Huhne said the UK needed to " restore immediately control of our borders " .
Many of these students , if they are coming here using this route for illegal migration , will pay thousands of pounds to usually criminal gangs
Alan Johnson
Home Secretary
" The biggest hole in the student visa system is caused by the Tory and Labour abolition of exit checks , which means we do not know if someone has left once their visa runs out , " he said .
Conservative shadow home secretary Chris Grayling said the student visa system had been the " biggest hole in our border controls for a decade " .
" Ministers should be ending the situation where a student visa is a way of coming to the UK to stay , by banning the practice of moving from course to course in order to stay on and stopping overseas students from applying for work permits without going home first , " he said .
The party has also proposed that overseas students should pay a cash deposit which would be lost if they did not leave the country when their course finished .
And Conservative backbencher Mark Pritchard has gone further and proposed universities withhold degree certificates until foreign students can prove they have returned to their home countries .
But Mr Johnson said Mr Grayling 's plan would just add another level of bureaucracy .
" Many of these students , if they are coming here using this route for illegal migration , will pay thousands of pounds to usually criminal gangs , " he said .
" The thought of losing a bond is not going to solve this problem . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
* * *
* * *
* * *
[ email protected ]
It is rare to hear an athletic commission refer to criminality , particularly in respect to their own actions .
But the case of Terry Norris was inescapable , even to Nevada State Athletic Commission Chairman Dr. Elias Ghanem .
"
We will be really criminal if we let that happen the way he is now , " Ghanem said , referring to Norris ' appeal to have his boxing license reinstated .
Norris was a skilled lightweight boxer with fast hands and knockout power .
He had a brilliant amateur career ( 291 - 4 ) before moving on to a 47 - 9 professional career and several years as champion .
In February 2000 , attempting a comeback , Norris appealed to the NSAC for reinstatement of his license .
After witnessing Norris ' slurred speech at the hearing , and comparing it to tapes of intact speech from only a few years prior , the request was unanimously denied .
Norris 's camp explained the slurred speech was due to " lazy speech syndrome " -- a condition unknown to medicine .
The commission , voiced by its vice chairman , disagreed : " We believe there is evidence of chronic brain injury .
He should not fight again .
” Terry Norris was 33 years old -- a young but not atypical victim of Dementia Pugilistica .
For well over a century , people involved in the world of fight sport have known that old age is harsh on fighters .
In the 1920s a landmark paper was published detailing a syndrome of crippling senility in former fighters -- Dementia Pugilistica .
At that time the prevalence of the disease was found to be approximately 20 percent of professional fighters .
In the ensuing 100 years little changed : Today the rate of Dementia Pugilistica is still approximately 20 percent , and science has no idea what makes some fighters susceptible and others resistant .
Dementia Pugilistica , also known as Boxers ' Dementia or Punch Drunk Syndrome , develops gradually and is irreversible .
The early signs are subtle : changes in personality , impaired judgment , confusion , discrete deficits in memory .
Over time the psychiatric complications become more profound -- paranoia , impulsivity , aggression , depression , and ultimately functional dementia .
Neuromotor dysfunction coincides with the psychiatric decline .
Sufferers endure slurred speech , tremors , gait disturbance and gradually decline into immobility .
Research on Dementia Pugilistica has brought two primary things to light .
First , although the disease was long thought to be an acceleration of normal aging , perhaps a form of Alzheimer 's disease brought on by trauma , the evidence proves otherwise .
Alzheimer 's disease produces scarring diffusely throughout the brain , but autopsy studies of ex-boxer 's brains show a very different pattern of injury .
In boxers ' brains the scarring is predominantly along the surfaces of the brain , most commonly along the frontal and temporal lobes where punches have led to repeated contact between the bony prominences of the inner skull and the delicate surface of the brain .
The second important modern discovery regarding boxers ' dementia is that it is not limited to boxers .
Former rugby players , football players and wrestlers such as Chris Benoit have all been known to suffer from neuro - psychiatric diseases similar to boxers .
Modern autopsy studies have proven what was long suspected -- these athlete ’s brains have the same lesions as Dementia Pugilistica .
The term Dementia Pugilistica , applying only to “ pugilists , ” is outdated :
The disease is now known as Chronic Traumatic Encephalopathy ( CTE ) .
This has been a watershed moment : Boxer 's dementia has been rebranded and mainstreamed .
No longer is CTE fight sport 's dirty little secret .
With Hall of Fame NFL players speaking openly about their disease , with autopsy studies on 18 - year - old football players showing pathognomonic brain scarring , CTE can no longer be marginalized .
It ’s well known that the NFL has recently taken an active interest in CTE .
Less well known is that the science behind the NFL ’s new concern comes primarily from fighters .
The NFL ’s appropriation of boxing ’s brain damage data is well founded ; skull accelerations in head punches are similar to football collisions -- 50 - 80 g's .
That bears repeating :
These athletes ’ brains endure jolts 50 to 60 times the acceleration of gravity .
Until recently football apologists argued that their sport was safer than boxing because of the relative paucity of knockouts and the use of helmets .
These arguments have been proven to be fatuous .
Helmets offer only a fig leaf of protection to acceleration , and sub - knockout concussions -- being “ dazed ” or “ dinged ” -- have been strongly implicated in CTE .
This last datum is the most worrisome for fighters .
Even blows to the head that do n’t cause a knockout -- the euphemistically named minor traumatic brain injury ( MTBI ) -- cause cumulative permanent damage .
In Terry Norris ’ pro career , he suffered only a handful of knockouts .
But in his whole career , all 351 fights , it is impossible to know how many head blows and low - grade concussions he endured .
And it is that data that may be the most important .
For any competitor in fight sport the number of blows to the head is incalculable : uncounted hours of sparring , amateur fights , professional fights -- even a short career entails tens of thousands of MTBI events .
How many blows to the head has Couture endured ?
Nogueira ?
Wanderlei Silva
It is true that there is compelling evidence that MMA is safer than boxing .
But “ safer ” is not safe .
MMA fighters are starting younger , are enticed by the money involved to fight longer and eventually MMA will have a cohort of neurologically impaired veterans of its own .
With the overwhelming medical , scientific and epidemiologic evidence that a career worth of head blows leads to CTE in one out of five fighters , the moral imperative for some meaningful change is inarguable .
The sport is too good not to be better .
Unfortunately , even if the need for greater safety is clear , what actually can be done to lessen the danger of CTE in combat sports is less certain .
Football or rugby can adapt new equipment or rules to lessen the danger ; fight sport has less clear options .
In general , most of a fighter 's head blows -- if not the most severe -- will occur during training , out of reach of promoters and athletic commissions .
Heavily padded gloves may paradoxically worsen the danger .
Headgear appears to be of limited use , may even be harmful and , in any event , is unpopular with fighters and fans alike .
Further , it is difficult to stop what can not be demonstrated to exist in real - time .
Pre-autopsy testing for MTBI is effectively unavailable .
The commonly used CAT scan -- which does show bleeding -- does not show MTBI .
Blood tests for evidence of brain injury are unreliable , and lumbar puncture testing is impractical .
The long delay between traumatic insult in a fight and onset of symptoms means that a fighter who shows no quantifiable evidence of injury during his career can still develop CTE at a relatively young age .
Almost certainly the greatest barrier to preventing CTE in fight sport will be the tolerance of promoters and fans .
Violence sells .
A Google search for " Top 10 MMA Knockouts " produces 60,000 hits .
A search for " Top 10 MMA well - fought three - round decisions " is strangely silent .
The violence is promoted and well compensated , the harm it causes de-emphasized and well hidden .
But there is reason for hope :
The Nevada State Athletic Commission vice chairman mentioned in this article who was so disturbed by Terry Norris ' fight - related brain damage is a familiar figure to fight fans : Mr. Lorenzo Fertitta .
I understand he has some pull in the world of MMA .
We shall see how he uses it .
Our friends over at phandroid were just passed along some images of the Motorola Motus .
Â
According to their tipster , we can start calling this one the Enzo , however it might be Backflip by the time it rolls out .
Â
The images finally help us understand just how the hinges and backflipping is going to work .
The keyboard is “ always revealed and flips from the back as you can see in the picture .
When the keyboard is open a touchpad on the back of the phone is revealed which allows you to easily scroll through webpages and apparently it works very well . ”
Like the Cliq , the handset is based off of MOTOBLUR with the Android 1.5 backbone .
Â Â
In a move that reminds us of Verizon would do , it appears AT&T is branding the phone with their own apps and yanking out the Google stuff .
Â
This does n’t come as a surprise as it echoes sentiments expressed by CEO Ralph de la Vega earlier this year .
I mean , the whole idea behind Android is that itâ€™s gonna be an open OS , and so I donâ€™t wanna roll an open OS to market that has primarily Google apps on it , and I think thatâ€™s gonna happen .
I mean , I see a lot of activity , I think itâ€™s got a good future , and I think it makes a lot of sense that the OS is open - source , separate from Google apps that are also very good .
Based on the pictures , we can see the following AT&T titles loaded on the Enzo .
Yahoo !
Search
AT&T Navigator
AT&T Music
AT&T Radio
AT&T Maps
Appcenter
The phone itself is said to have a 528 MHz Qualcomm MSM7201A processor , a 5 MP camera and LED flash , a 3.1 inch touchscreen , 512 MB ROM , and 256 MB RAM .
So what do you think ?
Any AT&T customers want to weigh in on what you think of the potential first crack at Android ?
Hit or Miss ?
Â
Does the word ‘ flagship ’ come to mind when you look at it ?
Anonymous , the internet - based group that has waged sporadic wars on Scientology over the last two years , has released a new letter .
Prompted , apparently , by the fawning Today Show piece on Scientologists in Haiti they intend to act .
The group , given to wearing V for Vendetta Guy Fawkes masks , and pictured above during widely publized protests against the church in 2008 , released this message .
Hello [ audience ] .
We are Anonymous .
We wish it it were under more favorable circumstances that we have chosen to address the world .
However , after the demonstrably inaccurate interpretation handling of the victims of the Haiti earthquake as per the work of the Scientology ' Volunteer ' Ministers , Anonymous could not remain silent .
The Volunteer Ministers are volunteers only in name .
Their self - proclaimed humanitarian efforts have been shown to be harmful and self - serving time and time again .
In the wake of the September Eleventh attacks at the World Trade Center , they impeded the work of the New York City Fire Department , and falsely claimed to have been given a reward for their efforts .
These efforts involved little more than handing out pamphlets for the works of L. Ron Hubbard , while intentionally hindering the work of mental health professionals aiding the victims .
This same pattern of self - promotion at the expense of victims of disasters does not end there .
Following the tsunami at Sri Lanka , the Volunteer Ministers attempted to convert the vulnerable and suffering victims into their cult , promising them aid and salvation at the expense of their livelihood ***.
These actions were repeated following the terrorist attack at the Ramada Inn in India *** and the Subway bombings in London , England .
In short : Scientology does not see a disaster as a tragedy , but rather , as a business opportunity .
First - hand accounts [ [ LINK TO GAWKER ARTICLE ] ] , condemnations from legitimate aid groups [ [ SCREENSHOTS OF ARTICLES ] ] , and even leaked documents from Scientology 's corporate heirarchy itself [ [ SCREENSHOTS OF DOX ] ] all confirm the cowardly and parasitic nature of the self - proclaimed Volunteer Ministers .
The very same self - serving , opportunistic proselytizing has been taking place in Haiti .
Scientology has taken every opportunity to release their own manufactured press releases , taking credit for the work of legitimate relief groups .
They arrived completely unprepared [ [ SCREENSHOTS OF THE COWBOY BOOTS REPORT HERE ] ] , and were told to leave by the United States military [ [ SCREENSHOT HERE ] ] .
An untrained Scientologist was alleged to be assisting a surgeon , using tools that had not been sterilized .
This is blatant medical malpractice .
John Travolta has also left several trained medical professionals behind at an airport , instead making it his priority to bring untrained Scientologists into the country with the sole intent of disseminating L. Ron Hubbard materials to an already vulnerable and suffering population .
Know this , Scientology :
We are watching you .
With every move you make , every victim you exploit , and every piece of choreographed propaganda you release into the mainstream media , the public already knows the truth about your organization .
You are not fooling anyone , and no amount of proselytizing will change this .
You have already been convicted in the court of public opinion .
It is now only a matter of time before you are convicted in a court of law .
We are Anonymous .
We are Legion .
We do not forgive .
We do not forget .
Expect us .
I was rather surprised when this item of note was pointed out to me a few days ago .
See the list at The Times Online .
They write :
Whether you are new to blogs or a practised poster , Eureka ’s Top 30 Science Blogs will not disappoint .
After much heated debate , the Eureka team have picked 30 of their favourite science , environment , health and technology blogs .
If you want to know more about the latest NHS catastrophe or climate change scandal , someone on our list will have it covered .
It seems WUWT ’s inclusion has prompted quite a bit of derision by people who think WUWT should not be included .
I understand that for some people , challenging scientific consensus on climate change is a basis to claim that this blog is “ anti-scientific ” .
I do n’t worry about such labels , because science is supposed to be all about challenges .
Science through history has remade itself in the face of challenges to the prevailing consensus .
Earth centered universe , plate tectonics , and the cause of stomach ulcers were all arguments related to challenging consensus .
Given what we ’ve observed going on with Climategate these past few months , it appears that we are witnessing another case of challenges to consensus remaking science .
It ’s always a nasty business when closely held beliefs are challenged , so invective right now should be considered a feature , and not a bug in the process .
I did get a chuckle though from a response posted by another blog honored on the list .
Deltoid by Tim Lambert Stimulating musings on the environment and the social implications of science , though Lambert ’s background is actually in computing .
He wrote of his own blog ’s inclusion :
If they are going to include my blog on their list of the top 30 science blogs , I ca n’t help but link to them .
There are some good blogs on their list which is only marred by the inclusion of Anthony Watts ’ anti-science blog .
Heh .
I ’ll simply offer my congratulations to Mr. Lambert , and to the other blogs on the list .
I ’ll also wish Mr. Lambert well in his upcoming debate with Lord Monckton .
That should be interesting and fun to watch , no matter what side of consensus you live on .
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
EA and DICE began a grand experiment in North America with Battlefield : Heroes , a free - to - play , casual shooter that would allow anyone to download the client and play for free .
You could buy certain items to give yourself an edge , sure , but it was just as easy to earn in - game Valor Points ( VP ) to purchase weapons and widgets for use in the game .
Many gamers did just this , earning VP in their regular gaming session without ever paying a dime .
Others made a few purchases here and there to round out their items .
It seems gamers simply were n't spending enough money , though , as a recent price restructuring destroys the ability to play without spending real money .
The cost of all items in terms of the free VP has been increased substantially , while the cost of items in " BattleFunds , " which you buy with real money , has been decreased .
In other words , it 's now impossible to earn or keep decent equipment simply by playing ; you 're going to need to get out the checkbook to stay competitive on the servers .
The game 's player base is , to put it mildly , enraged .
While you 'll never be stuck without a gun , upgraded weapons and gear give players a huge advantage in practical terms .
The new pricing structure ensures that no one will be able to play enough to earn gear in the game .
The response from the community has been immediate and negative : as of publication time , the thread talking about the change has reached 69 pages , each page filled with unhappy gamers .
One gamer worked out the math to figure out how much he would now have to play to earn a single super weapon .
" So , 450 VP a day ... at a maximum of 7 VP a game , that 's 50 games a day .
About 4 hours worth of playing , " he explained .
" Now , when you lose a round you can only get 5 VP , making the amount of rounds you need to play each day to keep ONE weapon about 60 , which is about 5 hours playtime , every day , for one Uber / Super weapon . "
That may seem dense with in - game jargon , but the point is clear : no one but the most hardcore players will be able to use high - end weapons without paying for them .
Some players have linked the original trailer for the game , where games that reward grinding are mocked .
Ironically , in one update EA and DICE have inflicted Battlefield : Heroes with the very disease it was supposed to cure .
What should be troubling is that many of the complaining gamers stated that they were occasionally buying items just to support the game and to give themselves a boost here and there .
The trick was no one felt like they had to spend money to have a good time .
Now to play at the same level they were enjoying , there is no choice but to dump cold , hard cash into the game .
Other gamers make their points clearly , and not a little sadly .
" Now it 's impossible for me to play the game for free .
I can't even afford the long ranged pistol anymore , let alone bandages .
Let me make this clear : now it takes 22 wins for us to earn enough VPs to rent a weapon for a day .
If each match is 10 minutes long , that means I 'll have to play for 3 hours and a half with a stellar team just to afford the weapon .
This is not a casual game .
I can't even be a knife + pistol commando anymore , " one poster wrote .
" As a commando , I can't be around a soldier all the time .
I need bandages to stop burning bullets , and I need them to heal myself after each knife fight .
Since I can't afford bandages anymore , this means that even if I manage to knife a gunner down , I 'm going to die next time I attack someone , because I wo n't have any more HPs .
Well , that 's not going to happen , because I quit .
I do n't want to do this , but I really have no choice other than paying to play , and I can't afford it right now . "
That sort of reasoning is repeated over and over throughout the thread .
People want to play , but the new pricing means that in order to be effective in the game you either have to play for hours upon hours a day , or pay money .
The " free " nature of the game has been eliminated ; as configured now with the current pricing , it simply wo n't be fun unless you pay for items .
The signatures in the game 's forum have taken a humorous tern — we've included some of them in this story — but this update has a very real chance of ending the game .
People enjoyed Heroes because it did n't require a grind , and it was n't expensive .
Now EA has forced gamers to make a choice between three options : quit , start playing for hours a day , or get out the wallets .
Bad news for the game 's population , as none of those options are very palatable .
u Torrent 2.0 went gold a few days ago , and the latest stable version of the incredibly popular torrent client introduces several useful new features for those who have n't been playing around with the beta .
( Credit : Screenshot by Seth Rosenblatt / CNET )
The first and most technical , but also most important , is the introduction of uTP .
The uTorrent Protocol will natively prevent one person 's connection from crowding out all the others .
In a blog post , Simon Morris , the vice president of product management for uTorrent 's parent company BitTorrent , predicted that uTP would result in faster average download speeds .
This network congestion mitigation could result in Internet service providers being less hostile to torrenting , he said , and he hoped that it would result in a friendlier environment between network operators and the network users .
Basically , uTP will slow down all torrent traffic until whatever is causing the congestion is cleared up .
However , while uTorrent 's programmers are banking on uTP changing the torrenting world for the better , they 've also been pragmatic in adding features to version 2.0 .
The transfer cap feature , accessible from the Preferences menu under Options , allows users whose ISPs have set download and upload limits .
Importantly , the feature also includes the ability to track the upload and download rates over a recent time period .
The default is set to 31 days .
( Credit : Screenshot by Seth Rosenblatt / CNET )
Skins have sort of come to uTorrent 2.0 , but do n't expect a simple interface for switching them around .
There 's no " skins " menu option , so they must be added manually .
Once you 've selected one from the uTorrent skin site , it must be saved to your uTorrent folder .
On Windows XP , that 's C : \Documents and Settings \Username \Application Data\uTorrent .
On Vista and Windows 7 , that 's most likely E: \Users\Username \AppData\Roaming \uTorrent .
If you 're not sure , on any Windows system you can type % appdata % into your search box and hit enter .
Once you restart uTorrent , you should see the new skin in use .
There 's a redone installation process , as well .
New users will find a built - in speed test and other automatic tweaks for high - traffic uploaders , although be warned that you 'll still be opted - in to the Ask.com toolbar .
The full list of changes in uTorrent 2.0 can be found here .
Users who like to live on the edge can grab the uTorrent 2.1 beta , as well .
Rules of safety gameWhen an individual flatuates , he or she must say the word " safety " in a clear tone so as to be heard by those around him .
If the individual fails to say " safety " , participants may say the word " doorknob " .
At that time , participants may physically punish the individual who flatuated .
The individual must immediately seek a doorknob 1 and touch it .
Once the individual touches said doorknob , the beating must cease .
VariationsMany variations exist when doorknobs are either not accessible , or too accessible .
A common variation is to replace the doorknob with something that the participants consider undesirable to touch , or something that is impossible , or nearly so , to touch .
Footnotes ^
In strict canon , only a true doorknob is eligible for play .
However , in many social circles , house rules have been developed to allow the use of latches , handles , and other devices depending on the general availability of true knobs .
In een sensationeel communiqué op hun blog kondigde Google vorige week aan waarschijnlijk uit China te willen vertrekken .
De Chinese regering was verrast en had enkele dagen nodig om een standpunt te bepalen .
Gisteren kwam er echter duidelijke taal van regeringswoordvoerder Ma Zhaoxu .
Over de beschuldiging dat China de Googlecomputersystemen zou hacken : “ Dit is door de Chinese wet verboden .
Maar het gebeurt en acht op de tien Chinese computers zijn al slachtoffer van hacking geworden ; in 2008 bleek het hacken vanuit buitenlandse websites met 148 % gestegen ” .
En over Google : “ China zal de deuren open laten en ervoor zorgen dat buitenlandse firma ’s , inclusief internetbedrijven , in een goede omgeving kunnen werken .
Buitenlandse bedrijven moeten echter de Chinese wet naleven , de belangen van het publiek behartigen , culturele tradities respecteren en een verantwoordelijke houding aannemen .
Google vormt daarop geen uitzondering ” .
Google weet meteen waar het staat .
Uit opiniepeilingen blijkt dat de overgrote meerderheid van de Chinese internetgebruikers in dit conflict achter hun regering staan .
Ze nemen het niet dat een multinational meent zijn regels te kunnen opleggen aan een soeverein land .
De Chinese internetgigant Baidu heeft intussen in de Verenigde Staten een klacht ingediend tegen zijn Amerikaanse internetprovider .
Baidu werd door die provider niet beschermd tegen Iraanse hackers , die Baidu waarschijnlijk voor een Amerikaans bedrijf aanzagen , de voorpagina kaapten en de echte site urenlang ontoegankelijk maakten .
Bij de 700 werknemers van Google China heerst pessimisme ; sinds het vertrek van de CEO en een aantal van zijn medewerkers in september waren er al geruchten over sluiting en waren er geen nieuwe aanwervingen om de leeggekomen posten op te vullen .
In het IT - wereldje zijn er maar weinigen die geloven dat Google hiermee een belangeloze strijd voert voor de vrijheid van meningsuiting en er wordt druk gespeculeerd over de echte bedoelingen .
Eén hypothese is dat Google met deze sensationele exit zijn Chinese concurrent Baidu wil brandmerken als een spreekbuis van de Chinese regering om zo de internationale expansie van Baidu , dat plannen heeft om Google wereldwijd naar de kroon te steken , te dwarsbomen .
Een andere hypothese verwijst naar een recente rel tussen Google en de Zuid - Koreaanse regering .
Google sloot daarop Google Korea en werkt voortaan met het ‘ statenloze ’ google.com in een Koreaanse versie , zonder enige controle van de Koreaanse regering ; is er misschien besloten dit model wereldwijd te veralgemenen ?
De boodschap van de vicepresident van het Amerikaanse bedrijf roept veel vragen op .
Ze begint over een cyberaanval op Google zelf en zegt dat dit niet uitzonderlijk is .
Wat was er dan zo speciaal aan deze aanval ?
Hij kwam uit China , hij was gesofisticeerd , en nog twintig andere Amerikaanse firma ’s waren ook het doelwit ( Google zegt niet hoe ze dat kunnen weten ) .
De tekst gaat dan verder met de bizarre bewering dat het hele manoeuvre tot doel had e-mails van Chinese dissidenten te lezen , maar dat dit niet lukte .
Lijkt het dan niet alsof de Chinezen met een kanon naar een mug aan het schieten zijn ?
Google gaat verder : de e-mails van een dozijn dissidenten werden al regelmatig door derden gelezen .
Als dat al gebeurde , waarom zijn die gesofisticeerde aanvallen dan nog nodig ?
En waarom klopt Google deze zaak zo op ?
Alleen al in ons kleine Belgie wordt 18 miljoen euro per jaar besteed aan telefoontap en het Amerikaanse Echelon - spionagesysteem leest alle e-mails die in de hele wereld verstuurd worden .
Kan je verwachten dat de Chinezen niet spioneren ?
De tekst verandert plots van onderwerp .
Deze computeraanvallen gaan naar het hart “ van een breder globaal debat over de vrijheid van meningsuiting ” .
Google is in 2006 overeengekomen met de Chinese regering om bepaalde vormen van censuur toe te passen .
De huidige aanvallen plus –niet nader genoemde - pogingen van het laatste jaar om de vrijheid op het internet verder te beperken , brengen Google ertoe zijn China - strategie te herzien .
Google weigert voortaan elke censuur in China , zal dit de komende weken met de regering bespreken en als het geen voldoening krijgt , zal het zich volledig terugtrekken uit China
Met zijn overstap van verontwaardiging over een cyberaanval naar een ultimatum aan de Chinese regering gaat Google wel heel kort door de bocht .
Of Google door zich terug te trekken de vrijheid van meningsuiting in China bevordert , is twijfelachtig ; de strategie van 2006 werd juist verdedigd met het argument dat aan de kant blijven staan of vertrekken hetzelfde is als je kans verspelen om invloed uit te oefenen .
Google aanvaardt overigens in andere landen ook wettelijke censuur , bijv. in Europa werkt het mee aan strijd tegen kinderporno en het verbod op negationisme , en zelfs de VS legt beperkingen op .
En of het doen van cyberaanvallen op bedrijfsgeheimen van Amerikaanse firma’s of het onderscheppen van e-mails van dissidenten door derden zal verminderen wanneer Google uit China wegtrekt , is ook ver van zeker .
De vraag is dus wat de echte beweegredenen van Google zijn .
De komende weken wordt dat misschien duidelijker .
De omzet van 300 miljoen dollar per jaar in China valt natuurlijk wel tegen , en de Chinese concurrent Baidu ligt er ver voorop .
In september vertrok de CEO van Google China .
En recentelijk moest Google nog bakzeil halen wegens het illegaal kopiëren van Chinese boeken voor hun onlinebibliotheek .
De insinuerende opbouw van de tekst zonder echt feitenmateriaal en het onmiddellijk naar buiten brengen zonder voorafgaand overleg met de Chinese overheid ruiken dan weer eerder naar een politieke manoeuvre .
Google is tenslotte een strategisch Amerikaans bedrijf en hun frontale aanval op China werd onmiddelijk door mevrouw Clinton gesteund .
Misschien wil Google China liever verlaten als strijder voor de mensenrechten dan als loser in een harde business ?
Zie ook uitzending Dialogue over het onderwerp
The oldest inmate on death row in the United States has died of natural causes .
Viva Leroy Nash , 94 , was sentenced to death by an Arizona court in 1983 for escaping from jail and murdering a salesman .
His lawyer , Thomas Phalen , explains how Nash was able to avoid the gas chamber and then lethal injection .
" He had had several major heart attacks and his dementia got so acute that even the Department of Corrections personnel removed him from death row towards the end and put him in a medical facility at the prison , " Mr Phalen said .
" It 's a celebratory time because the man is dead , everyone can be at peace and we did n't have to go through the horror of an execution . "
- BBC
“ Stop playing with your ring ! ”
This is something you have probably all heard at one time , as you twiddle away with your fingers and annoy the hell out of the people around .
Well , those intolerant fools can suck it : the Kinekt Gear Ring is * made * for playing with .
The surgical steel circle has two bands running around the outer edges with teeth that engage six tiny cogs that spin between them .
These cogs mesh with the teeth and make a finger - band that will be impossible to stop spinning .
Want to see a video of it in action ?
Sure : Kinekt Gear Ring video ( .mov ) .
( Sorry , the embedded video we had here earlier disappeared . )
Update : We found another one on YouTube .
Thanks ,
Rachel !
The ring will cost you $ 165 , Buying one as a gift for a geek - in - law is like buying a drum - kit for your nephew : the giftee will love you .
Your sister will hate you .
Gear Ring [ Kinekt via Uncrate ]
As the late , great Rodney Dangerfield would attest , DoubleTwist has been jonesing for some respect for quite some time .
For those unaware , said software essentially acts as an iTunes for everything else , giving users of all those non-Apple devices a somewhat familiar interface and portal to sync media , playlists , etc ( video demonstration is after the break ) .
Up until now , Android users have been forced to figure out content management on their own , and while geeks have obviously had no issue , those expecting iTunes to take the wheel have found themselves in an uncomfortable position .
Reportedly , T - Mobile USA has decided to partner with the company and pre-load the software onto a number of new Android devices -- not just the Fender myTouch 3G .
The only real pitfall here is that Amazon 's MP3 Store integration is missing , but we should learn more as T - Mob goes official with the details later today .
Is this the big break DoubleTwist has been waiting for ?
Time shall tell .
In the early hours of Wednesday 6 February 1985 , Odd Petter Magnussen drove through a police roadblock in his haste to get to the local hospital .
His wife , Kristin , was in labour and the contractions were coming so rapidly that Odd Petter was anxious she might give birth in the car .
He pressed down on the accelerator , ignoring the speed limit .
There had been an accident on the motorway leading into Oslo but , when the police tried to flag him down , Odd Petter was having none of it .
" I just drove completely through the roadblock , " he recalls .
" I went through the red lights , everything , until we got to the hospital . "
Within three minutes of arriving there , the baby was born .
They called her Martine .
Their first child , Magnus , born a year earlier , had been a fortnight overdue .
By contrast , Martine seemed determined not to hang about .
" Her mother has said that Martine came into this world very speedily , very early , " says Mr Magnussen , " and she left very early as well . "
His voice trails off .
Martine Vik Magnussen 's life was cut short without warning .
Twenty - three years after that morning dash to the hospital , Mr Magnussen had to identify his daughter 's body in a police mortuary .
She had been living in London when she was killed : the last time anyone saw her alive was when Martine left Maddox , an exclusive nightclub off New Bond Street , between 2 am and 3am on the morning of 14 March 2008 .
She got into a taxi with her friend and fellow student , Farouk Abdulhak , the 21 - year - old son of one of the most powerful men in Yemen .
Martine was never seen alive again .
Two days after Martine went missing , police discovered her body in a state of undress , dumped in the basement of a block of flats at 222 Great Portland Street , where Abdulhak had been living .
A token attempt had been made to disguise her body with bits of rubble .
Items of her clothing were missing : snakeskin shoes , a Marc Jacobs handbag , a Guess watch and one of a pair of Christian Dior earrings .
Abdulhak was nowhere to be found .
The following day , his friends noticed that he had erased his Facebook profile .
Later , it would emerge he had boarded a scheduled flight from Heathrow to Cairo on the afternoon of 14 March .
From Egypt , it is believed he fled to Yemen on his father 's private jet .
The police officers had already tried to prepare Mr Magnussen for the sight of his daughter 's body by telling him the worst .
They told him that they suspected Martine had been raped and strangled .
They warned him he might notice bruising on her face – the discolouration of her skin across the bridge of her nose a testament to the fact that she had fought hard for her life .
They told him all of this and yet nothing , in the end , could prepare him for the sheer force of emotional pain that hit him in the pit of the stomach when he saw his beloved daughter lying cold and lifeless in front of him .
Mr Magnussen tries now to put the experience into words as he sits on a beige armchair in the front room of the home where Martine grew up .
The house is a squat wooden structure , built into the edge of a hill on the small , picturesque island of Nesoya , a 15 - minute drive southeast of Oslo .
To Mr Magnussen 's left , a broad sweep of window overlooks the snow falling silently into the fjord below , the frozen waters stretching out into an infinite expanse of whiteness dotted by the dark silhouettes of pine trees .
" She still had eyeshadow on , " he says after a while , in excellent English .
" She still looked very much like herself .
I touched her face . "
He stands up from his chair and walks over to me .
" Like this . "
Gently , he strokes my cheek with the flat of his bent fingers .
Before he can stop himself , he is crying , the tears appearing in a sudden flurry .
With one hand raised to his mouth , he tries to suppress the half - muffled sobs .
For a few seconds he is unable to continue and then , briskly , he wipes his tears away with a paper tissue and apologises .
" I get these reality checks from time to time .
They come and then they 're gone .
I do n't normally cry very easily . "
He tries to smile , but the effort it costs him is more upsetting to watch than the tears , because what makes Mr Magnussen 's grief incalculably worse is the knowledge that his daughter 's killer remains at large .
Next month will mark the two - year anniversary of Martine 's death and the prime suspect is believed still to be in Yemen , sheltered from justice by his powerful family and profiting from a legal loophole that means his native country has no extradition treaty with Britain .
" This is the oldest and most serious crime known to man : the raping and killing of a woman – in any culture , in any religion , in any nation of the world , " says Mr Magnussen .
" Why should this family be beyond the law ? "
Martine Vik Magnussen had moved to London in February 2007 , filled with excitement about what her new life in the city would hold .
After leaving school in 2004 , she worked for a while in various clothing shops near her home , including the Oslo branch of Massimo Dutti .
Two years later , she went to Warsaw to study medicine , but she found it difficult to settle in , and quit her studies after six months .
On her return to Norway , she told her father she wanted a change in direction .
Many of her friends had already moved to London to study and Martine looked into the possibility of doing a business degree there .
Her father , who had spent time as a student at Herriot - Watt University in Edinburgh , was supportive and eventually she enrolled at the Regent 's Business School in Regent 's Park , London , a rapidly expanding private college with a multicultural student body .
She moved to London in February 2007 and chose to study International Business Relations when term started in September .
Among her classmates would be Farouk Abdulhak .
When her friends and family describe their memories of Martine , the word that comes up most often is laughter .
Her father recalls that she could make him " double over " merely by altering her facial expression or by walking into the room in a particularly clownish fashion .
She was always the most extrovert of his three children – Magnus , 26 , and Mathilde , 20 , were quieter , more academic .
They were a close , loving family – although Martine 's parents had divorced amicably in 2000 , they continued to spend Christmases and birthdays together .
Magnus and Mathilde have been so numbed by her death that neither they , nor their mother , want to speak publicly about what happened .
" If you could have seen what Martine meant to them and how extremely close these children were , what they have lost is beyond comprehension , " says Mr Magnussen .
" She was a light , jolly , enjoyable person .
In any social setting , she could lift any sort of atmosphere .
She was pure sunshine . "
One of Martine 's best friends , Hedda Homme , who knew her from the age of 16 , says that she was " so funny all the time .
She always made people laugh .
She was so happy .
Everyone liked her .
She was always letting me know what she thought .
She was honest , you could trust her . "
Every summer in Norway , Martine would throw a party in the beach hut at her family home in Nesøya .
In London , she liked to host dinner parties , cooking recipes that her mother had taught her ( among her friends , her chocolate brownie cake was the stuff of legend ) .
Sociable , popular and kind , Martine loved meeting people from different backgrounds .
She became part of a fun-loving , international crowd who made the most of the cosmopolitan nightlife on offer .
After her murder in 2008 , the tabloid press were swift to label Martine as a " party girl " whose favourite haunts were the exclusive London nightclubs that specialised in attracting a hip and glamorous European clientele .
At Maddox , which operates a strict members - only door policy , a bottle of vodka can cost £ 800 .
But although Martine 's family were comfortably off – her father is a marketing manager specialising in IT – and , like most students in their early 20s , she enjoyed a night out , her friends make it clear that she was also street - smart and responsible with money .
She took part - time jobs to support herself , including one stint as a shop assistant at the Mulberry clothing store in Mayfair .
She was careful , too , about going out at night .
" In London , our friends were our family , " says Martine 's former flatmate , Thale Lassen .
" We had rules : if you do n't come home , always text , always stay in touch .
Martine had an ability to make everyone feel special , " she says .
" Within 10 minutes of meeting someone , she knew what their favourite food was and the name of their dog if they had one .
She 'd mesmerise people around her .
She stood out in a crowd .
In Norwegian we have this term that means almost like an inner light that shines out from you .
That 's what she had . "
She was beautiful , too , with her blonde hair and hazel - green eyes and her slim , 5ft 4in frame .
She was popular with boys , but never had a serious boyfriend .
When she moved into a modest flat on the Chelsea Bridge Road in June 2007 with three Norwegian friends – two girls , including Lassen , and one boy – her female flatmates would joke that there were no men left in London for them , because they all had a crush on Martine .
At first , Farouk Abdulhak seemed to be just another of Martine 's many admirers .
" She saw Farouk all the time , " recalls Lassen .
" They were good friends .
She talked to him on MSN and on her BlackBerry .
She made me add him as a friend on Facebook .
She would say , ' He 's such a nice guy , he 's so funny . ' "
Lassen met him once , when he came round to the flat to pick Martine up .
" He did n't seem like a bad guy , " she admits .
" I only met him for about 10 minutes .
He was a bit shy and Martine did most of the talking .
We teased her because they were spending a lot of time together : we would say , ' He has such a crush on you ! ' but she would always deny it . "
According to Lassen , Martine and Farouk were never romantically involved .
At the Regent 's Business School , classmates remember Abdulhak as a shy and friendly presence .
" He was supposed to be very nice , actually , " says Mr Magnussen .
" Some of his friends have said he would n't hurt a fly .
If he scratched another person 's car , he 'd leave his name . "
Much of his background is sketchy , but the police were able to establish that Farouk Abdulhak was born in Yemen , the son of a billionaire , Shaher Abdulhak , an extremely powerful figure in Yemeni society and a man whose business empire extends into petroleum , sugar , soft drinks , tourism and property .
Notoriously publicity - shy , Shaher Abdulhak has never granted a single interview and no photograph has ever been printed of him in the local press .
Farouk attended the Azal Hadda primary school in Yemen before being sent to boarding schools in Britain .
He also spent time in the US and is believed to hold an American passport .
In London , he rented a £ 600 - a- week flat in Seaford Court on Great Portland Street , and although he came from a strict Islamic background , he drank , smoked and described himself as " agnostic " .
There were rumours that Farouk 's father had urged him to cut back on his partying in order to be groomed to take over the family business .
At the time of Martine 's death , a friend was quoted as saying that Abdulhak " was under a lot of pressure to uphold his family 's honour " .
On the night of Thursday 13 March 2008 , Abdulhak was one of a group of students from the Regent 's Business School who went out to Maddox to mark the end of term .
Martine , who went to the club with her flatmate Nina and some other friends , had more reason than most to celebrate : she had come top of the class in her exams .
There is a photograph of Martine and Abdulhak from that night , taken in the midst of an anonymous bustle of clubbers , the two of them picked out by the camera flash in a circle of bright light ( the image on the cover of this magazine ) .
Martine is leaning into her friend , one arm around his back , and is smiling , perhaps a little uncertainly .
Abdulhak is staring intently at the camera , his mouth set in a straight line , his hand clenched tightly around the neck of a beer bottle .
" He has terrifying eyes in this picture , " says Sophie Terkelsen , a friend of Martine 's from secondary school .
" It 's like he 's angry about something . "
At around 2 am , Martine 's friends decided they wanted to go home .
Martine had heard of another party in a different part of town , so she got in a taxi with Farouk .
A week earlier , Martine had lost her mobile phone , so when her flatmates noticed on Friday morning that she was not in her bedroom , they tried to contact both her and Farouk through Facebook .
" At first , I was a bit angry and upset because she knew the rules [ about getting in touch ] , " says Lassen .
" We went back to Maddox that evening , we were sending her Facebook messages saying ' Contact us , call us , we 're here , come and meet us , let us know you 're all right . '
At midnight , we started to feel really anxious . "
Lassen and Nina returned to the flat .
" I was like ' OK , be in your bed sleeping , make fun of us for worrying , ' " Lassen says .
" She was n't there .
And that 's when we freaked out . "
At the same time , they noticed something suspicious about Farouk 's Facebook page .
There was a status update made at around 4 am that read " Farouk is home alone " even though they knew that Martine had left Maddox with him .
Martine 's flatmates called everyone they could think of who might know of her whereabouts and set up a Facebook group appealing for information .
They retraced her steps and handed out flyers with her photograph .
No one knew where their friend was .
On Saturday , they reported Martine 's disappearance to the police .
" Their first reaction was : ' Oh , she 's a 20 - something girl student in London .
She 's out partying , ' " says Lassen .
" We spent the next 24 hours pushing them to go to Farouk 's apartment . "
By Saturday evening , Abdulhak had erased his Facebook profile .
His friends said he had been called back to attend to urgent family business .
Later that night , Lassen called Martine 's parents to let them know their daughter was missing .
Mr Magnussen remembers the phone ringing at about 11 pm on the day before Easter Sunday .
" After 10 or 15 minutes of conversation and listening to everything they had done , I said to them , ' I think we have a situation where we will never see Martine alive again . ' "
He says he knew instinctively that Martine was dead .
The following day , the Magnussens flew to London .
They were picked up from the airport by officers from Scotland Yard and taken to Belgravia police station .
" After half an hour , some police officers came in , " recalls Mr Magnussen .
" They said : ' We have reason to believe we have found your daughter in the basement of this building .
She 's dead . '
The rest of the family broke down .
For me , that was a slight relief .
Do you know why ?
Because there is one thing that would have been worse and that was that we'd never find Martine , that they 'd managed to get rid of her body , that we would never have a grave to visit or be able to find out what happened to her . "
In a nearby room in the same police station , Martine 's flatmates had gathered to be told the shocking news .
" It was horrible , " says Lassen .
" I do n't remember the next hour or so .
We broke down completely .
We all left London the next morning .
We took the first flight out . "
Later that same day , the Magnussens were taken to the Grosvenor House Hotel in Mayfair .
They stayed together , in a family room , under a pseudonym provided by the police to fend off the journalists who had already begun to gather outside .
" We said to each other , ' Do n't hold back any emotions , get it out , do n't be afraid , ' " says Mr Magnussen .
" During the next 24 hours , Mathilde [ then 18 ] , Magnus [ then 24 ] , my ex-wife and myself burst into tears and cried completely independently and spontaneously throughout the night .
I think it was very good to have that . "
On Tuesday , the Magnussens went to identify Martine 's body .
The cause of death was established as compression to the neck causing strangulation .
Two weeks later , Martine 's body was flown home to Oslo to be buried in Asker churchyard near her home .
At her funeral , her brother Magnus took to the pulpit and thanked his sister for " the time with blue sky " .
Back in London , it soon became apparent to Detective Chief Inspector Jessica Wadsworth that all the evidence pointed in one direction .
" Very quickly , we knew who we wanted to speak to , " she says , sitting in her small , grey - carpeted office in the Homicide & Serious Crime Command unit of the Metropolitan Police in Hendon .
In the days after the discovery of Martine 's body , an appeal was issued for Abdulhak to come forward with any information relevant to Martine 's death .
There was no response .
In Yemen , the local newspaper printed a statement issued by Abdulhak 's uncle through a third party which said they would not associate themselves " with any member of the family connected with any wrongdoing " .
The legal situation was complicated by the fact that Yemen has no extradition treaty with the UK and that it would require diplomatic co-operation for officers from Scotland Yard to travel there .
The British authorities could not agree to a trial for Abdulhak in the country of his birth on ethical grounds in case he faced the death penalty , and yet there was no way of forcing him to return to the UK without the agreement of the Yemeni government .
In a deeply conservative country , where justice is considered a family affair rather than a matter for the state , the fugitive Abdulhak could quite easily be sheltered for months , even years , by a father with extensive financial resources and powerful political connections .
In the first few days of the inquiry , codenamed Operation Debruce , DCI Wadsworth managed to speak to Abdulhak 's father , Shaher , over the telephone .
" He , at that time , claimed he had no knowledge of his son's whereabouts , " she says .
" He said he would contact his lawyers and they would get in touch and that 's the last communication we had with him . "
Instead of co-operating further , Shaher Abdulhak consulted London - based law firm Peter & Peters , experts in extradition law .
He then employed David Wilson , the managing director of the public relations firm Bell Pottinger , to act as his spokesman in the UK ( an attempt to communicate with the Abdulhak family through Mr Wilson for this article was met with silence ) .
On Thursday 20 March , a week after Martine 's disappearance , Shaher Abdulhak met Yemen 's interior minister , Rashad al - Alimi , apparently seeking guarantees his son would not be handed over to the UK .
Despite the evidence gathered by her team , DCI Wadsworth 's hands were tied .
Rumours of Abdulhak 's whereabouts have sporadically filtered back from Yemen since his disappearance : at first , he was believed to have been taken to a family property in a village four hours outside the capital Sana 'a , in the al - Arooq district of the Taiz region .
Then , he was believed to have been moved to a succession of his father 's hotels and retreats in the countryside .
He is said to have grown a beard in order to fit in more seamlessly with the strict Islamic culture .
When a Norwegian documentary crew travelled to Yemen in summer 2009 , they filmed the Abdulhak family lawyer on a hidden camera , admitting that Farouk lives at home with his family and studies Arabic at the local university .
In July 2009 , the police passed their investigation on to the Crown Prosecution Service , which decided there was sufficient evidence to prosecute Farouk Abdulhak for Martine 's murder .
He was placed on Scotland Yard 's " Most Wanted " list and a European arrest warrant was issued .
But now that the police investigation has been completed , the process of bringing Abdulhak to trial is a largely political matter , dependent on the diplomatic oiling of cogs and wheels behind the scenes by the foreign secretary , David Miliband , and his Norwegian counterpart , Jonas Gahr Støre .
And yet , almost two years on , Martine 's murder is still unsolved , raising the horrifying spectre of something similar happening again .
" It 's just that awful feeling that injustice prevails , " says DCI Wadsworth .
" We will pursue and pursue and pursue … I understand that he [ Abdulhak ] continues to protest his innocence ; well , if you 're innocent , then come back , you 've nothing to fear . "
Wadsworth says that she still nurtures " an outside hope " that Abdulhak 's family will hand him over , or that he will tire of the restrictive Islamic lifestyle and start hankering after more western pleasures – parties , drink , girls – that are only available outside Yemen .
For Mr Magnussen , the process has been slow and frustrating .
Although he has nothing but praise for Scotland Yard and the British authorities , he remains extremely disappointed that his own government has not done more to put pressure on Yemen .
" This is not only a question of a lack of extradition treaties , " says Mr Magnussen , who is determined that Abdulhak should face trial in the UK , where the crime took place .
" It 's a simple matter of right and wrong .
This has to do with a moral obligation .
People are dying every day throughout the world , but what makes this tragedy challenging to us is that this is not a natural catastrophe .
" The particular tragedy in this case comes from the worst motivation a human can have : to kill a person , to put yourself as a judge over their life , to take that life away because it suits you .
That is beyond excuse , that is beyond comprehension . "
He breaks off , gathering his thoughts .
" And he [ Farouk ] can just lie by the pool down in Yemen and live happily ever after .
What sort of a father would I be if I did n't do everything I could to prevent this happening to other children ? "
Is he angry ?
There is a long pause .
He is a dignified man , not much given to displays of excess emotion .
" Of course I am , and I 'm disappointed , " he says , finally .
" I 'm trying not to use up any effort in hating .
I 'm trying to see justice prevail here for the benefit of Martine . "
Most of his days are now spent finding new ways of putting pressure on the Norwegian government and the international community to raise the profile of the case .
When I ask whether burying himself in this sort of work acts as a form of therapy , he interjects before I can finish the question .
" No , " he says , blankly .
" If I needed positive therapy , I would not be digging in this cellar of disappointment .
Everything has been a setback . "
What makes it particularly hard for Mr Magnussen to come to terms with his daughter 's death is not only the knowledge that the chief suspect in her murder is still at large but that , if Farouk is indeed the killer , there was nothing obvious Martine could have done to protect herself : he was a good friend , a man she trusted and had known for several months .
She did not leave the club that night with a stranger , nor did she act wilfully , or take a stupid risk .
Her only fault was perhaps to trust too easily , to think too well of others and to imagine that the friends she made would , like her , possess a strong moral code .
For DCI Wadsworth , " This was a case where it seems as if there 's nothing she could have done differently .
It 's just not fair .
They were good friends and obviously , that night , only the two of them will ever really know what happened . "
Thale Lassen puts it more bluntly : " It really does n't make sense .
Would you ever suspect a good mate of raping and killing you ?
It 's just crazy . "
In the margins , there are nonetheless signs of quiet progress .
The Yemeni government is under increasing pressure to co-operate more closely with the international community after it emerged that Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab , the alleged Christmas Day bomber , was radicalised by al - Qaida operatives in Yemen .
According to Arne Elias Corneliussen , the Magnussen family spokesman : " It would increase the legitimacy of the [ Yemeni ] regime if Mr Abdulhak is extradited , as it would be seen as an important step in the direction to remove corruption and to abide by international standards and norms in the face of serious crimes . "
In Norway , Martine 's friends and family remain determined that her death should not be sidelined .
Before Christmas , her childhood friends , Sophie Terkelsen and Hedda Homme , organised a 1,000 - strong torchlight procession to highlight awareness of the case .
Earlier this month , they launched a new campaign website , justiceformartine.com , and on 10 February Mr Magnussen attended a pre-inquest review in London and met Chris Bryant , the parliamentary under - secretary of state for the Foreign Office , to discuss the possibility of securing a one - off legal agreement to secure Abdulhak 's return .
" This murder concerns Martine , but it also concerns the international community because this could happen again , " says Terkelsen .
" When you can go to your native country and stay there in a safe haven , you know that 's a big international safety problem . "
Homme nods her head in agreement .
" We do n't want revenge , we just want justice , " she adds .
" Justice for Martine . "
It would have been Martine 's 25th birthday this month .
On Saturday 6
February her family visited her grave – a quiet , sombre group of four , where once they would have been five .
Beyond that , they did not want to mark the day .
Their grief is still so immeasurable that sometimes they fear it will engulf them .
" It is a survival thing , " says Mr Magnussen .
" We can not take it in or think about the consequences on a daily basis , because it will destroy us .
When you see me cry , as you have done today , that is barely touching on the scope of this tragedy .
In our family , this loss is so big that we try to minimise talking about it . "
Before I leave , Mr Magnussen insists on showing me the beach hut at the bottom of the steep - sloped garden .
It is a tiny wooden cabin , complete with a small sauna and a terrace built along the frozen shoreline of the sea .
It was here that Martine invited her friends each summer for a party when the sounds of high - spirited teenagers laughing and drinking and jumping into the clear water would last late into the evening .
Today , the ground is several inches thick with snow .
Mr Magnussen looks around , as if testing the air , and then he walks to the edge of a long jetty , his footsteps making hollow marks on the unbroken snow .
He stands there for several minutes , a grey figure looking out across the immeasurable whiteness of sky and sea .
For a moment , he seems vulnerable : slight and fragile against the uncompromising enormity of the landscape .
But then he turns and walks back to the shore , towards the beach hut that his daughter once loved , letting the vastness recede behind him .
Readers of my posts would have realised by now that nothing raises my hackles more than how we languish vis a vis China .
Although I cannot grudge the Chinese their progress , which is enviable , I cannot fathom our politicians ’ servility on issues concerning the dragon and how it has increasingly made us look like idiots in comparison .
But this post is not on China vs India , but on Google , the company that is having a row with the Chinese over censorship and allegations that the dragon nation used gmail to hack into important networks outside China .
And no , I am not defending Google in its fight against the Chinese censorship .
As long as it is not my nation , I am not bothered by how another nation handles its censorship issues .
If , for its security , it needs to take harsh measures that appear draconian , so be it .
At least they would not regret later .
Let me bring my focus back on Google .
China , with the largest internet users ’ base , is an important market for any Internet company .
Google is no exception .
And in its business interests , the company does all that is necessary to be good to the country it operates in .
Hence , Google , bluntly put , makes a fool of both Indians and Chinese .
Take a look at the map of Arunachal Pradesh on Google maps .
For the uninitiated , Arunachal is a disputed territory between the two nations , with both laying claim to its territory , notwithstanding India ’s greater claim to it given the fact that it has a democratically elected government in place for years now .
If you open the Google maps ’ China edition available at http://ditu.google.com, Arunachal would show itself as an undisputed part of China , the whole of it .
However , what throws up when one opens Google India on http://maps.google.co.in, is politically correct and our fellow citizens from Arunachal Pradesh can , thankfully , still call themselves Indians .
The fun begins when it comes to opening the map available on the international edition at http://maps.google.com.
Arunachal is shown as a disputed territory .
I think we have a right to demand that Google , since it operates from India and has considerable business interests here , make changes and not try to pretend to keep everyone happy when in reality is making a fool of everyone .
We should ask the US based company to ensure that Arunachal Pradesh which has a democratically elected government is shown as an undisputed part of India irrespective of where their map is opened .
Anything less than that should be unacceptable .
Victorian Railway Maps 1860 - 2000
The inspiration for this atlas came from my own historical research .
So much of the history of the Victorian Railways is best expressed geographically , but producing maps for various dates by photocopying and liquid paper was not successful .
The acquisition of suitable software made the production of a set of maps feasible though not easy .
The goal was to draw an accurate map of Victoria for the 1 July of each decade from 1860 to 2000 .
Each map was to show , on a single A3 sheet , each station , stopping place , and significant private sidings .
Due to limitations of scale , private sidings within three quarters of a mile of a station are not generally shown , nor are all private sidings at very complex locations .
The maps are in Acrobat PDF format and are scaled to fit A3 .
You need to have installed the Acrobat 4.0 ( or above ) reader to view the diagrams .
Acrobat 3.0 will not work for all the maps - mainly the larger maps around 1940 .
The latest Acrobat reader can be downloaded for free from Adobe
Contents
Geographical Sources
The goal was to produce reasonably accurate maps of the Victorian Railways .
The small scale worked to meant that extreme accuracy was unnecessary .
This is fortunate due to the paucity of available information .
Production of the maps required combining information from a wide variety of sources .
The core of the work was from the Australian topographical maps .
A wide selection was examined to obtain the basic information : 1:63,630 ( inch to the mile ) , 1:100,000 , 1:253,440 ( four inches to the mile ) , and 1:250,000 .
These maps were sufficient to show the location of most lines .
Station locations were mainly added from copies of Broadbentís eastern , western , and central ' official ' road and railway maps of Victoria dating from the early 1950s .
Odds and ends were filled in from a variety of other sources , including copies of Morganís Melbourne Street Directory ( especially useful for the Black Rock extension of the Sandringham street railway ) , Melways , the ESMap Outer Melbourne Directory , and the VicRoads Country Directory .
Final holes were filled in from published railway histories .
Particularly useful were Norman Haughtonís ë The Beechyí , Stamford , Stuckey , & Maynard 's ' Powelltown ' , and Chris Wurrís recent article on the remnants of the Robinvale - Lette line .
When all else failed , the mileages were looked up in the grades book and the locations identified from adjacent road crossings , river courses , or significant curves .
Historical Sources
Determining the period during which a station or siding was open was the other half of the puzzle .
Basic lists were compiled from the annual Commissioner 's reports , but the information in them had to be treated with a certain amount of caution .
Ignoring simple errors , these reports do not show all stations and sidings ( particularly those which did not generate any revenue for that year ) , but would show stations only open for part of the year .
Opening and closing dates of lines and stations between 1894 and 1994 were checked against Jungwirth & Lambert 's invaluable ' Weekly Notice Extracts ' .
Dates prior to 1894 were checked in the Chronological Index held in the ARHS Archives at Windsor .
Each map was then checked against the working timetable closest to the nominal date I had access to ; normally this was within one to two years of the decade .
Stations on the very early network were checked against Harrigan 's venerable ' Victorian Railways to ' 62 ' .
A particular problem occurred with attempting to plot the 1990 and 2000 maps : sidings , stations and whole lines simply disappeared with no formal notification of closure ; or a notification that was very much post hoc .
Historical Overview
1860 This map captures the railway network of Victoria at an interesting date .
The first sections of the Victorian Railways had opened , but the mileage of the privately owned railways exceeded that of the government lines .
This changed rapidly , of course , with the extension of the public lines to Sandhurst , Echuca , and Ballarat , and the purchase of the Geelong and Melbourne Railway .
1870 By 1 July 1870 , construction of the lines to Ballarat , Sandhurst , and Echuca had been completed and the Victorian Railways was firmly established .
In the city , the suburban lines to the south and east were still privately owned , although the separate companies had amalgamated into one .
1880 After pausing to recover after the massive expenditures of the initial main lines , construction resumed in the late 1870s with lower and cheaper standards .
Trunk lines had been pushed to Wodonga , Sale , Portland and Colac .
Construction was continuing west towards the South Australian border .
A number of branch lines had been opened to serve the populous gold mining districts , particularly around Maryborough , Inglewood , and Beechworth , and the first purely agricultural branch lines had been constructed .
1890 The late 1880ís was marked by a frenzy of railway construction as branch lines were constructed to serve new agricultural communities ( and to support suburban land speculation ) .
By the 1 July 1890 the construction of lines passed in the massive 1884 ' Octopus ' act had largely been completed .
One subtle change from earlier years was that stations were now spaced much closer together .
Compare the number of stations on the NE line in 1890 with that in 1880 , for example .
1900
The early 1890s was marked by a massive depression as the speculative bubble of the late 1880s burst .
Most of the ' new ' lines shown on this map were the final lines of the 1884 Octopus Act and were completed in the early 1890s .
By the turn of the century construction of new lines had resumed , however , particularly in the north west of the state to open up the Mallee .
A notable new line in the north east was the first trial narrow gauge line to Whitfield .
1910
The first decade of the twentieth century saw surprisingly little constrution .
The other two trial narrow gauge lines ( to Beech Forest and Gembrook were opened ) as were two additional narrow gauge lines : to the gold mining town of Walhalla deep in the Victorian Alps , and the tiny horse worked tram to Port Welshpool in the southeast of the state .
On the broad gauge the major extension was to the Chaffey brothers irregation settlement at Mildura .
1920 Despite the Great War , the teens saw significant extensions of rail service , particularly in the wheat growing areas in the north west and west .
The new lengthy parallel lines were considered to be cheaper to operate that the numerous short ëcockspursí built in the late 1880s ; compare the railway network in the north west with that of the Golburn Valley .
Other line constructed during this decade were ' infill ' lines , particularly in the Cressy plains west of Geelong , and lines to Cohuna , Colbinabbin , and Girgarre .
In the northeast and east lines were being pushed through heavy country towards Cudgewa and Orbost .
1930 By 1930 the railway map of Victoria was largely complete .
A number of minor extensions had been completed during the twenties within Victoria ( Carpolac , Bolangum , Patchewillock , Meringur , Robinvale , Yungera , Alvie , Red Hill , Strezlecki , and Woodside ) but the best land had long been settled and the remaining land was very marginal for agriculture ..
Victoria was , in fact , looking to the underpopulated Riverina in NSW and had obtained agreement to build several lines north of the border and to purchase the Deniliquin line .
The lines to Balranald and Stony Crossing had been opened , and the lines to Oaklands and Lette were under construction .
The last named line was never completed .
1940
The thirties was the great depression and the Victorian government had little money to spend on new railway construction , even if there had been places left to build lines to .
While the line to Oaklands opened in this decade , the line from Topiram to Strezlecki had closed after less than a decade of use ; the harbringer of later cuts .
1950 The Second World War gave a respite to the railways and only a few insignificant sections of line were closed during the forties .
These were spread out over the state : the Stony Crossing line beyond the border in the northwest , the Grampians line in the west , the Tatong line in the north east , the Wensleydale line in the south west , a further section of the Strezlecki line in the east , and the East Kew line in the metropolitan area .
1960
The fifties saw the loss of a number of short branch lines , particularly in mountainous or hilly country where the only traffic had been timber or livestock .
Many of the lines closed had been unprofitable for years , and the growth of the trucking industry ( particularly in the unrestricted zone around Melbourne ) meant that there was little prospect for traffic .
By 1960 the Eastern district , the South Western district around Colac , and the Central Highlands between Ararat and Seymour were virtually denuded of branch lines .
1970
The news of the sixties was the contruction of the NE Standard Gauge to Albury , opened in 1962 , the reopening of the Avoca - Ararat line in 1966 , and the reopening of Puffing Billy ( to Menzies Creek in 1962 ) .
The remainder of the network was relatively stable with only a few lines closing , including the lines to Heathcote , Waubra , Weeaproinah , and Murrabit .
1980
The late seventies saw the replacement of the roadside goods and country railmotor services by road transport from regional hubs .
The result was the virtual elimination of branch lines outside the grain producing areas .
A more subtle effect was the closure of many of the wayside stations on the ' main ' lines that remained ; in fact many of the ' stations ' that remained south of the divide had no traffic but only remained as safeworking locations .
1990 Many of the smaller silos , serving marginal grain country , were closed to rail traffic in the eighties in favour of road haulage to larger centralised silos .
This caused the closure of a number of grain branch lines , particularly the shorter lines , and the elimination of many smaller ëstationsí on those lines that remained open .
The remaining branch lines outside the grain area were eliminated , and in the eastern part of the state even the main lines were beginning to be cut back .
Replacement of traditional safeworking systems by systems that required no local staff saw safeworking locations rationalised and relocated , particularly in the south of the state .
2000
The final map shows the current rail network .
The major change in the nineties has been the conversion of the Western line to Adelaide to Standard Gauge .
This required provision of Standard Gauge to Yaapeet , Hopetoun , Portland , and Dunolly ( the last provides access to the major grain terminal at Dunolly ) , but the former main line between Ballarat and Ararat , and the Mt Gambier line were not converted and were mothballed .
Today , the state essentially consists of four networks : the electrified metropolitan public transport system which has hardly changed since electrification in the twenties ; the country passenger network to Warrnambool , Ballarat , Bendigo , Swan Hill , Shepparton , Albury , and Sale ; the standard gauge interstate lines to Adelaide and Albury ; and the grain network , principly west of Murtoa , north of Maryborough and north of Seymour , with its main line connections to the ports at Geelong and Portland .
Copying Permission
These maps are intended to be used as a resource by historians and others .
Permission is consequently granted to copy the maps contained in this atlas for personal use .
Acknowledgements
I would like to thank Michael Guiney for his careful checking of the maps , but any remaining errors remain the authorís .
I would be pleased to receive corrections so that the maps can be corrected if a future edition is ever required .
I would be pleased to hear of any corrections .
Please send email to andrew.waugh@dvc.vic.gov.au
Other Australian railway maps
Other Australian railway mapping can be found at :
Thanks to John Cleverdon for putting me onto these other maps .
If you need a table saw , a 10 - foot pipe clamp or a 20 - foot pruner , you 've normally got three choices :
Buy it , rent it or borrow it from a neighbor .
Portland is fast becoming a leader in a fourth way : checking it out for free at a tool lending library .
The city's
, founded in 2004 in North Portland , is up to 2,300 members .
Its
, in Northeast , has already drawn 800 members in 16 months and just expanded to a far bigger space .
A third , in southeast Portland , is scheduled to open this spring , which would make Portland the only U.S. city with a trio .
The volunteer - run tool libraries offer low - cost home and garden lessons as well as tools .
They help people save money and connect to their community .
And they promote recycling and reuse .
About 900 of the more than 1,100 tools at the
were donated , helping give the library a hardware store 's worth of inventory .
" The whole idea is everybody does n't have to own a power drill or a post - hole digger , " says Tom Thompson , a 58 - year - old remodeling contractor who serves as volunteer toolmaster for the northeast tool library .
" We wanted to be able to help out the environment and help out people , especially with the economy the way it is today . "
The first modern tool libraries started in the 1970s , with libraries in
, Calif. , and
, Ohio , among the pioneers .
Informal Web lists put the latest U.S. total at about 25 , including five in California and one in Seattle .
PORTLAND TOOL LIBRARIES
North Portland :
Opened : October 2004 .
Location : Historic Kenton Firehouse , 2209 N. Schofield St. ( Cross street : North Brandon Avenue )
Hours : 9 a.m. to 2 p.m. Saturday ; 5 p.m. to 7:30 p.m. Tuesday .
Potential members : North Portland residents .
Phone : ( 503 ) 823-0209
Northeast Portland :
Opened : August 2008 .
Location : Redeemer Lutheran Church , 5431 N.E. 20th Ave. ( Cross street : Northeast Killingsworth Street )
Hours : 9 a.m. to 2 p.m. Saturday .
Potential members : Northeast Portland residents .
Phone : ( 503 ) 539-1756
Southeast Portland
( planned )
Scheduled to open : Spring 2010 .
Location : St. David of Wales Episcopal Church , 2800 S.E. Harrison St .
– Scott Learn
The Northeast Portland library just moved from a garage and storage pod into the 700 - square - foot room in the basement of Redeemer Lutheran Church at Northeast Killingsworth Street and 20th Avenue .
That 's enough room to double the tools lent each day and boost membership into North Portland 's range and above , the library 's leaders figure .
Membership is free -- borrowers need to live in Northeast Portland and they need an ID and proof of address .
Members get a sticker with a four - digit ID number they can stick on the back of their driver 's license .
The library is open on Saturday , with two volunteers on duty , and allows borrowers to check out up to seven tools for a week , bringing them back the next Saturday .
That 's a real upgrade from tool renter centers that charge by the half - day .
Charles Rose , 56 , rented kneepads for laying tile flooring on a recent Saturday .
He 's also rented a reciprocating saw , a shop vacuum and a post - hole digger for various odd jobs .
" You 're talking about hundreds of dollars I would have spent ( renting or buying ) , " Rose said .
Tools range from the simple , including screwdrivers , hoes , hand saws and wheelbarrows , to the complex , including table saws , chop saws , air compressors and nail guns .
Each tool has a four - digit ID number so the library can track borrowing on a volunteer - built computer program .
The inventory is n't particularly high - tech :
There 's not a laser - guided tool in sight .
But power tools are plentiful , and the volunteers screen the tools to make sure they 're in good working order .
Gregg Lavender , one of the library 's most frequent borrowers , was able to tear down a living room to the studs and rebuild it with only library tools .
The library survives on donations that help it buy new and refurbished tools , small grants , tool sales , late fees -- and the good will of members :
Since the library opened in August 2008 , it has lent about 5,000 tools , with only a dozen not returned , Thompson says .
It lends from 75 to 125 tools each Saturday in winter and up to 200 a day in summertime , when it 's open on Wednesday evenings as well as Saturday .
It also helps nearby schools and nonprofits with bigger jobs .
Members ' projects range from practical to prosaic .
In the latter category include Steve Fancler , 26 , who rented a router recently to help cut speaker holes for a custom - made bike trailer sound system .
" I used to mooch tools off my neighbors when I lived in my old place , " he said .
" But I just moved , so I ca n't do that anymore . "
There are more women than men among the borrowers , Thompson says .
Linda Martin , 35 , returned a drill and a faucet wrench that she used to replace a faucet in her 1925 house , and says she 's been using the library to gradually upgrade her do - it - yourself skills .
" I only really need these tools for one job , so why buy it , " Martin said , " especially when everything in here is available for free . "
--
As I point out in my article in the current issue , the combination of three forces :
- The original Constitutional compromise giving two Senate seats to every state , large or small ;
- The post -Constitutional patterns of population growth , which leave California with nearly 37 million people and Wyoming with just over half a million ; and
- The very recent practice of subjecting almost every Senate action to the threat of filibuster , which requires 60 votes to surmount ...
.. means that in theory Senators representing only 12 % of the U.S. population could block efforts that Senators representing the other 88 % support .
In reality , the pattern is not that extreme .
The Republican minority in the Senate includes some from highly - populated states -- two from Texas , one each from Florida and Ohio .
The Democratic majority includes some from low - population states -- both from Delaware and West Virginia , one each from Alaska and Nebraska .
So in reality , what 's the population balance ?
Counting the new Republican Senator Scott Brown from Massachusetts , the 41 Republicans in the Senate come from states representing just over 36.5 percent of the total US population .
The 59 others ( Democratic plus 2 Independent ) represent just under 63.5 percent .
( Taking 2009 state populations from here .
If you count up the totals and split a state 's population when it has a spit delegation , you end up with about 112.3 million Republican , 194.7 million Democratic +
Indep .
Before Brown 's election , it was about 198 million Democratic +
Ind , 109 million Republican . )
Like pathetic knights of another era jousting at windmills , industry shrills attack health care reform , claiming it “ tramples individual liberty ” and stifles “ free enterprise . ”
Far from protecting individual liberty or promoting free enterprise , these forces uphold monopoly control of health care insurance that has a stranglehold on American consumers .
And they pay huge sums to control the debate and twist legislation to their advantage .
Since 1998 , over 400 mergers left two conglomerates in control of the huge health care insurance industry .
Mergers allowed insurers to raise prices , buy influence in Congress , and redistribute cost savings to shareholders .
Consolidation increased rapidly .
Between 2004 and 2005 , 28 health care mergers , valued at $ 53 billion , outpaced the number of health care mergers in the previous eight years combined .
Low interest rates , leverage and lax anti-trust enforcement by the Bush Administration allowed conglomerates to take control of the health insurance in the U.S.
A 2009 report from Fortune Magazine reveals that the revenue of the top two companies account for $ 142 billion or 36 percent of the health care insurance market , while the top four gross $ 202 billion , almost three quarters of all health insurance .
“ During the Bush administration , there were no enforcement actions against health insurers ’ anticompetitive , deceptive or fraudulent conduct , ” David Balto , senior fellow , Center for American Progress , told the Senate Committee on Commerce , Science and Transportation in July 2009 .
“ There was tremendous consolidation in the market , and the Justice Department simply required minor restructuring of two mergers .
There were no cases against anticompetitive conduct by health insurers . ”
Health insurance monopolies do business under pseudonyms to hide their identities and project a false impression of competition in the industry .
The largest , UnitedHealth Group , reported $ 81 billion in revenue in 2008 and sold products under such names as OptumHealth , Ovations and AmeriChoice .
WellPoint , the second largest , has revenues of $ 61 billion and insures 35 million people under Unicare and Blue Cross / Blue Shield .
Concentration is even greater on a state - by - state basis .
A 2006 study by the AMA found that health insurance is “ highly concentrated ” in 94 percent of the states , and in a majority of the nation ’s largest metropolitan areas a single insurer controlled more than half the business .
A 2007 study by Health Care for America Now found that in 38 states , the top two insurers control 57 percent or more of the market , and in 15 states one insurer controlled 60 percent or more of the market .
Facing the monopoly power of UnitedHealth Group and Wellpoint , smaller firms cannot compete : Aetna ranks third with $ 31 billion in revenue , and Humana is fourth with $ 29 billion .
Of the 14 health care insurers , the smallest eight have yearly revenue of less than $ 12 billion .
Such concentration stands in stark contrast to a “ free enterprise ” system where companies compete to lower costs and provide consumer choices .
Instead , monopoly control raises prices unilaterally and controls every aspect of clients ’ health care .
No wonder insurance premiums increased an average of 87 percent in the past six years , according to FamiliesUSA .
Economists point out that most wage increases went to pay for health insurance from 2000 to 2009 .
For example :
In New York , the cost of health insurance increased 93 percent , while wages increased 14 percent ; in California , health insurance increased 109 percent , while wages increased 26 percent ; and in Texas , health insurance rose 80 percent , while wages rose 11 percent .
Insurers also have “ monopsony ” power to dictate prices and coverage terms to hospitals and doctors , with profits redistributed to shareholders .
Profits increased apace .
According to SEC filings , the major health insurers increased their profits over 400 percent from 2000 to 2008 .
Overall , profits rose from $ 2.4 billion in 2000 to $ 13 billion in 2007 .
CEOs were paid accordingly ; their pay reaching 468 times that of the average American worker , with money left over to lobby against reforms .
According to the National Institute on Money in State Politics , the health care industry paid almost $ 400 million to politicians in state governments in the past six years .
The Center for Responsible Politics discovered the industry spent over $ 1 billion in the past two years to oppose real reform .
As the debate progressed , important consumer protection provisions were whittled away .
“ Although the overwhelming majority of the American people support it , there ’s no public option , no end of the anti-trust exemption for the health insurance industry , no option for people over 55 to buy into Medicare , no ability of the government to negotiate drug prices or import cheaper drugs from Canada , and no real regulation of health insurance premiums , ” said Zack Kaldveer , spokesman for the Consumer Federation of California .
“ Yet , Congress is mandating everyone to purchase an overpriced product from a corrupt system .
If premiums continue to rise , we ’ll be stuck wasting money on an unsustainable health care system . ”
The insurance monopoly is pouring millions of dollars into creating misleading catchwords , carefully chosen to guide our opinions .
Reforms are needed to protect consumers from a vast monopoly , slowly draining our paychecks into for - profit conglomerates .
Without strict controls over these monopolies , we will be stuck with the same old predatory system .
In a political world dominated by grey men in grey suits , Iris Robinson – the wife of Northern Ireland 's first minister Peter Robinson , and an MP and MLA in her own right – has always stood out .
Not , it must be said , because of any particular acumen or brilliance ( " I recognise I 'm not the brightest light in the chandelier when it comes to debating constitutional issues , " she admits , " I leave those to Peter " ) but because she has always lived as though she is performing herself in the melodramatic movie of her life .
That 's why the revelations about her extramarital affair , her abrupt departure from politics and her attempted suicide – while grim and painful for the politician and her family – do n't seem particularly surprising to seasoned Iris - watchers .
Unlike her husband Peter ( seemingly a model of stony - faced repression , despite his spiky , incongruously boyish haircut and jolly ties )
Iris is emotional , loud , flamboyant and glamorous , a kind of Ulster Sarah Palin , and the very antithesis of the buttoned - up unionist matron .
She charges about in her convertible Mini Cooper , leaving a cloud of perfume and gifts from grateful constituents trailing in her wake .
Yet you sense that she is always watching herself being watched , creating a persona for herself in the same way she interior - designed her home , with its opulent Tuscan bathroom and four - poster Gothic bed .
But Iris is no maverick .
While she has evidently relished the sexy granny look , she is every inch an evangelical Christian ( of the Pentecostalist , rather than the Free Presbyterian variety ) .
Martin McGuinness and Gerry Adams are on her prayer list – " I 'd like to see them redeemed by Christ , " she said in one interview .
More recently , she 's been airing her stridently fundamentalist views , most notably when she referred to homosexuality as " an abomination " , and offered to put gay people in touch with a wonderful psychiatrist of her acquaintance who would sort them out in no time .
" The government has a responsibility to uphold God 's laws morally , " she added , for good measure .
Now that the Scarlett O'Hara - inspired facade has crumbled , sympathy for her has been tempered by these outbursts .
There 's a sense among some people ( mainly those bruised by her former attacks ) that , in recklessly mixing personal morality with politics , Iris has little right to expect non-judgmental understanding now .
But , politically speaking , it 's wrong to assume that the sex scandal will finish off the Robinsons among the evangelical Christians who make up so much of the DUP vote .
The revelations can be seen as in keeping with their world view .
Many
Ulster evangelicals have an ingrained mistrust of what they see as women 's vicious , conniving , sexual ways .
In this view , evangelical women must still enact the story of poor , crazy Eve : weak , in need of male supervision and control , easy prey to temptation and deficient in moral capacity .
So Iris seemingly fits in neatly there .
Meanwhile , Peter Robinson stands free and clear as the wronged husband , grieved and dignified in his study , alongside a card from his children saying what a great dad he is .
No , the real harm to the Robinsons , if it comes at all , will be about money , not sex .
It has been alleged that the public confession may have been in part prompted by a BBC investigation into Iris Robinson 's finances .
If there is impropriety there , that 's the " sin " that would really stick in the craw of the canny but upstanding Protestant businessman voter – and prove the true undoing of the Robinson name .
( CNN ) -- A 62 - year - old Michigan man was severely burned when a homemade rocket strapped on his back exploded while he slid down a snowy hill on a sled , authorities said this week .
The rocket stunt was the grand finale on Saturday during the man 's annual sledding party at his Oakland County , Michigan , home , the sheriff 's department said .
" He is known for doing ' crazy things ' at his parties , " an Oakland County sheriff 's department statement said .
" On this date , after consuming an unknown quantity of alcohol , he constructed a device out of a motorcycle muffler and pipe . "
Inside the makeshift rocket , the victim placed gunpowder , heads from matches and gasoline .
He donned a helmet and took a sled to the top of a snowy embankment .
" He asked another person to light a wick and then began to sled down a hill .
At some point during the ride downhill , the device exploded .
The results of the explosion were second - degree burns to the victim 's face , " the sheriff 's department statement said .
No one else was injured during the incident .
The man , whose identity is not yet known , was hospitalized with significant damage to one of his eyes and could face criminal charges , authorities said .
I still run into people lambasting Git for the concept of the index from time to time .
It seems strange and superfluous to users of other VCS s – like a speed bump that serves no purpose .
Why not just commit the changes in the working copy ?
This perception is understandable ; when I first heard of Git , back as a Subversion user , I was one of these people .
How times and minds change .
Today , I use it and rely on it so much that I can’t imagine moving to any other VCS that does n’t have this concept .
( And none of the contemporary contenders do . )
Because of this , I keep responding to such criticism , repeating myself .
I figured I should put my explanation down somewhere where I can point people to .
So what is the index good for ?
The key to understanding it is how it interacts with git diff .
Once you add something to the index ( also referred to as staging it ) , it disappears off the diff .
You can pass -- cached to see what changes you have staged , but by default , it does n’t show you the changes that you have asserted are ready for commit .
When I first read about this , it sounded outright stupid to me .
Why would anyone want that ?
Turns out : because it is hugely helpful .
Consider : when a merge fails , the successfully merged diff hunks are staged , but conflicted hunks are not – which means that git diff will show only conflicts , and the successfully performed part of the merge does n’t cloud the diff .
Furthermore , the way to mark files with conflicts as merged is to stage them after manual resolution , which makes them too disappear from the diff .
Maybe this is why Linus introduced the concept in the first place , being that the main part of his job is to perform merges all day long .
But that ’s far from the only circumstance in which the index has been useful to me .
The essence , already apparent in the above description but applicable much more widely than just during merges ( which I do n’t do a whole lot of , all things considered ) , is that the index introduces the idea of a known good part of a commit under construction .
Often , when I set out to make some self - contained change to the code , I do n’t know up front the detailed approach of how I ’ll go about it .
I may also end up making incidental other changes – a small improvement to a utility library , a fix for a tiny bug I noticed while tooling about in its vicinity , stuff like that .
As well , I sometimes end up changing directions a few times for some aspect or other of the change that I was originally planning to make .
Having the index available to me , I just keep working on things for however long I need to arrive at a clear picture , without worrying about commits .
Afterwards , I start by reviewing the diff to see how to break down the work into chunks that will best make sense to whoever might read the patches later .
Then I use git add -- patch to gradually untangle changes from each other into separate logical steps .
This command will even let you edit diffhunks for extra control , which I occasionally make use of to pull apart changes from multiple logical steps that ended up affecting the same line (s ) .
I ’d say I end up making about 3 - and - change commits on average out of non-trivial work units , along with a varying number of assorted one - liner commits that may get shuffled onto other branches .
Yet I am free to get there any way I shall , rather than being forced to painstakingly plan out the minutiæ of the work ahead of time .
I keep harping on this , but it really matters to me .
I love how much Git goes out of its way to get out of mine in this regard .
NB : if you work this way , it means that when time comes to commit , you are making up commits that reflect states of the source code which never existed on disk before .
So you do n’t actually know whether the commit you are about to make is any good – a syntax error might have slipped in , say .
Again , git has just the ticket : it ’s called git stash -- keep - index .
This will stash the changes you see using git diff , but not the ones you have staged , so it will leave the code on disk exactly the same as the index .
Use this just before you commit , to run your tests .
After committing , you apply the stashed changes back into the working copy using git stash pop , as always , and continue where you left off .
In this kind of workflow , the meaning of git diff becomes “ work I have n’t reviewed yet ” or “ work I do n’t want to commit yet ” and git diff -- cached becomes “ work I have vetted for inclusion in the next commit ” .
The index is what makes this possible .
I do n’t know how I ever worked another way .
In response to my first few frustrating hours with a Droid , my friend Gina asked if I 'd post my thoughts four weeks on , instead of first impressions which can often be deceiving ( but amusing — I encourage others to do it sometime even if half your blog entry ends up bemoaning the difficult packaging to get to the item ) .
Now that I 've learned the ins and outs and gotten to kick the tires on Android , the Droid , and a Nexus One , I feel like there is a lot to say about it , especially in comparison to my years on an iPhone and previous to that , a Blackberry .
I 'm much less frustrated by Android and the devices it runs on , after tweaking things and getting to know it better .
There are a lot of similarities to the iPhone , many places I think it even excels over the iPhone , and quite a few areas that can be improved .
In no particular order :
The Good
– Though I did n't like it at first , I 've grown to like the desktop metaphor for the Android home screen .
Simple shortcuts to just the apps or views of apps that you use the most , it 's a great timesaver and once tweaked to my liking , I found I only hit the applications button once every couple days because all the key things are on my desktop .
– The Android 2.1 OS in the Nexus One is brilliant looking and the desktop and apps views are much nicer looking that earlier releases .
It 's a shame they do n't deploy those equally to all Android devices .
– The software keyboard is on par with the iPhone 's , though I miss the hidden hold - drag shortcuts ( on an iPhone you could hit the 123 button , hold it , and slide over to that one number you needed , when released the keyboard would bounce back to alpha ) .
I love the suggested words showing up above the keypad and I 've found it to be a huge timesaver , guessing correctly for what I 'm typing over half the time and saving valuable keystrokes .
– The hardware keyboard on the Droid is too small and largely useless to me .
The auto - correct and suggested words go away on my Droid when you pop out the slide - out keyboard , even though I type just as many if not more mistakes than the software keyboard .
It adds quite a bit of thickness and weight to the Droid , both of which I 'd prefer to go without .
– The way Android and Google Chrome on the desktop integrate the search bar and the web address bar into a single UI feature ( when every other browser separates them ) is pure genius .
On my Android phones , I do n't even have to recall the full URL of anything , just remember a keyword or two that I know will end up at that site .
On the Android , I get location awareness with a phone number , map , and link to driving directions in the Navigation app .
– The Google Navigation app is simply incredible .
I bought a TomTom GPS unit for my wife 's car a couple years ago and liked it enough to get the TomTom app on my iPhone for driving directions when I travel and rent a car , but I 've found the TomTom iPhone app is difficult to input addresses to and has minimal integration with the iPhone 's address book ( it requires me to confirm every aspect of stored addresses ) .
The Google Navigate app can be launched from addresses found in the Android browser , offers several views of your trip , and it 's remarkably easy to enable or disable the voice prompts when driving ( every other app and unit buries that several menus deep ) .
It 's a pleasure to use and I carry my Droid in my car even though I already have a factory installed navigation system in it .
– Gmail and Google Voice are also killer apps for Android .
For people addicted to scanning and archiving items out of their Gmail inbox , the Gmail client is a pleasure .
Google Voice is incredible and sorely missed from the iPhone and the stupid iTunes App Store policies that barred it from entry .
Google Voice gives you the same sense of freedom and control over your daily interruptions that a DVR attached to a TV does — once you 've experienced it you can never go back .
– The Android ecosystem does n't require a computer at all .
At first I found this slightly frustrating as it takes some tweaking to get music on or off the device , or get movies playing back smoothly , but over time I 've come to appreciate this and enjoy it .
Having to dock my iPhone to a computer ( and wait for it to backup and transfer files when I just want to go out the door with a new podcast on it ) is a regular hassle and I can tell the Android OS was designed for people that may very well not even own a desktop or laptop computer .
The phone itself is almost as powerful as a laptop .
I have n't played with podcasting apps much on Android , but I imagine it must be as easy as it is to update apps and download music from Amazon .
– The form factor of the Nexus One is amazing .
Super thin and light , with a huge bright screen .
Being that I do n't have a SIM card in it , its first charge ran for a week with occasional use over wifi .
My Droid feels blocky , heavy , chunky , and barely holds a charge for a 24 hr day of use .
– Verizon on the Droid is a much better phone service than AT&T on the iPhone .
I know , totally obvious , but the difference is so great that I 'm paying for a second cellphone because AT&T has gotten so bad in the last few months .
I live outside of Portland , Oregon , and while 3G and phone service works great in my small town of few iPhone users , the moment I go near the city of Portland I get dropped calls galore and 3G data issues .
I 've taken to calling friends back on the Verizon Droid often enough that having a backup phone on another network is a necessity .
– I missed multi -touch the first time I used Android , but after a day or two I got used to double - tapping to zoom in apps and dragging with one finger to accomplish the same thing .
It probably sucks for games to not have multitouch , but it 's fine in apps .
– The notifications bar with pull - down alerts is great for finding out a bunch of information coming from a variety of your apps at once .
I wish the iPhone had something like that .
– Being able to " return " any app in the Android Market within 24hrs for a full refund is fantastic .
– Having all your apps , desktop wallpapers , etc. saved on the server side somewhere at Google is a pretty amazing thing .
After I popped onto the Nexus One for the first time and inputted my Google details , the phone picked up most of my preferences from my Droid phone .
This will make switching phones in the future from one Android device to another much smoother .
– It 's clear Android is going to be a popular phone operating system available on pretty much every carrier in the US .
Overall , I 'd say it 's about 80 - 90 % of the way to the kind of experience you get with an iPhone with several things I feel it does better than an iPhone .
Areas for improvement
– The iPhone came from the iPod world so it's an incredible media playback device and the Droid and Nexus One feel like multimedia is just an add - on that is n't central to the device .
There 's no iTunes to sync with Android ( I tried doubletwist and it was buggy ) so you either have to buy music directly from the Amazon MP3 store ( which I actually prefer to the iTunes store for music even on my Mac desktop due to cheaper songs and no DRM ) or you have to navigate mounted USB folders in the file system by hand , which is a chore at best .
It took a bit of reading forums and blog posts to figure out the correct Handbrake settings to get a movie to playback smoothly on either Android device , and I had to make a directory called " Video " in the right place and download a playback app from the Android Marketplace to even watch it .
The Nexus One has a bigger , brighter screen than any iPhone or iPod I 've used so you 'd think they 'd make media more a focus given the great hardware .
– The Android Market for Apps is good but feels like it could be a lot better .
There does n't seem to be nearly as much curation as the iPhone App Store for making you aware of the best of the best ( I had to rely on twitter and blog posts to figure out what to try out ) .
The reviews are listed by the last three reviews first , even if they are a frustrated user ( iPhone App Store lists highest rated first , right ? ) so the reviews are choppy ( lots of either 1 - star I HATE IT or 5 - star AMAZING reviews ) .
There is no " Update all apps " single button to push which gets tiresome as your Android device tells you every few days you need to update four apps by clicking over and over and over .
– The iPhone has only one button , Android has four along the bottom .
i Phone puts it on developers to code up their own navigation buttons and labels , while Android just gives developers hooks to those four hardware buttons .
The problem ?
There 's no consistency and a distinct lack of labeling on Android .
On an iPhone , developers have to create " back " buttons and they get to label them as well so you always know where you 're going to end up if you push it ( like " Inbox " or " back to twitter " ) .
On Android it 's a blind button without a label and sometimes when you hit the back button in a web browser you go back a page and sometimes you jump back to an application that launched the web browser .
Sometimes the back button lets you go backward in an app and many times you get the haptic buzz telling you THERE IS NO BACK BUTTON and you 're stuck on that screen .
I 've played with an Eris Android phone as well and the big surprise there was the four hardware buttons are n't even in the same order as my other two Android devices .
That seems insane to me .
– Google 's internal teams sometimes slap existing features into their apps or they change key features of public apps with little warning ( like Google Reader suddenly making the Share button public ages ago ) .
Android is a phone , and every phone needs an address book , right ?
Google decided to slap my Gmail contacts into the phone and call that the same as an address book , which was a surprise to me .
My Gmail contacts are mostly people I email often ( including tech support questions to my many websites ) and the Venn Diagram of people I email a lot and people I call a lot are vastly different things .
I did n't have phone numbers stored in my Gmail contacts for longtime friends I would like to call from the device , so essentially the moment I logged into Google I had a phone with hundreds of people I barely know over email that I would never need to call plus I did n't even have phone numbers for the few I did want to call .
If I want to morph this into a usable address book , I have to delete a lot of people and add a lot of data to my contacts , but that might affect how Gmail works on my desktop browser .
If I delete someone does that mean their new emails to me might show up as unknown spam ?
I do n't know .
– The iPhone has a lot of " hidden " features .
Stuff like holding down keys on the virtual keyboard giving you new options , and screenshots by touching two buttons at once , but the amount of what I 'd classify as " hidden " features in Android feels much longer .
Every button has a separate long - hold state that offers up menus and options you can't find unless you know to click .
The web browser does n't show you how many windows are open like Mobile Safari .
I never know how many apps are even open and running aside from the reports in the upper taskbar .
I did n't know silent mode could be accessed from holding the top button for a long time .
Every day there 's a new hidden feature I 'm accidentally stumbling upon to the point the phone feels like a linux command line or a wiki with its own cryptic syntax you have to learn slowly to the point of memorizing lots of keystrokes .
– The trackball on the Nexus One is next to useless .
It 's much faster for me to point and tap something I want on the screen than scroll through every option with a trackball .
It 's easy to ignore though .
Like I said , overall , I 'm happier with the Android OS , and I 'm in love with the Nexus One hardware .
The moment the Verizon branded Nexus
One goes on sale , I 'll pick one up and try to unload my blocky Droid .
Despite some issues I have with the iTunes App Store , I do love almost everything about the iPhone for its intuitive interface , great gaming , fantastic multimedia playback , and overall utility , but Android is definitely going to give it a run for its money and I look forward to both platforms innovating .
At this point , I feel like each platform has enough strengths that I 've become the kind of weirdo that carries two phones around , using the best of both worlds depending on usage .
The last few months have been a crazy few months for us here at RedditGifts .
I have been trying to write a big post about what exactly happened but , I really am not a writer and the whole process of writing is driving me insane .
So , I figure I 'll skip to the end and talk about the future of RedditGifts and then hopefully I will finish the other post i've been working on at some point .
Over the past 2 months 5 days and myself have done a bunch of work and have learned a lot about running a program like this .
We have been trying to figure out if we want to do this again and have come to the conclusion that yes , we will do this again and we will do it better .
We have some plans for what needs to happen and what is going to happen next , unfortunately there is a good amount of work to be done in order to get us to this point .
Here are some of our current thoughts .
We will have 2 big gift exchanges every year .
One centering around June 25th and the other centering around December 25th .
The gift exchange in June will be limited to people who participated in the December exchange ( and were good santas ) .
There will also be some amount of invites given to each good santa for the June exchange .
There will no longer be the option of giving more than 1 gift .
This , more than anything we did this year caused us problems and these problems are very hard to track down and deal with .
We will create the ability to have other exchanges of different types so that we can do things like card exchanges .
These new features will not be ready in time for Valentines day , sorry .
In order to keep this going and go at the pace that is needed we will need to find some ways to bring in some money on this project .
We intend to keep this as unobtrusive as possible , but you will start seeing some changes in the coming weeks and months .
There will be some form of advertising as well as merchandise .
We hope everyone understands the need for this and shows us some support when this all happens .
In closing , we would like to thank everyone who participated this year and gave us support throughout the process .
It has been a lot of fun and I think if we do this smartly , it will be even more fun next time !
Make sure you stay up to date with what we are planning :
Follow RedditGifts on Twitter
Subscribe to our blog 's rss feed
Join the secretsanta subreddit
After the nomadic rampage of the 4th century , Tuoba Wei Dynasty & the Southern Chinese Dynasties , respectively , renewed historical contacts with the rest of the world , i.e. , Japan to the east , ancient Burma / Indochina / India / Ceylon to the south , Central Asia to the west , and Arab / Persia / Roman further away .
Nevertheless , Japan 's history in the Fourth Century became forever " mysterious " as a result of Northern China 's disintegration .
With Tuoba Wei China developing the northern Silk Road , Liang Dynasty of southern China underwent a prosperous sea route exchange with the rest of the world .
Monk Fa-Shien 's return trip from India had been widely analyzed to infer a possible blow - away to the Mexico coastline before going the opposite direction to China .
Often researched upon by scholars would be a drawing by Liang Dynasty 's Emperor Yuandi , entitled " zhi [ duty or post ] gong [ tribute ] tu [ picture ] " [ Liang chih - kung - t'u ] .
Liang chih - kung - t'u , whose original drawing possibly destroyed together with 140,000 volumes of books at the time of Emperor Yuandi 's death , was supposed to be a recollection drawing works of the emissaries who had visited Jingzhou the garrison city where Yuandi had stationed throughout dozens of years .
The point to make here is that Liang Dynasty had apparently received delegations from 2 - 3 dozen statelets covering the countries mentioned earlier .
The drawing 's minute details about the ancient countries in today 's Afghanistan and Iran and their emissaries absolutely corroborated the facts that China 's linkage with Central Asia was live and frequent , yielding substantial validity to the person of Monk Hui-shen and his story of the trip to the American continent .
Melburnians have always been known as foodies , but now they have a new reason to eat out .
The city 's reputation has taken a battering in the last 12 months amid reports surfacing of racially - motivated attacks targeting Indian students .
Fed up with violence and the bad wrap her city was receiving , Mia Northrop decided to embrace Melbourne 's love of food in a show of support for the Indian and migrant community .
On February 24 , she is encouraging people all over Australia to take part in Vindaloo Against Violence .
Ms Northrop , who works as a digital media designer , says the idea is simple .
" The idea is that you just go to your local Indian restaurant and just dine on Indian food as a way of embracing the Indian community , " she said .
" [ My husband and I ] wanted something that the maximum number of people could get behind , so it just kind of popped into my head .
" You can have this show of force that thousands of people are doing this same thing at the same time . "
Ms Northrop , who lived in New York for several years , says she first heard about the attacks when she was overseas .
" Some of it had circulated overseas and was in the media there and I was kind of getting more and more appalled with what was happening , " she said .
" Since the 2000 Olympics the overseas love affair with Australia seems to have soured .
We 've had a couple of incidents where there 's been perceptions where we 're perhaps racist .
" Things had been circulating [ overseas ] about [ Australia 's ] immigration stance and boat people and then these attacks and then people were asking ' What 's happening in Melbourne ?
What does the everyday person think about all of this ?
What 's it like to actually live there ? "
Ms Northrop says she is amazed at the response Vindaloo Against Violence has received .
She says the event has even attracted the attention of Prime Minister Kevin Rudd , who has started following the Vindaloo Against Violence Twitter stream .
" I 've actually been floored .
There 's been comments from all over Australia .
We 've had people from Sydney and Adelaide and Brisbane and Perth and Canberra , Hobart , saying ' Make this event national , I 'm organising a thing in Canberra ' , ' I 'm organising a thing in Sydney ' , " she said .
" We 've got people from Tennessee and Vancouver and Singapore and Hong Kong saying ' We 're going to do it here ' .
" I do n't know how they found out about it , but certainly people from across Australia , it 's resonating with them . "
' Mixed messages '
The Victorian Police have been accused of down playing the motive for the attacks , but Ms Northrop says that is not the point .
" I think we 've been getting mixed messages .
So it is confusing to work out what is the media hype and what is really happening , " she said .
" But either way I think that people do n't want this to be happening in their city .
" It 's almost besides the point [ whether the attacks are racially motivated or not ] .
The perception is out there ... either way , Indians are feeling unsafe on the street . "
But there is no doubt the perception in India is that its nationals have being targeted in violent attacks perpetrated by Australians .
And Ms Northrop says she hopes word of Vindaloo Against Violence reaches India .
" My main aim now is making sure I can get it to the people that the message is supposed to go to , both here and overseas , " she said .
" I 'm hoping the Indian media will pick up on this . "
She also hopes publicity surrounding the event will lead to a re-evaluation of behaviour in Australia .
" Everyday Australians do n't accept racially - motivated violence .
I think we want to shift the focus from what Indians need to be doing to protect themselves in terms of their safety , to finding out why is this happening in our society , " she said .
" Who are the people who are doing this ?
Let 's try and diffuse this criminal behaviour and get to the core of it .
Flush out the reasons or the issues behind it . "
Ms Northrop says Vindaloo Against Violence - an idea initially thrown around with family and friends - is now taking up all of her spare time .
" I initially sent it out to 100 friends on Facebook and then I put the Twitter account together and did the website and I really had no idea how it was going to be .
It could have been me and 30 friends having some Indian food on a Wednesday night , " she said .
She says all Australians can support Vindaloo Against Violence by registering online and going to their local Indian restaurant on February 24 .
And she says if the traditional vindaloo is too hot for your tastebuds , tucking into a butter chicken , korma or rogan josh are all acceptable ways of showing your support for the Indian community .
" You can have whatever Indian food you like , there 's certainly plenty to choose from , " she said .
I scream , you scream , we all scream for Icesave !
Iceland has a population of about 300,000 , about 140,000 taxpayers and pre-crisis GDP of about $ 12bn .
The Royal Bank of Scotland has about 140,000 employees and pre-crisis net profit of about £ 8.5 bn – they ’re about the same size as entities .
Iceland , like RBS , did very well out of the debt bubble and picked up assets all over the world in an impressive but ultimately unsustainable spending spree .
And in a final point of similarity , Iceland , like RBS , owes the British government a hell of a lot of money as a result of the bursting of the bubble .
On the other hand , if Sir Fred Goodwin , the deposed former CEO of RBS , were to suddenly announce that repaying the government ’s capital injections was far too onerous a burden and jeopardised RBS ’s ability to pay bonuses ( particularly given that the majority of RBS employees had very little involvement in the decisions which caused the bubble , and only a very few of them actually directly benefited from the huge profits made ) , and that there should be a referendum of RBS employees as to whether or not to repudiate their bailout obligations , I sincerely doubt whether there would be all that many blog posts saying “ Well Done RBS For Standing Up To The Bullies ” .
And that is effectively what has happened here ; people seem to have fit this into a template of LDC debt defaults , or presumed that because the UK used powers under its Terrorism Act ( which is an unreasonably draconian Act , but the actual goal of preventing a bankrupt debtor from shifting assets out of the country is hardly an intrinsically illegitimate one ) , it must have been bullying or acting illegitimately .
In fact , the timeline is roughly as ajay describes it in comments to John Band ’s post on the subject , which I plagiarised and tidied up for my own blog .
Basically , a neoliberal government encouraged the financial sector boom in Iceland ( there were plenty of other political parties which thought that the increasing dependence on banking was a bad idea ; they did n’t get votes ) and provided a deposit guarantee scheme which allowed Landsbanki to raise deposits in the UK .
When the balloon went up , the Icelandic government assured the British ( and Dutch ) governments that the deposits were guaranteed , and on this basis , the Brits and Netherlanders paid depositors out of their local schemes ( for speed and convenience ) , on the understanding that the debt would be collected later .
After a number of pretty shoddy corporate finance moves aimed at trying to wriggle out of this debt , the neoliberal government collapsed and a new government came in .
That government ( partly under the influence of the IMF , which in general takes a dim view of OECD debtors who try to selectively default and stiff major trading partners , on the basis that one really ca n’t be seen to encourage that sort of thing ) recognised the debt as a legitimate one and started negotiating repayment terms .
After a certain amount of squabbling , an arrangement was reached which was both satisfactory to the creditors and able to get through the Icelandic Parliament .
This is the bill which President Grimsson has just vetoed , sending it to the referendum .
The Presidential veto is a very unusual device in Icelandic politics – since the beginning of the current constitution in 1944 , it has been used precisely once , in 2004 , by Grimsson , to veto a bill which would have prevented a member of his own political party from establishing a media monopoly , the existence of which media monopoly presumably is not totally irrelevant to the widespread popular support for what would otherwise look like a fairly venial attempt by a discredited former government to throw a spanner in the works of their successors ’ attempts to dig the country out of the mess they created , massively damaging their international credibility in the process .
Basically , if you think Californian budgetary politics are all screwed up and held to ransom by a bunch of wildly irresponsible rightwingers who want to blame everyone but themselves , take a look at Iceland – you ’re gonna love it .
Lauren Ashley , a Miss California USA contestant and outspoken opponent of same - sex marriage , claims Beverly Hills as the city she represents .
Beverly Hills lays no claim to her whatsoever .
Quite the opposite .
In a statement Wednesday , the city said it was shocked by Ashley 's description of herself as " Miss Beverly Hills . "
The city " does not sponsor a beauty pageant and has no association with Miss California USA , " the statement said .
" As such , there should be no individual claiming the title of Miss Beverly Hills . "
The city 's statement said Ashley lives in Pasadena and " does not represent Beverly Hills in any capacity . "
Ashley , 23 , has been quoted extensively as saying same - sex marriage goes against God .
She recently told news organizations that " in Leviticus it says , ' If man lies with mankind as he would lie with a woman , both of them have committed an abomination .
They shall surely be put to death and their blood shall be upon them . '
The Bible is pretty black and white . "
" We are dismayed by any potential association with the city of Beverly Hills , which has a long history of tolerance and respect , " Mayor Nancy Krasne said .
Ashley 's comments were made just months after former Miss California Carrie Prejean settled her legal duel with state beauty pageant organizers related to her high - profile stand against gay marriage .
Beverly Hills said it had contacted pageant officials to determine how to prevent any future beauty contestants from claiming the title of Miss Beverly Hills .
The pageant is put on by K2 Productions in Los Angeles .
Ashley could not immediately be reached .
-- Martha Groves
More breaking news in L.A. Now :
Bicyclists plan ride in downtown L.A. to protest ' unfair treatment '
Lawyer says L.A. ethics agency cleared airport officials after travel inquiry
ACLU sues city school district and state over teacher layoffs
Animal - rights activists aim protests at UCLA researchers ' children , blog says
Suspected skid row drug dealer arrested on gun , drug charges
Former teen idol Leif Garrett pleads not guilty to heroin charge
Reintroducing one doctor ’s healthcare reform solution .
Can sanity prevail ?
' CSI Miami ' actress loses battle over security gate ; she says she fears stalker
Scientists at the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory reported Thursday they have taken a major step toward harnessing the forces that power the sun in an effort to create unlimited energy on Earth .
In experiments at the lab 's National Ignition Facility , the scientists successfully fired an array of 192 laser beams at a helium - filled target no larger than a BB shot and instantly heated it to 6 million degrees Fahrenheit .
The gas vanished in a tiny explosion .
The scientists said that result marked the most important advance yet in more than 10 years of work at the $ 3.5 billion facility .
They are seeking two major goals :
--
To create in miniature the explosions of thermonuclear weapons in order to validate the computer codes that test the safety and reliability of America 's nuclear stockpile .
--
To show that the immensely powerful lasers can achieve safe fusion reactions that could be scaled up for the eventual production of unlimited and clean energy , a dream nuclear scientists have been pursuing for more than five decades .
Working toward ' ignition '
The successful experiments by a team of 35 physicists , led by ignition facility scientists Siegfried H. Glenzer and L. Jeffrey Atherton , were described Thursday in the online edition of the journal Science .
In coming months the team will start a new round of experiments seeking finally to achieve what they call " ignition " - a true thermonuclear reaction inside the laboratory 's tiny targets .
" We 're confident of our ability to start seeking ignition this summer , " Atherton said in an interview .
" And we 're optimistic that at some point soon we 'll achieve it . "
To achieve that thermonuclear reaction , the scientists will attempt to use the lasers ' immensely powerful beams to reach temperatures of more than 200 million degrees Fahrenheit and pressures millions of times greater than Earth 's atmosphere - conditions found only in the interior of the sun and stars .
The beryllium target will be filled with deuterium and tritium - the isotopes of hydrogen - frozen into a crystal at 424 degrees below zero Fahrenheit and blasted by the lasers in a billionth of a second .
The target will be held inside a tiny gold cylinder called a hohlraum , about the size of a pencil eraser .
If those experiments succeed , the hydrogen isotopes would be crushed instantly and explode inward until they fuse and yield vastly more energy than the laser beams had pumped into them .
The National Ignition Facility is a 10 - story building that was dedicated in May on the heavily guarded and highly classified Livermore site .
But for many decades , Livermore scientists foresaw the need for increasingly powerful lasers to reach ignition .
Lasers called Janus , Cyclops , Argus and the 20 - beam laser named Shiva were used to conduct crucial experiments that led to the 10 - year development of the laser array .
Thermonuclear reactions
The new laser array will be used to trigger thermonuclear reactions mimicking in miniature the deadly energy of thermonuclear weapons , and those efforts are the principal aim of the project .
It is largely funded by the National Nuclear Security Agency , which oversees America 's arsenal of nuclear weapons and seeks to maintain their safety and reliability as the weapons age .
But many scientists foresee that experiments like the ones at the ignition facility could lead the way to the eventual construction of large - scale fusion reactor power plants capable of generating countless megawatts of electricity using the hydrogen isotopes from ocean water as endless fuel .
B. Grant Logan , director of a separate and unclassified attempt to achieve ignition based at the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory , said the new report is highly encouraging .
The report , he said in an e-mail , shows " remarkable progress toward the scientific demonstration of fusion ignition and energy gain in the laboratory for the first time in the world .
At the rate they are going , " he said , " it does appear to me that fusion ignition will be demonstrated soon . "
Conflict coloured the first day of Olympic competition on Saturday after a protest rally erupted into violence in downtown Vancouver , spurring a lengthy showdown between participants and police .
More than 100 protesters , many believed to be anarchists clad in all - black attire with bandanas over their faces , spray painted cars and threw newspaper boxes into windows near the intersection of Granville and Georgia Streets shortly before 10 a.m .
Another 200 protesters remained peaceful , police said later .
The violent faction then marched west , walking backwards in formation holding a ladder as a barricade .
Protesters beat drums and chanted slogans such as " Homes not games , " and " No Olympics on stolen native land . "
Simon Fraser University student Nekita Garcias said she and a friend watched as the protest turned ugly .
" We were right there when the violence started , " Garcias said .
" There were a lot of parents with kids around , they rushed them away . "
The crowd was larger before the violence broke out , Garcias said , but many participants left once the property damage began .
" Some people just walked away once it got violent , they did n't want any part of it . "
The VPD Crowd Control Unit and the 2010 Integrated Security Unit followed the crowd west to the entrance of the Stanley Park causeway , where they circled and advanced on the protesters , beating their shields with batons and pushing protesters to the ground in front of them .
Two lines of police trapped protesters between them and began to make arrests .
After several hours , police had protesters corralled in a downtown street and agreed to escort them for a few blocks in exchange for a commitment for the protesters to disperse .
A cheer went up in the crowd at the agreement .
Alissa Westergard - Thorpe , of the Olympic Resistance Network , disavowed her group from the vandalism and violence , saying that the protest was " a day of autonomous actions , independent groups , with a diversity of tactics around the Olympics . "
She said there was some property damage , but that the people who committed the damage were not the ones arrested .
She said she considers the action non-violent as long as no one was hurt , no matter how much damage is caused .
" The people who were arrested were simply marching down the street trying to assert their Charter rights with the police .
The arrests were unnecessarily violent . "
Westergard - Thorpe did not condemn the broken windows and vandalism that touched off the stand - off .
" People can choose the tactics that they like , " she said , saying police were responsible for most of the violence .
There were reports quickly on social media sites that protesters rolled marbles onto the street to disrupt mounted patrols and also threw acid at police , but officials were not immediately able to comment on the reports that surfaced on Twitter .
Protesters forced the torch relay to reroute in the city Friday and have vowed mass gatherings to oppose the Games .
On Friday , the day the Games began , more than 1,500 marchers opposed to a variety of things , demonstrated as the torch run ended and the opening ceremonies were to begin .
When they got near the stadium where the ceremonies were being held , a three - deep line of officers held them back .
Still , the protest was largely peaceful , with only one arrest after two officers were hurt during a confrontation .
Westergard - Thorpe said there are more demonstrations planned in the coming days .
" I think it 's really up to police the type of actual violence you 're going to see .
The actual violence , the only violence toward human beings is coming from the police . "
With files from The Canadian Press
In the midst of the tragedy and chaos in the Haitian capital , Israeli doctors , part of IsraAID - F.I.R.S.T. ( the Israel Forum for International Aid ) , delivered a healthy baby boy in an IDF field hospital .
When the baby 's grateful mother , Gubilande Jean Michel saw her newborn son , alive and well , she named him Israel in gratitude to the people and nation who brought her this blessing .
Little Israel is one of the hundreds who have been saved by Israeli doctors or rescue teams .
A search and rescue team from the ZAKA Israel 's International Rescue Unit pulled eight Haitian college students from a collapsed eight - story university building .
Despite its small size , Israel sent a large contingent of highly - trained aid workers to quake - stricken Haiti .
Two jumbo jets carrying more than 220 doctors , nurses , civil engineers , and other Israeli army personnel , including a rescue team and field hospital , were among the first rescue teams to arrive in Haiti .
In fact , they were the first foreign backup team to set up medical treatment at the partially collapsed main hospital in Port - au - Prince .
Yigal Palmor , Israel 's Foreign Ministry spokesman said , " It 's a large delegation and we 're prepared to send more . "
The international agencies that condemn Israel for its " disproportionate response " when it is attacked are not mentioning Israel 's disproportionate response to human suffering .
The U.S. has pledged 100 million and sent supplies and personnel .
The U.K. pledged $ 10 million and sent 64 firemen and 8 volunteers .
China , a country with a population of 1,325,639,982 compared to Israel 's 7.5 million sent 50 rescuers and seven journalists .
The 25 Arab League nations sent nothing .
Israel 's " disproportionate " response stems from Jewish memory and tradition .
Mati Goldstein , head of the ZAKA International Rescue Unit delegation managed described the scene , " Everywhere , the acrid smell of bodies hangs in the air .
It 's just like the stories we are told of the Holocaust - thousands of bodies everywhere .
You have to understand that the situation is true madness , and the more time passes , there are more and more bodies , in numbers that can not be grasped .
It is beyond comprehension . "
At the start of Sunday 's regular Cabinet meeting , Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu announced that the Israeli team had already treated hundreds of patients .
" I think that this is in the best tradition of the Jewish People ; this is the true covenant of the State of Israel and the Jewish People , " he said .
" This follows operations we have carried out in Kenya and Turkey ; despite being a small country , we have responded with a big heart .
The fact is , I know , that this was an expression of our Jewish heritage and the Jewish ethic of helping one 's fellow . "
Election methods , or voting systems , are the mathematical rules by which we choose our leaders .
Our purpose is to educate and inform the public about the gross inadequacy of our current election method and the major benefits of a better alternative .
Our current plurality system has entrenched us into a two - party duopoly without effective competition from other parties .
A simple expansion of voting rights can give voters badly needed additional choices .
Click on the first link below and begin to understand how democracy can and should work .
See for yourself !
Vote and compare the results :
2012 US presidential election polls :
2016 US presidential election polls :
If you 're gearing up for a job search now as an undergraduate or returning student , there are several bright spots where new jobs and promising career paths are expected to emerge in the next few years .
Technology , health care and education will continue to be hot job sectors , according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics ' outlook for job growth between 2008 and 2018 .
But those and other fields will yield new opportunities , and even some tried - and - true fields will bring some new jobs that will combine a variety of skill sets .
Jason Schneider
The degrees employers say they 'll most look for include finance , engineering and computer science , says Andrea Koncz , employment - information manager at the National Association of Colleges and Employers .
But to land the jobs that will see some of the most growth , job seekers will need to branch out and pick up secondary skills or combine hard science study with softer skills , career experts say , which many students already are doing .
" Students are positioned well for future employment , particularly in specialized fields , " Ms. Koncz says .
Career experts say the key to securing jobs in growing fields will be coupling an in - demand degree with expertise in emerging trends .
For example , communications pros will have to master social media and the analytics that come with it ; nursing students will have to learn about risk management and electronic records ; and techies will need to keep up with the latest in Web marketing , user - experience design and other Web - related skills .
Technology Twists
More than two million new technology - related jobs are expected to be created by 2018 , according to the BLS .
Jobs that are expected to grow faster than average include computer - network administrators , data - communications analysts and Web developers .
Recruiters anticipate that data - loss prevention , information technology , online security and risk management will also show strong growth .
More on Jobs of the Future The Next Finance Hiring Hot Spots
A computer - science degree and a working knowledge of data security are critical to landing these jobs .
Common areas of undergraduate study for these fields include some of the usual suspects , such as computer science , information science and management - information systems .
But those might not be enough .
That 's because not all of those jobs will be purely techie in nature .
David Foote , chief executive officer of IT research firm Foote Partners , advises current computer - science students to couple their degrees with studies in marketing , accounting or finance .
" Before , people widely believed that all you needed to have were deep , nerdy skills , " Mr. Foote says .
" But companies are looking for people with multiple skill sets who can move fluidly with marketing or operations . "
Social media has opened the door to the growth of new kinds of jobs .
As companies turn to sites like Twitter , LinkedIn and Facebook to promote their brands , capture new customers and even post job openings , they will need to hire people skilled in harnessing these tools , Mr. Foote says .
In most cases , these duties will be folded into a marketing position , although large companies such as Coca - Cola Co. are creating entire teams devoted exclusively to social media .
Similarly , employment for public - relations positions should increase 24 % by 2018 .
Job titles — like interactive creative director — will reflect the duality of the required skill sets .
Back to School
Students will have to study strategy to maximize relationships between third - party content providers and their company 's Web team .
Other key skills will be search - engine optimization to maximize Web traffic and marketing analytics to decipher the company 's target demographic , says Donna Farrugia , executive director of Creative Group , a marketing and advertising staffing agency in Menlo Park , Calif .
Many universities and community colleges are offering certification programs focused on burgeoning sectors .
For example , the University of California at Los Angeles 's extension program offers a certificate in information design .
That , program , like similar certificate studies at other schools , aims to give students an edge in Web site search optimization — a major attraction for Web - based companies who want to boost user traffic , says Cathy Sandeen , dean of UCLA 's extension program .
User - experience design — a sort of architecture for information that Web viewers see — is another emerging field .
Jobs there include experience specialists and product designers at firms ranging from computer - game companies to e-commerce Web sites .
Ms. Sandeen says the school will offer a certificate program for user - experience design as well , at a cost of about $ 3,000 to $ 5,000 .
The program will run one to two years , depending on a student 's schedule , and will couple product design with consumer psychology and behavior .
" Our students [ will ] learn to think like anthropologists , evaluating how easy it is to utilize the products , " she says .
Not surprisingly , green technology , including solar and wind energy and green construction , are also booming areas .
Engineers who can mastermind high - voltage electric grids , for example , will have a great advantage over other job applicants , says Greg Netland , who oversees recruiting for the U.S. , Latin America and Canada for Sapphire Technologies , an IT staffing firm in Woburn , Mass .
that is a division of Randstad .
" Global sustainability will become more important to employers , " Mr. Netland says .
" It cuts costs , making experts in the field highly attractive to employers . "
Jobs in alternative - energy systems , including wind and solar energy , will require a variety of skills : engineers to design systems , consultants who will audit companies ' existing energy needs , and those who will install and maintain the systems .
Financial Opportunities
Despite the slashing of positions seen in the financial sector during the economic crisis , recruiters also expect thousands of new jobs to be created in the compliance field , says Dawn Fay , district New York / New Jersey president of Robert Half International .
Ms. Fay counsels job seekers to look at the misdeeds of the past year or two to identify where new jobs will bloom in the financial sector .
" It was a year of Ponzi schemes and banking meltdowns , " she says .
" Be strategic and position yourself as someone who can mitigate those risks . "
That makes risk management an emerging specialty with strong growth in jobs expected .
Those on track to be financial analysts can get additional certification in risk management through organizations like the Risk Management Association or the Risk and Insurance Management Society .
" Risk management was a mainstay in financial companies , but I believe it will be present in every Fortune 500 company , " says Jeff Joerres , chairman and chief executive officer at staffing firm Manpower Inc .
Hospital Upgrades
Health care is expected to continue to see a surge in hiring , with more than four million new openings estimated by 2018 , according to the BLS .
Hiring for physical and occupational therapists will likely be strongest .
But new specialties are popping up , particularly in case management , says Brad Ellis , a partner with Kaye Bassman International , an executive - search firm based in Plano , Texas .
Case managers do everything from managing the flow of information between practitioner and insurance company to mitigating risk to the hospital .
" If you 're a licensed nurse , for example , getting a certificate in risk management from the state board of health would make you extremely competitive , " Mr. Ellis says .
Harris Miller , president of the Career College Association in Washington , D.C. , says IT will be increasingly important in the quest to drive down health - care costs , too .
Students specializing in nursing informatics , which combines general nursing with computer and information sciences , at the master 's degree level will swap a clipboard for a smart phone to manage patient data .
Schools like Vanderbilt University are offering nursing informatics degrees via distance learning , and certification is offered through American Nurses Credentialing Center , based in Silver Springs , Md .
The strong push toward making medical records and information more accessible through computerized record - keeping means opportunity , Mr. Miller says .
" This is going to require people who are skilled in the hardware and software of nursing informatics . "
Write to Diana Middleton at diana.middleton@wsj.com
Why did the Federal Reserve Bank of New York , whose Chairman was Stephen Friedman ( a Goldman Sachs board member who resigned from the New York Fed earlier this year when it was revealed that he had made $ 5 million by purchasing shares in GS with the knowledge that AIG would be paying counterparties at par and that Goldman would be getting a $ 13 billion windfall -- when no one else had this information ) and whose President was none other than current Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner , why did this New York Fed choose to pay AIG 's counterparties 100 cents on the dollar when AIG itself had been negotiating for steep haircuts with claimants , AND why did they then pressure AIG executives to keep quiet about the decision even discouraging AIG from disclosing the ' par - payments ' to its shareholders in required SEC filings ?
We 'll leave the decision itself ( which was fraudulent , borderline criminal , and the reasoning given - a complete joke ) , for another post and focus on the cover -up .
Certainly it riled up Congressman Darrell Issa who fired off an angry letter last Friday to AIG management and the New York Fed , demanding the following from both :
Emails , phone logs and meeting notes of the following people : Timothy Geithner , Stephen Friedman , Tom Baxter , and Sarah Dahlgren ;
Term sheets , including drafts , relating to AIG ’s payments to its CDS counterparties ; Emails , phone logs and meeting notes referring or relating to public disclosure of AIG ’s payments to its CDS counterparties including disclosure to the SEC .
Issa continues in his letter :
It is also disturbing that , at the time this secret deal was made , FRBNY Chairman Stephen Friedman , a member of the board of Goldman Sachs , purchased more than 50,000 shares of Goldman Sachs before knowledge of the FRBNY ’s bailout of Goldman Sachs and other AIG counterparties became public knowledge .
According to news reports , this transaction has earned Mr. Friedman over $ 5 million in profit .
Finally , according to one AIG executive quoted in news reports , the FRBNY may have attempted to manage public disclosure of its decision to pay AIG ’s counterparties at par by pressuring the company not to file pertinent documents with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ( “ SEC ” ) :
They ’d tell us that they do n’t think that this or that should be disclosed .
They ’d say , “ Do n’t you think your counterparties will be concerned ? ”
It was much more about protecting the Fed .
These allegations raise serious questions about the transparency , accountability and wisdom of the FRBNY ’s actions .
The American people have a right to know the full details behind the FRBNY ’s decision to stop negotiations with AIG ’s counterparties and pay them billions of dollars of taxpayer money .
***
DB here .
It 's not difficult to understand what happened , and it most certainly was not a coincidental result of independent decisions made during the heat of the crisis .
We 've actually known it was the Fed for awhile .
Ever since House testimony from AIG CEO Ed Liddy confirming that " The Fed made us do it . "
The problem at the time was that we did n't know which Fed .
Now we know : Geithner and Friedman interceded on behalf of Goldman and Wall Street ( Merrill received $ 6.2 billion , Societe General - a whopping $ 16.5 billion ) to deliver a stealth bailout , one that would n't need Congressional approval , and even better would n't require the counterparties to pay any of it back NOR would it require that they issue shares , warrants or any other instrument to AIG ( taxpayers ) in return for more than $ 32 billion in free money .
As example , Lehman counterparties got 11 cents .
AIG creditors in bankruptcy court might have gotten 25 cents , if they were lucky given the state of the asset markets at the time .
AIG itself was negotiating for 50 cents , but your friend and steward of your currency , Treasury Secretary Turbo - Tax , and his boss Stephen Friedman thought 100 would be the best number for everyone involved , leading to a windfall for AIG counterparties of at least $ 16 billion .
In real terms , anything over 25 cents was a gift and thus the real giveaway was somewhere in the range of $ 25 billion , notwithstanding the author 's calculations .
And if that were n't enough , then Geithner and Friedman succeeded in covering up their secret for 9 months , until Bloomberg through dogged effort and FOIA determination finally got the scoop .
Read the following passage from Bloomberg carefully :
Part of a sentence in the document was crossed out .
It contained a blank space that was intended to show the amount of the haircut the banks would take , according to people who saw the term sheet .
After less than a week of private negotiations with the banks , the New York Fed instructed AIG to pay them par , or 100 cents on the dollar .
The content of its deliberations has never been made public .
Edward Grebeck , CEO of Stamford , Connecticut - based debt consulting firm Tempus Advisors , says the most serious breach by the government was to keep the process of approving the bank payments secret .
“ It ’s inexcusable , ” says Grebeck , who teaches a course on CDSs at New York University .
“ Everybody should be privy to the negotiations that went on .
We ca n’t have bailouts like this happening behind closed doors . ”
The deliberations of the New York Fed are not made public .
In this case , even the identities of the AIG counterparties were n’t disclosed until March 2009 , when U.S. Senator Christopher Dodd , head of the Senate Finance Committee , demanded they be made public .
Bloomberg News has filed a Freedom of Information
Act request seeking copies of the term sheets related to AIG ’s counterparty payments , along with e-mails and the logs of phone calls and meetings among Geithner , Friedman and other New York Fed and AIG officials .
The request is pending .
The Federal Reserve has been reluctant to publish information on its efforts to stabilize the financial system since the crisis began .
The Fed has loaned more than $ 2 trillion , yet it refuses to name the recipients of the loans , or cite the amount they borrowed , saying that doing so may set off a run by depositors and unsettle shareholders .
William Poole , a former president of the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis , defends the New York Fed ’s action .
“ I think the Federal Reserve was trying to stop the spread of fear in the market , ” Poole says .
“ The market was having enough trouble dealing with Lehman .
If you add , on top of that , AIG paying off some fraction of its liabilities , a system which is already substantially frozen would freeze rock - solid . ”
Still , officials at AIG object to the secrecy that surrounded the transactions .
One top AIG executive who asked not to be identified says he was pressured by New York Fed officials not to file documents with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission that would divulge details .
“ They ’d tell us that they do n’t think that this or that should be disclosed , ” the executive says .
“ They ’d say , ‘ Do n’t you think your counterparties will be concerned ? ’
It was much more about protecting the Fed . ”
‘ An Outrage ’
Friedman ’s role remains controversial .
In December 2008 , weeks after the payments to the banks were authorized in November , Friedman bought 37,300 shares of Goldman stock at $ 80.78 a share , according to SEC filings .
On Jan. 22 , he bought 15,300 more at $ 66.61 .
Both purchases took place before the payments to Goldman Sachs were publicly disclosed under pressure from Senator Dodd in March .
On Oct. 26 , Goldman Sachs stock closed at $ 179.37 a share , meaning Friedman had paper profits of $ 5.4 million .
Jerry Jordan , former president of the Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland , says Friedman should have resigned from the New York Fed as soon as it became clear that Goldman stood to benefit from its actions .
“ It ’s an outrage , ” Jordan says .
“ He needed to either resign from the Fed board or from Goldman and proceed to sell his stock . ”
Friedman remains a member of Goldman ’s board and held a total of 98,600 shares of the firm ’s stock as of Jan. 22 .
Vickrey says that one reason the New York Fed should have insisted on discounted payments for AIG ’s CDSs is that the banks likely had hedges against their insured CDOs or had already written down their value .
On March 20 , Goldman Sachs CFO David Viniar said in a conference call with investors that Goldman was protected .
“ We limited our overall credit exposure to AIG through a combination of collateral and market hedges , ” Viniar said .
“ There would have been no credit losses if AIG had failed . ”
In any event , former St. Louis Fed President Poole says the entire process should have been public and transparent .
“ There should be a high bar against not disclosing , ” Poole says .
“ The taxpayer has every right to understand in detail what happened . ”
Read the rest of the article HERE
*******
So even Fed voting member and counterparty - negotiation apologist , William Poole decries the secrecy .
And he was likely not aware of the par - payment cover - up since Friedman and Geithner kept it all within the New York Fed family .
In any other time , a sitting Treasury Secretary who interceded on behalf of Wall Street to screw taxpayers out of tens of billions , would not be sitting long .
But Democrats control both the House and Senate , so there are no investiagtions ( Issa 's letter aside ) .
Traditional media is content not to rock the boat for President Banks Obama lest they be shunned by their peers , and ultimately , 99 % of TV and print journalists do n't understand the issues well enough to complain with any conviciton , especially against the merry backdrop of the Dow rising and their deflated 401 ks beginning to show life .
It 's the exact same set of circumstances that allowed Paulson to cram TARP down our throats last fall ; Congressional members and the journalists who cover them are too ill - informed about finance to have confidence in taking a critical position against the rampant fear - mongering that ultimately got the bill passed ( see this Kanjorski clip ) .
They fall prey to fear and weakly submit to duplicitous hyperbole ( Paulson threatening martial law and blood in the streets ) , when they should instead be consulting with the objective , critical voices who foresaw the crisis and were prepared with alternative solutions when it finally came ( Stiglitz said instead of TARP , create new banks ) .
A pox on Congress , President Banks Obama , Bush , Paulson , Friedman , Bernanke and Geithner ( plus Greenspan and Rubin ) .
You may have gotten away with it for now , but I would wager there are a few million of us , roughly , who do understand everything that went down last Fall , and we 're not amused .
We 're not just going to let this one pass , and we will not stop filling the vast interweb with the truth ( and our distaste and vitriol for your wretched souls ) day after day , week after week , all over message boards and finance blogs , until justice is served .
We can wait you out .
I 've seen traders hold a grudge against a stock for decades .
How long do you think we can wait given the generational rape you have inflicted upon families ?
For the guilty , your day will come .
And until then , good luck with your reputations .
By Murray Bourne , 25 Jan 2010
Color blindness is caused by a problem in the red , green or blue cones of the retina and is most often genetic in origin .
It affects males almost exclusively .
Color blindness is not evenly spread across different ethnic groups .
Around 8 % of Caucasian men , 5 % of Asians , and 4 % of African males have the most common type of color blindness — the inability to tell the difference between red and green .
As an example of the difficulties faced by those who cannot distinguish red and green , here is how a red apple is perceived by a deuteranope ( someone with the most common red- green color blindness ) .
Red apple as perceived by a normally sighted person ( left ) and by a color - blind person ( right ) .
Red apple as perceived by a normally sighted person ( left ) and by a color - blind person ( right ) .
Now we see how a green apple is perceived by a deuteranope .
Green apple ( left ) and as seen by a deuteranope ( right ) .
Green apple ( left ) and as seen by a deuteranope ( right ) .
As you can see , there is very little difference in the perceived color for the 2 apples and therefore it must be quite a challenge to go grocery shopping .
We distinguish many vegetables ( including the quality of those vegetables ) by their color .
Note that color blind people see some color ( it 's not blank or invisible ) , but they do n't distinguish green and red .
Check how color blind people see your images and text
I obtained the apple images on the right above using the excellent facility at VisCheck , which has since disappeared .
You can upload any image and see how it will look to people with different kinds of color blindness .
A possible alternative : Color Blindness Simulator
Colors of the Rainbow
Here are the rainbow colors , with the way a color blind person would see them .
Colors of the rainbow - normal ( top ) and as a color blind person sees it ( bottom )
The Ishihara Color Test
Shinobu Ishihara published tests for color blindness in 1917 .
They consist of circles with numbers embedded using different colors , as follows .
Ishihara Color Test Plates
Note :
If you have trouble seeing numbers in the above plates , it does not necessarily mean you are color blind .
Each computer monitor has different settings and capabilities .
Color blindness tests should only be done using paper print - outs .
Color blindness and learning math
Let 's now look at the implications of color blindness for math students .
Here 's a pie chart that could be used as part of a statistics lesson .
The colors are unsaturated , making it difficult to read .
Pie chart original
And now for the version that a color blind person sees .
Pie chart as seen by a deuteranope .
What if the teacher asked a question like " What percent is represented by the orange sector ? "
The brownish colors are almost indistinguishable and this would make interpretation of this chart quite difficult .
Notice that the order of the items in the legend does not follow the order of the sectors of the pie chart , so there is a double whammy for anyone trying to figure it out .
What colors should we use ?
According to Okabe and Ito in the very useful article Color Universal Design , the following are good practices to follow when developing materials .
Principles of Color Universal Design Choose color schemes that can be easily identified by people with all types of color vision .
Use a combination of different shapes , positions , line types and coloring patterns , to ensure that information is conveyed to all users including those who cannot distinguish differences in color .
Clearly state color names where users are expected to use those names in communication .
No matter what the background color of your presentation , Okabe and Ito advise to avoid red , orange , yellow , yellow - green and green , if such colors are important for distinguishing information .
That last bit is important - you do n't need to avoid these colors if they enhance the visual appeal for normally sighted people .
A lot of presenters use color for emphasis , but it can be lost on some viewers .
For example , the following could possibly look all black and so the emphasis is lost .
Dark red characters amongst black text
The following at least will be clearer .
Dark blue characters amongst black text
But please do n't use blue too often on Web pages , since this is traditionally the color for links and should be avoided .
Back to the Pie Chart
Let 's go back to our pie chart and try to improve it .
Here 's the chart again with better , more saturated colors .
I have used magenta ( equal amounts of blue and red , or # ff00 ff in color hex ) for one of the sectors .
Note it looks light blue to a color blind person .
Also observe how dark red ( # c00000 ) and light green ( #00ff00 ) appear .
Pie chart with saturated colors ( left ) and how it appears for a color blind person ( right ) .
Pie chart with saturated colors ( left ) and how it appears for a color blind person ( right ) .
It 's better , but far from perfect .
The legend ( the dots on the right of each image ) adds extra cognitive load for everyone .
If we label each sector as follows , it is easier to read and understand .
Easier to follow pie chart
Line Graphs
Here 's a graph from a page I wrote illustrating Vector Addition .
( We 're adding 2 vectors , A and B , and the resultant vector is R. )
Adding vectors ( original )
I chose primary colors ( blue and green for A and B ) , and " red " for the " resultant " ( R ) , which is fairly commonplace .
But look how disastrous it is for a color blind person :
Adding vectors as seen by color blind person
In this case , the vectors are clearly labeled , but the colors do not help at all .
I changed the script to replace green with black .
I 'm still using red ( in the original ) for the resultant vector , but I think you 'll agree all colors are distinguishable now .
Blue , black and red vector arrows , as seen by a color blind person .
Redundant Coding
Here 's another kind of line graph that 's found in statistics .
It shows a projection of the population by age for the USA .
Projected numbers of people per age cohort , USA .
( Original )
Here 's how it looks to a color blind person .
Line chart - as seen by a deuteranope .
As we 've seen in the other examples , it 's better to label the lines in a chart ( rather than use a legend ) , and to use different patterns ( square , triangle , cross , etc ) on each line .
This is called redundant coding , since we are differentiating the information in more ways than one .
Here 's a better version of this graph , with redundant coding .
Line chart with redundant coding .
I did n't change the colors ( since that would have produced limited benefits ) .
It 's also best to use thick lines when drawing graphs , since thin ones are more difficult for color blind people to see .
Avoid Certain Color Combinations
Even normally sighted people have difficulty reading certain color combinations .
Particularly on Powerpoint slides , it is irritating trying to read red or dark blue text on a dark background , something like this :
Bad enough for normally sighted people , but disastrous for color blind people , as follows .
The usual rules apply for Powerpoint slides - use highly contrasting colors - the best is black on white .
Here 's the same text in a form which is easier for everyone to read ( black on white ) :
Conclusion
We can't assume everyone in an educational setting can see things the way we see them ( in fact , that 's almost always the case on many levels , not just color perception ! ) .
Proper labeling of graphs , charts , equations and avoiding indistinguishable colors will certainly help improve readability for all learners - not just the color blind ones .
I realize now I need to go back and fix a lot of my own graphics so they are more readable .
Do n't get me wrong - still use lots of color in your presentations , but keep in mind the needs of those 5 % or so of readers who are color blind .
Please comment :
Are you color blind ?
I 'd love to hear your feedback or corrections on anything I have written here .
Image Credits
Red apple by Bulinna [ original no longer available ]
CC BY 2.0
Green apple : CC BY -SA 2.0
Ishihara Plates
Population Projections ( by IBM )
See the 19 Comments below .
Editor 's note : Gloria Borger is a senior political analyst for CNN , appearing regularly on CNN's " The Situation Room , " " Campbell Brown , " " AC360° " and " State of the Union With John King , " as well as during special event coverage .
Washington ( CNN ) --
After months of writing a huge health care bill largely behind closed doors in the Senate , now comes the decision to work out the final kinks in the massive bill in a conference committee -- behind closed doors .
Maybe it should n't stun us .
After all , the Democrats did n't expect any help from the Republicans , anyway .
And why should they ?
They have n't gotten any so far , and that wo n't change .
The GOP has found a pretty good gig in dissing President Obama and the Democrats as big- spending , deficit - producing , high - taxing liberals .
They 're not about to give up the golden message now -- particularly when it appears they 're heading into a very lucrative campaign season .
So the Democrats will hold an " informal " conference so they can fast - track the process .
After closed door meetings to reconcile the bills , the House would then pass the Senate bill ( already amended with new compromise provisions ) .
Then , the package would be sent back to the Senate for a final vote .
Presto , health care reform .
The Republicans will complain , which is to be expected .
But they 're not on terra firma on this one , given that none are expected to vote for any final product , no matter what it is .
The folks who could get truly shafted here are the liberal Democrats , who have already lost their public option -- and are bound to lose even more in this process .
The president has promised ( finally ) to truly lead in these discussions -- and he likes the Senate version of reform better than House Speaker Nancy Pelosi 's vision .
But here 's the real problem for the president :
It looks tacky .
It 's not exactly the way he promised Washington would work .
Or , as a clearly miffed Pelosi put it yesterday , when asked about the president 's campaign pledge to keep government an open book : " There were a number of things he was for on the campaign trail . "
Ouch .
Let 's review .
During the campaign , candidate Obama chastised Vice President Dick Cheney for presiding over " secret energy meetings " with oil executives at the White House .
Yet in June , as Newsweek reported , the administration balked at releasing the names of coal execs who had visited the White House -- only to relent a few months later .
During the campaign , the president promised to break down the wall , and allow Americans to watch on TV as legislation was made .
" We 'll have the negotiations televised on C - SPAN , so that people can see who is making arguments on behalf of their constituents , and who are making arguments on behalf of the drug companies or the insurance companies . "
Whoops .
C-SPAN has asked for just that kind of access during these final negotiations ( now that they 've gone underground ) .
Brian Lamb , the network 's chairman , wrote to congressional leaders to complain that taking the final process behind closed doors was unacceptable , given that this legislation will " affect the lives of every single American . "
It looks like the answer to his plea was " go away . "
The danger for the White House is that C - SPAN wo n't be the only one who feels disappointed .
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Gloria Borger .
We began reporting back in July that the Tea Party movement was rapidly becoming overwhelmed by the influx of far - right extremists , particularly at the leadership level , and that it was becoming a major nexus for mainstreaming far - right extremism .
Well , now Jonathan Kay at Newsweek -- a self - identified mainstream conservative -- is reporting essentially the same thing after spending a week in Nashville with the folks :
After I spent the weekend at the Tea Party National Convention in Nashville , Tenn. , it has become clear to me that the movement is dominated by people whose vision of the government is conspiratorial and dangerously detached from reality .
It 's more John Birch than John Adams .
... I consider myself a conservative and arrived at this conference as a paid - up , rank - and - file attendee , not one of the bemused New York Times types with a media pass .
But I also happen to be writing a book for HarperCollins that focuses on 9/11 conspiracy theories , so I have a pretty good idea where the various screws and nuts can be found in the great toolbox of American political life .
Within a few hours in Nashville , I could tell that what I was hearing was n't just random rhetorical mortar fire being launched at Obama and his political allies : the salvos followed the established script of New World Order conspiracy theories , which have suffused the dubious right - wing fringes of American politics since the days of the John Birch Society .
And as Kay notes , most journalists who covered the convention paid scarcely any attention to the wingnuttery that surrounded them and instead focused on Sarah Palin :
Perhaps the most distressing part of all is that few media observers bothered to catalog these bizarre , conspiracist outbursts , and instead fixated on Sarah Palin 's Saturday night keynote address .
It is as if , in the current overheated political atmosphere , we all simply have come to expect that radicalized conservatives will behave like unhinged paranoiacs when they collect in the same room .
That does n't say much for the state of the right in America .
The tea partiers ' tricornered hat is supposed to be a symbol of patriotism and constitutional first principles .
But when you take a closer look , all you find is a helmet made of tin foil .
No doubt Kay 's piece will provoke a storm of outrage and denial , which has become the Tea Partiers ' ( and that now includes Fox ) stock in trade -- even though the gig was up when people started packing heat at Tea Party gatherings , was n't it ?
This all brings to mind that ADL report on " Rage in America : Anti-Government Conspiracies " -- the one that called out Glenn Beck as the " Fearmonger in Chief . "
It contained a section on the Tea Parties :
Although a few events similar to the Tea Parties occurred late in the Bush administration , they took on a new tone and tenor after the election of President Obama .
While most people attending Tea Party events claim they harbor no extreme views , many of the ideas they promote fall outside the mainstream , especially the more conspiratorial ones .
Angry protesters have frequently made claims ranging from proclaiming Obama ’s “ socialist ” intentions to making explicit Nazi comparisons to suggesting that the President is defying or even subverting the Constitution .
As the study 's overview observed :
What characterizes this anti-government hostility is a shared belief that Obama and his administration actually pose a threat to the future of the United States .
Some accuse Obama of plotting to bring socialism to the United States , while others claim he will bring about Nazism or fascism .
All believe that Obama and his administration will trample on individual freedoms and civil liberties , due to some sinister agenda , and they see his economic and social policies as manifestations of this agenda .
In particular anti-government activists used the issue of health care reform as a rallying point , accusing Obama and his administration of dark designs ranging from “ socialized medicine ” to “ death panels , ” even when the Obama administration had not come out with a specific health care reform plan .
Some even compared the Obama administration ’s intentions to Nazi eugenics programs .
Some of these assertions are motivated by prejudice , but more common is an intense strain of anti-government distrust and anger , colored by a streak of paranoia and belief in conspiracies .
These sentiments are present both in mainstream and “ grass - roots ” movements as well as in extreme anti-government movements such as a resurgent militia movement .
Ultimately , this anti-government anger , if it continues to grow in intensity and scope , may result in an increase in anti-government extremists and the potential for a rise of violent anti-government acts .
But if you listen to Bill O'Reilly or Glenn Beck , these folks are just an insignificant presence in the Tea Parties .
And lollipops grow on trees .
Printed by the Military Intelligence Service throughout WWII , the Intelligence Bulletin was designed to inform officers and enlisted men of the latest enemy tactics and weapons .
For the historian and collector , the bulletins offer a rare view into the Allied knowledge of the Axis forces .
By Jonathan Amos
Science correspondent , BBC News
Hifi experienced a damaging voltage peak in August Europe 's billion - euro Herschel Space Telescope is fully operational again after engineers brought its damaged instrument back online .
The observatory 's HiFi spectrometer was turned off just three months into the mission because of an anomaly that was probably triggered by space radiation .
The Dutch - led consortium that operates HiFi has now switched the instrument across to its reserve electronics .
It says the failure event has been understood and cannot happen again .
" We 've had 30 people working on this , " said Dr Frank Helmich , the lead scientist on HiFi , from the SRON Netherlands Institute for Space Research .
" I do n't watch much television but I know Crime Scene Investigation and this was just such an investigation - but in space !
We found out what happened and then we designed all the mitigating measures , " he told BBC News .
The HiFi fault has not affected the performance of Herschel 's two other instruments - Pacs and Spire .
Strange readings
The European Space Agency ( Esa ) telescope was launched from Earth last May .
THE HERSCHEL SPACE TELESCOPE
The observatory is positioned 1.5 m km from Earth Its instruments sense far - infrared and sub-millimetre radiation Its 3.5 m diameter mirror is the largest ever flown in space Herschel can probe clouds of gas and dust to see stars being born
It will investigate how galaxies have evolved through time
The mission will end when its helium refrigerant boils off
Seeking the cold cosmos
Its quest is to study how stars and galaxies form , and how they evolve through cosmic time .
The Heterodyne Instrument for the Far Infrared ( HiFi ) is is a high - resolution spectrometer .
It is designed to capture and split light into its constituent wavelengths , creating a kind of " fingerprint " that will reveal information on the chemistry of a light source .
HiFi is expected to bring remarkable new insights into the composition and behaviour of the clouds of gas and dust that give rise to stars .
But the instrument was taken offline in August when it started returning anomalous readings .
The detailed inquiry at SRON traced the fault to a failed diode in a Local Oscillator Control Unit ( LCU ) , which is part of the system that helps process the sky signal received by the instrument .
Electronic puzzle
Even though the investigators and their " crime scene " were separated by 1.5 million km , the SRON team was able to establish that the most likely cause was a cosmic ray hitting a microprocessor .
This upset triggered a sequence of hardware and software actions that ultimately resulted in a powerful voltage being sent through the LCU and killing the diode .
HiFi project leader Dr Peter Roelfsema said : " It turned out to be a very complex technological puzzle that we had to solve based on limited information and under a great deal of pressure .
While Hifi was down , Spire and Pacs took up the observing time
Herschel captures birth of stars Herschel ' fingerprints ' huge star Herschel scans hidden Milky Way Herschel shows breadth of vision Herschel gives glimpse of power " But for all researchers involved , quickly finding an answer to this question was a matter of professional pride .
We had to - and would - crack the problem with HiFi as soon as humanly possible , but we also had to take the time to be thorough . "
Like most space equipment , Hifi has redundant electronics and the instrument is now using its reserve LCU .
Measures have also been put in place to ensure another cosmic ray event cannot initiate the same failure sequence .
While Hifi was down , its observing time was used by Pacs and Spire to return stunning new images of the far - infrared and sub-millimetre ( radio ) Universe .
They will now reciprocate by giving HiFi 50 % of the sky time in the next few months .
Fortunately , because of the way the telescope is orientated in space , HiFi 's most important targets were not due to come into view until early 2010 anyway .
" We will go into a priority science programme , " Dr Helmich told BBC News .
" We do not fear that the LCU will misbehave again but we have lost redundancy in our electronics and so we want to do the most important science observations first .
" One of the first targets will be [ star forming regions in ] Orion .
We expect tens of thousands of [ spectral ] lines to be seen by HiFi that will all need interpretation . "
The Herschel mission is expected to last about three years before the superfluid helium that drives its cooling system boils away .
At that point , the instruments ' detectors will lose their sensitivity .
Jonathan .
Amos-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
16 portraits :
The players of tech View photos
These tech - world luminaries - photographed during our recent Brainstorm Tech conference - are n't just changing the game ; they 've defined it .
Photographs by Robyn Twomey .
Quick Vote
Which type of investments will you focus on in 2010 ?
U.S. stocks
Emerging markets
Bonds
Commodities
I�m sticking with old - fashioned bank accounts or View results
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) -- U.S. innovation slowed this year for the first time in 13 years as the recession cut into budgets , and costs to protect inventions rose .
The number of patent filings in the United States fell 2.3 % in 2009 to 485,500 from 496,886 last year , according to a preliminary estimate by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office .
That makes 2009 the first year since 1996 in which businesses and inventors filed fewer patents year over year .
" That 's unfortunate because [ patent filings ] are a reflection of innovation , " said David Kappos , director of the Patent Office .
" Innovation creates so many jobs and so much opportunity for our country .
It is absolutely key to our long - term success in the global economy . "
At the same time , U.S. patents issued to inventors and businesses in foreign nations jumped 6.3 % for the year .
That 's a worry for Silicon Valley , which has been a global leader for decades .
Most blame the recession for the drop in U.S. filings .
As a result , many companies are opting to hold off on bringing new ideas to market until the economy improves substantially .
" Our patent filings were down 25 % this year , and it was a direct macroeconomic issue , " said Joe FitzGerald , deputy general counsel for tech security firm Symantec .
" The overall company reduced spending , and patent filings are a very controllable expense .
We might have filed four patents , but we filed three and made sure they were strategically significant . "
Cost constraints
The application , processing and legal fees average about $ 15,000 per patent , but the cost to defend those patents in court after they 've been granted typically runs between $ 3 million to $ 6 million , according to Bijal Vakil , partner in White & Case 's intellectual property team in Palo Alto , Calif .
" Once you have a patent , you also have to go out and defend your own turf , " said Henry Nothhaft , chief executive of Tessera , a San Jose , Calif . - based company that licenses its electronic miniaturization technologies to consumer electronics companies .
" That has become more expensive lately due to the complexity of technology and globalization of economy , and it has caused some products not to come to market . "
It could also become disruptive to American businesses down the road as filings from abroad pick up .
" We are in a dire economic situation , so its not unreasonable for businesses to have to cut their budgets , " said Vakil .
" But this trend could spell financial ruin for some U.S. companies .
We 've lost our competitive edge , and other companies from other countries stand to benefit . "
If that trend continues , it could also spell trouble for the American worker , especially given the weak U.S. labor situation .
The Obama administration has contended that the economic rebound will rely on innovative U.S. companies to hire workers to develop new technologies and ideas like clean energy and smart transit systems .
" Our top priority is to see jobs get created , and we need patents to get through the patent office to help create those jobs , " Kappos said .
The system is broken
Pushing patents through the system is easier said than done :
The decline in filings this year has brought to light a number of problems with the antiquated American patent system .
The Patent Office does not receive any taxpayer money .
It is completely funded by fees levied on patent filing , processing and awarding .
The Patent Office also has n't changed its fee structure in decades , so it continues to charge a flat rate ( roughly $ 1,000 ) for patent applications , regardless of the idea 's complexity or the amount of work that needs to go into processing the patent .
As filings have dropped off , so too has the Patent Office 's revenue , which sank by $ 200 million in 2009 .
As a result , the Patent Office has initiated a hiring freeze , stopped all overtime , cancelled a necessary IT upgrade and has lost between 40 and 50 patent examiners every month this year , said Kappos .
That means longer wait times for patent approvals and a growing backlog of filings .
Currently , there are 740,000 patents pending , with an average wait time for approval of 40 months .
The Patent Office is n't even able to look at applications for three years because of the backlog .
That 's an eternity for tech inventions , which tend to cycle through product generations in a year or so .
Ultimately , it creates a vicious cycle , since a large lag time only further discourages patent filers .
" People are looking at the system as it is now , and they 're saying that waiting 40 months for a patent may not be worth it , " said David DiMartino , spokesman for the Coalition for Patent Fairness , a group representing major Silicon Valley companies ' desires for patent reform .
Another discouraging trend has been the rise in patent disputes .
By June , there were already 15 % more " post - grant " patent reviews filed by competitors to the filing company than there were in all of 2008 .
Those cases are expensive to defend , and are sometimes used by large companies to delay smaller companies ' technologies from coming to market or to prevent them from being released at all , according to Brian Pomper , executive director of the Innovation Alliance , a coalition of mostly small high tech companies in support of strong intellectual property rights .
As a result , the Patent Office , lawyers and companies alike are clamoring for patent reform .
Bills in the House and Senate , which are on schedule to be passed in the spring , would give the Patent Office the authority to adjust its patent fee structure and give juries direction on setting awards for patent disputes , among other reforms .
Some advocates argue that the bills are far from perfect , particularly because they could make it easier for big companies to repeatedly bring smaller innovators to court .
But for the most part , businesses and government officials are eager for Congress to act .
" The American innovative spirit is stronger than ever .
If we 're able to get patent reform through , we absolutely can take processing times way down and get innovations through to the marketplace , " said Kappos , who estimates that legislation will help reduce the average wait time to as little as one year .
LATEST ARTICLES
What Straightener Plate Size Is Best for My Hair ?
JohnBarnes -
The ideal flat iron may provide you directly , sophisticated locks using a luxuriously glistening shine .
Like most of heated styling tools , even however , flat irons pose an unfortunate problem : how the heated plates may dry your hair , making damage ...
Fine Dining With a Wicker Dining Table JohnBarnes -
Enjoy your meals in your dining room or in your covered patio with a dining collection as well as a wicker dining table .
You would certainly be eating comfortably as well as design with a great wicker dining table ...
Custom - Made Holiday Thanksgiving Cards with Mixbook JohnBarnes -
To many , Christmas is not only a time to show love but be thankful for all the good things that happened during the past year .
This year , show your gratitude with some printable ...
Plus Size Clothes That Look Great JohnBarnes - Dress Barn Outfit Barn brings plus - size clothing in sizes 14 to 24 at sensible prices .
The selection includes job wide - leg trousers and other styles , sleepwear , slim pants , and plus - size tops ....
What is a virtual event ?
JohnBarnes - Throughout our very first conversations with customers we are often asked ' what is a online event ?
how does it work ? '.
Although organisations are ending up being a lot more familiar with virtual events , ...
Learn to Create Stylish Wedding Invitations JohnBarnes - Wedding Invitations serve in welcoming the guests to a wedding event .
A wonderfully made invite stands out of the visitors .
It likewise acts as a heritage in the years to find .
Enhancing a ...
Finding the Secret to Korean Fashion … In Your Own Closet JohnBarnes -
Have you ever thought of dressing more like a Korean artist or actress you saw on TV , but do not know how to ?
Well , continue reading and you will find out just how ...
Top 5 Tips On How To Market Your Brand on TikTok JohnBarnes - Since its launch , the TikTok program 's appeal has revealed substantial development .
Back in October 2018 , it had actually been the most - downloaded picture and also Video program in the Apple store , internationally .
The program 's statistics will most likely blow your brain ....
What Makes Moissanite Engagement Rings Great ?
JohnBarnes - Moissanite is an element uncovered around a hundred years back .
It is in fact based upon a meteor that Henri Moissan found in 1893 .
Since then , scientists have established a approach to artificially manufacture it ....
5 Different Cake Themes Involving Bobbleheads JohnBarnes - Bobbleheads have become remarkably popular in the US .
Perhaps one of the reasons why bobbleheads are so popular these days is that there is an option to personalize or customize your own .
Not only can you ...
When Nintendo's
Wii game console debuted in November 2006 , its motion - sensing handheld " Wiimotes " got players off the couch and onto their feet .
Now Microsoft is trying to outdo its competitor by eliminating the controller altogether :
It has revealed details of how it developed Project Natal , which gives Xbox 360 players the ability to manipulate on - screen characters via natural body movements .
The machine - learning technology will enable players to do things such as kick a digital soccer ball or swat a handball in their living rooms simply by mimicking the motion .
" Instead of a controller , your body becomes the game input , " says Alex Kipman , Microsoft 's director of incubation for Xbox 360 .
Microsoft introduced its ambitious Xbox upgrade in June 2009 and expects to ship the technology in time for the year - end 2010 holiday season .
Natal will consist of a depth sensor that uses infrared signals to create a digital 3 - D model of a player 's body as it moves , a video camera that can pick up fine details such as facial expressions , and a microphone that can identify and locate individual voices .
Programming a game system to discern the human body 's almost limitless combinations of joint positions is a fearsome computational problem .
" Every single motion of the body is an input , so you 'd need to program near infinite reactions to actions , " Kipman says .
Instead of trying to preprogram actions , Microsoft decided to teach its gaming technology to recognize gestures in real time just like a human does : by extrapolating from experience .
Jamie Shotton , a researcher at Microsoft Research Cambridge in England , devised a machine learning algorithm for that purpose .
It also recognizes poses and renders them in the game space on - screen at 30 frames per second , a rate that conveys smooth movement .
Essentially , Natal - enhanced Xboxes will do motion capture on the fly , without the need for the mirror - studded spandex suit of conventional motion - capture approaches .
Training Natal for this task required Microsoft to amass a large amount of biometric data .
The firm sent observers to homes around the globe , where they videotaped basic motions such as turning a steering wheel or catching a ball , Kipman says .
Microsoft researchers later laboriously selected key frames within this footage and marked each joint on each person 's body .
Kipman and his team also went into a Hollywood motion - capture studio to gather data on more acrobatic movements .
" During training , we need to provide the algorithm with two things : realistic - looking images that are synthesized and , for each pixel , the corresponding part of the body , " Shotton says .
The algorithm processes the data and changes the values of different elements to achieve the best performance .
To keep the amount of data manageable , the team needed to figure out which elements were most relevant for training .
For example , the system does n't need to recognize the entire body mass , but only the spacing of skeletal joints .
After whittling down the data to the essential motions , the researchers mapped each unique pose to 12 models representing different ages , genders and body types .
The end result was a huge database consisting of frames of video with people 's joints marked .
Twenty percent of the data was used to train the system 's brain to recognize movements .
Engineers kept the rest in a " ground truth " database used to test the Natal 's accuracy .
Choosing the best algorithm and sifting out the essential data are central to the art of machine learning .
To test Natal 's ability to recognize poses , engineers show it an image from the ground truth and then generate a digital pixel map in which the greater the computer 's certainty is of a pixel being correctly placed on the body , the brighter the pixel is .
Engineers test hypotheses about how to improve the performance , trying to fine - tune weak areas without regressing strong ones .
The more accurately the system can recognize gestures , the more fun it will be to play the game .
Of course , Microsoft is not the only gaming company exploring gestural interfaces .
Rival console - maker Sony in May demonstrated a prototype Interactive Communication Unit ( ICU ) with stereo video cameras and depth sensors at the Vision 2009 trade fair in Stuttgart , Germany , according to New Scientist .
Sony developed ICU with the help of Atracsys , LLC , a Swiss firm that specializes in optical - tracking technology .
Although Sony makes the popular PlayStation game console , the company says it is planning to promote its new technology only within the advertising industry rather than in the gaming market at this time .
Rival Nintendo has not revealed any plans to allow its
Wii system to function without the need for Wiimote .
Still , the controller should not disappear altogether , says Hiroshi Ishii , head of the Tangible Media Group at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology Media Lab .
" I 'm a strong believer of having something tangible in your hand , " he says .
Wiimote devices , moreover , provide haptic feedback , such as vibration or resistance that makes the action more realistic .
Even for activities like Natal 's soccerlike Ricochet game demo , he points out , a player might miss the simulated feeling of connecting with a physical object that a controller provides .
But Peter Molyneux , creative director of Microsoft Game Studios Europe , looks forward to a new breed of computer entertainment , because eliminating game controllers opens up more creative possibilities .
" Natal is forcing me as a designer to think of this as a relationship between the player and a piece of technology , " he says .
" We 're trying to make something that feels as if it 's alive . "
NASHVILLE , Tenn. , Feb. 4 , 2010  --
The opening - night speaker at first ever National Tea Party Convention ripped into President Obama , Sen. John McCain and " the cult of multiculturalism , " asserting that Obama was elected because " we do not have a civics , literacy test before people can vote in this country . "
The speaker , former Rep. Tom Tancredo , R - Colo. , told about 600 delegates in a Nashville , Tenn. , ballroom that in the 2008 election , America " put a committed socialist ideologue in the White House ... Barack Hussein Obama . "
Tancredo did not stop at the Democratic president -- ripping McCain , R - Ariz. , the 2008 Republican presidential nominee , for shaping up to be a repeat of " Bush 1 and Bush 2 . "
" Thank God John McCain lost the election , " he said , voicing his belief that McCain would have presided over big budgets and lacked a tough stand against immigration .
Tancredo served 10 years in the House of Representatives and made a name for himself with his ardent opposition to immigration .
He believes the 2008 election served to galvanize the right .
" This is our country , " he told the crowd .
" Let 's take it back . "
Tancredo's speech received enthusiastic applause at times , but the crowd did not fill the large ballroom at the Gaylord Opryland Hotel and Convention Center .
Rancor Among Tea Party Factions ?
As opponents of big government converged on what has been billed as the first national tea party convention , organizers hoped the event would further " galvanize " the populist movement and help it gather momentum after a string of recent conservative electoral victories .
But some wondered what gave organizers the right to hold the event in the first place , never mind to charge hundreds of dollars for admission .
" Nobody really is entitled to stand up and say , ' This is the National Tea Party anything , ' " conservative blogger Dan Riehl said of the three - day convention being put on by a Nashville - based defense attorney , Judson Phillips , and his wife .
Phillips told ABC
News that he put the convention together to try to harness the political power of the tea party movement , which helped fuel rallies and marches last summer , and helped mobilize support for Scott Brown last month in Massachusetts .
Organizers said some 600 attendees have paid $ 549 for access to two full days of events that culminate Saturday evening in a keynote speech by former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin at a banquet that reportedly will feature a lobster - and - steak dinner .
While the convention itself is sold out , tickets to the banquet only were still on sale late Wednesday for $ 349 .
So far , organizers said , more than 500 banquet - only tickets have been sold .
The high price of entry to an event that celebrates grass roots , open - air activism has offended many in the Tea Party tent .
In fact , some tea party factions are furious .
" When somebody steps up and says their purpose in putting on a convention like this is to make a profit , that 's really the antithesis of a grass roots movement , " said Mark Meckler , of the Tea Party Patriots faction .
In a mid-January post on his blog , " Riehl World View , " Riehl questioned whether Phillips " wants to be a tea party millionaire . "
" [ Tea party activists ] generally are not the type of people who would gravitate to some very expensive hotel to dine on lobster and steak and listen to someone speak , " Riehl said in an interview Wednesday .
Convention spokesman Mark Skoda acknowledged Wednesday that Phillips and his wife , Sherry Phillips , founders of the for - profit Tea Party Nation Inc. , will " make a few bucks " on the event .
But Skoda questioned why that should be anyone 's concern .
" Have we gone so far in the Obama - socialist view of the nation that ' profit ' is a bad word -- in particular , if we 're using it to advance the conservative cause ? "
Skoda asked .
The convention plans to feature a lecture called , " Correlations Between the Current Administration and Marxist dictators in Latin America . "
Who Owns This Weekend 's The Tea Party Convention ?
The spokesman said the proceeds would be used to fund upcoming Tea Party nation events .
Politico reported last month that the former Alaska governor would receive as much as $ 100,000 to address the convention .
But Palin wrote in a USA Today op - ed article Wednesday that she would " not benefit financially " from the event , pledging to throw any compensation she would receive " right back to the cause . "
As she no longer serves in office , Palin is free to accept the speaking fee without encountering any legal issues .
But two sitting members of congress , Rep. Michelle Bachman R- Minn. , and Rep. Marsha Blackburn R- Tenn. , pulled out of the event late last month citing concern over House ethics rules .
While initially restricting access to the convention to a select number of news organizations , like Fox News , the Wall Street Journal and World Net Daily , organizers announced this week that Palin 's speech would be aired on cable and the Internet , allowing a broader audience to hear the former governor 's address .
" We will have transparency that , frankly , is surprising to many people , " Skoda said .
Palin addressed the controversy surrounding the convention in her USA Today piece .
" As with all grass roots efforts , the nature of this movement means that sometimes the debates are loud and the organization is messier than that of a polished , controlled machine , " she wrote , saying she " thought long and hard about my participation , " before deciding to honor her commitment to attend .
Ahead of Palin 's speech , several breakout sessions are planned for Friday , under titles such as " Technology in the Tea Party Movement , " " Defeating Liberalism Via the Primary Process " and " Why Christians Must Engage . "
" This convention is a way to galvanize the conservative movement in a way that the general rallies do not , " Skoda said .
" We have seen a maturing of the movement to the point of moving protests into activism .
And that activism is starting to drive results in elections . "
On Saturday morning , Skoda will take part in a panel discussion entitled , " Where the Tea Party Movement Goes From Here . "
That title poses a good question .
Despite the fact that the Phillipses are hosting an event that nominally claims to be " the " national Tea Party convention , there is still no national organization , nor any head of the movement .
It claims to have several founders .
Dale Robertson , for instance , said he 's been leading the Tea Party effort " longer than anybody else , " having created the Web site teaparty .org a year before the first anti-stimulus Tea Parties began in 2009 .
Still , he does n't begrudge the Phillipses for claiming that his Nashville event is a national affair .
" I mean , a name is just a name .
It 's just a marketing thing , " Robertson said Wednesday from his home in East Texas .
The out - of - work engineer wo n't be attending the convention this weekend .
He said he simply can't make the trip , but he will be there in spirit .
Robertson does , however , have a major problem with the keynote speaker .
" She has n't been a part of this movement at all and she does n't seem to be suffering at all , " he said , " as [ have ] many of these patriots who 've been donating their time , their money and their resources . "
To Palin 's claim that she 'll be returning any money she receives " to the cause , " the founder of teaparty.org , who eschews the political establishment , scoffed .
" But she 's giving money back to the machine , right ? " he asked .
" Republicans . "
Delegate : ' We 're Sick of Everyone '
While the political make - up of the convention is nearly universally conservative , there was some ire for both parties .
Delegate William Temple from Georgia , who was dressed in a kilt , said he wanted to work against " Republicans , Democrats and Independents who have been in Congress too many terms . "
" We 're sick of everyone , " he said .
However , when pressed , Temple said he could not ever remember voting for a Democrat .
Jim and Julie Dam drove five hours from Indianapolis to be at the convention .
They said their biggest fear is the spending that comes out of Washington .
But they said they wanted to work within the Republican Party to reach their aims .
" I 'm not interested in a third party , " Julie Dam said .
" My husband is n't either . "
" We want conservative Republicans , " Jim Dam said .
ABC News ' Andy Fies contributed to this report .
You can actually play MAG now , most of the time I ’d say , but it can be a harsh - ass motherfucking mistress .
The vaunted 256 player modes are n’t available to new players - you could be forgiven for thinking that 256 was a kind of default , since the title and these mystic numerals have been made inextricable , but there you have it .
The level requirement for entry into such realms is 10 , which I have n’t yet secured .
I estimate that it would take most people perhaps three , three and a half hours to get there , “ there ” being the game they thought it was to begin with .
Trust me , though : you need that time to marinate in the game ’s mechanics .
You need time to have that one game - as I did last night - where everything comes together , so that you can get a sense of an optimal round ’s overall shape .
With Squad Leaders who give a shit , who offer themselves up in service , broadcasting the tangible benefits of their experience to those nearby .
Squads with real plans , solid communication , and blended expertise .
The scale is often remarkable , even in the sixty - four player scraps I ’m in now , and concessions are being made to it : the gunplay does n’t feel especially immediate , or visceral .
Maybe it can’t .
You have a round like that , though , and it becomes a game you can see yourself playing for awhile .
The game ’s leader roles are level locked as well , and rightly so .
I think that might be a good spot for me .
I suspect everybody feels like that - feels they ’ve always been “ management material ” and “ boy , if I was running this place . ”
But in my case , it ’s because I ’m marginally less useless as middle management than I am as a frontline combatant .
I had to find a role that felt right to me in the space , which required that I reach level 5 : as a field medic , with the ability to both heal and resuscitate .
I ’ve been in the top three for my squad every round since I put that together , because the experience rewards for doing so - for playing in the way that feels most natural to me - are substantial , and satisfying .
I ’d still be playing tonight , and not writing my post , if the server had n’t shit the bed .
When I was talking about Expansions for Dragon Age , or indeed any modern RPG , this is the kind of thing I had in mind .
I like that “ morsels ” of the kind so frequently offered are possible , but I ’d never purchase one after I ’d completed the game ( see : The Sanctity of Personal Narrative ) .
The pre-DLC model , epitomized by products like Bioware ’s own Throne of Baal ( or Bethesda ’s Bloodmoon ) made robust offerings a necessity : you were buying a disc , by God !
We have expectations regarding discs .
But Oblivion in general followed a hybrid model , with miniature offerings available digitally , slowly increasing in scope , capped by the full Shivering Isles expansion which was available both digitally and as a retail proposition .
I ’m glad we ended up back there .
In any case , Dragon Age : Awakening seems explicitly designed according to my desires in many respects , and features an ultimate villain who speaks words with his mouth , who has lines and is a character , which will be a nice change of pace for the franchise .
( CW ) TB out .
fold thy pinions light
Why is that beautiful women always advertise the cars ?
Solar Power in California
When it comes to dollars saved for every dollar spent , California is the best place in the country to go solar .
The state has just the right mix of factors that make solar work for the average home : lots of sun , high electricity prices , great support from state government , and plenty of options for solar panel financing .
The good news does n't stop there .
The most populated areas of the state enjoy a temperate climate , meaning Californians do n't use a ton of energy to heat and cool their homes .
That means you can install a smaller solar panel system , which will generate more electricity than it would in a cloudier place .
You probably have neighbors and friends who have gone solar and are already saving hundreds of dollars per year on their electric bill .
You can save money with solar power in California , too !
If you go solar in California in 2020 , you 'll be signed up for " Net Energy Metering 2.0 " , aka NEM 2.0 , a 20 - year contract from your utility company that defines how much they 'll pay you for your excess solar energy , and how much you 'll have to pay every month to maintain a 2 - way connection .
We get more in - depth on what NEM 2.0 means in our section on net metering , below .
Almonds , grapes , cotton , and apricots : all crops that California ’s Central Valley is famous for .
But three years of drought have taken their toll , and farmers have had to drill deeper wells and pump more groundwater to prevent their crops from wilting .
A recent survey by the U.S. Geological Survey shows that in California 's Tulare Basin , groundwater levels have dropped by as much as 50 feet ( 15 meters ) over those three years .
The water table is likely to take decades to recover .
Groundwater — the water stored in underground cracks and pores in rocks and soil — represents just 1.7 percent of Earth ’s total water , yet groundwater accounts for over 30 percent of all freshwater .
Almost all of the remaining freshwater is locked up in ice caps and glaciers , making groundwater the largest accessible source of freshwater .
As the global population grows , and climate change begins to take its toll , we could start to rely on groundwater even more , said Helen Bonsor , a hydrologist with the British Geological Survey .
" It is a more reliable resource and not as subject to seasonal and drought variations .
It could be seen as the gold reserve for water , " Bonsor said .
New Metrics
Traditionally groundwater reserves have been monitored using borehole measurements — recording the amount of water pumped from wells and the fluctuations in the water table .
Combining this with geological data , hydrologists are able to model the behavior of an aquifer and estimate how much water can be withdrawn .
However , borehole data has some serious limitations , said Sean Swenson from the National Center for Atmospheric Research ( NCAR ) in Boulder , Colorado .
" There can be considerable spatial variation in the subsurface , so any one well may not be representative of a large area , " Swenson said .
Now Swenson and his colleagues have started to overcome these limitations , using satellite data to fill some of the gaps .
In 2002 NASA and the German Research Institute for Aviation and Space Flight launched two satellites — together known as the Gravity Recovery and Climate Experiment ( GRACE ) — which measure changes in Earth 's gravity .
Large pockets of water and ice on Earth exert a stronger gravitational pull on the satellites than areas without water .
By studying maps of Earth 's gravitational field made with data from GRACE , scientists are able to monitor fluctuations in groundwater over time and highlight where aquifers are being depleted faster than replenished .
" Up till now there has been no way of measuring seasonal water mass variations on such a wide scale or in real time , " said Bonsor of the British Geological Survey .
One area of the world where the satellites reveal that groundwater is dropping extremely rapidly is northern India .
Using GRACE data , Virendra Tiwari from the National Geophysical Research Institute in Hyderabad and his colleagues calculated groundwater loss between 2002 and 2008 .
An average of 13 cubic miles ( 54 cubic kilometers ) — enough to fill more than 21 million Olympic swimming pools — was lost every year .
John Wahr , of the University of Colorado at Boulder , a member of the study team , said 600 million people live in the region and rely on the groundwater .
" Most of the groundwater , by far , is used for agriculture .
But of course as that groundwater gets used up , it impacts all users , " he said .
Hydrologists have observed falling water tables in the region for years , but the satellite data has helped give a more comprehensive picture .
Furthermore , the satellite measurements have helped flag a worrying side effect of excessive groundwater extraction .
Eventually most of the extracted water runs into the oceans , Wahr explained .
" We know it either gets carried to the sea through the large rivers draining the region or evaporates into the atmosphere and eventually rains out somewhere else , " Wahr said .
The scientists calculate that this large volume of water could be pushing up global sea levels by as much as 0.006 inch ( 0.16 millimeters ) each year .
That 's 5 percent of total sea level rise .
However , some scientists are concerned about the reliability of these estimates .
Richard Taylor , a hydrologist at University College London , believes Tiwari and his colleagues may have overestimated the groundwater depletion in northern India , due to a lack of ground - based observations with which to compare the satellite data .
" Satellite data alone are insufficient and can give erroneous results , " Taylor said .
Nonetheless Taylor still believes GRACE has an important role to play .
" Land - based monitoring is difficult and expensive .
GRACE does n’t replace the need for this monitoring but is an immensely useful tool for integrating borehole observations and detecting regional - scale changes in water resources , " he said .
Back in North America ...
Back in the North America , GRACE is enabling scientists to monitor aquifers and understand the impact of water pumping and various land - use activities .
Jay Famiglietti , a member of the GRACE science team based at the University of California , Irvine , has been using GRACE data to monitor the state 's groundwater fluctuations .
" Our results are providing new information on the declining water levels in the Central Valley , where one quarter of the food consumed in the United States is grown , " Famiglietti said .
" Our studies are revealing rapid depletion rates over the last six years that could ultimately put food production in the region at risk . "
If California does decide to regulate groundwater use , GRACE could prove invaluable in helping authorities to police it , according to experts .
However , GRACE will only be able to do this if its satellites remain in the sky .
Already the satellites have passed the five - year lifetime of the planned mission , and a follow - up mission is not planned for at least ten years .
" GRACE could remain up for three to four more years , but it could fail at any time .
Unless a gap - filling mission is launched , the scientific community will lose the long - term data , which is needed to separate these long - term trends from year - to - year variability , " NCAR 's Swenson said .
We 've heard previously about Nokia 's Maemo 5 - powered flagship smartphone the N900 running emulators up a treat , and it seems the homebrew community has been delving deeper into old code for some great classic games .
A video has appeared over on MyNokiaBlog showing the classic Blizzard games Warcraft II and Starcraft playing a treat on Nokia 's new handset , though obviously certain legal boundaries have presumably been crossed in order for them to do so .
The original Blizzard games came out in 1996 and 1998 respectively , and were immensely popular RTS precursors to the MMORPG World of Warcraft that the developer is now famous for .
Quite how Blizzard might feel about this particular line of emulation I would n't like to say ( certainly Blizzard is a friend to the modder , though emulation is a different game ) , but this looks like a damn fine port considering the mouse controls have been replaced with touchscreen input .
Check out the vid below ( and thanks to Will for the tip ) .
But rather than having us giggling at a tribble or worrying over the safety of the children when a T. rex attacks , Mr. Cameron somehow has the audience seeing organisms in the tropical - forest - gone- mad of the planet Pandora just the way a biologist sees them .
With each glance , we are reminded of organisms we already know , while marveling over the new and trying quickly to put this novelty into some kind of sensible place in the mind .
It is a mental tickle , and wonderful confusion sparks the thought , “ Oh , that looks like a horse , but wait , it has six legs and it ’s blue , and whoa , that looks like a jellyfish but it ’s floating in the air and glowing . ”
The clues that we are “ not in Kansas anymore , ” as we are told early on , can be seen in every aspect of the life of Pandora .
If there is one color that is most decidedly not a classic Earth tone , one that is least associated with living things , it might just be neon blue .
And so many things on Pandora , like the Pterodactyl - like ikran and the deerlike yerik , are a staring , screaming blue .
Another thing we do not expect from most living things is light .
Yet on Pandora , life glows everywhere in the night , including the long , pulsating white Spanish - moss - like strands elegantly dangling off tree branches and the brightly glowing green and purple ferns .
And touching closest to home , Mr. Cameron has put a version of ourselves on Pandora , the Na’vi people , with whom he uses every trick .
For they are blue , they have bioluminescing spots on their faces and they display the other of Pandora organisms ’ stunning quirks : they are huge , at 10 feet tall .
To so strongly experience these kinds of wonderfully shocking similarities and dissimilarities among living things is the kind of experience that has largely been the prerogative of biologists  especially those known as taxonomists , who spend their days ordering and naming the living things on Earth .
But now , thanks to Mr. Cameron , the entire world is not only experiencing this but also reveling in it .
Image ALIEN
Even the sky and the moss hanging from trees seem alive in a scene from “ Avatar , ” directed by James Cameron .
Credit ...
WETA
What is sort of funny for me is that I spent much of the last six years working on a book about exactly this , about how inside of all humans there is a deep desire and ability to really see life , to see order among living things , and about the joy that comes with it .
So at the end of “ Naming Nature ” ( W. W. Norton , 2009 ) , I make a plea to readers to go out into the world and see the life and find the order in the living world around them .
I may have to amend the paperback to suggest , or you may want to begin by , heading into a darkened room to see “ Avatar ” and have your mind blown .
Although the 2001 campaign drew a large level of support , with more people listing themselves as Jedis than Sikhs , the Office For National Statistics pointed out at the time that this did not make it an official religion .
In fact , Jedis were actually counted under the category of '' no religion ' ' .
WASHINGTON --
The Obama administration is aiming to hit banks with a fee to recoup losses associated with the government 's bailout of financial firms and the auto industry , administration officials say .
The White House hopes the fee will soothe the public 's anger at financial firms .
Most big banks that received public funds have repaid the government , but the industry is seen by many as having survived thanks to taxpayer support , and is now enjoying a profit rebound as the economy struggles .
This month , many large banks will resume paying big bonuses to employees .
Much remains uncertain about how such a fee would work .
The administration is wrestling with who should pay , when it should be implemented and what would happen if banks pay more than the government - bailout program ultimately loses .
Auto makers are n't currently targets of the fee idea .
Even though the proposal is still under discussion , it is expected to be included in the White House 's budget , due next month , if only conceptually .
It 's expected to cost large banks billions of dollars and could also affect bank customers if firms pass along the cost .
One option under consideration involves placing a fee on a bank 's liabilities , a number that theoretically represents the amount of risk a bank takes on , according to officials familiar with the matter .
That approach would also have the effect of tamping down banks ' risky behavior , another administration goal .
Another option would be to target bank profits , these people said .
BNP set to sign first non-white member ( he 's an anti-Islamic Sikh who once gave a character reference for Nick Griffin )
An elderly Sikh who blames Muslims for the death of his father is set to become the British National Party 's first non-white member .
Rajinder Singh , an anti-Islamic activist who describes the religion as a ' beast ' , has lent his support to the far - right party for the last decade even though he currently remains barred from joining because of the colour of his skin .
But he will soon be able to sign up as a fully - fledged BNP member after the party last weekend began the process of changing its constitution so its membership rules do not discriminate on the grounds of race or religion .
Scroll down for video
[ caption ]
Mr Singh once provided a character reference for Nick Griffin during his racial hatred trial .
He said he would be ' honoured ' to join the party .
However in the video posted at the bottom of this page , Mr Griffin suggests paying Sikhs to return to India .
He said : ' Lots of Sikhs would go home and West London would n't be so crowded at rush hour time .
Everybody 's happy .'
BNP spokesman John Walker said Mr Singh would be the ideal first non-white candidate to join the party .
He said : ' I suggested it myself - if we 're going to do this [ open up BNP membership to non-whites ] then Rajinder Singh would be a good person to sign up . '
' Mr Singh has been supportive of the party for years .
' He 's here [ in Britain ] not to throw his weight around , he 's here under our protection .
' He fully accepted our membership criteria .
He said " You have the right as a people to defend yourself in a ' manly ' fashion . " '
Mr Singh was born in Lahore , Pakistan , but fled communal tensions and came to Britain in 1967 .
The former teacher from Wellingborough , Northamptonshire , is openly anti-Muslim after his father was killed during the Partition of India in 1947 .
He has believed for the last decade that the BNP can be persuaded to accept Sikhs as British .
' I am a retired teacher , living a quiet life , ' he told The Independent .
' I got in touch with the BNP on certain core policies that appeal to me .
' I also admire them since they are on their own patch and do not wish to let anyone else oust them from the land of their ancestors . '
" I come from partitioned Punjab that saw a lot of bloodshed in 1947 , ' he added .
' Anyone escaping that genocide would pray to God , say never again and vote for BNP . '
Mainstream
Sikh groups said they were appalled by Mr Singh 's involvement with the BNP .
Dr Indarjit Singh , director of the Network of Sikh Organisations , said : ' Sikhism stresses equality for all human beings .
' Therefore Sikhs who are true to their faith , will having nothing whatsoever to do with any party that favours any one section of the community . '
Martin Wingfield , the BNP 's communications and campaigns officer , is already preparing to welcome Mr Singh into the fold .
He wrote to members on the party 's website : ' I say adapt and survive and give the brave and loyal Rajinder Singh the honour of becoming the first ethnic minority member of the BNP . '
In December 2001 Mr Singh and another Sikh from Slough who goes under the name of Ammo Singh announced their intention to set up an Asian Friends of the BNP group to act as a supporting body and conduit for funds for people sympathetic to the party 's anti-Islamic stance .
The party had little success and was widely condemned by Sikh and Hindu groups .
Nick Griffin offers his views on Sikhs :
Recently I have been doing a lot of reading up on article spinning .
There have been some requests for it on my job and though I have n't taken any curiosity got the better of me and I decided to look into what it is all about .
Not being as computer savvy as many people in the business I was therefore a little surprised to discover that spinning is taking an article and changing adjectives and sentence structure to make the article appear to be original .
Someone who is good at spinning can take an article directly off the net and without adding any new content , can make an almost an entirely new article from the someone elses work .
There are actually two types of spinning .
One is manual where you do the exchange of sentence structure and adjectives yourself , line by line paragraph by paragraph .
The second is automatic or jet spinning where there is an article already written with choices of adjectives supplied and you simply pick the adjectives you want to use .
Spinning is used to increase your views from different sites .
Search engines require than an article have a certain percentage of originally to be picked up by them .
So , if you want to publish one article on various sites to increase your views and your income then spinning that article might pay off in terms of better SEO and therefore more views .
It can also allow you to publish virtually the same article on two websites that require you to have original content as the article you have spun appears to be original when run through copyscape or other websites that check for plagiarism .
At first , I thought that this could lead to many people virtually using others work and passing it off on their own which I thought was kind of dishonest .
However , after taking a couple of my own articles and having a go at spinning them I found that spinning requires a great deal of skill and is n't as easy as it appears .
For people who are not practiced in this art writing an entirely new article is much faster than trying to spin an old one .
However , spinning can be an asset for a writer wanting to get the most mileage out of their own work and so it might be wise for writers to learn to be proficient at this skill .
If nothing else it gives you practice in searching out adjectives that can enhance your overall writing .
The most difficult part of spinning an article is making it appear and sound new without changing the original meaning of the article .
This can be quite a feat to achieve .
While most of us will never use this method on a regular basis , practicing it can help improve various writing skills so it is a handy tool to put in our writing arsenal .
( For more Bill Murray , check out our 101 Reasons To Love Groundhog Day . )
Very few actors have enjoyed the career longevity of Bill Murray .
For four decades , the Saturday Night Live alum has been pumping out quality performances in a variety of films .
He launched an incredibly successful big screen career in 1979 with Meatballs and never looked back .
His ’ 80s resume includes such heavy hitters as Caddyshack , Stripes , Tootsie , Ghostbusters , Little Shop of Horrors and Scrooged .
Murray ’s choices since 1990 have been bold and disparate .
The willingness to accept smaller roles and edgier indie fare is what separates him from others of his standing .
Be it ribald comedies , eccentric satires or May - December romances , Murray has delivered some of his best work after he became a box office champ .
Add a glut of Best Actor awards and nominations , and Murray has managed to keep his career path ascending while others of his generation have all but disappeared .
To celebrate Groundhog Day , let ’s take a look at the best of Bill Murray since 1990 .
I ’m pretty sure Punxsutawney Phil will pop his head up somewhere on the list .
10 – Bunny Breckinridge – Ed Wood ( 1994 )
He stole every scene he was in playing the openly gay drag queen / B- movie star Bunny Breckinridge .
Kudos to Tim Burton for casting Murray , and Murray for taking the part and plastering himself in pasty white makeup .
He ’s creepy good fun .
9 – Frank Milo – Mad Dog and Glory ( 1993 )
If you ’re going to select someone to play a mob moss trying to make it as a stand - up comedian , the list of viable candidates should begin and end with Bill Murray .
Frank Milo owns this very underrated flick .
If you can go toe - to - toe with Robert De Niro , you have mad acting skills .
8 – Bob Wiley – What About Bob ? ( 1991 )
Bob Wiley is a manic ass who suffers from all matter of phobias and mental disorders .
He is without a doubt one of the most legitimately annoying characters I ’ve ever seen on film .
And yet Murray still makes him sympathetic .
Amazing .
7 – Raleigh St. Clair – The Royal Tenenbaums ( 2001 )
Murray ’s second of five collaborations with writer / director Wes Anderson is a limited , but memorable role .
St. Clair is a neurotic neurologist who conducts odd experiments on his youthful test subject , Dudley Heinsbergen .
Murray has never been more sedate .
6 – Steve Zissou – The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou ( 2004 )
This movie is one weird , wild ride .
Zissou is part Jacques Cousteau , part Captain Ahab , part John McClane .
His white whale is the elusive “ Jaguar Shark , ” a menacing creature responsible for consuming his best pal .
Murray reaches new levels of clever absurdity in this kick ass turn .
5 – Don Johnston – Broken Flowers ( 2005 )
The great Jim Jarmusch pegged Murray to play Johnston , a retired computer entrepreneur and former Lothario , who embarks on a journey to rediscover his past and search for his future .
A reserved and ambiguous protagonist , Johnston is a tough nut to crack .
Murray plays him very close to the vest .
4 – Herman Blume – Rushmore ( 1998 )
The Murray / Anderson union began with this offbeat love triangle .
Blume is a disillusioned sap stuck in a shit marriage with two douchebag sons .
His only friend is an ambitious and naive student .
The character of Blume marked a shift for Murray toward more dramatic and experimental roles , and he does n’t disappoint .
3 – Big Ern McCracken – Kingpin ( 1996 )
For laugh out loud hilarity , this could be Murray ’s masterpiece .
Big Ern is a slimy , arrogant jackass and the Michael Jordan of professional bowling .
Every damn line he utters is effing classic , as is the gaudy wardrobe and awful comb over .
2 – Bob Harris – Lost in Translation ( 2003 )
His most critically acclaimed role is also his most surprising .
He ’s tender , profound and of course , hilarious .
His ability to engage and charm Scarlett Johansson ’s character by identifying with her loneliness is revealing .
Whether you dig the film or not , you ca n’t help but be impressed by Murray ’s acting chops .
1 – Phil Connors – Groundhog Day ( 1993 )
I ’ll say it : one of the best comedies EVER .
Thanks in large to Murray ’s spin as a self - indulgent prick / TV weatherman who is forced to live the same day over and over .
He and the film both deserved Oscar nods , but the Academy thumbs their noses at movies that make us laugh .
Watching Murray nail every emotion in the spectrum is telling evidence of his many talents .
The head of the Congressional Oversight Panel created in 2008 to oversee the TARP bank bailout says that President Obama ’s proposal on Thursday to limit both the size of the major banks and the risks in which they can engage is “ very important . ”
Harvard law professor Elizabeth Warren told MSNBC ’s Rachel Maddow , “ I head him say , ‘ We ’re going to break apart ‘ too - big - to - fail , ’ and we ’re going to have an answer so that every financial institution , if it makes big enough mistakes , if it takes big enough risks and loses , every one of them can , in the end , die . ' ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ The financial institutions have pushed him hard , ” Warren said of the president .
“ They ’ve pushed Congress hard .
He ’s pushing right back . …
What I see is that the president is now going to go straight to the people , and he ’s not going to let deals be cut in the back room . …
The time is upon us .
Either you vote for the banks , and you do it in a big public way , or you vote for the people . ”
Warren emphasized that even though TARP is winding down , the bailout has left us with “ the reminder that ‘ You know , when it comes right down to it with these very large financial institutions , we will throw as many taxpayers under the bus as it takes to save them . ' ”
She insisted , however , that Obama ’s reform proposals amount to a statement that “ we just ca n’t afford to do that any more . ”
“ Without that , ” Warren remarked , “ quite frankly , our economy just ca n’t function .
Those big banks really will own all of us . ”
“ How are you feeling about the politics here ? ” Maddow asked , citing resistance from Wall Street .
“ I ’m a teacher , I ’m not a politician , ” Warren replied .
“ But I feel better than I ’ve felt in a long time . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
This video is from MSNBC’s The Rachel Maddow Show , broadcast Jan. 21 , 2010 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
I had the chance to chat with Minnesota Wild prospect , former Shattuck - St. Mary 's Sabre , current Omaha Lancer and future Minnesota Golden Gopher Erik Haula about life in the USHL , prepping for college , his game , his outlook on the next level , the Olympics and more .
For those who are n't familiar with Haula , he 's a 5 ' 11 " , 170 lb center from Poni , Finland .
Playing on Omaha 's top line , Haula has 15 goals and 29 assists for 44 points in 33 games thus far .
He 's a +20 and leads the team in power play assists with 17 .
Haula is n't your prototypical power forward , but instead uses his hands and excellent vision on the ice to create opportunities for his teammates .
He 's a bit undersized at 170 , but is working on adding weight and strength on the puck .
In the Wild prospect camp this past summer , Haula looked very good , and was clearly holding his own with the rest of the prospects , and you could definitely tell when he was on the ice .
Feel free to check out the complete audio of the Erik Haula Interview
Hockey Wilderness : I 'd like to talk to you a little bit about the USHL and college hockey and preparing for the NHL .
So what made you decide to spend a year in the USHL after Shattuck and before heading to the U of M ?
Erik Haula : Mostly I just wanted to step up a level after Shattuck and I thought the USHL was the best option for me and to get me ready for college .
So I thought that would be a good choice , and I think I made the right decision .
HW : It seems like you 're having a really good year down in Omaha , you and your other linemates there .
Last I saw you were either first or second in the league in scoring .
EH : Yeah , after the break our team has had a little bit of a struggle .
But every team has those moments , but I have a really good team and linemates , so it helps .
EH : Obviously there 's going to be a lot of competition for who 's going to be on the first and second line , but I hope I 'll be that guy who can be a guy the team can count on and who will be on the ice when there are tough situations .
I just have to work hard this summer and when I get to the University of Minnesota I have to keep working and we 'll see what happens .
: So , what are your plans next year heading to the U , playing for Don Lucia ?
What are your expectations ?
Are you looking to be a top one or two line guy and count really big into the scoring , or are you going to work your way into the lineup ?
HW : How would you define your game ?
Some of the sites , Hockey 's Future , etc. , are saying that you 've got great vision , great hands , are a little undersized , but use your quickness and your hands to the best of your ability .
Is that accurate , or are you looking to go into more of a sniper mode , or are you more of a pass first , shoot second kinda of guy ?
EH : I think I 've gotten better this year in scoring , but I think what you 've just said is pretty much correct .
I like to play with a high pace , a high tempo and I think I have pretty good vision on the ice .
I think I make a lot of plays when I 'm on the ice , just try to work hard .
I think that 's one of the strongest assets , and also I 'm working on getting bigger .
Like you said , I may be a little undersized , but obviously the years keep coming and I become stronger and more ready for the NHL .
HW : I noticed you last summer at the Wild prospect camp at the X .
Saw you were on a line with Alexander Fallstrom quite a bit and going back to Shattuck you have a good relationship with him .
Were you disappointed when he got traded for Chuck Kobasew to Boston ?
Were you hoping to play with him in the NHL ?
EH : Well obviously it would 've been a dream come true .
We were roommates at Shattuck and got real close and we 're really good friends .
But you know , these things happen , there 's nothing you can do about them .
I think he 's still in a good spot with Boston and I wish him all the best , and maybe we 'll play against each other , hopefully .
HW : Well , hopefully you take him out over there with Harvard when you come up with the Gophers .
EH : Yeah , that 's the plan .
HW : What did you learn in the USHL that you did n't experience at Shattuck ?
What 's been the major difference ?
EH : Hockey a bigger thing down here .
The Lancers have a great fanbase here , great support from the fans and the game is different than it was at Shattuck .
It 's more physical .
There are more expectations .
You can never have days off .
You get pretty good competition every night when you play .
You 've gotta keep your game going every night .
HW : What made you decide to go the USHL and college route rather than Major Juniors or playing at home in Finland ?
EH : I would say my family had a big impact on that .
I sat down with my family and my advisors and thought that I should have a school background and that 's how we came to the decision to go to college .
HW : So , what kind of player do you see yourself as , do you model yourself after somebody in the NHL ?
EH : I like to model myself to Valterri Flippula of the Detroit Red Wings .
HW : Does the fact that so many of your countrymen have been so successful here in Minnesota , does that help you at all along the way , thinking that you have a shot really breaking in here ?
EH : I do n't think that 's going to help in any way .
Obviously Mikko and those guys are doing well in Minnesota , but that does n't have anything to do with me .
I just have to make my way over to Minnesota .
It 's nothing they can have an impact on or anything .
It 's just how willing I am to work and get better every day , and do whatever it takes to make it with Minnesota .
HW : Sticking on the line with the nationality , in the Olympics , where do you stand ?
Do you think it should be NHL players ?
Do you think it should be an amateur game ?
What 's your feeling on the Olympics ?
EH : I think the Olympics is a great chance for the top players in the world to come together and play in a great tournament .
I do n't think the level goes higher than that .
I think you have all the best players in the world competing for one thing for their country and I think it 's awesome .
HW : If you could play any sport other than hockey , what would it be ?
EH : American football .
HW : Now , your dad coached American football or coaches American football in Finland , is that right ?
EH : Yeah , he coached American football .
HW : So what position would you be ?
EH : I would want to be a receiver or quarterback .
But obviously I do n't have the height to be receiver and neither the size to play quarterback , so I do n't know , I 'd probably be a safety or something but if I could , I 'd want to play quarterback .
HW : So who 's your favorite football team ?
EH : New England Patriots , but also the Minnesota Vikings .
HW : Interesting .
A guy who lived in Faribault , is going to play for the University of Minnesota , and is a prospect of the Wild , and he 's a Patriots fan .
EH : Yeah , how did that work ?
I do n't know .
Tom Brady is my favorite player , and has been for a long time .
But with the Vikings , I have a connection now that I 'm going to spend a lot of time in Minnesota so I 've gotta cheer for them too .
HW : So , as far as some of the things that have been going on in the NHL , and actually in hockey in general , hits to the head have been a big touching point .
The NCAA has a rule that penalizes any contact to the head .
Is that something that exists in the USHL , and should it exist in the Canadian Major Juniors and in the NHL ?
Kinda going back to the Andrew Ebbett shot from Ed Jovanovski earlier this season , then the Patrice Cormier hit earlier this week , what are your thoughts on that ?
EH : Well , I think hockey is a physical game , things happen , but obviously you have to take a look at those things .
There are clean checks where a player just gets unlucky and gets hurt , but then there 's also things you should n't be doing .
In the USHL there 's not a lot of that stuff , but if something like that usually every team has a fighter and tries to go as an enforcer at the guy .
That goes on a lot in the USHL .
In the NCAA , obviously you can't fight in the NCAA and I do n't think there 's a lot of that stuff going on in there .
Again in the NHL , like i said hockey 's a physical game and a things happen , but cheap shots and stupid hits like that , I think those should be taken away from hockey .
I think it kinda ruins the game a little bit .
HW : What are your plans for the future ?
Are you planning on spending two , three , four years with the Gophers before moving up ?
EH : Well , my plan is next year to go to Minnesota , and I have n't thought about anything else after that .
I 'm just going to try to keep improving my skills and then we 'll see how far that 'll take me .
HW : What did you learn from the prospect camp over the summer ?
EH : Mostly watching the guys who were really close to making it in the NHL .
Obviously there were some guys who already made it and kinda tried to watch them and try to see the things that they do and try to catch some things that could help me in the future .
Then mostly it was just a really fun time and got together with the other Minnesota Wild prospects and it was a really fun camp and I got a lot out of it .
HW : Well , thank you very much Erik , I really appreciate your time tonight .
I look forward to seeing you on the ice with the M next season and hopefully with the Wild shortly after .
EH : Yeah , I hope so too , and no problem Nathan , any time .
Thanks for reading , and tomorrow we 'll have my interview with Haula 's fellow Omaha Lancer and Wild prospect Anthony Hamburg .
PORT -AU - PRINCE ( Reuters ) - Haiti ’s voodoo priests are objecting to anonymous mass burials as an improper way to handle the tens of thousands of dead from the earthquake -- and have taken their complaint to President Rene Preval .
The body of a child lies amongst the rubble of a collapsed house in Port - au - Prince January 16 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Ana-Bianca Marin
Dumping the dead in hurriedly excavated mass graves without proper rites is seen as desecration in a country where many believe in zombies -- dead bodies brought back to life by supernatural forces who could persecute the living .
Haitian officials say so far at least 50,000 bodies have been dumped in mass graves outside the shattered capital , Port - au - Prince , in what they view as the most efficient way to dispose of the fast - rotting corpses from Tuesday ’s disaster .
“ It is not in our culture to bury people in such a fashion , ” Haiti ’s main voodoo leader , Max Beauvoir , said in a meeting with Preval .
Local radio is broadcasting messages for Haitians to put bodies recovered from under the rubble of collapsed buildings on the street for collection by garbage and other trucks .
“ The conditions in which bodies are being buried is not respecting the dignity of these people , ” Beauvoir , who was educated at City College of New York and the Sorbonne in Paris , said in the Preval meeting this weekend .
More than half of Haiti’s 9 million people are believed to practice voodoo , a religion with roots in Africa .
Some 80 percent also are Catholic and most Haitians see no conflict between the two .
Five days after the earthquake , scores of untouched corpses , now bloated and stinking , remain on streets .
Red Cross officials have repeatedly said no one should fear disease from dead bodies after the earthquake that is believed to have killed up to 200,000 people .
“ I do n’t understand why everyone is worried about a disease risk , ” Haitian Red Cross President Michaelle Amedee Gedeon told Reuters .
“ Do we have cholera in Haiti ?
No .
Do we have the plague in Haiti ?
No. Rodents , water will not get contaminated .
The only bad effect from the corpses is the smell . ”
On Sunday , more bodies appeared overnight , with locals saying they were thieves burned and shot by lynch - mobs , gangs and police .
They said about 20 people were killed like that .
Hearing the news that Susan Greenfield has lost her job at the Royal Institution threw me back 40 years to when she and I both went up to Oxford , to the same college and to read the same subject .
This was the tail - end of the hippy era , an age of wearing wild clothes , smoking cannabis and taking LSD , listening to Grateful Dead and Pink Floyd .
We got on well but were not close friends : we were so very different .
I was obsessed with investigating the paranormal and consciousness , and cared little for fame or career .
She was ambitious from the start .
In later years , we were often confused with each other ( two Susans talking about brains on TV ) , although I worked at the fringes of respectable scientific topics – out - of - body experiences , memes , consciousness – without grants and usually without a job – while she went for the big time .
In some ways , she made the big time .
She ended up as an Oxford professor , a baroness , a university chancellor , and director of the Royal Institution .
Yet she neither did any significant scientific research nor gained the respect of most scientists .
Indeed , in 2004 , Greenfield was involved in another stir when several fellows of the Royal Society threatened to resign if she was elected a fellow , saying that " her work is too insubstantial and that she is too interested in self - promotion " .
" Self promotion " is a common accusation .
I feel sorry for my old friend and colleague , but I can only conclude that she is , in both her successes and her failures , the architect of her own fate .
In her determination to get to the top , she may be an example of a woman having to fight even harder than a man to achieve such goals .
So she has proved not only that you can be both a woman in chic suits and a scientist , but also that a female scientist can be just as competitive and ambitious as any man .
But what bothers me , and other scientists , is that she does not seem much to value science itself .
The absolute heart of what it means to care about science is that you care about the evidence – that your opinions are based not on what you would like to be true but on what is found by research to be true .
Greenfield has , for instance , been vocal about the harms of drugs , the way they damage the brain and destroy lives .
She campaigned against the reclassification of cannabis to Grade C , making meaningless comparisons with alcohol ( such as that only 0.7 mg affects the brain whereas you need 2,000 mg of alcohol ) – meaningless because you smoke tiny amounts of one and drink large glasses of the other .
She scared people by claiming that cannabis changes who you are – but so does alcohol , so does falling in love , so does making scientific discoveries .
She claimed that cannabis damages living human brain cells based on evidence from lab studies on isolated rat neurons .
Worst of all , she ignored evidence on the actual harms of each drug , so painstakingly collected by Colin Blakemore , David Nutt and others .
These studies clearly showed cannabis to be less harmful than either tobacco or alcohol .
We need this reliable evidence to give truthful drugs education and to create a less damaging drugs policy , but such progress is set back by Greenfield 's evidence - free , high - profile pronouncements .
Then there are her dire warnings about the harms of playing computer games .
This story would be funny if it were not so serious .
I heard her speak last summer at the Cheltenham Science Festival , where the brochure described her " outspoken views .
Praised and criticised in equal measure " .
There she claimed that our brains could be physically damaged by playing too many computer games .
Ironically , she was simultaneously promoting her own commercial brand of brain - training device – " MindFit " – basically a simple computer game advertised as " based on scientific studies of the adaptability of the adult human brain " and " clinically proven to help you think faster , focus better and remember more " .
When I was recently asked to write about the evidence for brain - training games of this sort , I learned that there is no proper peer - reviewed evidence to suggest that any of them , including her own , actually improve brain function any more than playing Scrabble , chess or other computer games .
And to cap it all , there is now evidence that playing fast - moving , first - person perspective computer games improves reaction times and some measures of intelligence .
So she has been endorsing one unproven computer product while claiming that others do harm .
I applaud Susan for her dynamism and her many successes , but I wish she had behaved more like a real scientist .
Algunos estudiantes , varios de ellos con tapabocas , protestaban pero fueron retenidos por elementos de seguridad que resguardan la zona donde el presidente Calder�n encabezar� una reuni�n
La señora Luz Maria Dávila , madre de dos jóvenes masacrados en Juárez hace dos semanas , interrumpió al mandatario para hacerle un reclamo y dijo que no le podía dar la mano ni la bienvenida Cortesía : El Diario
Indicó que sería un error pensar que la sola presencia de las Fuerzas Federales solucione el problema de esta ciudad Raymundo Morales
El presidente Felipe Calderón afirmó que el Ejército no se retira y seguirá dando apoyo subsidiario a Ciudad Juárez Alfredo Guerrero
El presidente Felipe Calderón defendió al Ejército de las acusaciones por presuntas violaciones a los derechos humanos y aseguró que las fuerzas castrenses no se retirarán de Ciudad Juárez AP
Las inmediaciones del aeropuerto son resguardadas por los efectivos de las distintas instancias de seguridad EFE
Desde temprano , militares y policías federales , estatales y municipales recorren la ciudad , que además es sobrevolada por helicópteros de la Sedena Reuters
Algunos estudiantes se cubrían la boca , pero no eran necesario gritar para demostrarle a Calderón su rechazo Reuters
El general David Rivera Bretón , jefe de la policía local , dijo que los manifestantes obstruyeron el acceso al lugar Raymundo Morales / EL UNIVERSAL
Algunos manifestantes se resistieron y se tiraron al piso ; fueron arrastrados por policías , lo que avivó la confrontación AP
Activistas y estudiantes se enfrentaron afuera del inmueble donde Calderón encabezará una reunión con miembros de su gabinete y autoridades locales Raymundo Morales / EL UNIVERSAL
El presidente Felipe Calderón llegó a Ciudad Juárez , Chihuahua , para presentar un plan integral contra la delincuencia El Diario de Ciudad Juárez / Agencia EL UNIVERSAL
enfrentamientos Algunos estudiantes protestaban pero fueron retenidos por polic�as estatales , federales y personal militar .
( Foto : Raymundo Morales )
Ciudad Ju�rez | Jueves 11 de febrero de 2010
Jorge Ramos y Mario H�ctor Silva | El Universal
14:54
Seiko Automatic Watches
Practically everyone possesses a time piece of some kind .
There are genuinely tens of thousands of different models available on the market today .
Without watches the world would be a very different place .
Most are powered in a variety of ways .
Most commonly with a battery and a quartz timing mechanism , but also by solar ( for digital ) or manual wind .
The oldest type available is the ' automatic ' .
Automatic movements are not truly automatic in themselves .
The automatic actually means that they wind automatically when you move the watch , usually by moving your arm .
Although automatic movements are relatively old technology they are still in use today , even though in modern versions .
Good movements tend to be very precise and are used in some of the world 's most expensive and high quality models .
Here ’s Hayek in The Road to Serfdom :
There is no reason why in a society which has reached the general level of wealth which ours has attained the first kind of security [ that is , limited security ] should not be guaranteed to all without endangering general freedom … .
Nor is there any reason why the state should not assist the individuals in providing for those common hazards of life against which , because of their uncertainty , few individuals can make adequate provision .
Compare actual Hayek above to Bruce Bartlett ’s grossly false account of “ Hayek ” and his The Road to Serfdom :
In 1944 , the Austrian economist F.A. Hayek published an extraordinarily influential book , The Road to Serfdom .
In it , he argued that liberalism eventually leads to totalitarianism ; that is , once a nation has embarked on the creation of a welfare state , there is no natural limit to the size of government until it controls everything , socialism becomes pervasive and political freedom evaporates .
Bartlett quotes Jeffrey Sachs as his authority on this matter , but Bartlett must be aware of the many explodings of Sachs gross errors in this matter , such as William Easterly in the WSJ .
UPDATE : Is the Welfare State the new road to Serfdom ?
Richard Ebeling joins the debate .
BONUS LINK : Walter Block on Hayek and The Road to Serfdom .
Blog Archive July 2020 ( 3 ) June 2020 ( 1 ) May 2020 ( 1 ) April 2020 ( 4 ) March 2020 ( 8 ) February 2020 ( 14 ) January 2020 ( 15 ) December 2019 ( 10 ) November 2019 ( 6 ) September 2019 ( 6 ) August 2019 ( 7 ) July 2019 ( 3 ) June 2019 ( 2 ) May 2019 ( 5 ) April 2019 ( 7 ) March 2019 ( 3 ) February 2019 ( 11 ) January 2019 ( 8 ) December 2018 ( 6 ) November 2018 ( 5 ) October 2018 ( 4 ) September 2018 ( 3 ) August 2018 ( 9 ) July 2018 ( 1 ) June 2018 ( 2 ) March 2018 ( 2 ) February 2018 ( 3 ) December 2017 ( 1 ) August 2017 ( 3 ) July 2017 ( 1 ) June 2017 ( 1 ) April 2017 ( 1 ) February 2017 ( 3 ) January 2017 ( 8 ) December 2016 ( 2 ) November 2016 ( 4 ) October 2016 ( 6 ) September 2016 ( 4 ) August 2016 ( 6 ) July 2016 ( 14 ) June 2016 ( 12 ) May 2016 ( 9 ) April 2016 ( 12 ) March 2016 ( 5 ) February 2016 ( 2 ) January 2016 ( 5 ) December 2015 ( 2 ) August 2015 ( 2 ) July 2015 ( 2 ) March 2015 ( 1 ) November 2014 ( 1 ) September 2014 ( 1 ) August 2014 ( 4 ) July 2014 ( 3 ) June 2014 ( 2 ) May 2014 ( 3 ) April 2014 ( 3 ) March 2014 ( 3 ) February 2014 ( 3 ) January 2014 ( 12 ) December 2013 ( 1 ) November 2013 ( 3 ) October 2013 ( 1 ) September 2013 ( 3 ) August 2013 ( 4 ) May 2013 ( 2 ) April 2013 ( 1 ) March 2013 ( 6 ) February 2013 ( 2 ) November 2012 ( 1 ) October 2012 ( 4 ) September 2012 ( 6 ) August 2012 ( 2 ) October 2011 ( 4 ) June 2011 ( 3 ) May 2011 ( 4 ) April 2011 ( 9 ) March 2011 ( 6 ) February 2011 ( 12 ) January 2011 ( 3 ) December 2010 ( 12 ) November 2010 ( 12 ) October 2010 ( 21 ) September 2010 ( 15 ) August 2010 ( 8 ) July 2010 ( 2 ) June 2010 ( 11 ) May 2010 ( 14 ) April 2010 ( 14 ) March 2010 ( 18 ) February 2010 ( 15 ) January 2010 ( 29 ) December 2009 ( 20 ) November 2009 ( 18 ) October 2009 ( 16 ) September 2009 ( 21 ) August 2009 ( 10 ) January 2008 ( 2 ) November 2007 ( 6 )
This is a Call to Prayer !
When God intends to move , He calls us to prayer .
He is calling .
Let 's be …
See More
Advertisements
Familiarity with Palin Breeds Contempt , Fear and Alarm
Sarah Palin ’s much - anticipated debut on Fox News this week has not gone well .
From O’Reilly ’s condescension to Beck ’s mocking of her paranoia , this has been a rough roll out for the ambitious , yet ignorant , and paranoid Palin .
While Palin is a savvy person who can be quick and clever , her worldview is the size of a postage stamp and her mind has long since shuttered out any reality other than the small town she grew up in .
Advertisements
She ’s willfully ignorant , yes .
But not dumb .
Plenty of ignorant people skate by on TV .
Heavens , she can wear an ear prompter , get scripts in advance .
Masking ignorance is the great charade of TV and has given us many failed leaders ;
Bush ’s notorious ear prompters for “ spontaneous answers ” come to mind .
So , what ’s wrong with Sarah ?
She held plenty of decent ( not great ) interviews in Wasilla and Alaska .
She attacked the words on the teleprompter at the RNC with the fervor of a rabid dog , not to mention her experience filling in for her sports anchor colleague on the local Wasilla TV station .
But this Sarah has lost her moxie .
Is this ‘ The Other Sarah ” the McCain campaign references the “ Frightening , Dangerous , Mentally Limited ” side of Palin ?
We got our first glimpse of the Other Sarah during the Couric interview , when Palin froze and sneered at the same time .
Panic in the snow or something .
Last July , as we sat stunned watching Palin ’s breathy , near hysterical quitting speech in July of 2009 , it was easy to wonder if a threatening phone call from party leaders had n’t preceded Palin ’s still unexplained mid-term resignation , as it was accompanied by behavior suggesting a nervous breakdown was imminent .
You have to admit , that speech made you nervous .
You looked back on Nov 4 , 2008 with a flutter in your stomach for just a brief moment .
You had that tinge of outrage that they ran this person , but then you dismissed it .
It had nothing to do with you anymore .
You ’re safe .
She ’s in Alaska .
Or so you thought then .
Then came the summer of lies from Facebook and the constant discussion of her running in 2012 and suddenly you were n’t feeling so comfy .
Suddenly you started paying attention to her and she seemed a little off .
So , when Schmidt broke campaign omerta to reveal a chilling American Political Horror Story on 60 minutes this week , you were riveted .
He rolled out the perfect storm of a desperate party , an unplanned VP pick , and no time to vet .
And so it came to be that by the time the McCain camp slowly realized the adorable pitbull , the hockey mom with spunk , was not the only Sarah , it was too late .
And “ The Other Sarah ” terrified them .
With a chilling detachment , Schmidt tells Anderson Cooper that he received a call from Palin ’s debate prep team , saying the “ Debate will be debacle of historic and epic proportions … she was not focused , not engaged , not participating in prep .
She sat in a catatonic stupor , head down . ”
“ It was the Other Sarah who concerned them .
Eyes glazed , not responding to questions , head down … ” Staffers from all levels describe Palin as “ mentally unstable … Unwilling to work …
Mentally limited …
Ultimately , unfit for office . ”
Is this the Sarah we ’re seeing on Fox News ?
The Other Sarah who ca n’t even answer a question about who her favorite founding father is ?
The Sarah who sat googling frantically in Glenn Beck ’s greenroom after she saw his set ?
What ’s wrong with Sarah ?
The book , “ Game Change ” , written by John Heilemann of New York magazine and Mark Halperin of Time magazine , backs up the notion of “ The Other Sarah ” :
“ The morning of her ill - fated CBS interview with Katie Couric , Palin – “ her eyes glassy and dead ” – was unresponsive to attempts to prep her as she was being made up .
As they were about to set off to meet Couric , Palin announced ‘ I hate this makeup ’ – smearing it off her face , messing up her hair , complaining she looked fat . ”
They further report that Palin went into a tailspin .
She stopped eating or sleeping , and drank only a half a can of diet soda a day .
It was so bad , that “ terrified staffers ” contemplated asking McCain to have Palin step down .
Most certainly , they determined that if McCain won , they would urge the senator to drop Palin , as it was “ unfathomable ” and “ frightening ” to them that Palin would be VP .
Were it not for the familiarity of Schmidt ’s accusations , so eerily echoing those of Palin ’s past allies in Alaska , one could easily dismiss this as hard ball politics by a party well versed in selling its soul .
And were these accusations only brought up in the gossipy “ Game Change ” , we would be duty bound to ignore them when attempting to figure out just how unfit for office Sarah Palin really is .
But back in Alaska , cries from multiple Republicans calling Palin a “ sociopathic narcissist ” with unmanageable ethics problems double down on the description of Palin by Schmidt and the authors of “ Game Change ” .
It seems that once people meet The Other Sarah , they ’re immediately disenchanted , disturbed , horrified even .
This story took on a palpably sharper edge when we realize that Schmidt is warning us , at a probable cost to his own career .
When it comes to Palin , familiarity breeds contempt , fear and alarm .
This may be one reason why responsible , patriotic campaigns that sincerely love their country vet their selections before giving them the nod .
PARIS ( Reuters ) - France has canceled over half the flu vaccines it ordered to combat the H1N1 flu virus , Health Minister Roselyne Bachelot said on Monday , in an effort to head off criticism after reserving too many shots .
France ordered the vaccinations from Sanofi - Pasteur , a unit of Sanofi - Aventis , GlaxoSmithKline , Novartis and Baxter International .
The government estimated 94 million individual shots were needed , thinking that everyone would need two jabs for immunity against the illness .
Doctors now say a single vaccination is sufficient , meaning that France , with a population of some 65 million has a massive oversupply and is already trying to sell on some of the surplus shots it has received .
“ I have canceled 50 million doses , ” Bachelot said on TF1 television .
“ These orders had not been paid for or delivered so they are canceled , ” she added .
The Health Ministry said it had originally bought the 94 vaccines at a cost of 869 million euros .
Bachelot said the canceled order would save more than 350 million euros .
Opposition politicians have criticized the government , saying it has wasted money and helped drugs companies .
Socialist Party spokesman Benoit Hamon said large pharmaceutical firms were “ the big winners in this affair . ”
A Sanofi-Aventis spokesman said on Monday that the company and the government had started a review of a contract for 28 million vaccine doses before the Christmas holidays .
About half of the doses had been delivered he said but it was premature to comment on the implication of the canceled order for the company .
Some five million people in France have so far been vaccinated against H1N1 , health officials say .
The flu virus has killed an estimated 198 people on mainland France , according to data released on December 29 , but doctors have said new infections have fallen sharply in recent weeks .
The temple was filled with statues of Bastet , a once fearsome lion - headed goddess whose image changed over time to a domesticated cat
Archaeologists in Egypt have discovered a 2,000 - year - old temple in Alexandria dedicated to a cat goddess .
The temple is the first trace of the royal quarters of the Ptolemaic dynasty to be revealed in Alexandria .
The find confirms the Greek dynasty of Egyptians continued the worship of ancient animal deities .
Many more ruins of the ancient capital of Hellenistic Egypt lie preserved under the modern city , yet to be unearthed , archaeologists say .
The temple , discovered in the Kom el - Dekkah neighbourhood of the city , is believed to belong to Queen Berenike II , wife of Ptolemy III who ruled Egypt in the third century BC , Egypt 's Supreme Council of Antiquities has said .
Moon goddess
The Greek - speaking Ptolemaic dynasty ruled for almost 300 years , after the foundation of the city by Alexander the Great until Queen Cleopatra was ousted by the Romans .
The temple is the first part of the royal palace to be unearthed The temple is 60 m ( 200 ft ) high and 15 m ( 50 ft ) wide .
Archaeologists found statues of Bastet , worshipped by the Greek - speaking Egyptians as the moon goddess .
For thousands of years the Egyptian Pharaohs believed Bastet was a lion - headed goddess , a relative of the sun - god Ra and a ferocious protector .
But her influence waned as the Pharaohs declined , and the Hellenistic Egyptians resurrected her as the equivalent of the ancient Greek deity Artemis .
Other artefacts were also discovered in the dig , including pots , a Roman water cistern , and the granite statue of a senior official dating from between 205 BC to 222BC .
Modern - day Alexandria was built directly on top of the ancient city , and archaeologists say ruins of whole cities , palaces and ships remain to be discovered .
The Ptolemaic kings of Egypt were descended from Ptolemy , one of Alexander the Great 's most trusted generals during his conquests of Egypt , Persia and his attack on India .
After Alexander 's death , Ptolemy returned to Alexandria to become king and his descendants ruled until the Roman leader Octavian - who later became Emperor Augustus - defeated Cleopatra , the last of the Ptolemaic line .
Leading Egyptian archaeologist Zahi Hawass said the temple may have been used as a quarry in later years , as there are a large number of missing blocks .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Advertisement :
A Street View of Google Street View Date 25th January 2010 Author anakha Editor James " Agg " Rolfe
Introduction , Photos
Having sat at the computer all day working , last night I needed some exercise so I went for a brisk walk around my neighbourhood on the lower north shore of Sydney .
I was almost back home when I spied an unexpected sight : a Google Street View car resting for the night .
Given Googles habit of taking photos of everywhere , I thought this would be an opportunity to do a little of the same .
So I grabbed my Panasonic DMC - TZ7 camera and took a few snaps ( which Ive shrunk in size for the web ) .
1 ) Sitting relatively unobtrusively in a grey carpark of a tyre repair shop :
2 ) A closer view ( it appears to be a late - model grey Holden Astra hatchback ) :
3 ) Confirmation : its a Holden ( for overseas readers , that 's the Australian subsidiary of General Motors ) :
4 ) Side - on View showing the Google Maps sticker ( note the rear wheel appears to be the spare : Ill return to that later ) :
5 ) How does a Google Street View Car know where it is ?
Roof - mounted GPS receiver , of course !
6 ) To get under low - bridges , etc , the camera tower can be lowered .
Here is a better view of the linkage mechanism which holds it upright , supported by what look like two hydraulic struts facing rearwards :
7 ) A closer look at the roof - mounted camera tower :
Next Page : >>
Select Page Page 1 - Page 2 - Advertisement :
All original content copyright James Rolfe .
All rights reserved .
No reproduction allowed without written permission .
Interested in advertising on OCAU ?
Contact us for info .
Monday , January 4 , 2010
The Tenth Amendment Center tracks state health care " nullification " efforts on an interactive map , with useful links to legislation and proposed state constitutional amendments .
We posted most recently on state constitutional arguments against federal health care reform here and here .
As you know , or might guess , the Tenth Amendment Center supports such state nullification efforts and argues that they are fully constitutional .
Michael Boldin sets out the case here .
If you think that the Supremacy Clause might have something to say about state arguments against federal health care reform , the Tenth Amendment Center has a response to that , too :
SDS
https://lawprofessors.typepad.com/conlaw/2010/01/health-care-nullification-map.html
Morwenna Angove , sales and marketing director at the Alton Towers resort , said : '' Unfortunately Sonic 's behaviour is a danger both to our guests and himself and so we 're doing all we can to ensure that he stays away from the ride .
In order to see this content you need to have both Javascript enabled and Flash installed .
Visit BBC
Webwise for full instructions .
If you 're reading via RSS , you 'll need to visit the blog to access this content .
Most of us do not think twice about paying for something in a high street shop by keying in our pin .
It is easy , fast and in most cases it works .
But scratch a little under the surface and there are persistent reports of people who say they have been the subject of fraud of one kind or another on their credit or debit card .
Now a team of computer scientists at Cambridge University has found a flaw in chip and pin so serious they think it shows that the whole system needs a re-write .
Over the past few years , the Cambridge team has uncovered a series of weaknesses in the system , which has been running since 2004 .
Shockingly simple
Two years ago , we featured one on Newsnight showing that criminals could tap into the communications between a pin terminal and a customer 's card , and read off sufficient information to create a cloned card .
Now , the same team has found a way round the chip and pin system that is so simple it has shocked even them :
" We think this is one of the biggest flaws that we 've uncovered - that has ever been uncovered - against payment systems , and I 've been in this business for 25 years , " Professor Ross Anderson from the Cambridge University Computer Laboratory said .
" This is a flaw in a system that 's used by hundreds of millions of people , by tens of thousands of banks by millions of merchants , " he added .
In essence the Cambridge researchers have discovered a way to carry out transactions without needing to know a card 's pin .
Small kit
So how does the attack work ?
We obviously do not want to give out too much detail , but in simple terms , a stolen card sits in an off - the - shelf card reader , inside a backpack .
This allows it to communicate with a chip , running software written by the team and controlled from a laptop .
All of this is hooked up to a fake card , which slots into the actual shop terminal .
The kit would not have to be big - the Cambridge team is already working on miniaturising it all into a unit the size of a remote control .
It is called a " man in the middle " attack because the software is tricking the terminal into thinking the pin has been verified .
" Essentially what it does is to exploit a flaw in the chip and pin system .
It makes the terminal think the correct pin has been entered , and the card think the transaction was authorised with a signature , " Dr Saar Drimer , one of the Cambridge team , explained .
" At the end the receipt says ' verified by pin ' so the bank is going to think the pin is entered directly , but the criminal actually did not know the pin . "
Credit and debit cards attacked
We got permission from Cambridge University to try out the attack in one of their cafeterias .
The team tried out four common cards - two credit cards , issued by HSBC and John Lewis , and two debit cards , issued by Barclays and the Co-operative Bank .
There was no particular reason for choosing these cards , they just happened to be the ones in the Newsnight team 's wallets .
Using the cards , Dr Drimer keyed in 0000 as the pin .
Since there is no need for the criminal to know the actual pin associated with the card , any combination should work .
It did work , and the printout stated that the purchase had been " verified by pin " .
Following the attack we approached the Co-Operative Bank , Barclays and HSBC - which also administers the John Lewis card - for comment .
All three stressed that this was an industry - wide issue , not specific to any particular to any provider , that their cards were no different to those offered by any other provider or bank , and each referred us to the banking trade association for further comment .
Low sophistication
The Cambridge researchers have a standard approach when they uncover this kind of flaw .
They tell the authorities straight away , suggest fixes , and then publish .
In the last few weeks , they have told the relevant official bodies .
In reality , though , how easy would it be for someone without a PhD in computer science to carry out this attack ?
" Even small scale criminal systems have better equipment than what we have .
The amount of technical sophistication needed to carry out this attack is really quite low , " Dr Steven Murdoch , one of the team , told Newsnight .
" In practice how this attack would work is that one reasonably technically skilled person would build a device that carries out the attack and then sell this equipment on the internet just like criminals already do , " he added .
So is this kind of attack already happening in the real world ?
According to Phil Jones of the Consumers Association , chip and pin has helped to bring down instances of card crime , but many cases remain unexplained .
" It 's very difficult to quantify exactly how big this problem is , " he said .
" What we do know from our investigations is that say around 14 % of consumers on a representative basis have said they have suffered some kind of financial loss which they believe is through fraud .
" The percentage of that which is actually from this type of potential problem with chip and pin is something that is a lot less clear .
What we do know is that we do have cases that are brought forward from individuals which seem quite persuasive . "
Onus on banks
So whose job is it to sort this out ?
In November last year the law changed , placing the onus firmly on the banks to prove that a customer has been negligent in any dispute .
In the UK , it is the Financial Services Authority ( FSA ) , which has responsibility for overseeing how that new law works into practice , though they say it is up to the industry itself to decide how best to comply .
Newsnight understands that behind the scenes some of the banks are already working on fixing this flaw .
But they obviously have not all fixed it yet , because the banks did not alert any of us to the purchases we made using the Cambridge attack , our cards and a PIN of 0000 .
Data trail
Every time you use a card , data on the transaction is generated along the way .
The Cambridge team thinks that customers would be better protected if banks were forced to produce this entire audit trail in disputed transactions .
However , in practice , banks often ask customers to destroy their card , and therefore its chip , as soon as they report a problem .
Stephen Mason , a lawyer who has represented consumers in cases involving banks and disputed card transactions , told Newsnight that digital evidence is increasingly important :
" Just because ' verified by pin ' is printed on a piece of paper that comes out of a machine , it proves nothing .
It 's for the bank to prove that it was verified by pin - and that statement is actually totally irrelevant . "
The chip and pin system has a 700 - odd page manual , but the Cambridge team says it has so many holes in it , the whole thing should be re-written .
" The first thing that banks should do is fix this vulnerability .
There are ways they could upgrade the chip and pin system that would prevent this attack working for most of all the transactions that happen in the UK , not all but most , " Dr Murdoch said .
They should also look back at previous transactions where the customer said their pin had not been used and the bank record showed it has , and consider refunding these customers because it could be they are victim of this type of fraud , " he added .
Watch Susan Watts ' full report on Newsnight on Thursday at 10.30 pm on BBC Two , then afterwards on the BBC iPlayer and Newsnight website .
The Conference Board of Canada is a respected think - tank — or it was , until it was discovered that it had cooked its research in a report on Canadian copyright that had been funded by copyright industry bodies ( they discarded the empirical research that suggested there was no problem and instead plagiarised a lobbying document produced by its sponsors and presented it as " research " ) .
Now , the Conference Board has finally officially withdrawn its fraudulent initial report and published a new one , reversing many of its earlier recommendations .
From Michael Geist :
The new report , which weighs in at 113 pages , was completed by Ruth Corbin , a Toronto - based IP expert .
Corbin started from scratch , reading a broad range of materials , conducting interviews , and leading a private roundtable on the issue ( I participated in the roundtable and met separately with her ) .
While there is much to digest , the lead takeaway is to marvel at the difference between a report cribbed from lobby speaking points and one that attempts to dig into the issues in a more balanced fashion .
Three examples :
First , the report puts intellectual property policy into perspective as just one portion of the innovation agenda , noting that over - protection can be lead to diminishing returns :
Furthermore , protection rights are not the only policy option for the big- picture goal of improving Canada 's innovation track record .
Indeed , statistical evidence demonstrates a non-linear relationship between strength of intellectual property rights and a country 's record of innovation .
There are diminishing returns to rights after a certain point of " strengthening " ( " the more the better " loses validity at some point ) , and countries have other policy means of encouraging innovation .
Intellectual property rights should thus not become the whipping boy of debate .
They are a necessary component , but not the sole guarantor of Canada 's innovation ranking and economic competitiveness .
That conclusion should allow other considerations to enter the debate , such as compatibility with foreign policy , attraction of investment capital , consistency with privacy laws , business soundness , and common sense .
Conference Board of Canada Releases New IP Report , Backs Away From Prior Recommendations
( Thanks , Michael ! )
Malkovich menswear line in Italy US actor takes ' Technobohemian ' range to Tuscany
( ANSA ) - Florence , January 11 - American actor and director John Malkovich on Monday launched the second installment of his latest adventure into the world of fashion and design , ' Technobohemian ' .
Speaking at a conference in Florence , he provided an overview of his Autumn / Winter 2010 - 2011 collection .
'' Technobohemian is a clothing line dedicated to the modern man , '' said the actor , best known for his parts in Dangerous Liaisons ( 1088 ) and Being John Malkovich ( 1999 ) .
'' For the next winter collection , I have used dark tones , in line with autumnal colours .
'' There is not just one single material in the designs but I will use yarn that is organic and environmentally friendly ' ' .
Malkovich promised a more in - depth foretaste of the collection would go on display in Prato , with a range of photographs and preparatory drawings .
The weeklong exhibition , which opens in the Pecci Museum on Tuesday , are part of plans to make the Tuscan town the base for his range , the 56 - year - old actor said .
'' Tuscany is a center of fashion , '' he explained .
'' You can find everything here : the fabrics , the expertise and the ability to bring together all the elements that make up an outfit ' ' .
A showroom devoted to Technobohemian range - Roqk Bazar - will open in Prato later this month .
Set amid medieval buildings in the historic centre of the town , Piazza San Marco , Roqk Bazar will span a 600 square meter space and will also host cultural events .
The online showroom , Roqk Net , will go live the same day , while a second Roqk centre will open in Shanghai , China , this March .
Technobohemian , which aims to combine the sharp , sleek edge of urban wear with a more comfortable , relaxed feel , is the second clothing line for Malkovich , who released another menswear line , Uncle Kimono , in 2002 .
Malkovich released his first , all - white Technobohemian collection last June .
Like the latest venture , the Spring - Summer 2010 range combined smart tailoring with a relaxed , casual , elegance , which the actor says is critical to his vision .
Asked about the inspiration for his ideas , the actor cited his films .
'' These have allowed me to learn about different kinds of peoples and different realities , '' he said , adding that his travels had also played a role .
' Constantly Being Born Clothes and Pencil Dreams ' , the exhibition in Prato , can be visited until January 17 .
Although the sketches depict people Stalin did not know , some of the images obviously reminded him of people he had killed or purged as he conducts angry one - way dialogue with them by scrawling on the drawings .
A US District Court judge has granted a preliminary injunction against last September ’s defunding of anti-poverty group ACORN by a vote of Congress .
ACORN had filed a lawsuit claiming that Congress ’s action violated the explicit Constitutional prohibition against bills of attainder — punishments handed out to an isolated individual or group by legislative proceedings rather than through the courts .
ADVERTISEMENT
The judge agreed that “ the plaintiffs have raised a fundamental issue of separation of powers .
They have been singled out by Congress for punishment that directly and immediately affects their ability to continue to obtain federal funding , in the absence of any judicial , or administrative , process adjudicating guilt . ”
Representatives of ACORN and of the Center for Constitutional Rights , which brought the suit on their behalf , were jubilant following the ruling .
CCR Vice President Jules Lobel was quoted in a CCR press release as saying , “ This historic decision by the Court affirms the fundamental constitutional principle that the Congress cannot be judge , jury , and executioner . ”
ACORN Executive Director Bertha Lewis proclaimed that “ the court ’s decision is a victory not only for the many dedicated citizens who work with ACORN to improve their communities and promote responsible lending and homeownership , but for the Constitution and the rights of all Americans . ”
Immediately following the release last September of amateur videos showing ACORN employees seemingly offering advice on how to set up an illegal prostitution ring , there was a rush to judgment on the part of both Congress and the media .
There have been suggestions all along , however , that ACORN was guilty of nothing more than sloppy record - keeping and lax oversight , and leftwing website have recently begun to cast doubt on whether the heavily - edited videos themselves can stand up to scrutiny .
A Justice Department opinion issued a few weeks ago , suggesting that the Congressional vote could not legally be used to cut off federal payments to ACORN for services that had already been performed , was condemned by Rep. Darrell Issa ( R - CA ) as “ shameful . ”
This new injunction is likely to call forth more of the same sort of Republican outrage .
ADVERTISEMENT
In the end , however , all the judge appears to be saying is that if ACORN has done anything wrong , it deserves its day in court .
Republican critics have a fiercely argued list of reasons to oppose health care reform .
One that is resonating is that the nation cannot afford in tough economic times to add a new trillion - dollar health care entitlement .
We understand why Americans may be skittish , but the argument is at best disingenuous and at worst a flat misrepresentation .
Over the next two decades , the pending bills would actually reduce deficits by a small amount and reforms in how medical care is delivered and paid for  begun now on a small scale  could significantly reduce future deficits .
Here is a closer look at the benefits and costs of health care reform :
STATUS QUO IS UNSUSTAINABLE
More than 46 million Americans have no insurance , and millions more have such poor coverage that a severe illness threatens bankruptcy .
Small employers are dropping coverage because of the cost .
Those lucky enough to have insurance are struggling with higher premiums and co-payments , and worry that if they are laid off they could lose coverage .
Without reform , that bad situation will only get worse .
The Commonwealth Fund , a respected research organization , warned that the average premium for family coverage in employer - sponsored policies would almost double in the coming decade , from about $ 12,300 in 2008 to $ 23,800 in 2020 , with part paid by workers and part by employers .
Premiums are also soaring for individuals who buy their own coverage directly .
BUT A TRILLION DOLLARS ?
Both the House and Senate bills would cover more than 30 million of the uninsured , and fully pay for it  in part by raising taxes ( either on wealthy Americans or high - premium health plans and certain manufacturers and insurers ) and in part by cutting payments to health care providers and private plans that serve Medicare patients .
" Another wake - up tactic is to tap me on the face .
He comes out from under the covers , climbs onto my pillow with his face directly above mine and not - so - gently taps me on the nose or the cheek or even on the eye or mouth with his large , heavy paw .
Sometimes I try to hide under the pillow , but this is no good since his 100 lb weight is holding it down . "
Credit : Melanie Typaldos / Rex Features
We thought Zillow 's 2011 IPO was a good sign for the tech and Internet market .
Intel has not only just confirmed that notion , but blown everybody 's expectations right out of the water .
The world 's largest chipmaker just wowed Wall Street and the tech world with its latest earnings report .
The publicly - traded company reported a net income of $ 2.3 billion in the fourth quarter of 2009 , up an amazing 875 percent from its $ 234 million earnings in the fourth quarter of 2008 .
This more than beat Wall Street expectations .
While we wo n't go into detail about the financial numbers ( you can do that here [ PDF ] ) , we do want to highlight some of the key stats :
- Revenues in Q4 2009 rose to $ 10.6 billion , a climb of 28 percent from $ 8.3 billion last year .
- However , if you look at the big picture , Intel had a better 2008 than 2009 .
2009 revenues were $ 35.1 billion , while 2008 revenues reached $ 37.6 billion .
That 's a 7 percent difference .
- Intel predicts revenues of approximately $ 9.7 billion in Q1 2010 , above Wall Street estimates .
- Around a year ago , at the heart of the economic collapse , Intel decided to invest $ 7 billion into new chip plants .
It looks to be paying off .
Intel 's Q4 report is one of the first to come out this year , but it wo n't be the last .
If Intel 's numbers are any indication though , we 're nearing the light at the end of the tunnel .
[ img credit : Thomas Hawk ]
CAPE CANAVERAL , Florida ( Reuters ) -
The sky ’s no longer the limit for Cecil Field airport in Jacksonville , Florida .
The airport was awarded a federal license on Monday to fly commercial space vehicles being designed to ferry tourists , researchers and others beyond Earth ’s atmosphere .
The Jacksonville Aviation Authority , which worked to get its commercial spaceport licensing for four years , plans to offer Cecil Field ’s 12,500 - foot ( 3,810 meter ) long , 200 - foot ( 61 meter ) wide runway -- one of the biggest in Florida -- to a range of commercial space operators including Virgin Galactic .
The company , owned by Richard Branson ’s Virgin Group , last month unveiled the first of six planned suborbital spaceships which initially will fly out of a commercial spaceport in California .
Virgin Galactic , which is selling tickets for $ 200,000 per seat , is building a base in New Mexico .
“ The big difference between Cecil Field and the New Mexico spaceport is that we have facilities already in place , ” said Todd Lindner , who has been overseeing development of the Jacksonville spaceport .
Cecil Field becomes the country ’s eighth licensed commercial spaceport and the first in Florida cleared to fly space vehicles that take off and land horizontally , like airplanes .
“ This is a relatively new component to the space industry , ” Lindner told Reuters .
“ Up until this point , people are automatically assuming space launches are vertical because we all grew up watching the rockets go up from the Cape . ”
In addition to suborbital passenger flights like those Virgin is offering , Cecil Field hopes to offer commercial orbital launch services staged from the suborbital craft .
Lindner said the Jacksonville Aviation Authority is working with several potential customers , but declined to identify them .
A study to estimate the potential economic benefit of the spaceport is pending .
“ This is giving us options that we did n’t have , ” Lindner said .
Cat Knows Its Not Bacon
Texas
Tech has released a signed , sworn affidavit from an athletic trainer who says former coach Mike Leach instructed him to " lock " receiver Adam James in a dark place and that he disagreed with Leach 's treatment of James after the player was diagnosed with a concussion .
According to his affidavit , taken by representatives of the university on Dec. 21 and signed on Jan. 1 , trainer Steve Pincock did not agree with the treatment and said he knew of no other player ever being placed in a similar room .
In releasing the affidavits from Pincock and treating physician Dr. Michael
Phy , the university said , " After coach Leach 's conflicting recent media accounts of the treatment of James , the university asked witnesses to sign affidavits attesting to their original statements . "
Phy told university officials in his affidavit that James " may not have been harmed , " but he " considered this practice inappropriate , and a deviation from the medical standard of care . "
Leach was fired by Texas Tech on Wednesday , two days after he was suspended by the university as it investigated James ' allegations of mistreatment .
James is the son of ESPN college football analyst Craig James .
Minimum Internet Banking Requirements
Operating System Windows 7 and 8 Mac OSX 10.5 and higher
Web Browser Microsoft Internet Explorer · Internet Explorer versions 9.0 and higher .
· Download from www.microsoft.com
Mozilla Firefox · Firefox versions 27 and 28 .
· Download from www.firefox.com
Safari · Safari versions 5.0 and higher .
· Download from www.apple.com/safari
*** Only the above browsers are fully supported .
Although other browsers may be used , they may not function properly .
As we add new features and enhancements , older browser versions may not support these new standards .
Upgrading to a new version will enhance your security and experience .
If you are experiencing issues accessing online banking we recommend updating to one of the mentioned browsers above .
Browser Troubleshoot Steps
*** In addition to upgrading , we also recommend going through the below browser troubleshooting steps .
Click on the version of the browser to open the help document and follow all the steps .
Firefox Browser Settings Firefox 27 Firefox 28
Safari Browser Settings Safari 5 Safari 6
2.00 Firefox 27 Browser Settings
2.01 Opening the Options Menu
Step 1 Press < ALT > + < T > to activate the Tools dropdown and then open the Options menu .
< ALT >+< T> works even if the toolbar is hidden and is not showing the “ File – Edit – View ” dropdown options .
Step 2 Select Options from the bottom of the list .
2.02 Pop-ups
Step 1
To create a pop-up exception and leave the pop-up blocker on click the Exceptions button to the right of “ Block Pop - up windows . ”
Then add the following websites to the Exceptions list :
· https://www.netit.financial-net.com
· https://www.ea.netit.financial-net.com
· https://www.financial-net.com
[ Click “ Allow ” after each entry ]
Step 2
To completely turn off popup blocker on the Content tab , uncheck the box for “ Block Pop - up windows . ”
2.03 Enabling Cookies
Step 1
Go to the Privacy tab
Step 2
Under the History section make sure Firefox will Use Custom settings for history is selected .
Step 3 Verify Accept cookies from sites and
Accept third - party cookies are checked .
2.04 Clearing Cookies
Step 1 From the Privacy tab click on the button to Show Cookies .
Step 2
Select the option to Remove All Cookies
2.05 Clearing Cache
Step 1 Click on the Advanced tab .
Step 2
Go to the Network sub tab .
Step 3
Click on the button next to “ Cached Web Content ” that says Clear now .
Back to TOP
2.10 Firefox 28 Browser Settings
2.11 Opening the Options menu
Step 1 Press < ALT > + < T > to activate the Tools dropdown .
< ALT >+< T> works even if the toolbar is hidden and is not showing the “ File – Edit – View ” dropdown options .
Step 2 Select Options from the bottom of the list .
2.12 Pop-ups
Step 1
To create a pop-up exception and leave the pop-up blocker on , click the Exceptions button to the right of “ Block Pop - up windows . ”
Then add the following websites to the Exceptions list :
· https://www.netit.financial-net.com
· https://www.ea.netit.financial-net.com
· https://www.financial-net.com
[ Click “ Allow ” after each entry ]
Step 2
To completely turn off popup blocker on the Content tab , uncheck the box for “ Block Pop - up windows . ”
.
2.13 Enabling Cookies
Step 1
Go to the Privacy tab
Step 2
Under the History section make sure Firefox will Use Custom settings for history is selected .
Step 3 Verify Accept cookies from sites and
Accept third - party cookies are checked .
2.14 Clearing Cookies
Step 1 From the Privacy tab click on the button to Show Cookies .
Step 2
Select the option to Remove All Cookies
2.15 Clearing Cache
Step 1 Click on the Advanced tab .
Step 2
Go to the Network sub tab .
Step 3
Click on the button next to “ Cached Web Content ” that says Clear now .
Back to TOP
3.00 Internet Explorer 9 Browser Settings
3.01 Open Tools Internet Options Menu
Step 1 Click on Tools at the top of the browser window or press < ALT >+<T >
Step 2
From the drop - down options choose Internet Options .
3.02 Delete Cache and Cookies
Step 1 Under the Browsing History section click Delete .
Step 2
Select the following
· Preserve Favorites website data
· Temporary Internet Files
· Cookies
· History and Form data
[ Form data may be optional ]
Step 3 Click Delete
** This may take some time .
To the right is a screenshot of what you will see .
3.03 Update Navigation Settings
Step 1 From the Internet Options Window click on the Security tab .
Step 2 Click on the Earth icon .
Step 3 Click on Custom level .
Step 4
Make sure “ reset custom settings ” is set to Medium - High and if not , select it and press the reset button and then click Yes .
Step 5 Click Custom level .
Step 6
About 2/3 down in the list you will see an option that says Navigate windows and frames across different domains .
Make sure it is enabled and click on OK .
*** A shortcut for this is to press the letter < N > on the keyboard and it should go directly to it .
Step 7 Click
Yes at the next java prompt
Step 8 Stay on the Security tab and click on the Trusted Sites icon [ green check mark ] .
Step 9
Follow steps 3 - 6 above .
Step 10 Click on the Sites button .
Step 11
Enter the following 2 sites in trusted sites [ top box ]
· https://www.netit.financial-net.com
· https://www.ea.netit.financial-net.com
· https://www.financial-net.com
Step 12 Click Close .
3.04 Update Cookie Handling
Step 1 Click on the Privacy tab .
Step 2 Click Advanced .
Step 3
Make sure Override automatic cookie handling and Always allow session cookies are checked .
Step 4 First and Third - Party Cookies should both say Accept .
Step 5 Click OK .
3.05 Update Compatibility View Settings
Step 1
Go to the Tools drop down menu .
Step 2 Click Compatibility View Settings .
Step 3
Make sure display all websites in Compatibility View is checked .
Step 4 Click Close .
Back to TOP
3.10 Internet Explorer 10 Browser Settings
3.11 Open Internet Options
Step 1 Click on Tools or press < ALT >+<T >
Step 2
From the drop - down options menu choose Internet Options .
3.12 Delete Browsing History
Step 1 Under the Browsing History section click Delete .
Step 2
Select the following
· Preserve Favorites website data
· Temporary Internet Files
· Cookies
· History and Form data
[ Form data may be optional ]
Step 3 Click Delete
** This may take some time .
Below screenshot of what you will see .
3.13 Update Navigation Settings
Step 1 From the Internet Options Window click on the Security tab .
Step 2 Click on the Earth icon .
Step 3 Click on Custom level .
Step 4
Make sure “ reset custom settings ” is set to Medium - High and if not , select it and press the reset button and then click Yes .
Step 5 Click Custom level .
Step 6
About 2/3 down in the list you will see an option that says Navigate windows and frames across different domains .
Make sure it is enabled and click on OK .
*** A shortcut for this is to press the letter < N > on the keyboard and it should go directly to it .
.
Step 7 Click
Yes at the next java prompt
Step 8 Stay on the Security tab and click on the Trusted Sites icon [ green check mark ] .
Step 9
Follow steps 3 - 6 above .
Step 10 Click on the Sites button .
Step 11
Enter the following 2 sites in trusted sites [ top box ]
· https://www.netit.financial-net.com
· https://www.ea.netit.financial-net.com
· https://www.financial-net.com
Step 12 Click Close .
3.14 Update Cookie Handling
Step 1 Click on the Privacy tab .
Step 2 Click Advanced .
Step 3
Make sure Override automatic cookie handling and Always allow session cookies are checked .
Step 4 First and Third - Party Cookies should both say Accept .
Step 5 Click OK .
3.15 Update Compatibility View Settings
Step 1
Go to the Tools drop down menu .
Step 2 Click Compatibility View Settings .
.
Step 3
Make sure display all websites in Compatibility View is checked .
Step 4 Click Close .
Back to TOP
3.20 Internet Explorer 11 Browser Settings
3.21 Update Compatibility View Settings
Step 1
Check compatibility view settings to ensure pages display properly .
Step 2
To open the tools menu – press < ALT >+<T >
Step 3
If you are unable to see the tool menu at this point , you should try switching from Metro Mode to Desktop Mode on the browser .
** Windows 8 only **
a. Click on the wrench next to the address bar .
If the address bar is not showing press the < Windows Key > and the < Z > key on the keyboard at the same time .
This should bring up the address bar .
b . Once the wrench is showing click on it and then choose the option to View on the desktop
c. Open the tools menu – press < ALT >+<T >
Step 4 Click on Compatibility View Settings .
Step 5
Check the box for Display all websites in compatibility view .
Step 6 Click Close .
*** This should resolve issues with blank or white pages when clicking on links within Online Banking .
3.22 Delete Browsing History
Step 1 Open the Tools Menu and choose the option for Internet Options .
Step 2 Click on the Delete button under the Browsing History section .
Step 3
Make sure that the following are checked
a. Preserve Favorites Website Data
b. Temporary Internet files and website files
c. Cookies and website data
d. History
Step 4 Click Delete at the bottom of the page .
It may take some time for the files to be deleted
3.23 Update Navigation Settings
Step 1 From the Internet Options window click on the Security tab at the top of the page .
Step 2 Click on Custom level .
Step 3
Make sure the setting for Navigate windows and frames across different domains is set to enable .
*** A shortcut for this is to press the letter < N > on the keyboard and it goes right to it .
Step 4 Click on OK .
Step 5 Click on the green check mark for Trusted Sites and click on Sites
Step 6
Add the following websites to Trusted Sites
a . https://www.netit.financial-net.com
b. https://www.ea.netit.financial-net.com
c. https://www.financial-net.com
Step 7 Click on the Privacy tab .
Step 8 Click on Advanced .
Step 9
Make sure Override automatic cookie handling and Always allow session cookies are checked .
Step 10 First and Third - Party Cookies should both say Accept .
Step 11 Click OK to close .
Step 12 Click Apply and then OK to close the Internet Options window .
Back to TOP
4.00 Safari 5 Browser Settings
4.01 Clear Cache
Step 1 Click Safari
Step 2 Click Empty Cache .
Step 3 Click Empty on the confirmation screen .
4.02 Clear Cookies and Cookie handling
Step 1 Click Safari .
Step 2 Click Preferences .
Step 3 Click the Security tab .
Step 4
In the accept cookies section make sure only from sites I visit block cookies from third parties and advertisers are selected .
Step 5 Click on Show Cookies and delete all cookies .
4.03 Reset Safari
Step 1 Click Reset Safari from the Safari menu .
Step 2
Make sure the following are selected and click the Reset button .
Back to TOP
4.10 Safari 6 Browser Settings
4.11 Delete Cache and Cookies
Step 1
Open the Preferences menu press < CTRL > + <,> [ Comma ] .
Step 2 Select the Privacy tab .
Step 3 Click on the button Remove all Website Data .
Step 4 Click on Remove now when the confirmation page appears .
4.12 Enable Cookies
Step 1 From the Privacy tab , under Block Cookies make sure Never is selected .
4.13 Check Popup Blocker , Java , and Plugins
Step 1
From the Security tab make sure all items are checked except Block pop-up windows .
Back to TOP
Commonly Asked Questions
Do I need to enable JavaScript ?
You need a web browser that supports Java Scripting .
Without it , some pages will not work as designed .
We recommend you enable JavaScript for optimal interaction on our website .
Can I use browsers that are in beta testing to access Online Banking ?
To ensure maximum security of information and proper operation of our product , beta software is not recommended for use with Online Banking .
Beta software is experimental and is consistently undergoing changes .
We are consistently monitoring and testing browsers and can only recommend final released versions of new browsers and operating systems .
I received a message saying the security certificate for this site has expired ?
How do I correct this ?
Security certificates are valid for specific date ranges .
If the month or year on your computer is not accurate , it may cause your browser to display a message that the security certificate has expired or is not yet valid .
Check the date settings on your computer and make sure to adjust them to reflect the correct month and year .
Why does a link not work ?
If you click on a link that does not work , the reason could be that you are blocking pop -up windows .
You may need to disable pop-up blocker .
Why am I getting an exceptionally slow response ?
The problem is evident when a page takes a long time to load , or your connection times out .
This problem can affect anyone .
Try clearing cache , cookies , and temporary files .
How do browser add - ons affect my browser experience ?
When an add - on , such as a toolbar , is installed on your computer , it becomes part of your browser and operating system .
If you have a mal - functioning add - on this can affect the performance of your computer .
In addition , multiple add - ons can cause your internet to perform slower than normal .
Published on 4/24/2014
Back to TOP
Illustration by Peter Schrank
COULD the worst financial crisis in history really also be one of the cheapest ?
America 's Troubled Asset Relief Programme ( TARP ) , created at the height of the crisis in 2008 , will end up costing taxpayers less than 1 % of GDP , Treasury officials now believe .
By comparison , previous systemic banking crises have on average cost 13 % of GDP to resolve , according to estimates by the International Monetary Fund .
“ This is a pretty good return on investment , ” Ben Bernanke , chairman of the Federal Reserve , told Time .
It is not just the Americans who are bullish on bail - outs .
Officials around the world believe this crisis will be cheaper than past calamities .
In its pre-budget report in December , the British government reckoned its rescue scheme would end up costing just £ 8 billion ( $ 13 billion ) , barely 0.5 % of GDP — an astonishing feat since its potential exposure to Lloyds Banking Group and Royal Bank of Scotland alone approaches 20 % of GDP .
TARP authorised the federal government to deploy up to $ 700 billion to save the financial system .
The final bill was always assumed to be lower , though how much lower has become ever more striking .
In August Barack Obama 's budget office pencilled in a cost of $ 341 billion .
In the administration 's next budget , due in a few weeks , that will be revised down to $ 117 billion ( see chart 1 ) .
The administration thinks the final number will end up being closer to $ 90 billion .
Almost all of that will be explained by lossmaking investments in carmakers —
General Motors , Chrysler and their financing arms — and AIG , and by subsidies to homeowners to help modify their mortgages .
The administration may have designed a special levy on banks to recoup the costs of TARP ( see article ) but it actually stands to make money on its investment in them , from dividends , warrants and fees for never - used guarantees .
This picture is incomplete , however .
Much of the support to the financial sector went not through TARP but through other agencies .
The Federal Reserve has so far profited handsomely on its emergency loans to banks : it will remit a record profit to the Treasury for 2009 .
The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation made money on its bank - bond guarantees .
Its deposit fund has been exhausted by the toll of failed lenders , but it expects to recover those costs from future fees on banks .
The picture surrounding Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , two government - sponsored enterprises ( GSEs ) that own or insure half of American residential mortgages , is grimmer .
The Treasury has already injected $ 111 billion into them to maintain their solvency .
Officials say they will need more but nothing like the $ 400 billion originally authorised ( that limit was eliminated late last year , but only out of an abundance of caution , they say ) .
Edward Pinto , an independent consultant , is more pessimistic : he estimates support for the GSEs and the Federal Housing Administration , which guarantees a growing share of new mortgages , will ultimately amount to $ 330 billion - 440 billion .
The government 's accounting , typically for bail - outs , also takes a narrow view of the fiscal cost of a crisis .
First , it excludes the far larger impact of the recession on government revenue , as well as the costs of fiscal stimulus .
Second , no account is taken of non-cash subsidies , like the value of government guarantees that would have cost far more in the private market ( assuming they could have been purchased at all ) .
The final cost also depends on when the totting - up is done .
Usually , the longer a government has to dispose of assets acquired during a crisis , the better the recovery rate .
Even so , experience varies widely .
Five years after its 1991 crisis Sweden had recovered almost all its costs , whereas Finland had recouped very little ( see chart 2 ) .
America could yet escape with a modest bill .
It did not experience a simultaneous currency crisis , a big contributor to the costliest episodes of the past .
Officials argue that because America relies more on securities markets and less on banks than other countries , its crisis was rooted more in illiquidity than in insolvency .
The prices of banks ' shares plunged and their access to financing dried up , they say , because their assets were shrouded in uncertainty , not because they were obviously insolvent .
“ If you follow Bagehot 's rule — ie , ‘ lend freely against good collateral at a penalty rate ' — you will make money , ” says Lewis Alexander , a Treasury official .
Furthermore , policymakers in America and elsewhere do seem to have learned from history .
They generally followed what the IMF and others have identified as “ best practice ” : rapid application of loan guarantees to end panic , targeted bank recapitalisation to restore solvency , and transparency about banks ' health , which restores investor confidence and enables banks to raise private capital .
For all that , they may still be being too optimistic .
Carmen Reinhart of the University of Maryland , who has studied financial crises intensively , says policymakers chronically underestimate the extent of bad loans in the financial system and therefore the scale of bail - out costs .
The amount of aid the financial system ultimately needs depends on the long - term performance of the economy , which in turn rests partly on how successfully the system is cleansed of bad debts .
America chose not to buy bad loans off its banks .
Instead , banks are earning their way out of the mess , helped in part by the Fed 's ultra - low interest rates .
Although policymakers deserve credit for the speed and scale of their response to the crisis , it is too soon to conclude that they have broken with the past .
In 1996 the cost of Japan 's bail - out was pegged at 3 % of GDP ; it now stands at 14 % .
And as Ms Reinhart observes : “ We do n't know yet whether we 're Japan or not . ”
That so huge a crisis might be resolved at such a low price suggests three things : policymakers have been smarter than their predecessors ; their numbers are incomplete ; or they are too optimistic .
Chances are it will be a bit of all three .
Upset that devil worshiping is traditionally a boys - only game ?
Well fret not , ladies , cause now there 's a Ouija board just for you !
It 's pink !
Girls love pink !
Plus shoes !
It has always been mysterious .
It has always been mystifying .
And now the OUIJA Board is just for you , girl .
With 72 fun questions included , you 'll never run out of things to ask .
Who will call / text me next ?
Will I be a famous actor someday ?
Who wishes they could trade places with me ?
Gather your friends around , draw a card , place your fingers on the planchette and ask your question .
Concentrate very hard and watch as the answer is revealed in the message window .
Make up your own questions , and let the OUIJA Board satisfy your curiosity in virtually endless ways .
OUIJA Board will answer .
It 's just a game - or is it ?
It 's not just a game .
It 's like an empty soup can and long string STRAIGHT TO THE DEVIL'S MOUTH .
Do n't believe me ?
One time growing up a friend and I asked what we were gonna get for Christmas that year .
You know what it said ?
' SOQMNETR '.
Which , last time I checked , is not how you spell ' ALL THE HE - MAN TOYS EVER MADE INCLUDING THE CASTLE GRAYSKULL PLAYSET '.
Then we threw it in the fire and heard screaming .
Toys R Us
via
Toys R Us Can't Be Serious .
But They Are. [ babble ]
Thanks to zeppomarks , who asked a Magic 8 Ball if I 'd post this tip .
' It is decidedly so ' .
The media gave big headlines to this week ’s stories on a prestigious British medical publication ’s retraction of an article that had claimed to show a causal link between standard childhood vaccinations ( measles , mumps and rubella ) and autism .
Yet the coverage of the Lancet affair did n’t truly convey the outrageousness of the original publication or the gravity of its consequences — consequences long festering , since the paper was published not last week but 12 years ago .
Many of us in the scientific community recognized the “ study ” as junk when it appeared in 1998 .
Even before we learned of then - unknown ethical failings by its lead author , we knew the study was based on a tiny population of only 12 children .
More , it relied on a novel methodology that assumed some bizarre , previously unheard of , association between children ’s autism and their manifestation of intestinal problems .
Nonetheless , the media back then seized on this story from a prestigious medical source — and the scare picked up steam when TV appearances by actress Jenny McCarthy and a Rolling Stone article by Robert Kennedy Jr. blared word of the putative dangers of vaccines .
When criticism of the paper intensified in the days after publication , Lancet editor - in - chief Dr. Richard Horton defended his decision to publish what he acknowledged as an inferior study by claiming it would generate debate on the autism / vaccine issue .
Even when 10 of the original 13 authors withdrew their names from the article , Horton still refused to withdraw the study .
Nor did he take such action when multiple studies subsequently appeared showing no link between vaccines and autism .
Nor even in 2004 — when it was revealed that the lead author , Dr. Andrew Wakefield , had been paid , in part , by lawyers for parents seeking to sue vaccine makers , claiming adverse health consequences .
All the publicity led many parents to forgo these vital infant immunizations : Vaccination rates in Britain , especially , plummeted .
And since then , hundreds of unvaccinated children have been hospitalized in Britain with the measles .
Some died of the illness .
Here in America , more than 1,000 children have died from H1N1 flu over the last year — numbers that would surely be smaller had not so many parents been frightened away from getting flu shots by the general Wakefield - induced paranoia over vaccines .
In other words , a medical jour nal triggered a chain of events that led to preventable disease — and some child deaths .
Some will argue the Lancet piece was an aberration :
Most peer - reviewed journals publish only carefully reviewed , well - conducted studies .
But there is a disturbing trend in recent years : publication of small , uncontrolled , isolated findings — which the media immediately present as fact , under alarming headlines .
And health and environmental activists have founded their own cliquish “ peer review ” journals : Small groups of ideologically fueled scientists publish the manuscripts compatible with their activist mission .
In the specific case of vaccines , a cottage industry of conspiracy theorists , “ investigative journalists ” and ( understandably ) desperate parents of sick children in search of explanations also stands ready to pounce on any apparent indictment of vaccines — and spread the word .
All of which makes it all the more important for serious journals , as the Lancet claims to be , to avoid junk science — not promote it .
Nor did the journal ’s editors , after 12 years , finally independently come to their senses and vote to retract .
Horton finally pulled the trigger on the retraction only after a British medical panel ( the General Medical Council ) concluded that Wakefield had been dishonest , violated basic research ethics rules and showed a “ callous disregard ” for the suffering of children following his spurious publication .
Even with the retraction , the widespread rumors of a vaccine - autism link will prevail :
The broader anti-vaccine movement is alive and well , albeit without a shred of evidence to support their case .
As the chief of Infectious Disease at Philadelphia Children ’s Hospital , Dr. Paul Offit , reflected sadly , “ This retraction by Lancet came far too late .
It ’s very easy to scare people ; it ’s very hard to unscare them . ”
Horton has made no effort whatsoever to apologize or take editorial responsibility for this egregious error .
He should step forward and say , “ I regret the needless suffering and death for which I am partly responsible . ”
This incident leads to one very unsettling but unavoidable conclusion :
Even a study in a top - notch , peer - reviewed medical journal may still be scientific garbage .
Imagine how many other false ( if less controversial ) reports glide by under the radar — undetected but still destructive to good science and public health .
Dr. Elizabeth M. Whelan is president of the American Council on Science and Health ( AC SH.org ) .
Magicians , hypnotists and needy women are n’t the only ones who enjoy playing mind games .
Scientists quite like to screw with our heads too and over the years they ’ve found some pretty strange ways of doing just that .
Link
1. Social Laziness
In 1883 French agronomist Max Ringelmann undertook an experiment at Grandjouan Agricultural College , which showed that working in groups , actually makes us lazier .
This experiment entailed asking a group of people to tug on a rope both individually and as a team .
An instrument attached to the base of the rope measured the force of their pull .
The results showed that the subjects pulled harder when on their own and shirked when working in a group .
The larger the group , the lazier the subjects got .
In a group of eight people each person only pulled half as hard as they had before .
This is proof that people are lazier when nobody ’s looking .
Link
2. Thinking Outside the Box
Here ’s a puzzle for you to try at home .
In front of you are three small boxes .
One contains a small candle .
One contains matches .
The other contains some drawing pins .
Your challenge is to attach the candles to a door at eye level .
Do n’t ask why , it ’s just a game .
How did you do ?
Of course the answer is to pin one of the boxes to the door and use it as a candleholder .
However , when German psychologist Karl Duncker asked his test subjects to complete this challenge only three out of seven were able .
In an alternate experiment he placed the objects outside of the boxes .
In this instance all of the test subjects found the answer easily .
The purpose of Dunker ’s experiment was to understand how we think creatively and how we perceive the functions of certain objects .
When the boxes were used to contain other objects , they were seen as being containers only and it was more difficult for the test subjects to ‘ disengage them from their original function ’ and to imagine them in the new role of candleholder .
However , although it ’s interesting , this test has only ever been useful to Blue Peter presenters .
Link
3. Sleep Deprivation
Experiments into the effects of sleep deprivation began as early as 1894 when cold - hearted Russian scientist Maria Manaceine kept four puppies awake long enough to kill them .
The first of the puppies died after 96 hours without sleep and the last after 143 hours .
Not content with killing just four puppies she then tried the experiment again , this time with six puppies .
They all died .
What a bitch .
The following year three men stayed awake for a period of 90 hours under the observation of scientists at the university of Iowa .
They began to experience hallucinations after only the second night of wakefulness .
After their 90 hour ordeal was over they then fell into such a deep sleep that even strong electric shocks could not stir them .
Link
4. Subliminal Imagery
Early experiments into the power of subliminal imagery have themselves burned a mark on the retina of the public consciousness , particularly in America where commercialism is at it ’s height .
The idea of subliminal imagery was made public in 1957 when a market researcher by the name of James Vicary invited a cinema full of journalists to watch a short film about fish .
The experiment has since entered popular folklore but this is no urban myth .
During the short film the journalists gorged themselves on popcorn and soft drinks as the film had secretly instructed them to do .
The messages ‘ drink coke ’ and ‘ eat popcorn ’ had appeared on the screen consecutively for periods lasting only 1/300th of a second each .
In a previous experiment , conducted on the cinema goers of Fort Lee , New Jersey over a period of six weeks , sales of Coca - Cola rose by 18.1 % and those of popcorn by 57.5 %
Link
5 . The Milgram Experiment
This is one of the most shocking experiments ever conducted , quite literally .
Each round of testing involved two members of the public , who had agreed to take part in the experiment with no prior knowledge of what it would entail .
After meeting each other briefly and drawing lots , the two subjects were taken to two separate rooms .
One was strapped into an electric chair and told to expect electric shocks at a level that would be painful but that would not cause any injury .
The second subject , meanwhile , was taken to a separate room where he assumed the role of the ‘ Interrogator ’ .
The interrogator was seated in front of a microphone and an ominous looking control panel with a voltage meter attached .
He was instructed to read out several multiple choice questions and await an answer via the control panel ( the other subject would answer by pushing buttons ) .
A wrong answer would result in an electric shock , to be administered by the ‘ interrogator ’ via the control panel .
Each time the voltage of the shock would be increased .
Little did those people in the role of ‘ interrogator ’ realize that it was they who were being studied here .
The tests began and , after several wrong answers , the voltage of the electric shock quickly reached painful levels .
This might sound like fun for the interrogator but before too long they begun to hear their victims screaming in pain in the next room .
At this point , interrogators frequently turned to the laboratory technicians standing behind them and asked if their counterpart was all right .
The technicians simply stated that ‘ the experiment requires that you continue ’ .
Most did .
After several minutes , enough wrong answers had usually been given to cause the voltage of the shocks to increase to over 375 volts , pushing the needle on the control panel into a red area marked ‘ Danger : Severe Shock . ’
At this point one ‘ victim ’ was famously heard shouting that he would n’t take part anymore and refused to answer any more questions .
The interrogator in this instance , a social worker by the name of Braverman was told that a non-answer should be regarded as an incorrect answer and that the shock should be delivered all the same .
The victim fell completely silent and Braverman continued the test , delivering shocks as high as 450 volts .
Over one thousand subjects took part in Milgram ’s experiments during the 1960s .
Two thirds of them went as far as delivering a 450 volt shock .
Milgram had proven that large numbers of the American public were not only capable , but also willing to torture each other simply because they had been told to do so .
The ‘ interrogators ’ could have discontinued the test at any time .
This demonstrated just how easily atrocities such as mass torture and genocide could be committed .
Link
6. The Truth About Beards
In almost every culture around the world a finely sculpted arrangement of facial hair is recognized as a sign of wisdom .
We are taught that a man with a fine beard is to be respected and revered .
But does a hairy chin -warmer really alter the way we react to a person ?
Research has proven that the link between beards and wisdom is little more than wishful thinking by those who choose to wear a hanging chandelier of face - fluff .
Professor Jurgen Klapprotte conducted a simple experiment at the University of Nuremberg - Erlangen .
He had lecturers wear beards at the beginning of one semester and go clean - shaven at the start of the next .
Within ten minutes of the students having seen their new look the lecturers handed out a questionnaire about his personality .
The results showed that the students thought much less of the lecturers when they were sporting beards , saying that they were ‘ less focused , less friendly , less able , less rational and even less intelligent . ’
Link
7. Christ in Triplicate
Have you ever wondered what would happen if you put three people who all claimed to be God in the same room with one and other ?
No it ’s not like in terminator when you touch your past or future self – the universe wo n’t collapse in on itself .
In fact when psychologist Milton Rokeach did exactly that , back in 1959 , very little did happen besides god getting very confused , all three of him that is .
Of course the three lunatics were n’t all God , that would just be silly .
One claimed to be God , another claimed to have made God ( and that this was clearly documented on his birth certificate ) .
The third claimed to be none other than Jesus of Nazareth , although he was of no relation to the men claiming to be his father and grandfather ( in fact he ’d never met them before ) .
The point of this experiment was to discover what would happen when the men were confronted with the apparent paradox .
Would it cause them to question their identities and lead them to a cure ?
It had happened before .
Two Jesuses had met in a lunatic asylum and cured each other , the same had happened with two Virgin Marys ( although you ’d think they ’d realize that one of them could still be the real thing ) .
Unfortunately , none of the three generations of God that Rokeach introduced to one another were cured by the experience .
One later decided to change his name to Dr Righteous Idealed Dung , much to the consternation of his wife , who was a figment of his imagination .
Rokeach then began sending letters to R.I Dung under his imaginary wife ’s name .
In these letters the imagined Mrs Dung insisted that it was she who was the one true God. R.I Dung decided that it was best to agree with her .
The other two men were never cured of their identity problem .
They were perfectly happy to live in peace with one and other , despite their obvious philosophical differences .
Link
8. Programming Poor Little Albert
Anyone who has read Aldous Huxley ’s ‘ Brave New World ’ will be familiar with the idea of infant ‘ conditioning ’ .
However the idea dates back to the 1920s when the Psychologist John B. Watson began teaching a nine month old infant named ‘ Albert B ’ to fear rats .
This was achieved by making a loud and frightening noise whenever the rat was nearby .
This was directly inspired by Pavlov ’s experiments with dogs , in which the dogs salivated when they heard a bell , having learned to associate the bell with food .
Unfortunately , little Albert was so traumatized that he began to fear anything fury , including blankets and various animals .
It ’s not known exactly what happened to Albert after this study but it ’s fair to assume that he grew to be a very nervous adult as Watson had no way of ‘ deprogramming ’ the child .
The technique known as ‘ conditioning ’ , as discovered by Pavlov and his salivating dogs has also been used by Frederic Skinner to train animals to perform amazingly complex tasks .
By associating certain actions with food he trained rats to play keyboards and taught pigeons to play ping - pong .
Link
9. Mind Over Matter
The idea of telepathic control over matter has long been associated with the paranormal and ignored by science .
However over the past century there have been a number of experiments which aimed to prove once and for all that it is possible to control objects using the power of the mind .
These have included using groups of volunteers to concentrate on a particular outcome of an entirely random event , such as flipping a coin .
These experiments have shown a surprising degree of success but have never been entirely conclusive .
More recently , however , one Professor Moddel attempted to use will power to influence light .
In 2007 he aimed a beam of light at a glass slide and asked his test - subjects to mentally increase the amount of reflected light .
Amazingly , the subjects were able to successfully increase the reflection of the beam by 0.005 percent and showed a similar success when asked to mentally decrease the amount of reflected light .
Link
10 . The Powers of Belief and Ignorance
Arthur Ellison , a Professor of Electrical Engineering at the City University of London , is known for his sense of humour .
His mock experiment into the power of the human mind was little more than a hoax but highlighted the amazing twin powers of belief and ignorance .
Ellison invited a group of volunteers to attempt to make a bowl of flowers levitate .
They were asked to concentrate on the object and played an audio recording of chanting Buddhist monks .
To their surprise the bowl lifted off the table .
The experiment was rigged and the levitation was caused by powerful electromagnets ( the chanting was used solely to cover the humming sound they made ) .
What was most interesting about this experiment , however , was the reaction of the unsuspecting participants .
One old woman said that she had seen a grey substance supporting the bowl of flowers as it lifted .
Presumably she imagined this to be some strange , mystical force .
It is possible that she was so desperate to believe that events had been paranormal in nature that she had imagined a supernatural force to have been present .
Another woman , however , reacted entirely differently .
As a professor of physics she was rightly skeptical but to the point where her judgment was clouded , saying that she did n’t even see the bowl of flowers move .
It quite clearly had moved , but her refusal to believe it had blinded her to the fact .
She said ‘ I do n’t see what all the fuss is about .
Nothing moved at all .’
Link
Written by Mark Ball – Copyrighted © www.weirdworm.com
New York ( CNN ) -- Passengers of US Airways Flight 1549 could soon have a unique souvenir from their harrowing flight that ended in New York 's Hudson River -- although it would be quite a large one .
The plane famously landed with 155 people aboard in the frigid river waters by Capt .
Chesley " Sully " Sullenberger last January after a bird strike disabled its engines is up for auction .
The plane , an Airbus A320 - 214 , is listed for sale " AS IS / WHERE IS " at a salvage yard in Kearny , New Jersey .
The wings , included in the sale , have been separated from the body of the aircraft and the bid site for the aircraft lists " severe water damage throughout the airframe " and " impact damage to underside of aircraft . "
The engines are not included .
The auction , managed by Dan Akers of Chartis Insurance , is set to end on March 27 at 4:30 p.m. ET and is open to the public .
Chartis is a division of the larger American International Group Inc. and insures US Airways .
Marie Ali , a spokeswoman for Chartis , told CNN the plane is being auctioned " as salvage " but declined to provide further details about the auction .
A spokesperson for Sullenberger said the captain is aware the plane is at a salvage yard .
US Airways did not immediately return calls for comment about the auction .
Hey .
I was laying there trying to go to sleep last night , and I was thinking about how those theives stole the sign over the entrance to Auschwitz , and they even broke it into 3 pieces .
I do n't know if the sign has been recovered or not , and I 'm wondering , will they put it back into place if they do find it ?
Is that really the right thing to do , all things considered ?
I believe that God uses random occurences as signs for us .
This here is a sign , I believe .
The sign said , " Arbeit Macht Frei " , or , " work sets you free " or " freedom through work " .
Last night I became curious as to when the sign was put there .
I guesstimated in 1939 or 1940 , when the camp first got going .
My mind set off on a chain - reaction and I started looking at dates .
The sign was made and put in place about 70 years ago , and now it 's removed .
Do you see the significance in that ?
I 'm thinking along the lines of , a Sabbath Rest .
Seventy years .
On the 7th day , we rest .
In the days of old , debts were forgiven every 7 years , in keeping with the Sabbath laws .
The sign said , work sets you free .
And now it 's missing ...
I take this as a sign .
Today , I feel that God is saying , Freedom Through Rest .
I am learning to trust and rest in Christ .
Christ sets you free , not works .
I do n't know if I 'm the only one who 's viewing it that way , but I do secretly hope those thieves do n't get in trouble for what they did .
I think it 's a wonderful sign for the new year .
But maybe they should quietly abandon the pieces in some forest or something and hope they 're found .
Or not ?
I know they stole it , but would it really be right to re-install it ?
Maybe a Holocaust museum would be more fitting for it .
I think the Jews , and every other prisoner who spent time in Auschwitz would be happy to know that the sign has been removed .
What a trick and what deceit came upon them as they entered through those gates and looked up at the sign .
They were lied to , and told that if they worked hard enough , they would be set free ... eventually .
Lies !
* update *
( a few hours later ... )
um ... so I just looked it up , and discovered they already found it in December .
I must have already known that ... how else would I have known it was broken in 3 pieces ?
This is a prime example of what I live with every day !!!
But I did notice something in the news just now , a former Nazi was behind it all .
That 's interesting .
I 'm a bit embarrassed but oh well .
It 's the reality of my brain these days .
Re-reading my post , how could I not have caught that ?
How could I have said myself , it was in 3 pieces ... then saying I hope the guys return it ?
Am I that ditzy ?
Oh and one more thing .
I should come clean on this : I have n't read any comments on anything I 've done in say ... over a year .
BOOYAH !!!!!!
( how else do you think I 'm able to keep going ?
I would have hung myself by now if I would have read , digested , and internalized everything that 's been thrown at me for the past few years .
I 'm confessing this so nobody will waste their efforts on commenting on anything , unless they simply like talking to themselves , and amongst themselves . )
UPDATES ‘ Avatar ’ Now # 2 All - Time Grossing Movie
UPDATES ‘ Avatar ’ Passes $ 1B Worldwide And $ 352 M Domestic
SATURDAY PM / SUNDAY AM UPDATE : Guess what ?
Twentieth Century Fox ’s 3D Avatar is still # 1 in North America and overseas .
The studio says it took in $ 13.3 M domestic Friday , down - 48 % from New Years Day , and $ 21.2M Saturday for a hefty $ 48.5 M weekend that ’s only - 29 % down from last Fri-Sat - Sun .
That ’s four # 1s in a row for James Cameron ’s big budget technopic which has n’t happened at the box office since The Dark Knight in July 2008 .
Its domestic cume is now $ 429 M , passing 2009 ’s highest grossing pic Transformers 2 : Revenge of the Fallen and its $ 402.1 M .
Hollywood.com says later this week Avatar will be first IMAX Hollywood feature to cross $ 100 M in global receipts .
The studio announced that Avatar made another $ 143 M at the international box office this 4th weekend from 14,839 screens in 111 countries .
That ’s up 4.5 % from the 3rd weekend , raising its foreign cume now to $ 906.2 M .
Its worldwide cume is now $ 1.335 billion , 2nd only to that other Cameron epic Titanic ‘s $ 1.843B ( not adjusted for inflation or 3D ’s higher ticket prices ) .
“ It ’s kind of like Usain Bolt breezing in the quarterfinals of the Olympics 100M — stretching out a lead but with no real competition , ” one Fox exec exulted .
The big question now is whether Denzel Washington ’s Book of Eli can knock it off next week .
Nothing released today was even in the same sports stadium .
Hmm , sneaking a release into the first week of January used to be a good strategy over the last few years .
But not if faced with a worldwide juggernaut that became the No. 2 highest grossing movie of all time in just 20 days .
( The record has n’t been adjusted for ticket prices of inflation . )
So Lionsgate opened the vampire film Daybreakers , which came in a distant but still decent # 2 Friday after its trailer ’s views grew 113 % this week for first place .
Although the film is getting good buzz , it fell to # 4 after Saturday .
Universal ’s debut of the romantic comedy Leap Year barely cracked the Top 5 during its first day of release Friday , then fell out to # 6 Saturday .
And The Weinstein Co ’s rebel without a clue Youth In Revolt showed life with its Friday debut despite its modest run .
Here ’s the Top 10 :
1. Avatar ( 20th Century Fox ) Week 4 [ 3,422 Theaters ]
Fri $ 13.3 M , Sat $ 21.2 M , Wkd $ 48.5 M , Cume $ 429 M
2. Sherlock Holmes ( Warner Bros ) Week 3 [ 3,626 Theaters ]
Fri $ 5.1 M , Sat $ 7.3 M , Wkd $ 16.6 M , Cume $ 165.1M
3. Alvin & The Chipmunks : The Squealquel ( Fox ) Week 3 [ 3,641 Theaters ]
Fri $ 3.4 M , Sat $ 8 M , Wkd $ 16.3 M , Cume $ 178.1 M
4. Daybreakers ( Lionsgate ) NEW [ 2,523 Theaters ]
Fri $ 5.8 M , Sat $ 5.5 M , Wkd $ 15 M
5 . It ’s Complicated ( Universal ) Week 3 [ 2,955 Theaters ]
Fri $ 3.2 M , Sat $ 4.9 M , Wkd $ 11 M , Cume $ 76.3 M
6. Leap Year ( Universal ) NEW [ 2,511 Theaters ]
Fri $ 3.3 M , Sat $ 3.9 M , Wkd $ 9.1M
7. Blind Side ( Warner Bros ) Week 8 [ 2,880 Theaters ]
Fri $ 2.2 M , Sat $ 3.3 M , Wkd $ 7.7 M , Cume $ 219.1M
8. Up In The Air ( Paramount ) Week 6 [ 2,218 Theaters ]
Fri $ 2 M , Sat $ 3.2 M , Wkd $ 7.1 M , Cume $ 54.7 M
9. Youth in Revolt ( The Weinstein Co ) NEW [ 1,873 Theaters ]
Fri $ 2.7 M , Sat $ 2.5 M , Wkd $ 7 M
10 . Princess And The Frog ( Disney ) Week 7 [ 2,620 Theaters ]
Fri $ 950 K , Sat $ 2.2 M , Wkd $ 4.5 M , Cume $ 92.4 M
—
Limited Runs
Invictus ( Warner Bros ) Week 5 [ 1,340 Theaters ]
Fri , Sat $ 785 K , Wkd $ 1.71 M , Cume $ 33.5 M
The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus ( Sony Classics ) Week 3 [ 552 Theaters ]
Fri , Sat $ 701 K , Wkd $ 1.7 M , Cume $ 2.1M
Nine ( Weinstein Co ) Week 4 [ 1,060 Theaters ]
Fri $ 469 K , Sat $ 676 K , Wkd $ 1.6 M , Cume $ 16.8 M
The Young Victoria ( Apparition ) Week 4 [ 476 Theaters ]
Fri $ 301 K , Sat $ 514 K , Wkd $ 1.1 M , Cume $ 4.5 M
3 Idiots ( Big Picture ) Week 3 [ 135 Theaters ]
Fri $ 134 K , Sat $ 261 K , Wkd $ 540 K , Cume $ 5.5 M
Precious ( Lionsgate ) Week 10 [ 408 Theaters ]
Fri $ 130 K , Sat $ 200 K , Wkd $ 460 K , Cume $ 44.3 M
Crazy Heart ( Fox Searchlight ) Week 4 [ 33 Theaters ]
Fri , Sat $ 200 K , Wkd $ 435 K , Cume $ 1.2M
Brothers ( Relativity / Lionsgate ) Week 6 [ 428 Theaters ]
Fri $ 120 K , Sat $ 160 K , Wk $ 380 K , Cume $ 28.2 M
A Single Man ( Weinstein Co ) Week 5 [ 48 Theaters ]
Fri $ 89 K , Sat $ 158 K , Wkd $ 358 K , Cume $ 2.2M
Broken Embraces ( Sony Classics ) Week 8 [ 101 Theaters ]
Fri $ 90 K , Sat $ 152 K , Wkd $ 345 K , Cume $ 2.2M
The Road ( Weinstein Co ) Week 7 [ 207 Theaters ]
Fri $ 72 K , Sat $ 106 K , Wkd $ 247 K , Cume $ 7.3 M
Crazy On The Outside ( Freestyle ) NEW [ 74 Theaters ]
Fri $ 21 K , Sat $ 28 K , Wkd $ 68 M
The White Ribbon ( Sony Classics ) Week 2 [ 5 Theaters ]
Fri $ 12 K , Sat $ 20 K , Wkd $ 48 K , Cume $ 168K
Pyarr Impossible ( Yash Raj ) NEW [ 29 Theaters ]
Fri $ 14 K , Sat $ 18 K , Wkd $ 44 K
Lovely Bones ( Paramount ) Week 5 [ 3 Theaters ]
Fri $ 10 K , Sat $ 10 K , Wkd $ 35 K , Cume $ 444 K
In Search Of Memory ( Icarus ) NEW [ 1 Theater ]
Fri $ 3 K , Sat $ 3 K , Wkd $ 8 K
A Latvian billionaire created a housing development in Cēsis , Latvia , about 80 km from the capital , Riga , where he purchased over 3000 hectares of wild forest .
He created an “ eco ” village , calling it “ Amatciems ” .
Such project is quite unique for Latvia .
No fencing and no asphalted roads are allowed .
Only ecological , clean , and wooden construction materials were allowed in this terrain rich in hills and water .
The resulting residential community is comprised of three - story houses that are in harmony with the topography .
As the founder says :
Here dominates nature .
Not a man .
For further information , visit Amatciems
You may also like :
Denotational Semantics : A Methodology for Language Development
David Schmidt , Kansas State University
In 1986 , Allyn and Bacon published my Denotational Semantics text , which I wrote while I was a post-doc in Edinburgh in 1982 - 83 .
The book sold steadily over the years , but Allyn and Bacon was purchased by William C. Brown , which was purchased by McGraw - Hill .
McGraw - Hill deleted the text as soon as they acquired it .
When the book was deleted , its publication rights returned to me .
I had no interest in revising and reprinting it , but from time to time I 've mailed photocopies of the text to various people .
The requests for copies increased , so I salvaged the text 's troff source and used groff to produce PS - files .
With the help of others ( please see below ) , the text is now available as a free download in both PS and PDF with the caveat that you get what you pay for . (-:
You are welcome to send comments / questions to me at das AT ksu.edu .
Hey , everyone .
We just wanted to let you know that Dec. 31 was the last day that The Hero of Time was available for viewing .
We came to an agreement with Nintendo earlier this month to stop distributing the film .
In the spirit of the holiday season they were good enough to let us keep the movie up for you to watch and enjoy through the end of 2009 , but not past 2009 .
We understand Nintendo ’s right to protect its characters and trademarks and understand how in order to keep their property unspoiled by fan ’s interpretation of the franchise , Nintendo needs to protect itself — even from fan - works with good intentions .
This has been quite an adventure for us and we have a real sense of peace bringing the project to a close .
Between the screenings and the online release many of you were able to see the film and we hope to not have only inspired those of you that live , breathe and dream Zelda but we also hope to have inspired all of you aspiring filmmakers out there !
Thank you again for all your patience with the project and we hope you had as much fun watching our movie as we did making it .
Thanks for all your wonderful messages of encouragement and support !
I ’m sure our next project will be right around the corner !
No , it ’s not Majora ’s Mask : )
It ’s Time Has Come .
The official , easy - to - use punctuationmark to emphasize a sarcastic phrase , sentence or message .
Free for a limited time !
Get SarcMark™ Get SarcMark
Tell Them How You Really Feel
It must be tough being perfect Steve Ballmer
I need that like I need a hole in my head Linda Madden
Sarcasm is practically a second language to a lot of people .
The SarcMark is punctuation for those who speak it .
The SarcMark is available on iPhone , iPad , and iPod Air , on android devices , and SnapChat .
It ’s also available as a plugin and in emails using our Software .
Plus , several more platforms .
Check them out here .
( We have software and plugins for other platforms currently under development .
Stay tuned … )
Sen. Chris Dodd ( D - Conn. ) on Wednesday ripped the Senate 's " newest members " for the lack of comity in the upper chamber .
In a floor speech Wednesday night , Dodd said there is " nothing wrong " with partisanship , but added he has " been deeply disturbed by some of the [ healthcare ] debate I have heard , usually from newer members , usually those who have been here one , two , three years , who do not have an appreciation of what this chamber means and how we work together . "
ADVERTISEMENT
Dodd did not name names , and spokesmen for the Connecticut senator did not respond to requests for comment .
Most of the newest members of the Senate are Democrats , having been swept into office in the blue waves of the 2006 and 2008 elections .
One of the newest members of the upper chamber is Sen . ( D - Minn. ) , who recently did not allow Dodd 's Connecticut colleague , Sen. Joe Lieberman ( I ) , to extend his floor remarks on healthcare reform .
Franken 's office has noted that as the presiding officer , the Minnesota senator was under strict orders to keep the healthcare debate moving , which was confirmed by Senate Majority Leader 's ( D - Nev. ) office .
During his speech on Wednesday , Dodd repeatedly revisited his disappointment with the newest members of the Senate : " It is always the newest members who fail to understand how the Senate has worked for more than two centuries .
We need to get back to that sense of civility once again ...
Even though we have had very strong disagreements , I never once in my life in this chamber ever questioned the patriotic intentions of any member ... the idea you challenge another 's patriotism , honesty , their integrity , does a great disservice to this institution , in my view .
" He later added , " Again , I regret sometimes the newer members who fail to understand the importance of maintaining that which our Founders envisioned when they created this institution . "
The Obama administration gave a boost to the corn and coal industries Wednesday , announcing a series of moves to accelerate biofuel use and deploy so - called clean - coal technology on power plants .
Unveiling the actions in a meeting with energy - state governors at the White House , President Obama said the steps would create jobs in rural areas , reduce foreign energy dependence and curb the emissions that scientists blame for global warming .
“ It ’s important for us to understand that in order for us to move forward with a robust energy policy , ” Obama said , “ we ’ve got to have not an either / or philosophy but a both / and philosophy -- a philosophy that says traditional sources of energy are going to continue to be important for a while , so we ’ve got to just use technologies to make them cleaner and more efficient . ”
Most notably , the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency made final a regulation that could give corn ethanol a much larger share of the renewable - fuel market mandated by Congress in 2007 .
An earlier version of the rule included a controversial calculation -- since reworked by EPA scientists -- that would have minimized corn ethanol ’s role because of concerns about the fuel ’s overall pollution - fighting credentials .
The administration said the EPA rule alone would lead to a $ 41.5 - billion reduction in oil imports and take the equivalent of 27 million vehicles off the road .
Administration officials also announced a revamped strategy to put the nation on track to meet the congressional mandate of 36 billion gallons of biofuel by 2022 , in hopes of fixing a government effort that officials admit has fallen short in its attempts to wean cars and trucks away from fossil fuels and move toward ethanol , biodiesel and other crop - based fuels .
The nation currently produces about 12 billion gallons of biofuel , mostly corn ethanol , and the federal government projects the country will not meet the 2022 goal .
And Obama issued a presidential memorandum to speed the development of technologies that capture and store the carbon dioxide emissions from coal plants , with a goal of bringing five to 10 commercial - scale projects on line by 2016 .
Many industry groups cheered the decisions , particularly corn-ethanol boosters , who have lobbied heavily for an expanded corn role under the EPA ’s renewable - fuel standard .
Under a draft of the regulation released last year , EPA scientists determined that corn ethanol produced too many greenhouse gas emissions to qualify as a renewable fuel , effectively limiting the fuel ’s role to a level mandated by Congress .
The finding was controversial because it included a scientifically debated calculation of the “ indirect ” land - use effects of corn ethanol production -- the idea that growing corn for fuel domestically could spur farmers overseas to cut down trees and plant crops such as soybeans .
EPA scientists revised their calculations for the final regulation to include new information on crop productivity and a more global view of indirect land - use effects , and they concluded corn ethanol produced in the most energy - efficient manner would in fact meet the emissions standard , EPA Administrator Lisa P. Jackson said .
“ We were n’t trying to appease any particular industry or reach any particular outcome , ” she said .
“ Based on what we know now , there is no basis to exclude these fuels . ”
Some environmental groups praised the EPA for continuing to factor indirect land use into the calculation , despite pressure to exclude it .
Despite the announcements , ethanol and corn futures slumped on the Chicago Board of Trade .
Denatured ethanol for February delivery fell 1.9 cents , or 1.1 % , to $ 1.785 a gallon .
Corn for March delivery fell 12 cents to $ 3.53 a bushel .
jtankersley@latimes.com
As the outcry over Google Buzz 's privacy has shown us , it 's smart to explore settings in Gmail , along with other places you 're sharing data with the search giant .
Let 's take a look at 10 privacy , convenience , and annoyance fixers you should know .
Advertisement
10 .
Turn off auto - displayed pictures from Gmail contacts
Advertisement
By default , Gmail hides images embedded into emails from chain letters and unknown sources — and that 's a smart move , given spammers ' tracking tactics and malware tendencies .
But it still shows images from contacts you 've previously sent mail to , which can be a pain if you 've got relatives who just love hi-larious forwards .
Head to your Settings page , and look for the " external content " setting , which you can switch off to always ask you to confirm showing images in any email .
If you 've got just a handful of offenders , open up one of the egregious emails , hit the " Show details " link near the bottom of the to / from / subject details , and click the " do n't display from now on " link .
( Original post )
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
9. Fine - tune Google Apps for your domain
Advertisement
Google Apps , formerly know as Apps for Your Domain , has a lot of goodies tucked inside it for anyone who owns their own site , runs a family name domain , or operates a small business .
Unlike Gmail , however , the new features and disabled offerings are n't as apparent ( or blogged about ) .
Gina gave us a great tour of Google Apps , showing how you can control privacy and access , choose which Labs features make it into your domain 's email , and otherwise set up your site to your liking .
Trick Out Google Apps for Your Domain
You registered a domain name and set up the free Google Apps Standard Edition to get Gmail , GTalk , Read more
Advertisement
8. Prevent Android from automatically signing into Gchat
Advertisement
Simple and easy , but also easy to miss :
If you 've got an Android phone and have launched Google Talk from it just once , you might notice that you seem to catch any and all chats throughout the day .
That 's because Talk can sit in the background upon launching , ready to pick up messages .
That 's fine if that 's what you want , but if you want a choice in the matter , head to the Google Talk app , hit your Menu key , and choose Settings .
Un - check the " Automatically sign in " option , hit your back button , and then hit Menu and sign out of Google Talk .
You 'll need to sign back in if you 're downloading apps from the Market ( odd pairing , indeed ) , but you 're otherwise free to chat when you want to .
( Original post )
Advertisement
7. Turn off Buzz , Chat , and Labs in Gmail
Advertisement
Not big on Buzz ?
Chat more distracting than useful ?
Gmail Labs making your inbox feel lag -ish ?
You can kill all of them , if you 'd like , and get back just a plain vanilla inbox .
Scroll all the way to the bottom of any page inside Gmail , and at the bottom , you 'll see two links to turn Gmail 's chat sidebar and Buzz inbox on or off .
Actually , you do n't really " turn off Buzz " so much as remove it from your inbox , so be sure and check your Buzz settings at your Google Profile , if you have a Google Profile .
If Labs features seem to be slowing down , or even breaking , your Gmail experience , you can turn them off entirely by loading Gmail from this URL : https://mail.google.com/mail/?labs=0# .
Bookmark it as your main Gmail link , or title it " Gmail ( Safe Mode ) " if you 'd like to still venture into all the goodies on occasion .
6. Disable SafeSearch ( or lock it in semi-permanently )
Advertisement
Google 's SafeSearch is n't an entirely comprehensive solution to preventing impressionable eyes from the worst realms of the internet .
It is , however , a good stopgap until they learn to grow up and install other browsers , wipe out cookies , and customize user scripts .
Whether you do n't have any young ones in the house and want to turn SafeSearch off altogether or you want a complete SafeSearch lockdown on your computer , head to your search preferences , scroll down to the SafeSearch section , and find the setting that fits you .
( In Google Image Search , they 've helpfully placed the control right under the search box on your first result . )
If you want to permanently enable SafeSearch , click the " Lock SafeSearch " link — and repeat for any browsers the little ones use .
Now when they 're performing a Google search , you should see some giant Google - colored balls in the upper - right corner — or else they 've gotten too smart .
5 . Set your default SMS location
Advertisement
For those without web - connected smartphones , or at least a decent data connection , Google 's SMS service is seriously helpful — it 's how I ( used to ) get by with just an iPod touch and a standard phone .
To make it even more helpful , text set location , followed by the city and state or ZIP code where you spend the most time .
Now you can just text " weather " or " pet store " to get the skinny on what 's happening .
( Original post )
Advertisement
4. Link and integrate your apps
Advertisement
Taking off the privacy and preference hat for a moment , Google 's apps have a lot of neat settings just beneath their surface that make using them all together a tight experience .
You can turn emails into tasks , and then map those tasks on your calendar .
You can send voice messages and SMS from Google Voice to Gmail , and mark them as read when you open them there .
Gina previously ran down seven easy ways to integrate your Google apps , and even more seem to come along every week .
Advertisement
3 . Turn off Search History , logged in or not
Advertisement
If you 're logged into Google for Gmail or any other service , there 's a good chance Google 's keeping tabs on all your searches , months after you made them .
If you are n't logged in , Google 's probably still tracking and personalizing your searches based on what you previously typed in .
This one - stop solution should work for most users , but if it does n't , log into Google and head to google .com / history .
A notice at the top will tell you if you 've " paused " or otherwise stopped your search history , or else you 'll see your recent searches listed with dates and times .
You can clear out this history by hitting the " Remove items " link on the left .
If you are n't logged in , look for the " Web History " link in the upper - right corner .
From there , you can choose whether Google tracks your searches via cookie and IP address and customizes your results .
2. Back up Google apps ' data
Advertisement
For all you 've heard about Buzz , privacy , and Google this week , you still can't fault them too much for their efforts to let you take your data with you if you decide to leave their app ecosystem .
The Data Liberation Front site , a pet project from Google 's engineers , explains how you can pull your information , documents , and other data out of nearly any Google product .
Gina 's also covered some of Google 's apps in a cloud backup feature , and Adam tackled the best - at - that - time tools for Google backups in 2007 .
( Original Data Liberation Front post )
Advertisement
1. Control what Buzz says about you on the web
Advertisement
Google 's new social service Buzz showed up suddenly in everyone 's Gmail accounts this week , and right away it wanted to get you connected with the people you contact over email and chat the most .
Before you let it turn you loose , though , consider whether you want the world to see exactly who you " follow . "
Google has since improved the on / off visibility , but if you want to make sure you 're not broadcasting your inbox to the web at large , we suggest visiting your profile and checking your follower counts .
If you do n't see a profile at all , or do n't see the followed / following numbers , you 're likely in the clear , but as with many aspects of Buzz in this early stage , you can't be too careful .
And when you actually start using the thing , be careful not to broadcast private email addresses yourself .
( Original posts : Buzz update , private emails ) .
How Buzz Exposes Private Email Addresses in Replies Erick Schonfeld at tech news blog TechCrunch highlights yet another potential privacy hole in …
Read more
Advertisement
Bonus item : Open search results in new tabs
Advertisement
Lifehacker copy consigliere Dustin Luck mentions yet another reason to hit up your search preferences from time to time .
With a single click , you can choose to open the results you click on in new windows .
If you 've set up your browser the right way , those new windows become new tabs , and little research projects on Google just became far more convenient .
What settings do you always make sure are set in your own personal Google universe ?
What settings do you wish existed for better control and privacy ?
Tell us about them both in the comments .
I like to run .
It is very peaceful to go for a nice long run on a beautiful sunny day .
There are days when I feel like I can run forever .
My legs just keep moving .
On those days , I fix my eyes on a point in the distance and before I know it I am passing what I was looking at .
Other days , of course , I feel like I 'm running in Jell - O .
On those days , the end of the block looks like it is a million miles away .
Of course , that must just be a metaphor , right ?
Actually , there is growing evidence that what you are able to do with your body at any given time affects what you see .
A nice example of this work comes from a paper by Sally Linkenauger , Jessica Witt , Jeanine Stefanucci , Jonathan Bakdash , and Dennis Proffitt in the December , 2009 issue of the Journal of Experimental Psychology : Human Perception and Performance .
They had people sit at a table and judge the distance between them and a tool that was placed somewhere on the table .
For example , in one study , right - handed people sat at a table and a hammer was placed on the table .
They were to imagine picking up the hammer from the table .
On each trial of the experiment , the hammer was placed some distance away from them .
Then , they had to judge the distance between them and the hammer .
To make this judgment , the experimenter who was sitting across from them opened up a tape measure ( with the numbers facing away from the participant ) .
The participant directed the experimenter to lengthen or shorten the exposed ruler until they thought it was the same length as the distance from them to the hammer .
Now here 's the interesting part .
On some trials , the hammer was placed with the handle facing to the right , so that it would be easy to pick up the hammer by just reaching straight out for it .
On other trials , the hammer was placed with the handle facing to the left .
In order to pick up the hammer on these trials , people had to imagine reaching and turning their hand over to grasp the hammer normally .
This movement is awkward .
So , the hammer would be easier to pick up when it was on the right than when it was on the left .
When the hammer was placed so that it would be easy to grasp , people systematically judged the distances to be shorter than when the hammer was oriented so that it would be hard to grasp .
That is , the ease of picking up the hammer affected people 's judgments of how far away the hammer was in space .
Interestingly , left - handed people did not show the same pattern of data .
The left - handers judged the tool to be the same distance away regardless of whether it was oriented in a way that would make it easy to grasp or hard to grasp .
The authors point out that left - handers are usually more ambidextrous than right - handers , and so even though they were asked to imagine picking up the hammer with their left hand only , they may still perceive objects as if they will be grasped in a natural way regardless of how they are oriented .
Finally , I should point out that Dennis Proffitt and his colleagues have done a number of studies of the effects of actions on perception .
For example , they also find that people judge hills to be steeper when they are tired or weighed down by carrying a heavy backpack than when they are not .
These findings make clear that our visual system does not just give us a true picture of what is out there in the world .
Instead , the human visual system provides information that is useful for acting on the world .
It might take us a long time to reason through how likely we are to succeed at climbing a hill or running a distance or picking up a heavy tool .
By biasing our judgments of distance and steepness , though , our visual systems provide us with information that is available quickly and gives us a way of estimating whether we will succeed at a course of action .
It was an event billed as the smackdown between the baddest coal baron around and the environmental heir to the liberal Kennedy legacy , live on stage and in the heart of Appalachia mine country .
Stage right , appropriately , was Don Blankenship , chairman of Massey Energy , a meaty impassive presence , his Kentucky drawl never picking up speed or volume .
On the left , Robert F Kennedy Jr , who has spent his life defending waterways , making lawyerly argument out of staccato bursts of statistics .
The pairing at the University of Charleston was the perfect personification of America 's deep divides : Republican versus Democrat ; old industry v new , global warming denier v impassioned advocate for climate change laws .
The battle in Thursday night 's debate was over mountaintop removal mining , which blows the tops off mountains to get at thin seams of coal and of which Blankenship is the most notorious promoter .
" This is the worst environmental crime that ever happened in our history , " began Kennedy .
" It is a crime , it is a sin , and it is a moral obligation to stop this from happening . "
Companies such as Blankenship 's are detonating the explosive equivalent of a Hiroshima every week , Kennedy said .
They are ruthlessly anti-union and no longer provide jobs : 90,000 were shed in West Virginia over the past 50 years .
Worse , Kennedy revealed , Massey 's own records show 12,000 violations of pollution regulations last year .
It paid $ 20 m ( £ 12.4 m ) in environmental fines in 2006 .
But this was too many facts for Blankenship .
" It 's a bunch of rhetoric and untruths , " he returned .
" This industry is what made this country great .
If we forget that , we are going to have to learn to speak Chinese . "
Or accept early deaths , he argued , noting that expectancy in Angola is 39 years .
Or , as he suggested later in a digression on poverty in India , go through life with the indignity of not having a toilet .
Or , maybe just roll over and give in to the terrorists .
" The truth of the matter is that were it not for coal we would n't have the freedom to sit up here and ­discuss this , " Blankenship said .
The views – and debating styles – were a stark vision of the separate ­political realities in America .
in 2008 .
In 2004 , he personally spent $ 3 million on attack ads on a judge 's election .
The Obama administration and its supporters – and not least Kennedy himself – got a painful message from that other reality this week .
The Senate seat left by the death of his uncle Ted Kennedy was filled by Scott Brown , the first Republican in more than 50 years to represent Massachusetts in the Senate .
The election takes away the Democrats ' filibuster - proof majority , making it even harder for Obama to deliver on his campaign pledges to tackle global warming .
And that suits Blankenship just fine .
" When you criticise what we do as an industry , you are criticising the people that are teaching your Sunday school , that are coaching your little league , " Blankenship said , folksily .
Worryingly for Kennedy , it got the loudest applause .
Kennedy , rallying , argued that the future was green : " If we do n't switch to renewables right now we are going to be buying green technology from the Chinese for the next 100 years , the same way we have been buying oil from the Saudis for the last 100 years . "
But Blankenship was still looking to the past .
" Coal is what made the industrial revolution possible .
If windmills were the thing to do , if solar panels were , it would happen naturally . "
Oh , and global warming was a hoax , he finished .
" Anyone who says they know what the temperature of earth is going to be in 2020 or 2030 needs to be put in an asylum because they do n't .
This whole thing is designed to transfer wealth from the US to other countries . "
The university made sure the 1,000 - strong audience was evenly split .
On television afterwards , environmentalists said they were sure Kennedy won .
The miners gave it to Blankenship : Kennedy just had too many facts from all over the place , said one .
The debate changed few minds .
Ed Welch , the university president and moderator , summed it up neatly : " I do n't think there is a need for an altar call to recognise any conversions . "
The Government has rejected union proposals aimed at securing savings in the public sector pay bill without an across - the - board pay cut .
Talks between Government officials and public sector unions broke down this afternoon .
Taoiseach Brian Cowen said the Government could not agree a deal because the union 's alternative proposals would not have achieved the necessary savings .
It is believed that concerns about the political and public reaction to the issue of unpaid leave were a key factor .
' The Government is clear that the public service pay bill must make a significant and proportionate contribution to the necessary adjustment in the public finances in 2010 and subsequent years , ' said Taoiseach Brian Cowen .
' Unfortunately , the proposals put to Government do not provide an acceptable alternative to pay cuts .
The Taoiseach said the Government had facilitated the unions in good faith and understood their disappointment .
But he said he made no apologies for engaging with them .
Read the Taoiseach 's full statement
The Irish Congress of Trade Unions said it noted with astonishment and deep regret the Government 's decision to terminate discussions .
' That this decision was taken following a hostile campaign of opposition to the proposals before they could be either finalised or explained is inexplicable , ' said ICTU General Secretary David Begg .
Chief union negotiator and IMPACT General Secretary Peter McLoone confirmed that the talks broke down because the Government could not agree a deal because of the controversy over the unpaid leave proposal .
He said the Government had lost ' a glorious opportunity ' to achieve the transformation of the public service that it wanted .
Reports that deal was close
Earlier , it had been reported that Government officials and trade unions negotiators were close to reaching an overall agreement on radical change in the public sector including savings of € 1.3bn .
Unions will have to now wait until Wednesday to see how savings will be made .
Speaking later on RTÉ’s Six - One News , the Taoiseach said he still believes in partnership despite the breakdown in talks .
Mr Cowen said he was disappointed the partners were not able to find the basis for agreement on this occasion .
He said the parties should work together even if they could not agree on this particular issue .
Mr Cowen said the Government would probably have to see a reduction of about 5 % or 6 % in public service pay .
That would be announced in the Budget .
Trade unions leaders have disputed Mr Cowen 's comments that measures proposed by unions would not have delivered savings of € 1.3bn .
At a press conference this evening Mr McLoone said : ' I can not see anyway how they [ the Government ] could make that statement .
That is shifting the goal posts .
' There is failure and that is a huge disappointment .
We will deal on Monday with where we go from here . '
When asked about the prospect of industrial action he said : ' Disputes do n't aid resolution of the crisis . '
IBEC Director General Danny McCoy said : ' While disappointed that agreement could not be reached on the necessary savings , it remains crucial that the government sets out a credible budget on Wednesday that delivers the necessary cuts in public expenditure rather than increasing taxes .
' The stabilisation of the public finances will provide the necessary platform for economic recovery and much needed job creation . '
Working today on web developer addon of firefox , found some really cool features apart from outline element , edit css , remove cache etc .
That means this web developer addon made by chris is a bundle of several other important small firefox addons which you might be missing .
Lets start the list of features and if you are an smart front end developer , you would make use of every feature and uninstall all other equivalent addons .
Feature 1 : Edit HTML Live
.
Feature 2 : Color Picker / info
.
Feature 3 : Page weight / size
.
Feature 4 : Show Grid
.
Feature 5 : Show Ruler / Measure
.
Feature 6 : Display Window size Live Preview
.
Feature 7 : Disable All Javascript
.
Feature 8 : Hide Background Images
.
Feature 9 : Javascript Debugger
.
Interesting .
Cheers !!
Okay so here 's the deal .
I SHOULD HAVE spent today working on a comic , but instead I was a moron and took a nap and then went to a dinner party with some friends .
Now it 's 2:30 in the morning and I 'm fucking exhausted and can't think of anything funny .
So you guys get to see the redrawn version of QC # 3 that is going to go in the first QC book instead of a new comic , because I need to get some sleep .
Jeph 's wife says :
The truth is that Jeph spent hours and hours both yesterday and today trying to write a script with which he could be happy , but had no luck .
He is feeling pretty shitty right now about not being able to come up with anything , but I am sure that he will feel much better tomorrow .
Jeph 's brain just really , really wanted to take President 's Day off .
Regular QC will resume tomorrow !
Prime Minister Stephen Harper , in Wabamun , Alta. , announces funding for the carbon capture project west of Edmonton .
( ( CBC ) )
The federal and Alberta governments pledged $ 769 million on Wednesday to retrofit a coal - fired electricity generation plant to capture and store some of the carbon dioxide generated from the project .
" Our government is determined that Canada remain a world leader in in the use of this state - of - the - art technology , " Prime Minister Stephen Harper said in Wabamun , west of Edmonton .
" Carbon capture and storage could not only drastically reduce our emissions but by exporting it to other countries we could also make a major contribution to the reduction of global emissions . "
The Alberta government has signed a letter of intent with energy company TransAlta to build Project Pioneer at the Keephills 3 plant west of Edmonton , which Premier Ed Stelmach said will be among the first of its kind in the world .
" It 'll be the first major CCS project to involve coal - fired power generation and the potential for such a project is enormous , " Stelmach said .
" Coal is the most abundant fossil fuel and the most commonly used source of electricity in the world . "
Not only will the project reduce emissions at the plant , Stelmach said , the technology may also be used to retrofit other coal - fired plants around the world .
Using chilled ammonia
Alberta will spend $ 436 million over the next 15 years on the project , with most of the money coming from its $ 2 - billion Carbon Capture and Storage Fund .
Ottawa is kicking in $ 343 million from its Clean Energy Fund .
The CO2 , which will be captured using a chilled ammonia process , will be injected 2,600 to 2,800 metres underground to permanently store it near the plant .
According to the proposal , the technology will capture up to one million tonnes of CO2 a year starting in 2015 .
This is the second carbon - capture announcement in Alberta in the past seven days .
On Thursday , Ottawa and Alberta pledged $ 865 million to the Shell Quest project that will use carbon - capture technology to reduce greenhouse gas emissions at the Shell Scotford upgrader east of Edmonton .
Scientists have discovered a protein that could be key to the development of new treatment of glioblastoma multiforme , the type of brain cancer that killed the late Senator Ted Kennedy .
Glioblastoma multiforme is one of the most common and aggressive brain tumors found in adults .
Approximately 10,000 people are diagnosed with glioblastoma multiforme in the United States each year .
According to the International RadioSurgery Association , glioblastoma multiforme is a grade IV tumor , the most aggressive type of tumor because they contain more than one cell type .
While one cell type may die in response to a specific treatment , the other cell types may continue to grow and multiple , which makes this form of brain tumor very difficult to treat .
Glioblastomas comprise 23 percent of primary brain tumors in the United States , and they are the most commonly diagnosed brain tumor in adults aged 45 to 74 .
Symptoms can include increasing signs of mental dysfunction , new seizures , and persistent headaches .
Men develop this form of brain cancer more often than do women .
About 50 percent of patients do not survive for more than one year after diagnosis .
Advertisement
Follow eMaxHealth on YouTube , Twitter and Facebook Please , click to subscribe to our Youtube Channel to be notified about upcoming health and food tips .
Given this grim scenario , scientists at the University of Central Florida were excited to discover a protein that appears to play a significant role in tumor growth in glioblastoma multiforme .
The protein , TRPC6 , is found in most if not all cells in the body , and its task is to promote cell growth during development of the central nervous system .
Experiments run on cancerous brain tissue by Sic L. Chan , assistant professor of neuroscience at the University of Central Florida , and his team revealed that this protein in strongly expressed and functional in brain tumor cells .
The scientists discovered that they could stop the growth and spread of tumors by stopping the expression of TRPC6 .
Treatment of glioblastoma multiforme consists of surgical removal of the tumor followed by radiation and chemotherapy .
At the American Society for Radiation Oncology meeting in Chicago in November 2009 , investigators reported on a new type of imaging called MR spectroscopy coupled with high dose radiation in the form of gamma knife radiosurgery for treatment of glioblastoma multiforme .
The scientists found that patients who underwent this novel surgery had an increase in survival by nearly four months compared with patients who were treated with traditional radiotherapy alone .
The National Cancer Institute reports an estimated 22,070 new cases of brain cancer and other nervous system cancers in the United States in 2009 , with nearly 13,000 deaths .
The work by Dr. Chan and his team is making headway in one sector of brain and nervous system cancers .
He noted that their discovery about the protein TRPC6 “ may be a promising therapeutic target in the treatment of human GBM [ glioblastoma multiforme ] . ”
SOURCES :
International RadioSurgery Association
National Cancer Institute
University of Central Florida ( Jan. 1 , 2010 ) , retrieved Jan. 2 , 2010 from ScienceDaily
University Hospitals Case Medical Center ( Nov. 3 , 2009 ) , retrieved Jan. 2 , 2010 from ScienceDaily
Former Time Lord Sylvester McCoy has sensationally claimed that during his tenancy of the Tardis he and left - wing scriptwriters attempted to otherthrow the government of Margaret Thatcher .
According to the Sunday Times , both McCoy ( pictured ) and script editor Andrew Cartmel admitted the sinister scheme , which was hatched when the former filled the Doctor 's shoes three months after Thatcher 's 1987 third election victory .
McCoy recounted : “ The idea of bringing politics into Doctor Who was deliberate , but we had to do it very quietly and certainly did n’t shout about it .
" We were a group of politically motivated people and it seemed the right thing to do .
Our feeling was that Margaret Thatcher was far more terrifying than any monster the Doctor had encountered . "
Cartmel recalled his reponse to Who producer John Nathan - Turner , who asked him what he hoped to achieve as script editor .
He said : " My exact words were : I 'd like to overthrow the government .
I was a young firebrand and I wanted to answer honestly .
I was very angry about the social injustice in Britain under Thatcher and I 'm delighted that came into the show . "
Cartmel 's team of writing malconents included Ben Aaronovitch , son of Marxist intellectual Sam Aaronovitch , and Rona Munro , later to become a scriptwriter for filmmaker Ken Loach .
This nucleus of agitators , backed by the Who crew who " were n't very happy " with Maggie , set about undermining the Iron Lady with 1988 three - parter The Happiness Patrol , in which Sheila Hancock plays Thatcher caricature Helen A ( see pic ) , " a dictator who requires her subjects to be happy ... or die " .
They backed this body - blow with further subversion , including kids spin - off book Turlough and the Earthlink Dilemma , which has a character called Rehctaht - Thatcher spelt backwards .
Sadly , Cartmel admitted the satire went completely unnoticed .
He said : " Critics , media pundits and politicians certainly did n't pick up on what we were doing .
If we had generated controversy and become a cause célèbre we would have got a few more viewers but , sadly , nobody really noticed or cared . "
An ailing Doctor Who was canned in 1989 , while Margaret Thatcher survived until she was dethroned as PM in 1990 .
Regarding the alleged plot to bring down
Thatcher , a BBC spokesman said : “ We ’re baffled by these claims .
The BBC ’s impartiality rules applied just as strongly then as they do to programmes now . ” ®
Well this will be a teachable moment for Ms. Behar .
Joy Behar who is a fierce advocate on behalf of gay rights may have raised a few eyebrows yesterday on The View by implying that " monogamy does n't hold the same weight for gay couples as it does for straight couples " .
To Sherri & Elisabeth 's credit ( believe it or not ) they challenged the perception that monogamy is n't important in same - sex relationships and encouraged Joy to ease up on making such a broad generalization .
This discussion is particularly timely given the heated debate over loldarian.
com 's recent couple profiled in our Coupled Up series who were honest about exploring threesomes within their long term relationship .
Reactions to Behar 's comments have been mixed .
" Joy is a longtime LGBT advocate , and these comments ( which she qualified as being just her own understanding ) do n't at all change that .
They simply highlight our continued need to bust down old stereotypes which paint " gay " as one certain thing .
She seemed more than open to the possibility that she was off -- so this is an opportunity to inform , not chastise " , notes blogger Jeremy Hooper of Good As You I think if we were to be honest about what really happens in our relationships , both straight and gay , we would find out that the traditional model simply does n't work for everyone .
But in our desire as gays & lesbians for our lives & relationships to not be viewed as the " other " we 've adopted the heterosexual model that is clearly failing them .
I 'm sure you have an opinion on this so let it rip .
Bill Moyers talks to Thomas Frank about whether the Republicans are headed for some victories this coming election due to our collective memory loss about how horrid the Republicans are at governing , sadly enabled by the Democratic leadership which looks clueless as how to counter it all too often .
From Moyers ' report :
On BILL MOYERS JOURNAL , Frank looks into the not - so - distant past to describe what America looked like before the time of President Obama , focusing on the last ten years , which he 's called " A Low , Dishonest Decade " in a recent column for the WALL STREET JOURNAL .
Frank believes that many of the crises that afflicted America during the oughts should be laid at the feet of the conservative movement .
Frank 's list is long : the inadequate response to Katrina ; the Enron , Abramoff and Madoff scandals ; the mismanaged Iraqi reconstruction ; two mismanaged and unpopular wars ; and the 2008 financial disaster .
Frank argues that it can all be traced back to an intentional dismantling of the government 's oversight infrastructure , driven by a belief that government is always bad : " This is why the wreckage that I 've described can't be separated from the conservative ideology and the conservative movement , generally : Because of their hatred of big government and their disdain and contempt for the federal workforce . "
But according to Frank , the financial disaster has wiped clean Americans ' memories .
They are mad at the bankers and mad about the economy , and conservatives may ride a wave of populist outrage back into power .
Will Rogers once said , " The short memories of American voters is what keeps our politicians in office . "
But as Democrats face what many believe will be a tough mid-term election , historian Thomas Frank argues that it might just be the other way around for incumbent Democrats .
The Republican Party , which lost Congress and the White House in the last four years , may be poised for a comeback .
A comeback Frank believes is only possible because Americans have forgotten what their country looked like under conservative rule , " That 's the disease of our time ... that sort of instant forgetting . "
Full transcript below the fold .
BILL MOYERS : How is it that the people who are responsible for the mess that Obama inherited are getting away with demonizing him when he 's only had less than a year to clean it up .
Let me show you just a sample of commentators railing against the President .
RUSH LIMBAUGH : President Obama and the Democrats are destroying the US economy .
They are purposefully doing it , I believe .
GLENN BECK : This is a well - thought out plan to collapse the economy as we know it .
JONATHAN HOENIG :
The president has , I think if you listen to what he says , a hatred for capitalism .
Where do jobs come from ?
They do n't come from the government , they come from the profit seeking self - interest , from what I hear and see , the President never misses an opportunity to smear and [ no audio ] slap !
RUSH LIMBAUGH :
This guy is a coward .
He does not have the gonads or the spine to even stand up and accept what he 's doing !
All of this is his doing .
He cannot even probably say , you should like this -- you may not like this , but I 'm telling you it 's the best thing for you , it 's the best thing for me .
No !
He knows it 's a disaster , he has to slough this off , on his previous -- or his predecessor , the previous administration .
SEAN HANNITY : It 's his stimulus .
It 's his record deficit spending .
He quadrupled the debt in a year .
You know , how many more are the Democrats going to say , " Well , it 's George Bush 's fault " ?
This is Obama 's economy now .
BILL MOYERS : What goes through your mind as a historian when you watch that ?
THOMAS FRANK : Well , that is America for you .
I mean , that is the , sort of the demented logic of our politics .
Is that now -- Obama 's been President for a year .
And he will come before the public in the fall , you know , having to defend all of these terrible things .
That 's how our politics works in this country .
BILL MOYERS : But you called it demented .
I mean , you know , demented means crazy , mad .
Mad and crazy enough to cause us to forget the world before Obama ?
THOMAS FRANK : I 'll give you an example what I mean .
So , I was on a radio show the other day with a tea party leader , you know , one of these protest leaders .
And he seemed like a good guy .
But what he did say that struck me was he said he was really against monopoly , you know ?
And we 're laboring under all these monopolies , all these concentrated powers here in America .
And what we need to do is get back to free markets .
And then we can do away with that .
And it was mind - blowing .
Because if you look back any further than the Obama Administration , since , I mean , 1980 in this country , we have been in the grip of , you know , of this pursuit of ever - purer free markets .
That 's what American politics has been about .
That 's what has delivered this , you know , the awful circumstances that we find ourselves in today .
And to think that that 's what 's missing , that 's what we need to get back to , is --
BILL MOYERS : That 's more than nostalgia .
What is that ?
THOMAS FRANK : Well , that 's the disease of our time .
You know , that sort of instant forgetting .
BILL MOYERS : But what does it do to our politics when the very spokesmen for what some people have called a decade of conservative failure .
I mean , remember before Obama , they turned a budget surplus into a deficit .
They took us to war on fraudulent pretenses .
They borrowed money to fight it .
They presided over a stalemate in Afghanistan .
They trashed the Constitution .
They presided over the weakest economy in decades --
THOMAS FRANK : Not weak for everybody .
BILL MOYERS : No , no .
THOMAS FRANK : Some people did really well .
BILL MOYERS : Okay , they compiled the worst track record on jobs in decades .
And they ended up with the worst stock market in decades .
I mean , it was a decade of conservative failure .
And yet , Obama 's their villain ?
THOMAS FRANK :
Think of all the crises and the disasters that you 've described .
And I would add to them things like the , what happened in New Orleans after Hurricane Katrina .
And the Madoff scandal on Wall Street .
And , you know , on and on and on .
The Jack Abramoff scandal .
The whole sordid career of Tom DeLay .
All of these things that we remember from the last decade .
I mean , some of them that we 're forgetting .
Like who remembers all the scandals over earmarking , anymore ?
And who remembers all the scandals over Iraq reconstruction ?
All that , you know , disastrous , when we would hand it off to a private contractor to rebuild Iraq .
And it would , you know , of course , it would fail .
Those things have all sort of been dwarfed by the economic disaster and the wreckage on Wall Street .
But I would say to you that all of these things that we 're describing here are of a piece .
And that they all flow from the same ideas .
And those ideas are the sort of conservative attitude towards government .
And conservative attitudes towards governance .
Okay ?
BILL MOYERS : That government is a perversion .
THOMAS FRANK : Government is -- yeah , government is a perversion .
And to believe that the federal government can be operated , you know , with all of its programs , can be operated well and do things that are good for the people , is , as you say , is a perversion .
And they look at someone like Barack Obama and it makes them seethe .
Because that 's , you know , that 's what he 's trying to do .
What conservatism in this country is about is government failure .
Conservatives talk about government failure all the time , constantly .
And conservatives , when they 're in power deliver government failure .
BILL MOYERS : Not merely from incompetence , you say , but from ideology , from philosophy , from a view of the world .
THOMAS FRANK : And sometimes from design .
BILL MOYERS : From design ?
What do you mean ?
THOMAS FRANK : Not always from design , but often .
The Department of Labor , for example , the conservatives when they in office , routinely stuff the Department of Labor full of ideological cranks .
And people that do n't believe in the mission .
And the result is that it does n't -- they do n't enforce anything .
Towards the very end of the Bush - era , the Department of Labor had been whittled down .
It was a shell of its former self .
And at the very end of the Bush Administration , one of the government accountability programs did a study of the Department of Labor .
And , I 'm smiling , because it 's kind of amusing .
It was like an old spy magazine prank .
They made up these horrendous labor violations around the country and phoned them in as complaints to the Department of Labor to see what they would do , okay ?
They responded to one out of ten of these , you know , where they called in as like , " Well , we got , you know , kids working in a meat packing plant during school hours .
You know , can you , you going to do anything about that ? "
" No . "
Or you look at something like the Securities and Exchange Commission .
These guys are supposed to be regulating , you know , the investment banks , okay ?
Goldman Sachs , Morgan Stanley , that sort of thing .
These guys were so under - funded , and not just under - funded , but you had people in charge of it who did n't believe in regulating Wall Street .
BILL MOYERS : So , they made the Securities and Exchange Commission a laughing stock , if you will .
They really did .
THOMAS FRANK : Right .
Well , there 's these horrible stories that came out .
Once Bush was out , there was a study done of the SEC , as well .
These people did n't even have like their own functioning photocopiers , okay ?
So , we 're talking about the lawyers that are supposed to be protecting us from Wall Street .
And they have to go stand in line at Kinko's to do their own photocopying .
And they 're going up against the best paid , you know , best educated lawyers on planet Earth , who represent the investment banks .
And they 're supposed to be defending us .
BILL MOYERS :
The curious thing about this is that you and I and my audience knows that our ancestors believed that capitalism needed to be supervised .
But when the conservatives came to power , they begin to muzzle the watchdog .
THOMAS FRANK : Yeah .
Well , or you know , do away with it altogether , de-fund it .
Look , the beginning in the 1980s , President Reagan came to office and came to power , and you remember the kind of rhetoric that he used to use in denouncing the Federal workforce .
He hated the Federal workforce .
And this is an article of faith among conservatives .
There 's something called the pay gap that they used to talk about a lot in Washington , D.C.
Which is , back in the '50s , '60s , and up into the 1970s , Federal workers were paid a comparable amount to what people in the private sector earned .
Okay ?
So , if you 're a lawyer working for the government , you got about as much as a lawyer working in the private sector .
Not as much , because government benefits are considered to be much better .
Okay .
Under Reagan , you had this huge gap open up between Federal workers and the private sector .
I asked around .
And I found out a government attorney makes $ 140,000 a year on retirement .
After he 's been there all his life .
In the private sector law firm in Washington , you'd be making $ 160,000 starting salary .
That 's first year .
Right out of law school .
BILL MOYERS : So what 's the consequence of this pay gap you described ?
Or , do we get inferior government because of it ?
THOMAS FRANK : Absolutely .
It keeps the best and the brightest out of government service , unless you 're really dedicated to a cause .
But let me go one step further with this , Bill .
When I say this is done by design , I 'm not exaggerating .
And this is one of the more surprising things that I found when I was doing the research for " The Wrecking Crew , " is that there 's a whole conservative literature on why you want second - rate people in government , or third - rate .
I found an interview with the head of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce from 1928 , where he said -- this quote , it 's mind - boggling to me .
But he really said this .
" The best public servant is the worst one . "
Okay ?
You want bad people in government .
You want to deliberately staff government with second - rate people .
Because if you have good people in government , government will work .
And then the public will learn to trust government .
And then they 'll hand over more power to it .
And you do n't want that , of course .
Your Chamber of Commerce .
And I thought , when I first read this , " That 's a crazy idea .
I can't believe that sentiment . "
And then I found it repeated again and again and again .
Throughout the long history of the conservative movement .
This is something they believe very deeply .
BILL MOYERS :
It comes out of a definitive way of seeing things , right ?
THOMAS FRANK : Yes .
And we can summarize that very briefly .
That the market is the , you know , is the universal principle of human civilization .
And that government is a kind of interloper , if not a , you know , criminal gang .
And getting in the way .
BILL MOYERS : But we saw with this collapse and this bailout , we saw the failure of that .
THOMAS FRANK : Of course .
BILL MOYERS : And yet there 's no sense of contrition .
What 's amazing to me , and you wrote this , that the very people who brought us this decade of conservative failures , the party of Palin , Beck , Hannity , Abramoff , Rove , DeLay , Kristol , O'Reilly , just might stage a comeback .
THOMAS FRANK : I think they might .
I think there 's a very strong chance of that .
BILL MOYERS : After only 11 months out of power , because of the record .
I mean --
THOMAS FRANK : Look , well , the stuff --
BILL MOYERS : -- it 's crazy .
THOMAS FRANK : -- the stuff we 've been talking about here today .
The stuff in " The Wrecking Crew , " that 's all forgotten .
The financial crisis had that effect of -- that stuff is now off the -- down the memory hole
BILL MOYERS : Do you really think they believe that unfettered capitalism , unregulated markets , will deliver an ideal democracy and prosperity for everybody ?
THOMAS FRANK : No , I do n't .
I think that they believe that , and to some degree , they 're sincere in that belief .
But the conservative movement in Washington , I 'm not talking about grassroots voters in Kansas here .
I 'm talking about the conservative movement in Washington .
And the whole constellation of think tanks and lobby shops and not - for - profits .
And , you know , newspapers and fundraisers and all of this stuff .
They believe this is an industry , okay ?
This is an industry that churns out this product .
And one of the things that , I mean , it 's one of the things that they 're doing now is they excommunicate George W. Bush , deeply unpopular , so therefore , not a true conservative , right ?
So , that way they get to start over fresh .
The problem with George W. Bush , the reason we 're in such a deep hole is that we never went far enough .
As Tom DeLay has said , in his newspaper column , and I 'm paraphrasing here .
The problem with conservatism is n't that it was tried and failed .
It 's that it never really got -- we never really tried it in the first place .
So , what we have to do -- and I 've heard , conservatives have said this .
" What we have to do is go back and deregulate all the way .
We have to , you know , slash government .
We have to tear that thing down .
That 's what it 's all about . "
And the amazing thing about this .
This allows them to represent themselves as dissidents against the sort of established order in Washington .
Even though they ran the established order for years and years and years and years .
The content on this page is accurate as of the posting date ; however , some of our partner offers may have expired .
Please review our list of best credit cards , or use our CardMatch ™ tool to find cards matched to your needs .
Think you can astonish a credit counselor with your $ 20,000 credit card debt ?
Not a chance .
They ’ve seen it all — from shopping divas who outspend their incomes to clients who have severe gut reactions once all their hidden debt is revealed .
These seasoned financial professionals , all working for nonprofit member organizations from either the National Foundation for Credit Counseling or the Association of Independent Consumer Credit Counseling Agencies , have stories to tell .
Here are just a few true money tales from behind closed doors .
Some names and locations have been changed to protect clients ’ identity .
A gut reaction .
After years of ignoring debt , discovering how dire it ’s become can be pretty distressing .
But to get physically ill ?
Credit counselor Scott Monroe from Phoenix was on the receiving end of what can happen when figures are finally totaled .
His client came in with a bag bursting with unopened bills .
“ Even in the beginning , she was n’t looking too lively .
Her voice was lowered to the point where almost no sound was coming out . ”
Monroe had her open the envelopes ( a technique used to help borrowers gain ownership over their situation ) and recite the balances as he added them up .
“ When it reached over $ 35,000 , she had this look on her face — something very unpleasant was about to happen .
I grabbed the trash can , but it was too late .
She threw up all over my desk . ”
Monroe rescheduled the session until she was feeling up to the task .
How can I possibly budget when I spend more than I have coming in ?!
San Diego credit counseling client
who was spending $ 100,000 a year over her salary
What do you mean I have to budget ?
Spending problems are not always easy to recognize or admit , as San Diego counselor Ellen O’Neill knows well .
One particular client had an especially hard time accepting living within her income .
During the session , O’Neill found out the woman was spending a jaw - dropping $ 100,000 each year more than her annual salary .
To stay afloat , she had been drawing equity from her house — and paid the home loans off with her credit cards .
When O’Neill explained the danger of this behavior , and that she needed to budget , the client ’s response nearly left her speechless .
“ How can I possibly budget when I spend more than I have coming in ?! , ” she asked , haughtily .
O’Neill did her best to remain calm and reasonable .
“ I told her that was a valid point , but she still had to spend within her means . ”
And ultimately , that ’s what she helped the client do .
. Counselors are accustomed to cleaning up debt messes — but bird fallout is not the norm .
Mike Ruehle , from Boulder , Colo. , recalls a client who arrived with a large parrot .
“ During the session , the bird sat on his shoulder and pooped down the front of the client ’s shirt .
The client did not react negatively to the action ; in fact , it all seemed to be quite normal for him . ”
Because the gentleman was out of work , Ruehle did his best to prepare him for job seeking .
“ At that time , our agency had a special program for the unemployed .
I had the pleasure of trying to help this guy compose a resume with the bird on his shoulder . ”
Moreover , said Ruehle , “ this client wanted to work in a grocery store and thought he was entitled to take his bird to work with him .
Divorce at the desk .
Couples can make for challenging sessions , but none so dramatic as another of Monroe ’s .
“ A married couple came in , and it started out normal , pleasant .
I immediately got the sense that the wife was in charge . ”
Monroe evaluated the budget and creditors .
“ There were only five statements .
Because the husband barely said anything , I turned to him and asked if there was anything else .
Up from his briefcase he pulls a bag packed with papers , all bills .
The wife was in shock .
If looks could kill … He had roughly $ 80,000 in debt she did n’t know about . ”
The husband had been trying to support a lifestyle he could n’t afford , started gambling , lost his job and took out cash advances to pay for it all .
The statements went to his post office box .
He left the house each morning , pretending to go to work .
“ I wish I could have crawled away , but tried to stick to the debt and go over possibilities . ”
Monroe gave them referrals for marriage counseling .
Animal story No. 2 : The mouse .
Rodents can be terrific pets — but not for people who are terrified of them .
Which is why Denise Benioff , a counselor out of Dallas , cites the following as her most memorable appointment : “ A client came in for a progress review and explained that her pet mouse had a medical issue and the vet bill was over $ 200 ! ”
She wanted to reduce her creditor payments to cover the cost and asked Benioff if she wanted to see the animal .
“ Since I have an irrational phobia about mice , I politely declined .
Unfortunately for me , she set the mouse right on my desk .
After a loud gasp and a potential panic attack , I tried to compose myself while pushing myself back against the wall .
I think she understood my reaction and put the mouse back in her coat . ”
The critter stayed home for future reviews .
The wife was in shock .
If looks can kill … he had roughly $ 80,000 in debt she did n’t know about .
— Credit counselor Scott Monroe from Phoenix
Looking for miracles .
Many clients hope for a magic solution to their problems , making realistic options difficult to propose .
Andrew Bernstein , from West Palm Beach , Fla. , remembers a resistant - but - broke big spender .
The client had been earning a great salary but was told a year before that his job would be eliminated ( and even then owed $ 250,000 in debt ) .
In the months prior to the layoff , he purchased a house , a car and other expensive items .
“ He had used up all his credit and now , having no money and no real job prospects , he wanted to take care of his debt . ”
Bernstein proposed bankruptcy , but the man said he could n’t afford an attorney .
Outside of getting a job , the client ’s solutions were few .
“ When I told the guy , he got terribly angry and said the ad he saw claimed that we could assist anybody . ”
Remaining composed , Bernstein advised him that the best thing to do , then , is to start paying everyone whatever he could afford .
“ I do n’t know what he did after he hung up with me , ” he says , who turned the experience into educational gold : “ I ’ve used it in my financial literacy seminars for the past eight years ! ”
After a few years on the job , credit counselors can handle pretty much any type of financial dilemma .
Do n’t put off getting help because you ’re afraid to reveal what ’s been going on .
Unless you bring an elephant into the room , your circumstances are probably quite ordinary .
See related : Income down , bills up .
Time for credit counseling ? , 8 steps to picking a credit counselor ? , Credit card video :
How to pick the right credit counseling agency
Jacob Zuma , the polygamous president of South Africa , is to gain his third first lady in a traditional Zulu wedding on Monday .
Zuma , 67 , will marry Tobeka Madiba in a private family ceremony at his homestead in rural KwaZulu - Natal province , the president 's office confirmed .
Madiba , 36 , will be Zuma 's third current wife and his fifth marriage overall .
He is also reported to be engaged to another woman .
The Zulu tribe , the biggest ethnic group in South Africa , practises polygamy by tradition .
Zuma once told an interviewer : " There are plenty of politicians who have mistresses and children that they hide so as to pretend they 're monogamous .
I prefer to be open .
I love my wives and I 'm proud of my children . "
The wedding is scheduled for 6 am local time and goats and sheep have been slaughtered for the feast , South Africa 's Sunday Times newspaper reported .
Zuma is expected to vow to love and protect Madiba , with whom he has three children , in a Zulu ceremony known as udwendwe .
She will become South Africa 's third first lady , joining Sizakele Khumalo - Zuma , whom Zuma has known for 50 years and married in 1973 , and Nompumelelo Ntuli - Zuma , whom he married two years ago .
There were two further wives who are no longer with him .
He divorced Nkosazana Dlamini - Zuma , now home affairs minister , in 1998 .
Kate Mantsho Zuma killed herself in 2000 , after describing her marriage to him as " 24 years of hell " .
Zuma is said to have more than 10 children , and possibly as many as 19 .
Zuma has paid lobolo to the family of Madiba , described as a socialite from Durban , as custom demands .
She has attended official events with the president but it appears the wedding has been postponed until now because of Zuma 's work commitments .
He was elected president in April .
No known date has been set for what could be Zuma 's sixth wedding .
Gloria Bongi Ngema is understood to have presented umbondo ( gifts ) to the Zuma family last week , customarily a precursor to marriage .
Originally from Durban , Ngema works for IBM in Johannesburg and has a son with Zuma named Sinqumo .
South African law recognises multiple marriages , although fewer young South Africans are entering into them because they are seen as expensive and old - fashioned .
The cultural practices of Zulus and other groups are protected by the constitution .
Zuma played up his Zulu heritage during the election campaign and spent Christmas at his homestead in Nkandla , in KwaZulu - Natal .
He relaxed by shooting birds with a slingshot , drinking umqombothi ( traditional beer ) and taking part in a chess tournament .
It emerged this month that a reported R65 m ( £ 5.3 m ) expansion of the Nkandla residence is under way with new houses being built to accommodate Zuma 's three wives .
Jeremy Gordin , Zuma 's biographer , said he was surprised how little attention Zuma 's latest wedding had received .
" I find it interesting that there were all kinds of people making belligerent comments on his polygamy , but that died down after the election . "
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos !
Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured , along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer .
2010 February 6
Hong Kong Sky
Credit & Copyright : Peter Lau
Explanation :
This remarkable scene combines multiple exposures recorded on the evening of January 18th from a waterside perspective in Hong Kong , China .
It follows a young crescent Moon , with brilliant planet Jupiter to its left , as they set together in the western sky .
Their two luminous trails are faintly paralleled by trails of background stars .
But easier to pick out are the short , bright airplane trails converging toward the horizon and the Hong Kong International Airport that seem to offer a frenzied imitation of the celestial tracks .
Of course , the reflection of city lights and boat traffic follows the water 's surface .
Streaking car lights define the span of the cable - stayed Ting Kau bridge .
World Cup games to be filmed in 3D
3DTV still requires viewers to use glasses to watch shows
The 2010 World Cup in South Africa will be filmed in 3D for the first time , it has been announced .
Up to 25 of the games will be captured using 3D cameras , football 's governing body Fifa said .
Although it has no definite plans to broadcast the matches live in 3D , Fifa said it was a possibility and would be decided in " the coming months " .
Initially , it said , footage will also be shown at public events in seven cities around the world .
The footage will also be packaged into a film .
Sony technology will be used to film the games , although the firm has not confirmed details of the specific technology it will use .
Sporting firsts
The majority of existing 3D set - ups use two - camera systems to record images tailored specifically for the left and right eye of the viewer .
Special polarised glasses are then used to view the image .
However , earlier this year , the Japanese firm unveiled a single - lens camera , which it said was especially suited for sporting events .
The camera takes a single image that is split by mirrors and recorded on two sensors .
3D technology has been used to capture special events before , such as the Queen 's Coronation .
However , regular and widespread use of the technology is still in its infancy .
Now , analysts believe the technology is on the cusp of becoming mainstream and believe the World Cup could play an important role in take - up of the technology .
" Global sporting events ... are very important drivers of new technology , particularly in the TV market " , said Tom Morrod , Senior Analyst at Screen Digest .
The firm predicts there may be 13.6 m 3D TV sets installed in Europe by 2013 .
In 2008 , the BBC broadcast the world 's first live sporting event in 3D , beaming back an England vs. Scotland game from the Six Nations to a cinema in London .
The corporation 's director of London 2012 , Roger Mosey , has said there are also plans to capture some of the Olympics in 3D .
In July this year , broadcaster Sky said that it would launch " the UK's first 3D channel " by 2010 .
It has also hinted that it may launch a sports channel which could include Premier League Football in 3D .
The World Cup begins on the 11 June 2010 .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
One of the most hyped features of Bioware ’s upcoming Mass Effect 2 ( and the expected sequel after it , ) is the ability to transfer character and story data from the original Mass Effect over into the new gameplay and plotline .
Chris Priestly of Bioware has recently issued a statement concerning the mechanic , including a few hints on the possible implications the save data could have on the sequel .
From the press statement :
Up until now we have only discussed the plot impacts of this feature , however , there are also certain gameplay perks as well .
If you finished ME1 as a high level character you will receive greater bonuses than those who finished at lower levels .
Ex , if you finished ME1 as a level 35 character , you will receive a bonus , but if you finished ME1 as a level 50 character , your bonus will be larger .
That being said these bonuses will not put new playthrough characters at a severe disadvantage .
For example , some of these bonuses include a monetary boost at the start of the game , or additional research resources for use at the Normandy ’s Tech Lab .
Another perk is if you finished the game as a Paragon or Renegade , part of your alignment will carry over making it easier to access certain dialogue options .
Pat Robertson :
" Liquor Officer "
In 1986 , a new force emerged in US politics that would , in the 1994 elections , result in a major change in the alignment of the US Congress -- the " Christian right " -- an assortment and loose coalition of " Christian " organizations working , in their view , to bring about a " Christian " America .
In fact , they are working to bring about an America that fits their narrow definition of America .
These people are neither " Christian " nor " right . "
Instead , they are dictatorial , mean - spirited , and intolerant .
Their principal leader is one Pat Robertson .
No doubt you have seen Robertson on his television show , the " 700 Club " where , among other outrageous claims , Robertson claims to occasionally receive messages from God .
It works -- Robertson raises huge amounts of money from the misled faithful .
I recommend that anyone who wishes to learn the facts about Robertson read this book : The Most Dangerous Man in America : Pat Robertson and the Christian Coalition , by Robert Boston .
( 1996 ; Prometheus Books , 59 John Glenn drive , Amherst , NY 14228-2197 )
In his 1986 presidential campaign , Robertson claimed that he was a " combat Marine " who had served in combat during the Korean War .
This claim was a lie , typical of others told by Robertson .
However , this was one lie that he could not get away with -- there were Marines who knew Robertson and who knew the truth .
The following is a chapter from the book The Taking of Hill 610 And Other Essays on Friendship , by Paul N. McCloskey , Jr. ( 1992 ; Eaglet Books , 580 Mountain Home Road , Woodside , CA 94062 ) .
In this chapter , the author lays out the facts of Robertson 's Marine Corps service .
Pat Robertson 's father was a US senator who intervened with the Marine Corps to have his son assigned to duty in the rear , away from combat .
Robertson served in Korea as the " liquor officer " -- responsible for keeping the officers ' clubs supplied with liquor .
There he also was known to drink himself and to frequent prostitutes -- he even feared that he had contracted gonorrhea .
Here is a word describing what you are about to read :
I scanned the pages from the book , Chapter 12 , " The Liquor Officer . "
I have reproduced the first page as an image ; the remainder of the chapter I converted to text to save file space as the scanned images require over 1 meg of space each .
You will find tan horizontal lines inserted in the text -- these designate page breaks in the book .
The entire chapter , complete with footnotes , is reproduced below .
The text is reproduced exactly as it is in the original ; any grammatical , editorial , or spelling errors are from the original publication .
( Begin text portion ) Bush and Dole considered themselves lucky if they could obtain one out of five hundred Republicans to do volunteer work in their campaigns ; three hundred volunteers in a congressional district of 500,000 people would be an enormous number ... usually enough to outstrip any opposing candidate .
Robertson knew he could get 1,000 dedicated evangelists in most of America 's 435 congressional districts , and if he could n't , they could be brought in by bus from bible - belt areas to dominate straw - vote conventions .
The television pulpit was a bully place from which to organize .
There were enough examples of political corruption , increasing drug use and loose morals on the national scene to cause millions of people to yearn for a return to the good old fashioned religious values as defined by articulate television personalities such as Robertson , Jimmy Swaggart and Jimmy Bakker .
Robertson planned carefully and well .
His announcement of his potential candidacy in September , 1986 , brought forth a tremendous outpouring of cash contributions .
He seemed to have all the qualifications the nation yearned for .
In his autobiography he had noted his superb academic achievements , Phi Beta Kappa at Washington and Lee , a law degree from Yale , and , having been " a Marine combat officer in Korea . "
A man who spoke with God and who had been a Marine combat officer was a rare combination indeed .
Such a man might well be able to lead the nation on to glory , banishing sin , corruption and Godless communism forever .
1
At least a number of true believers wanted to think so .
One thing was sure .
There was no better way to raise money than by waiving the flag at prayer meetings while the orchestra softly played ' The Battle Hymn of the Republic " in the background .
2
It conjured up marvelous images to those in attendance , or at their televisions sets , of God 's terrible swift sword rising from the ashes of Armageddon in the hands of a great religious and Marine combat leader .
With the music rising to a crescendo as the collection plates were passed , who would not be thrilled to contribute to such a glorious cause ?
There was one small catch .
Marines who have been in combat do not commonly refer to themselves as " combat " veterans .
The word is too respected , if not revered , in the Corps to permit its acceptable use by way of self - characterization .
A Marine or former Marine might modestly allow , upon inquiry , that he had been on Iwo , or Tarawa or at Guadalcanal .
Any one of those words would earn instant respect .
But " I was a combat Marine " had never before been honorably spoken or written to the knowledge of most Marines .
It just was n't done .
Because of the incongruity of Robertson 's claim , coupled with his announcement of his candidacy for the Presidency , an old and disquieting story was retold that Robertson 's combat experience had been somewhat overstated .
It was really a humorous , ( not a sarcastic ) tale , dating back to 1951 .
_____________________________________
1
In all the Marine Corps ' illustrious history , the Corps ' connection with godliness has not received undue attention from historians .
Alone among the services , the Marine Corps has no chaplains .
They are furnished by the Navy when needed .
- Mine eyes have seen the glory of the coming of the Lord .
He is trampling out the vintage where the grapes of wrath are stored .
He will loose the fearful lightning of his terrible swift sword .
His truth goes marching on .
Glory , glory , hallelujah ... glory , glory , hallelujah . .'
Glory , glory , hallelujah , His truth goes marching on The theme of the story had four parts : ( 1 ) Robertson , as a young Marine lieutenant en route to Korea in 1951 , had asked the assistance of his father , Virginia Senator A. Willis Robertson , to keep him out of combat .
( 2 ) His father had intervened and gotten his son and a friend taken off the troopship and kept in Japan .
Four other young lieutenants had also been taken off the ship for cover so that no political influence would be inferred .
( 3 ) Some months later one of the four had caught the ear of a General 's aide at a cocktail party and volunteered all six for transfer to Korea , much to Robertson 's anger and dismay .
( 4 ) The six had gone to Korea , where several were forthwith wounded , but Robertson had been assigned as the " liquor officer " with frequent booze runs to Japan .
In a fiction novel published in 1979 by a former Marine who had served in Korea in 1951 , there had been mention of the fictional son of a fictional southern Senator who had gotten his father to put strings to keep him out of combat , taking him off a ship carrying the Fifth Replacement Draft to Korea , in February , 1951 .
3 Later , a friend 's comment to a General at a cocktail party had gotten him transferred to Korea where he was given a cushy headquarters job , looked after by a bantam , but very tough , Chief of Staff .
The fictitious lieutenant had been named Richards , but Marines who had been on the Fifth Replacement Draft would immediately remember that a young Second Lieutenant , Marion C. " Pat " Robertson , had told everyone in the ship 's wardroom that his " Daddy , " the Senator was going to keep him out of combat , and that Robertson had indeed been pulled out of the Draft when the ship , the U.S. S. General J. C. Breckinridge , reached Japan .
The bantam but very tough Chief of Staff sounded very much like the famous Victor " The Brute " Krulak who was serving as Division Chief of Staff when Robertson finally arrived in Korea from Japan in late June , 1951 .
Krulak had also served as Genera Shepherd 's Operations Officer ( C - 3 ) at FMFPAC during February , 1951 , at the time Robertson was pulled off the troopship .
He could be relied on to serve General Shepherd loyally and well .
The story was printed with some humor by two of America 's leading political columnists , Evans & Novak and Jack Anderson .
Most Marine veterans chuckled over the " liquor officer " publicity .
The designation was an honorable one in the Corps , but it apparently resulted in some difficult questioned from those of Robertson 's devoted following who were teetotalers .
Robertson vehemently denied that he had sought to evade combat or that he had ever been liquor officer .
He was particularly incensed about the slur on his deceased father 's reputation .
That Senator Robertson would ever seek political favors for his relatives or friends was an outrageous lie , his son said .
Robertson consulted two noted conservative political advisers , Paul Weyrich and Marc Nuttle who advised him that he should bring a libel suit against the source of the story to the press , Congressman Andrew Jacobs of Indiana , as well as the man who had related it to Jacobs , one of his shipmate , , aboard the Breckinridge .
The lawsuit would at least keep the story from being circulated by the media during the campaign .
No newspaper would want to take the chance of itself being sued for libel until the truth were established .
Jacobs had served in Korea while Robertson was in Japan , had been wounded and in the 1980s , while in Congress , had been characterized by Robertson as one of those who were " soft on communism . "
Acting on Weyrich's and Nuttle 's advice , Robertson on October 21 , 1986 filed a $ 35 million libel suit against the two former Marines , who responded that a jury trial was not a bad place to ascertain the truth .
Then began a 16 month search through old records and for even - older Marines who could _____________________________________________
3 The Vicar of Christ , Walter Murphy , The MacMillan Company , 1979 enhance the faded memories of over 35 years .
By the summer of 1987 , Robertson 's political campaign was developing well , but enough records and former Marines had been found to suggest that he had indeed asked his " Daddy " to keep him out of combat , and that Senator Robertson had communicated on the subject with Robertson 's Commanding General .
4 Senator Robertson 's correspondence files , unearthed from the archives of his alma mater , William and Mary College , were illuminating .
Several letters written while his son was aboard ship headed to Korea were of particular interest .
They thanked General Shepherd for his assurance that his son would " get further training before being sent to Korea , " and advised his friend , the President of Washington and Lee that both their sons would be taken off the troopship when it reached Japan .
Robertson had sailed for Korea in January , 1951 , as a new young Second Lieutenant fresh out of Quantico's 11 week basic platoon leader training course .
With him was his friend and classmate from Washington and Lee , Ed Gaines .
The First Marine Division had taken fearful casualties at the Chosin Reservoir in December when the Chinese had entered this war with a vengeance ; new second lieutenants were needed badly and the rumored life expectancy of platoon leaders in combat was only six minutes .
Robertson was one of 71 officers and 1900 enlisted men in the Fifth Replacement Draft aboard the U.S.S. General J. C. Breckenridge .
The full draft was needed to bring the Divisions ' three rifle regiments up to strength for General MacArthur 's planned February counter - attack against the Chinese .
On the last day before leaving for Korea , however , Robertson and Gaines had been pulled off the ship in Kobe , Japan , with four others whose names had the misfortune to be listed next to Gaines on the roster of lieutenants assigned to the 7th Regiment .
The reason : ostensibly to train young Marines coming out of the hospitals after the Chosin Reservoir battle .
Both the First Marine Division personnel office and those officers aboard the Breckenridge who had had combat duty were offended .
Captain Harry Steinmeyer , a decorated veteran of Guadalcanal wrote on February 14 , 1951 : " Happy Valentines :
Here 's one I have to tell you .
Lt. Gaines & a Lt. Robinson ( Whose Father is Senator from Va ) were taken off in Japan .
In short there were 80 men and 8 2nd Lts pulled on the pretense of training men who came from Korea to go back there .
Gaines slipped 2 days before we got to Japan and said he & the other one were going to be pulled off there .
It 's really rotten politics .
I 'd sure like to write Winchell on it .
See what Walter & Daddy say about that .
At least I can live with my conscience .
Well so much for that " First Lieutenant David Hartstein , the Draft 's adjutant , wrote his wife the same day : " Hi There Valentine : _________________________________________
4 As General Krulak later said : ' Marine Corps Generals of that day and age were " expected " to stay in contact with and report to powerful Senators . -
The threat of abolition of the Marine Corps by President Truman and his Defense Secretary Louis Johnson was very real in 1950 and it was understandable that the leaders of the Corps would want to keep the respect of powerful Senators .
In General Shepherd 's words in 1989 - ' We needed to keep them buttered up . "
Every Marine would understand and agree that in 1950 , this was a necessity if the Corps was to survive Truman 's axe .
To drop off two lieu - tenants in Japan for a few months was a small price to pay for the survival of the Corps .
Both General Shepherd and Colonel Krulak played a major role in saving the Corps in 1950 , General Shepherd by flying to Tokyo to convince General MacArthur to ask the President to allow the Marines to call up their reserves , Colonel Krulak by having kept the Fifth Regiment in top combat - readiness in peacetime .
That combat - readiness was to impress the world at the Pusan Perimeter as the Marines performed incomparably better than all of the Army units save one , the 27th Infantry Regiment commanded by Lt. Col.
John H. Michaelis .
Oh yes , there is one thing I wanted to tell you about .
When we were in Kobe yesterday a Col. came aboard to choose several officers to retrain casualties that were getting ready to 90 back to Korea .
He chose 6 second Lts. none of whom have ever had any combat .
Its interesting to note that two of them had said they would n't have to go to Korea .
One was the Robertson that General Sheppard wanted to see and I 'm sure that his father being the Senator from Virginia had nothing to do with it and the other was a kid named Gaines whose father is president of Washington and Lee university .
it is interesting though is n't it .
See that 's what you get when you choose the wrong parents .
Incidentally they are both very nice guys but no more anxious to go than the rest of us . "
What had caused this extraordinary salvation ?
As the trial date of March 8 , 1988 approached , Robertson found himself in an increasing dilemma .
He had shocked the Republicans by strong second place finishes , in Iowa. , South Dakota and Minnesota ; he had nearly won Michigan , and expected to win South Carolina on Saturday , March 5 .
March 8 , " Super Tuesday " with its 22 separate primaries , was expected to provide perhaps even a majority of delegates in the bible belt states where from whence came Robertson 's strongest support .
His lawsuit had suppressed any media comment on his alleged " liquor officer " background .
It appeared that the bright and shining religious leader could conceivably get enough delegates to the Republican convention in New Orleans to be the determining power broker between Bush and Dole , perhaps with as many as 20 % of the total delegates .
The Religious Right would be a factor no Republican could ever again ignore .
But Robertson 's very success brought new problems .
The press began to examine his credentials with more interest .
Questionable claims about his date of marriage , his allegation that Soviet missiles were still in Cuba , an alleged knowledge of the location of hostages in Lebanon and that George Bush had leaked the sins of Robertson 's fellow evangelist , Jimmy Swaggart , received national attention .
Also of concern , the press was beginning to talk to witnesses in his libel suit whose deposition testimony was now of public record .
A Marine bunkmate at Quantico was found who remembered Robertson 's comment upon seeing his name posted on the list to go to Korea : " Pat also expressed that he was n't very happy about the prospect of going to Korea and said that he was going to have to talk to his Daddy to see whether he could do something so that he did n't have to go to Korea . " " . . . there was no question that he let you know that his father was a Senator in Congress and that his father was pretty influential , so it was no secret to anyone that he probably asked his father to do something and there probably was a good chance that his father could do something . "
5 The Steinmeyer and Hartstein letters proved unequivocally that Gaines and Robertson had believed they were going to be taken off the ship when it reached Japan .
When Robertson 's name appeared on a roster of lieutenants assigned to one of the rifle regiments , two other lieutenants remembered accompanying him to a dockside telephone facility at Kobe where he called his father .
" My memory is that he said words to that effect , that , " I called my Daddy and I 'm going to try to have him get me off , " or " I will see if I can get stationed in Japan , " or something of that sort . "
6 _______________________________
5 Deposition of Herbert W. Marache , Jr. 6 Depositions of Michael Sydney Rogers and John Gearhart .
Steinmeyer and another combat veteran , First Lieutenant Hugh Scott remembered Robertson asking the Draft Adjutant to send a cable to his father asking for help , and that when the orders came to take him and five others , including Gaines off the ship , a second one - word cable , " Thanks . "
7 Evidence began to accumulate that " Daddy " had intervened with his friend General Shepherd who , from his headquarters in Hawaii , commanded the Fleet Marine Force Pacific ( FMFPAC ) which included not only the First Marine Division in Korea , but also the First Casual Company in Japan and the Fifth Replacement Draft .
The Draft Commander , Major Paul Groth , had served with the General in World War 11 .
A reserve , he had been recalled to duty when the Korean War broke out .
At Camp Pendleton , just before the Draft left for Korea , General Shepherd had come to inspect the troops .
He called Major Groth to his quarters .
Major Groth testified at his deposition : " And so he sent for me , and I thought it was for  it was just to recall or reminisce about some of those times , you know , at that time , so I went over to see him at his quarters ...
And he said , ' Paul it 's good to see you , ' in his Virginia drawl .
And he said , ' Ya'll have a fine young  ' He said , ' You have a fine young man in the young gentlemen in that organization , ' he said .
' His name is Robertson . '
He said , ' Take good care of him . '
And I said , ' Yes , sir , ' . . . he said , ' His daddy is Chairman of the Senate Military Appropriations Committee . "
8 Another friend of General Shepherd 's from World War 11 , Colonel Bums , had been assigned to command The First Casual Company at Camp Otsu , Japan , an organization used as a stop - over for casualties returning from hospitalization and other Marines en route to Korea .
Colonel Bums had boarded the Breckenridge on its last day at Kobe .
He had asked for the Draft roster , and was given the roster which showed Robertson as being assigned to the First Marines and Gaines to the Seventh Marines .
In Major Groth 's words : " He took the roster , and then he was sitting right beside me on kind of a couch that we had there , and he went down the roster , and he went to Robertson , and he checked Robertson .
And then he went on the roster and he checked some other officers ' names .
And I said , I said to him  1 said , ' That was an interesting selection process .
How did you do that ? '
And he said , ' Well , I do n't know . '
He said , ' These officers will be fine . ' and that was that . "
9 A " smoking gun " was finally found , the testimony of the officer who had actually transmitted the orders from FMFPAC removing Robertson from the ship on the ground that " a Virginia Congressman wanted his son to get further training before going on to combat . "
9
By October , 1987 it was clear that Robertson no longer had a case on the evasion of combat issue .
Gaines ' letters had confirmed the Shepherd - Robertson - Gaines relationship .
( See Appendix E )
The libel suit , however , was still viable if no one could be found who could verify that Robertson had been the liquor officer .
A lot of Marines remembered the story but , by November , just weeks before the deposition cut - off date , no one had been found who could positively verify that Robertson _________________________________
7 Depositions of Harry Steinmeyer and Hugh Scott. 8 Deposition of Major Paul H. Groth , Appleton , Wisconsin , October 21 , 1987 .
9 Deposition of Goode Burleson .
had actually been the liquor officer at the Division rear echelon headquarters .
Most combat Marines had never been near Division headquarters , save when arriving as replacements or upon their rotation home .
A fine young Washington lawyer for the defense , George Lehner , spent hours poring through the personnel records in the Corps ' archives trying to track down individuals all over the United States who had once served in headquarters units .
Lehner finally hit paydirt in November , 1987 .
Paul William Brosman , Jr. , an ROTC reserve officer , had been called up and sent to the regular Basic Class at Quantico in September , 1950 , graduating in April , 1951 and thereafter being sent to Korea as part of the ill - fated Ninth Replacement Draft , arriving in early June .
Brosman had been assigned to Item Company in the First Marines , and as a platoon leader had survived the bloody battles around the Punch Bowl in June aid September .
He had been rotated to the Division Rear Headquarters at Masan in October , 1951 .
Brosman had earned a Doctorate in Linguistics from the University of North Carolina and thereafter became a Professor of Linguistics at L.S.U. and then Tulane , retiring in 1979 .
His memory of the Korean War remained remarkably clear .
While in Item Company , Brosman had heard a funny story about three lieutenants , Pat Robertson , his buddy , Ed Gaines and one John Gearhart .
Brosman had met Gearhart in reserve in August while the story was being told by another Item Company lieutenant named Dennis .
Everybody had had a good laugh over it , and it stayed in his memory .
The story was that a Virginia Senator had had his son ( Robertson ) pulled out of the Fifth Replacement Draft with Gaines and four others so that it would n't look like political influence was a factor .
Gearhart was one of the four .
The six had been given fairly cushy jobs at Camp Otsu's Casual Company until General Shepherd came through in late May on an inspection tour .
10 General Shepherd 's old friend , the Casualty Company Commander , Colonel Burns , threw a cocktail party for the General , and at the party , John Gearhart had cornered the General 's aide , complained that he wanted to see combat duty in Korea , and volunteered au six of the non-combat lieutenants for transfer to Korea .
The aide had walked him over to General Shepherd who had commended him for his initiative and agreed to send the six to Korea forthwith .
Robertson was furious .
As the story went , on going back to the officers ' quarters he had tried to knock Gearhart 's door down to get at Gearhart and had to be restrained by a couple of other officers .
11 Gaines and Gearhart were sent to Korea shortly thereafter , where both were wounded at the Punch Bowl .
The fighting both in June and later in August and September was very fierce .
Robertson , however , had not been sent to Korea until after the Russians and Chinese asked for a truce .
Gaines had written the following in a letter home on June 1 : " General Shepherd came through the other day ( if I 've written you this , forgive the repetition ) and had a long chat with Pat and me at the Colonel 's cocktail party .
He informed us we'd be leaving for Korea in about a month .
Shortly thereafter I was notified I 'd be leaving June 6 to ply the couple hundred miles to Korea .
Pat will stay here for awhile at least .
But it was just the luck of the draw I 'm sure .
" 12 ________________________________
10 Most VIP inspection tours were rumored to occur on the last day of one month and the first day of the next .
The visitors thus qualified for " combat pay " for both months .
11 In Brosman 's words : " And Pat Robertson became very upset about that ... then it was that when he was drunk that he got violent .
But at any rate he got violent , or attempted to , and went down and pounded on Gearhart 's door ... wanting to get at him and had to be restrained by a couple of guys . "
The full deposition of Paul Brosman is reproduced in Appendix E. 12 Gaines ' letters home are reproduced in Exhibit E. Arriving in Korea in late June , after the fighting had stopped temporarily , Robertson , unlike practically every other untried Second Lieutenant , upon arrival at the Division CP where Colonel Krulak was now Chief of Staff , was promptly sent to the Division Rear at Masan , 300 miles south .
Krulak , a veteran of the infighting in Washington in the late 1940s when Harry Truman was trying to abolish the Marine Corps 13 certainly understood what General Shepherd had meant when he had said six months earlier : " Take good care of him ; his Daddy is Chairman of the Senate Armed Forces Appropriations Committee . "
14 Brosman had remembered the humor of the story about Gaines and Gearhart and asked Gaines about it when he first met him at Masan .
Gaines confirmed both the truthfulness and the humor of the story .
Gaines , Robertson and Brosman were billeted together in the same building at Masan , along with two other lieutenants .
Brosman remembered that Robertson was referred to commonly as " the liquor officer , " and that Robertson himself had referred to himself as the liquor officer , - jokingly , of course . '
It was " somewhere between scuttlebutt and common knowledge " that Robertson 's periodic trips to Japan were to purchase liquor for the officers ' club .
Attorney Lehner asked Brosman : Q : " Now at Masan , did you ever hear Mr. Robertson referred to as the ' Division Liquor Officer ' ?
A : Well , I heard him referred to as the ' Liquor Officer . '
I do n't know about the ' Division Liquor . '
I thought he was the ' Masan liquor Officer . '
Q : How did that reference come about or how did you hear that ?
A : Because he frequently made trips to Japan , I would have said , to buy liquor , maybe .
But I guess from the point of view of the guys at Masan , or the real purpose was to buy liquor .
But I suppose some trumped - up excuse was devised so that he could  for an official trip .
And then he could go over and do something and then bring liquor back .
Q : Who referred to Pat Robertson as the ' Masan Liquor Officer ' ?
A : Well I guess just about everybody in our barracks , or whatever you want to call it .
That is , I 'm not sure he did n't do it himself , as I think I said earlier
It was just more or less general jocular reference by people there .
______________________________________
13 See Krulak 's book , First to Fight , Chapter 8 .
14 Had I been in Colonel Krulak 's shoes , I certainly would have made sure that nothing happened to the Senator 's son .
Preservation of the Marine Corps was very much in the Senator 's hands and the latter had made his views known .
Krulak 's first duty was to the Marine Corps where in his lifetime he compiled a distinguished record of service .
His leadership of the Fifth Regiment immediately prior to the Korean War paid rich dividends in that Regiment 's performance at the Pusan Perimeter , and may have been the critical factor in both stopping the North Koreans and saving the Marine Corps itself .
Q. Did he ever buy you liquor ?
A : Oh , no .
He brought  I had to buy my own liquor at the Officers ' Club .
We had an Officers ' Club at Masan .
It was that cushy a setup .
And he brought the liquor back to the Officers ' Club , this is my impression . "
The foregoing was elicited from Brosman at deposition in New Orleans on November 17 , 1987 , and caused considerable joy to the defendant and his lawyers .
The confirmation that Robertson was indeed believed to be the liquor officer at Masan in 1951 by a man obviously unconnected with the lawsuit , who did not know the defendants and had no axe to grind , effectively ended any chance of Robertson 's winning the libel case .
Mr. Lehner ended his questioning with a sigh of relief .
But Robertson 's lawyer was not content with Brosman 's answers .
He pressed on .
Q. " Do you recall any specific conversations you might have had with Pat Robertson ?
A : Well , yeah .
He was seared to death he had gonorrhea and was very relieved when he found out it was what the corpsmen called ' non-specific drip . '
( This may have been the death knell for Robertson 's presidential campaign ; one can only imagine a Barbara Walters ' interview . . .
" Tell me Reverend , why do the Marines call you ' Non- Specific Drip Robertson ? " ')
Robertson 's lawyer , perhaps unschooled in political matters , tried again : Q : " Well , is n't it true that this ' Non- specific drip ' is not the kind of disease transmitted by sexual intercourse or anything else , that it's an infection of the urinary tract ?
A : Right .
But he thought he had gonorrhea .
And I do n't think he got that from any other source . "
If this was n't enough , Robertson 's attorney then made a fatal mistake .
It is a general rule in the legal profession never to ask a possibly - hostile witness a question to which the attorney does n't know what the answer will be .
Robertson 's attorney opened the door wide .
Q : " How do you recall Pat Robertson being in those days ?
A : Well , I  it 's hard to say .
I liked him a lot less than Ed Gaines .
But it 's hard to say why .
One thing was , he was - well , he was more inconsiderate , pretty inconsiderate for , I mean , things like the cleaning girl .
We had a cleaning girl who came in .
It 's like the story of the fraternity house and the nineteen ( 19 ) year - old housemother .
We had a cleaning girl who was nineteen ( 19 ) who was our maid in our barracks .
But she was a nice Korean girl .
And we had a lot of prostitutes around there , for example .
And , well , Pat used to fool around with her all the time .
That is , pinching her and carrying on .
And every once in awhile , he would chase her outside the house and then he would continue chasing her and pinching her outside the house .
That would terrify her because the Koreans would see .
And , of course , these prostitutes were dead meat when we left because they had ruined their lives to make money off of the Americans .
But once the Americans left , they were really finished .
And she did n't want the Korean men to see her fooling around like with an American .
And she 'd plead with him to stop and he would n't stop .
And none of the rest of us would have done that .
Q : You never saw anyone else messing around with women ?
A : Oh , not none of the  not with that maid .
Oh , a lot of guys messed around with the prostitutes that wanted to get messed around with , including Pat . "
That about did it .
Messing around with prostitutes , molesting a nice young Korean maid in front of men who could make her life miserable ... those were matters the American voting public could well understand .
The youthful conduct could be forgiven , but the later hypocrisy and false claim that he had been " a Marine combat officer " did not sit well .
The coup de gras came a few weeks later from an unexpected and previously - unknown source .
Watching Robertson earnestly repeat his claim of " combat " experience over national television , a former reserve Marine who had served with Robertson at the Division CP in 1951 , ten miles behind the front lines , was moved to write his local paper .
On February 15 , 1988 , barely three weeks before the trial date and " Super Tuesday 's " twenty - two Republican primaries , the Marin County ( California ) Coastal Pilot published the following letter on its front page : Pat Robertson " No Combat Marine " MARIN COUNTY'S NEWS WEEKLY Vol. 13 , No. 7 Feb. 15 - 21 , 1988
This is a story I would like to see in your paper ; it is timely and timeless .
It is really an update on a 38 - year old story .
It may not make much sense but I think that 's alright because it was going on .
It changed a lot of people .
It really started on August 1 , 1950 .
We got on buses in Kentfield that took us to Oakland where we boarded a special train that took us to Camp Pendleton .
The Korean War had come to Marin County .
Two hundred Marine reserves from Company C were called to duty .
We laughed excitedly with bravado .
We were getting into a war that would be over before it really got started .
Later that year , things were different for us .
I saw one of these former Marines last Wednesday at the Civic Center .
He 's a school teacher in Kentfield and was showing his students the workings of county government .
We spoke .
There is a score of these special ex-Marines still in Marin .
Another is a title insurance executive in Novato .
Yet another that I see from time to time is a stock broker in San Francisco .
Although they look like us and talk like us they were " line " company Marines and although my company had the highest number of casualties of any company in the First Marine Division in the first year of the war , it came in short bursts of terror .
It was not a line company .
The line companies went about this war business day - to - day , in the mud , in the rain , in the snow , with the smell of death , and a constant concern that there be another day for yourself and all of the members of your line company .
I saw truck - loads of frozen dead line - company Marines .
I saw a line company which began with 238 fall to seven , led by a 20 - year - old corporal .
It was 30 below zero , in a howling wind off the Gobi Desert .
This company from the Seventh Marines turned back the charge of a now - battered Chinese battalion .
The charge began with the notes of " mess call " by the enemy bugler and ended in silence .
There is a person who calls himself a combat Marine .
He is not .
His name is Pat Robertson .
I saw him often in the division headquarters where he was clean - shaven and clothed and showered .
He was in charge of making sure that the officers ' booze ration was handed out and re-supplied .
He was a lieutenant .
He was in my battalion .
The line company marines I saw smelled badly , looked poorly .
For months at a time they were cold , eating C-rations .
Trying to stay warm and dry was a constant battle .
These line - company men were the combat Marines of the First Marine Division .
Neither Pat Robertson nor I could carry their gear .
He is trying to get elected by standing on those frozen bodies I saw , by putting himself in the company of those seven Marines who repulsed the enemy .
Imagine a person who aspires to be President being so loose with the truth , so lacking in grace and so dishonorable .
He says God talks to him .
I 'd like to hear what God says to him about this .
LEO T. CRONIN Former Corporal U.S.M.C. Editor 's Note : Cronin was activated on August 1 , 1950 .
Forty - five days later he was with the first wave of amphibious Marines that stormed and took the North Korean held Port of Inchon .
This Letter to the Editor was re-typeset and reformatted from the original layout .
Flash , a longer battery life , outputting video at 1080 p , a $ 1 m app competition — these are just some of the ways Notion Ink is hoping its Android - powered Adam tablet will be able to win customers over .
Advertisement
The tablet has gone through several different guises since renders were unveiled in December .
From the slick silver - edged device , to the roll - topped plastic prototype at CES , the latest renders suggest the final design will be more in keeping with that cheaper - looking prototype , although much slimmer .
They 're reportedly considering launching two different models , with the key difference being how thin they are — either 12.9 mm or 11.6 mm , which suggests different displays being used .
Advertisement
Pitting it against the iPad , CEO Rohan Shravan told SlashGear that due to the Nvidia chip and Pixel Qi screen , the Adam will have a battery life at least two times longer .
Plus , it 'll be able to output 1080 p video whereas Apple 's tablet can only manage up to 576 p , AND they 're exploring the use of Flash , which will apparently be shown off next week .
Recognizing that despite offering more spec than the iPad they still have a battle on their hands , they 're encouraging development for the Adam with a $ 1 m bounty being put up for creating apps .
They have n't officially announced the competition yet , but as soon as we hear we 'll let you know how you can put your creative genius to work .
[ SlashGear ]
After 24 consecutive months of reported establishment survey job losses , Bloomberg columnist Timothy Homan reports that a massive surge in Census Jobs May Jump - Start U.S. Employment Rebound in 2010 .
The 2010 census could n’t have come at a better time for the U.S. economy .
The government will hire about 1.2 million temporary workers in the first half of the year to administer the decennial population count , possibly providing a bridge to gains in private employment later in the year .
The surge will probably dwarf any hiring by private employers early in 2010 as companies delay adding staff until they are convinced the economic recovery will be sustained .
Money earned by the clipboard - toting workers going door - to - door to verify the government population survey is likely to be spent , giving the economy an extra lift .
“ It ’s a short - term stimulus program in which the government ’s injecting money into the economy through additional paychecks , ” said Dean Maki , chief U.S. economist at Barclays Capital Inc. in New York , who projects that 2.5 million more Americans will be working at the of the year .
“ This will support consumer income during those months . ”
The stimulus bill President Barack Obama signed in February and additional funding by Congress provided enough money to hire 1.4 million Americans in total for the census , almost three times as many as in 2000 .
About 160,000 were already employed last year to do preliminary work .
The Census Bureau anticipates hiring about 181,000 workers from January through March and about 971,000 in the following three months .
The economy may add about 700,000 jobs in May alone , mostly because of the census , said Nigel Gault [ chief U.S. economist at IHS Global Insight ] .
Even Maki ’s more optimistic assessment of the employment outlook means the U.S. may take years to recover the 7.2 million jobs lost since the recession began in December 2007 .
By the end of the year the jobless rate will fall to 9.7 percent , according to the median estimate of economists surveyed by Bloomberg News .
The unemployment in December held at 10 percent .
appear
BOURNE'S IDENTITY BOURNE'S IDENTITY Justin Bourne , a former minor league hockey player , writes a column for USA TODAY during the NHL season .
See Bourne 's previous column .
Follow Bourne 's personal blog .
See Bourne 's career stats .
2009 - 10 NHL SEASON 2009 - 10 NHL SEASON Checking in : Phoenix forward Scott Upshall explains his uptick in scoring Season essentials : Find team - by - team stats , scoring leaders | Opening day rosters Power rankings : MVP vote up in air as Crosby , Ovechkin meet Clutch players : Canucks '
Sedins are top scorers ; Panthers ' Vokoun is top goale Interact with Kevin Allen : Mucking and Grinding blog | Allen 's latest column | Follow Allen on twitter
In my days as a hockey player , I did nothing but contribute to hockey 's culture of homophobia and prejudice against gays .
I used gay slurs more times than I 'd like to admit .
Six months after I left my last professional locker room , I felt a twinge of regret , followed by a full - out , stomach punch of regret .
And by the time I finished the first draft of this column , I was disgusted with myself .
At the time , it seemed harmless .
After all – when you think about the NHL , AHL , ECHL and more , can you call to memory a single open homosexual among them ?
There was nobody in my team 's dressing room to offend , right ?
The lack of a homosexual presence in hockey must mean one of two things : either homosexual men do n't play the game or they do n't feel comfortable admitting it — in which case I , and my brethren , were offending some teammates with our close - mindedness , and furthering what must have been unsettled feelings of fear and general exclusion .
For us as a culture , that means another two things .
That either we need scientists doing research on professional hockey players ASAP , because apparently there 's a link between our sport and sexuality .
Or , much more realistically , we need to alter the culture of hockey , because homosexuals are being forced to play entire careers masquerading as people they 're not .
As many times as I used these slurs , I heard it back tenfold .
As well as I fit in behind the doors of a dressing room , I had pursuits that made me seem different .
I kept a journal while I played .
I 'm into piano music and reading .
In the hockey world , that 's your basic formula for eliciting more comments about sexual orientation than acting in " Rent . "
It 's always the first shot fired .
Hockey culture is something I 've known and loved , but I 'm not oblivious to the disconnect between how players and coaches act behind that dressing room door and how society expects them to act in public .
Since we have to change something about how we act and what we say when we leave the team room , we 're probably acting improperly in the first place .
And during my playing days , I was aware that was the case .
There has n't been progress on this issue for years .
When I ran the idea for this column by my uncle , a sportswriter and editor , he mentioned a piece he wrote 20 years ago after the general manager of a major junior hockey team in Canada said something like : " We do n't have any weak - wristed players in this locker room . "
Twenty years later , this attitude has yet to be shucked from hockey .
We can't wait another two decades ignoring the small but consistent strides of progress that the world outside sport is making .
We need to make a change now , because kids who move away from home to play junior hockey at 16 or 17 are still impressionable .
If they do n't encounter a good role model , the seeds are sown for a person , who after trying to fit in , thinks it 's OK to drink , treat women a certain way and use homosexuality as a punchline .
I recently read a quote in the " Verbatim " section of Time from Julian Bond , chairman of the NAACP , encouraging African - Americans to support gay marriage .
He said " black people , of all people , should not oppose equality . "
But really , should n't all of us have learned from the horrible mistakes of our past , not just African - Americans ?
There 's not a single good reason for any of us to continue to support inequality in any shape or form .
We 'll look back at this time in our history and hang our heads for allowing this prejudice to continue .
Policies like " Do n't Ask , Don't Tell " are the kinds of things that when our kids grow up , they 'll look at us and say " dudes could n't fight for their country because they kissed dudes ?
Wait ; explain that again , I 'm lost .
They were fighting for their country , right ? "
The goal is to get to a place where our differences are n't so much as a blip on anyone 's radar .
By the time we have our sixth black President , let 's hope it's not a story anymore – he 's just the President .
And maybe the first openly gay NHL star will elicit stereotypical responses but hopefully the 100th is just a guy who will show up in my columns for being " a completely overrated , third - line defensive specialist at best . "
It will be hard to survive the dressing room for the first players to come out .
That 's a fact .
Very few things are off - limits for jokes and barbs .
This is a place where " Right , but your girlfriend has cheated on you like , six times " is a witty comeback .
On the ice , the first gay professionals will likely take some verbal shots .
Trash - talking is part of the game and we all look for the easy target .
The stuff I used to hear was harmless : I was called " skinny " and " soft " and worse ( but not much ) .
Whoever the pioneer is will have to know what he's in for – he 'll have to be a strong man , possibly in the literal sense .
We 've somehow made something totally irrelevant to hockey performance – sexual preference – such an issue that every gay player has been forced to conclude that their private life is something best hidden .
Hey , hockey players : not knowing does n't change the reality that there are gay men in the professional ranks today .
And maybe it's not many , because we 've driven so many away ; players who did n't want to be teased , shunned , and worse , a target for on - ice violence .
Who knows how many great players hung up their skates in favor of some lesser talent , strictly to find acceptance and peace of mind .
So it 's time .
It 's time to acknowledge we 've been unfair to the gay community , that the culture of our sport can be misogynistic , homophobic and cruel .
More important , it 's time to make a stand that we want it to change .
I know I can't take back the words I said during my time as a hockey player , but this is a start .
I think if you asked any minority group that has won the rights and freedoms that all people deserve , they 'd agree on one thing about change — it 's better late than never .
We 've updated the Conversation Guidelines .
Changes include a brief review of the moderation process and an explanation on how to use the " Report Abuse " button .
Read more
It is important to choose top internet marketing services , provided by our truly experienced Montreal web marketing company , with the right amount of advertising and engagement , training and strategies , which is the foundation of any successful web design company that can deliver calculated , measurable results .
Our agency specializes in Wordpress web design ( including WooCommerce ) , and Shopify web design for transactional e-commerce sites .
Regardless of the processes that you may already be familiar with due to your former e-business providers , we start by understanding how your brand is perceived by your target market – brand positioning .
Once we reach the website design phase , our focus then shifts on optimizing user experience , and ensures sufficient call to action on all our clients ’ websites .
Our lead web designer has over 10 years of experience optimizing usability and conversion rate , which results in more inbound phone calls and emails .
Our web developers have the capacity to develop dynamic content - driven websites , and intricate databases .
Each site is developed and designed for increased exposure within search engines , and increased load speed .
The result is a highly effective , error - free website , coded using the highest ranking on page optimization ( on page SEO , on site SEO or onsite optimization ) and off page optimization ( off page SEO , off site SEO or offsite optimization ) techniques in Montreal , Canada .
Our web design , and online marketing agency offers top SEO services including video marketing , article marketing , online press release optimization , social bookmarking and link building services designed to increase link popularity , SEM and PPC performance , in addition to social media marketing services – a critical component to your local SEO and overall local search marketing strategy .
Banners reading " the Holy Land is not for sale " were displayed during the celebrations
Palestinian Christian groups are boycotting celebrations of Orthodox Christmas in Bethlehem , accusing their Church of selling land to Israelis .
At least 100 protesters gathered with banners saying : " The Holy Land is not for sale , " ahead of festivities to mark Christmas Eve for the Orthodox Church .
They accuse the Greek Orthodox Church of selling and leasing land in the West Bank to Israeli organisations .
The Church said it would not comment , on such a festive occasion .
The Council of Arab Orthodox Institutions and Organisations in Palestine said the current patriarch , Theophilos III , had continued to allow Israeli investors to lease Church land in the West Bank and East Jerusalem .
The area was occupied by Israel during the 1967 Israeli - Arab war , and is where the Palestinians want their future state .
Riot gear
The Christian groups mentioned one specific strategic piece of land , in the Bethlehem area , near the Israeli settlement of Har Homa , but said it was part of a wider pattern of deals set up under the previous patriarch .
Patriarch Theophilos III is accused of leasing land to Israelis Patriarch Irineos was ousted in 2005 over his alleged involvement in the leasing of Church land in Jerusalem 's heavily contested Old City to Jewish investors .
There were remarkable scenes as the current patriarch arrived escorted by Palestinian security guards clad in riot gear , reports the BBC's Jon Donnison in Bethlehem .
The Scout groups ' marching bands who would usually welcome the patriarch with bagpipes were silent as the church leader arrived .
Reprisal attacks Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas , who would also usually be present , is travelling overseas and it is unclear whether he is officially boycotting the event .
Palestinian owners of land in the West Bank , particularly in East Jerusalem where the Palestinians want their future capital , are often offered large sums of money to sell to organisations seeking to expand the Jewish presence in the area .
Palestinians who sell are at risk of reprisal attacks .
About 500,000 Israelis live in the West Bank and East Jerusalem , in settlements illegal under international law .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Before the glory that was Greece and Rome , even before the first cities of Mesopotamia or temples along the Nile , there lived in the Lower Danube Valley and the Balkan foothills people who were ahead of their time in art , technology and long - distance trade .
For 1,500 years , starting earlier than 5000 B.C. , they farmed and built sizable towns , a few with as many as 2,000 dwellings .
They mastered large - scale copper smelting , the new technology of the age .
Their graves held an impressive array of exquisite headdresses and necklaces and , in one cemetery , the earliest major assemblage of gold artifacts to be found anywhere in the world .
The striking designs of their pottery speak of the refinement of the culture ’s visual language .
Until recent discoveries , the most intriguing artifacts were the ubiquitous terracotta “ goddess ” figurines , originally interpreted as evidence of the spiritual and political power of women in society .
New research , archaeologists and historians say , has broadened understanding of this long overlooked culture , which seemed to have approached the threshold of “ civilization ” status .
Writing had yet to be invented , and so no one knows what the people called themselves .
To some scholars , the people and the region are simply Old Europe .
PORT -AU - PRINCE ( Reuters ) - A new earthquake shook the devastated Haitian capital Port - au - Prince early on Wednesday , rattling already wrecked buildings and triggering panic among survivors of last week ’s devastating quake .
The largest aftershock since the killer quake struck on January 12 alarming masses of people camping on the streets .
But it did not appear to cause any new destruction or to slow the international relief effort , bolstered by more U.S. troops .
The aftershock hit at daybreak and was first estimated at 6.1 magnitude , then revised to 5.9 .
Shrieking Haitians ran from buildings and walls , fearing a repeat of the magnitude 7 quake that killed tens of thousands of people eight days ago .
“ Things started shaking .
We were really afraid .
People came out into the street , ” said Victor Jean Rossiny , a law student living in the street .
“ We have nothing here , not even water . ”
Desperate and hungry residents of Port - au - Prince have been sleeping outdoors because their homes were destroyed last week or out of fear of aftershocks .
Violence and looting has subsided as U.S. troops provided security for water and food distribution , and thousands of displaced Haitians heeded the government ’s advice to seek shelter outside Port - au - Prince .
Haitian officials estimated the death toll from last week ’s quake could be between 100,000 and 200,000 , and said 75,000 bodies had already been buried in mass graves .
U.S. Black Hawk helicopters landed in the grounds of Haiti ’s wrecked presidential palace , deploying troops and supplies and immediately attracting crowds of survivors who clamoured for handouts of food .
“ Supplies are beginning to get out to the people , ” U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates said while visiting India . ” ...
My hope is that as we get these trucks out on the roads with supplies and people see patrols -- that will prevent any significant violence from taking place . ”
AMPHIBIOUS LANDING
U.S. Marines in landing craft brought ashore bulldozers , mechanical diggers and trucks on a beach at Neply village west of Port - au - Prince from warships anchored offshore .
Pack - laden troops on the beach handed out food rations and set up temporary shelters for the homeless .
Crowds of Haitians quietly watched as the Marines set up a forward base in the grounds of an old mission school , pitching rows of tents flanked by a row of latrines .
At the airport in the damaged coastal city of Jacmel , Sri Lankan , U.S. and Canadian troops delivered supplies .
Traffic congestion in Port - au - Prince was worse than ever on Wednesday -- perhaps a small sign of recovery -- as aid trucks and locals drove to gasoline stations to fill their tanks , jamming streets still cluttered with earthquake debris .
Fuel prices have doubled and there were long lines of cars , motorbikes and people with jerrycans outside gas stations .
Cash needs to start circulating again in Haiti ’s shattered economy so people can buy food and civil servants can be paid , an International Monetary Fund official said .
Banks would reopen shortly and money transfer agencies were beginning to process remittances from Haitians living abroad , Nicolas Eyzaguirre , director of the IMF ’s Western Hemisphere Department , said on the fund ’s website .
Remittances total about $ 1.8 billion a year , accounting for at least 20 percent of Haiti ’s gross domestic product , economists say .
“ Many people tell me they have run out of cash or are about to , ” said Simon Schorno , spokesman for the International Committee of the Red Cross in Port - au - Prince .
The city ’s water system was only partially functional but tanker trucks began to deliver water to the larger makeshift camps , where vendors did brisk business selling charcoal to families who were using small tin barbecues to cook .
Slideshow ( 40 images )
LOCALIZED VIOLENCE
Landline telephones in Port - au - Prince were still down , but two wireless networks had spotty service , said U.S. Federal Communications Commission officials helping with the relief .
While military escorts are needed to deliver relief , the United Nations said security problems were mainly in areas considered “ high risk ” before the disaster .
“ I have seen no indications that leads me to believe that the security situation is deteriorating , ” said General Floriano Peixoto , chief of the Brazilian U.N. peacekeeping contingent .
Brazilian peacekeepers have helped Haitian police recapture some of the 4,000 prison inmates who escaped in the quake .
To speed the arrival of aid and stem looting and violence , the U.N. Security Council has unanimously agreed to temporarily add 2,000 U.N. troops and 1,500 police to the 9,000 - member peacekeeping mission in Haiti .
Slideshow ( 40 images )
Around 12,000 U.S. military personnel are on the ground in Haiti and on ships offshore including the U.S. Navy hospital ship Comfort , which arrived on Wednesday to provide essential capacity for complex surgeries .
At least one Latin American leader , Venezuela ’s socialist President Hugo Chavez , a persistent critic of what he calls U.S. “ imperialism , ” has already accused Washington of “ occupying ” Haiti under the pretext of an aid operation .
Haitian President Rene Preval has said U.S. troops will help U.N. peacekeepers keep order in Port - au - Prince .
MEDICINE URGENTLY NEEDED
So far , feared outbreaks of infectious diseases have not erupted , although many of the injured faced the immediate threats of tetanus and gangrene .
Hospitals were overwhelmed and doctors lacked anaesthesia , forcing them to operate with only local painkillers .
Doctors Without Borders said a cargo plane with 12 tons of medical supplies had been turned away from the congested Port - au - Prince airport three times since Sunday , and five patients died for lack of the supplies it carried .
“ We were forced to buy a saw in the market to continue amputations , ” said Loris de Filippi , emergency coordinator for the group ’s Choscal Hospital in Cite Soleil .
International search and rescue teams were still combing rubble for survivors and had pulled 121 people from collapsed buildings , a record for the number rescued after an earthquake , the Pan - American Health Organisation said .
The World Food Program had provided 200,000 people with rations for seven days , but the International Organisation for Migration estimated that 200,000 families -- or one million people -- were in need of immediate shelter .
Many people were surviving on high - protein biscuits or dry emergency rations .
The Food for the Poor charity managed to reopen its kitchens in Port - au - Prince and served up vats of rice , beans and chicken , giving thousands of people their first hot meal in more than a week .
Mr. LaHood later backed off that remark , and in a statement , Toyota stressed that problems with the sticking gas pedals were rare and assured owners not experiencing problems that Toyota felt “ confident that your vehicle is safe to drive . ”
That confidence was far from universal .
Early on Wednesday , the Japanese government announced that it had ordered Toyota to investigate whether the brakes on new Priuses were working correctly after a recent spate of complaints .
Those concerns were given a wider audience when Steve Wozniak , the co-founder of Apple , raised another concern about the Prius .
He said that his 2010 model had “ an accelerator that goes wild , ” and suggested that software might be to blame .
Image Dave Otten , driving , with his fellow Prius carpoolers Elizabeth DiGirolamo , Ray Engeszer and Will Grant .
Credit ... Noah Berger for The New York Times
“ It ’s very scary , ” Mr. Wozniak told CNET.com , “ but luckily for me , I can hit the brakes . ”
Other Toyota fans said they were spooked , too .
Tim Ahern , a spokesman for the environmental group the Trust for the Public Land , said he had bought a Prius for his commute from Sacramento  about 80 miles east of here  for the same reason cited by many buyers : Mother Earth .
“ I was driving , ” Mr. Ahern said .
“ But I was also doing something good for the environment . ”
But on Wednesday , he said he was stunned that the Prius might have problems and had called his Toyota dealer for more information .
Unfortunately , he said , there was little information to be had .
“ So , ” he said , “ looks like I ’m riding the train for a while . ”
Some Prius lovers seemed prepared to fix whatever problem there might be and move on .
Annie Sartor , the global finance director for the Rainforest Action Network , an environmental group , said she was unconcerned by the remarks by Mr. LaHood .
The open PC beta for Battlefield : Bad Company 2 kicked off yesterday , and , of course , being the avid FPS gamer I am , I delved into it .
I have played a little bit of the first Bad Company , but not substantially , making me a bit of a noob to the franchise spinoff .
I ’ve had time to play quite a bit of Bad Company 2 ’s beta , and I can safely say I am impressed .
Read on for my full impressions of it .
I launched the beta and configured my settings , controls , etc .
With that out of the way , I went to the server browser , which , after stalling for a moment , kicked me to my desktop , crashing the game .
It does n’t work – at all – but DICE is aware of the issue , and thankfully , there ’s a way around it .
After getting into my first game , I was dropped smack dab in the middle of the action ; after all , the game runs dedicated servers .
As I attempted to orientate myself , my first impression was “ wow , this game looks incredible ! ”
The game runs on a modified version of the Frostbite Engine – textures are extremely detailed , environments look fantastic , and the HDR lighting is quite impressive .
I have n’t had a chance to check out the Xbox 360 demo that released yesterday as well , but rest assured , its PC counterpart looks and runs great .
Of course , Bad Company is known for its destructible environments , and its sequel ramps that up .
Almost everything can be destroyed – buildings , trees , hell , even the ground .
My first “ woah ” moment took place when I was posting up in the top floor of a house .
Shooting out the window , I saw a tank round the corner .
Completely outgunned , I ducked back into another room right as the tank fired .
After an ear - shattering explosion , I returned to find the entire wall gone .
It ’s amazing how many different ways the destructible environments can be used to your advantage , or disadvantage .
Much to my teammates ’ dismay , I often found myself blowing crap up just to see what would happen .
Equally impressive as the visuals is the audio .
Explosions , gunfire , and voiceovers all sound spot on , combining to create an experience so immersive it ’s almost frightening .
You really feel like you ’re in a war .
The only map available in the beta is the snowy Port Valdez , supporting 32 players and the Rush game mode .
Rush consists of an attacking team and a defending team .
The attackers attempt to plant explosives on pairs of crates .
After one pair is destroyed , another section of the map is unlocked .
The attackers win when all crates are destroyed , and the defenders win when the attackers run out of reinforcements .
It creates a very hectic , but fun , style of play .
The battlefield is constantly changing both literally and figuratively .
Vehicles are well - balanced , as is the gameplay in general .
Hop in a tank and you ’ll rip apart buildings , but narrow streets and close - quarters combat will quickly be your demise .
DICE has added a few new devices and weapons that help balance out the vehicle combat .
As you progressively rank up in Bad Company 2 , you ’ll also unlock new gear .
What ’s great about Bad Company 2 ’s system is that unlocked gear can actually be swapped into your kit mid-game , which leads to my next point .
There are four kits available in the game : Assault , Engineer , Medic and Recon .
Assault is your usual assault rifle - wielding soldier .
The Engineer has the ability to repair vehicles .
They also carry an RPG or bazooka and a heavy machine gun .
Medics are tasked with reviving fallen teammates , and Recon soldiers are the equivalent of snipers , equipped with a long - range rifle and anti-tank explosives .
As I mentioned , kits can be customized with different weapons and gear as it ’s unlocked .
Battlefield : Bad Company 2 supports 32 - player multiplayer , and , as with a number of other Battlefield title , it does feature squad play .
However , from my experience , squads are entirely disorganized and usually lack direction .
There seems to be very little communication amongst them and amongst the entire team in general .
It ’s not really a big problem , and it obviously depends on who you ’re playing with .
During my first play session last night , I did n’t experience any lag issues , but today I did have some slowdown .
It ’s something that DICE is aware of , and they are apparently working on fixing it .
I ’m sure it will be addressed by the time the full game releases March 2 , as with the server browser problem .
Overall , I have found Bad Company 2 to be a very enjoyable game .
Combat is engaging and the destructible environments really do keep things fresh .
Of course , it ’s hard to judge the game when the beta only features one map , one game mode , and lacks any sort of single player .
That said , I ’m excited to see what DICE brings for the single player campaign as well as other multiplayer maps .
If the developer manages to fix what little issues there are and adds some great maps , then Battlefield : Bad Company 2 will shape up to be an excellent FPS .
Every day , I pine for the global warming deniers to be proved right .
I loved the old world – of flying to beaches wherever we want , growing to the skies , and burning whatever source of energy came our way .
I hate the world to come that I 've seen in my reporting from continent after continent - of falling Arctic ice shelves , of countries being swallowed by the sea , of vicious wars for the water and land that remains .
When I read the works of global warming deniers like Nigel Lawson or Ian Plimer , I feel a sense of calm washing over me .
The nightmare is gone ; nothing has to change ; the world can stay as it was .
But then I go back to the facts .
However much I want them to be different , they sit there , hard and immovable .
Nobody disputes that greenhouse gases trap heat in the atmosphere , like a blanket holding in the Sun 's rays .
Nobody disputes that we are increasing the amount of those greenhouse gases in the atmosphere .
And nobody disputes that the world has become considerably hotter over the past century .
( If you disagree with any of these statements , you 'd fail a geography GCSE ) .
Yet half our fellow citizens are choosing to believe the deniers who say there must be gaps between these statements big enough to fit an excuse for carrying on as we are .
Shrieking at them is not going to succeed .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Our first response has to be to accept that this denial is an entirely natural phenomenon .
The facts of global warming are inherently weird , and they run contrary to our evolved instincts .
If you burn an odourless , colourless gas in Europe , it will cause the Arctic to melt and Bangladesh to drown and the American Mid-West to dry up ?
By living our normal lives , doing all the things we have been brought up doing , we can make great swathes of the planet uninhabitable ?
If your first response is incredulity , then you 're a normal human being .
It 's tempting to allow this first response to harden into a dogma , and use it to cover your eyes .
The oil and gas industries have been spending billions to encourage us to stay stuck there , because their profits will plummet when we make the transition to a low - carbon society .
But the basic science is n't actually very complicated , or hard to grasp .
As more carbon dioxide is pumped into the atmosphere , the world gets warmer .
Every single year since 1917 has been hotter than 1917 .
Every single year since 1956 has been hotter than 1956 .
Every single year since 1992 has been hotter than 1992 .
And on , and on .
If we dramatically increase the carbon dioxide even more – as we are – we will dramatically increase the warming .
Many parts of the world will dry up or flood or burn .
This is such an uncomfortable claim that I too I have tried to grasp at any straw that suggests it is wrong .
One of the most tempting has come in the past few weeks , when the emails of the Hadley Centre at the University of East Anglia were hacked into , and seem on an initial reading to show that a few of their scientists were misrepresenting their research to suggest the problem is slightly worse than it is .
Some people have seized on it as a fatal blow – a Pentagon Papers for global warming .
But then I looked at the facts .
It was discovered more than a century ago that burning fossil fuels would release warming gases and therefore increase global temperatures , and since then , hundreds of thousands of scientists have independently reached the conclusion that it will have terrible consequences .
It would be very surprising if , somewhere among them , there was n't a charlatan or two who over - hyped their work .
Such people exist in every single field of science ( and they are deplorable ) .
So let 's knock out the Hadley Centre 's evidence .
Here are just a fraction of the major scientific organisations that have independently verified the evidence that man-made global warming is real , and dangerous : Nasa 's Goddard Institute for Space Studies , the US National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration , the UN's Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change , L'Academie des Sciences , the Indian National Science Academy , the US National Academy of Sciences , the Deutsche Akademie der Naturforscher Leopoldina , the UK's Royal Society , the Academia Brasileira de Ciencias , the Chinese Academy of Sciences , the Russian Academy of Sciences , the US Environmental Protection Agency ...
I could fill this entire article with these names .
And they have n't only used one method to study the evidence .
They 've used satellite data , sea level measurements , borehole analysis , sea ice melt , permafrost melt , glacial melt , drought analysis , and on and on .
All of this evidence from all of these scientists using all these methods has pointed in one direction .
As the conservative journalist Hugo Rifkind put it , the Hadley Centre no more discredits climate science than Harold Shipman discredits GPs .
A study for the journal Science randomly sampled 928 published peer - reviewed scientific papers that used the words " climate change " .
It found that 100 per cent – every single one – agreed it is being fuelled by human activity .
There is no debate among climate scientists .
There are a few scientists who do n't conduct research into the climate who disagree , but going to them to find out how global warming works is a bit like going to a chiropodist and asking her to look at your ears .
Part of the confusion in the public mind seems to stem from the failure to understand that two things are happening at once .
There has always been – and always will be – natural variation in the climate .
The ebb from hot to cold is part of Planet Earth .
But on top of that , we are adding a large human blast of warming – and it is disrupting the natural rhythm .
So when , in opinion polls , people say warming is " natural " , they are right , but it 's only one part of the story .
Once you have grasped this , it 's easy to see through the claim that global warming stopped in 1998 and the world has been cooling ever since .
In 1998 , two things came together : the natural warming process of El Nino was at its peak , and our human emissions of warming gases were also rising – so we got the hottest year ever recorded .
Then El Nino abated , but the carbon emissions kept up .
That 's why the world has remained far warmer than before – eight of the 10 hottest years on record have happened in the past decade – without quite reaching the same peak .
Again : if we carry on pumping out warming gases , we will carry on getting warmer .
That 's why I wo n't use the word " sceptic " to describe the people who deny the link between releasing warming gases and the planet getting warmer .
I am a sceptic .
I have looked at the evidence highly critically , desperate for flaws .
The overwhelming majority of scientists are sceptics : the whole nature of scientific endeavour is to check and check and check again for a flaw in your theory or your evidence .
Any properly sceptical analysis leads to the conclusion that man-made global warming is real .
Denial is something different : it is when no evidence , no matter how overwhelming , could convince you .
It is a faith - based position .
So let 's – for the sake of argument – make an extraordinary and unjustified concession to the deniers .
Let 's imagine there was only a 50 per cent chance that virtually all the world 's climate scientists are wrong .
Would that be a risk worth taking ?
Are you prepared to take a 50 - 50 gamble on the habitability of the planet ?
Is the prospect of getting our energy from the wind and the waves and the sun so terrible that 's not worth it on even these wildly optimistic odds ?
Imagine you are about to get on a plane with your family .
A huge group of qualified airline mechanics approach you on the tarmac and explain they 've studied the engine for many years and they 're sure it will crash if you get on board .
They show you their previous predictions of plane crashes , which have overwhelmingly been proven right .
Then a group of vets , journalists , and plumbers tell they have looked at the diagrams and it's perfectly obvious to them the plane is safe and that airplane mechanics – all of them , everywhere – are scamming you .
Would you get on the plane ?
That is our choice at Copenhagen .
Johann recently traveled across a melting Arctic .
To read his report of the journey , click here .
j.hari@independent.co.uk
Pressure changes cause a jet of air to be expelled at supersonic speeds ( Image : Stephan Gekle / PRL )
IS IT a bird , is it a plane ?
No , it ’s a rock falling into a pool of water , but the jet of air it produces flies faster than a speeding bullet .
When an object such as a pebble drops into water , an air - filled cavity is created which ejects air at supersonic speeds , discovered Stephan Gekle at the University of Twente in the Netherlands , and colleagues .
Using high - speed photography , the team spotted a cavity of air forming in an hourglass shape – with the top …
China sold more than 13.5 m vehicles last year , the official Xinhua news agency said today , compared with 10.4 m cars and light trucks sold in the US , the lowest level in 27 years ...
China was not expected to exceed the US market until 2020 but the speed with which the recession affected consumers in the States combined with incentives from the Beijing government to help buyers accelerate the trend .
China 's communist government cut sales taxes on smaller , fuel - efficient cars and spent $ 730 m on subsidies for buyers of larger cars , pickup trucks and minivans .
Stimulus spending on building highways and other public works also helped to boost sales of trucks used in construction .
I just sort of stumbled into the music business .
I mean , I liked music a lot -- especially when I was high -- but by the time I started my own indie label I had n't used any drugs in a decade .
After a 24/7 stoned and alienated Vietnam War era college career , I went to live abroad for nearly 7 years .
It was wonderful , but negotiating for 50 kilos of best quality black hash in Mazar - i- Sharif , smuggling rayon saris from India to Sri Lanka , coconut oil from Sri Lanka back to India and cases of Johnnie Walker Black Label from Pondicherry to Madras did n't exactly enhance any career trajectories or make me employable -- or so I thought .
Eventually I settled down in Amsterdam , where I worked at a macrobiotic restaurant in a meditation center , de Kosmos , teaching astrology , darkroom work as a form of meditation and a course in bread baking without eating or speaking .
Now none of that exactly leadto becoming the president of one of the biggest record companies in the world .
But it helped ... a lot .
When Seymour Stein , head of Sire Records , first hired me to work at Warner Bros ( Sire 's corporate home ) , he was probably the single most internationally - oriented executive in the music business .
His phenomenal success as an A&R man had a lot to do with being overseas a lot and catching on to trends and specific artists making an impact there and looking promising for this market .
Among his overseas signings were Fleetwood Mac , Depeche Mode , The Smiths , Erasure , The Cure , the Pretenders , Yaz , Falco , k.d. lang , Seal , The Cult , Ofra Haza , Barenaked Ladies , Soft Cell , artists that have brought in tens of millions of dollars in profits to TimeWarner .
Never mind any personal traits
Seymour may have seen in me , he wanted me at Sire because I had staked my bet ( music biz - wise ) on cutting edge , progressive , new wave music and because I understood , through life experience , something about marketing internationally .
( I mean , all that whiskey I was selling Indians on the steps of the YMCA in Madras ... )
Once I was at Warner Bros .
I noticed that virtually the only experience most of the senior staffers had in regard to the world outside of America was on that vacation they had once taken to Hawaii .
The overwhelming attitude at the company was that " we make records for the U.S. and whatever we sell abroad is gravy . "
I delicately tried pointing out that the gravy was started to runneth over and that we were now ( then ) selling more Madonna , more R.E.M. , more Neil Young , more Jane 's Addiction , more Lou Reed , more Eric Clapton , more Prince , more Joni Mitchell , more Rod Stewart , more Chili Peppers , more Enya , even more -- more -- Ramonesof the U.S. than in the U.S. ( True , we were still selling more Van Halen , Vince Neil , Bulletboys , Honeymoon Suite , Chicago and Damned Yankees in the U.S. , but ... feh !)
It was always incredible for me to watch how the senior VPs sat with rapt attention when some intrepid staffer returned from a grueling trip abroad -- no McDonalds , horrifying driving habits , funny languages -- to regale us all with their big adventures , only to find out that " doing international " had meant a 2 day trip to London !
There was no reason in the world , by any kind of corporate logic , that I would have made president of Reprise .
There two dozen people more senior than me when it happened .
But the fact that I had , again , made the right bet on the right genre -- if corporate rock were on the upswing I would have been theperson considered -- and it was now becoming abundantly clear that they had to havewho knewabout the international marketplace .
I kept an office in London and I never missed an opportunity to visit and work closely with our companies in Hamburg , Paris , Toronto , Milan , Tokyo , Hong Kong .
I 'm certain I was the only Warner exec -- aside from Seymour -- who had visited our subsidiaries in Cairo , Bangkok , Prague , Istanbul , Stockholm , Brussels , Hilversum , Bombay , Mexico City , Singapore , Madrid ...
My only regret was that we did n't have offices in Marrakech and Katmandu .
So what brought all this on today ?
The -- ironic that I got it there , of course -- ran a story that caught my attention : China Overtakes US as World 's Biggest Car Market .
Sales in China grew by 45 % and fell in the U.S. by 21 % in 2009 .
The U.S. should have owned the international car market .
I still travel a lot overseas .
I see lots of Japanese cars and lots of German cars , but very few American cars .
We were in Italy and Albania last month .
I do n't think I saw one American - car in Italy and only one in Albania .
They made some bad choices in Detroit ... when they were swimmin ' in gravy .
A friend of mine in Michigan says GM 's partnership deals -- which are famous for manufacturing cars overseas , depriving Americans of jobs at home -- are paying off ( for the company , at least ) in China , as well as in burgeoning car markets in India , Brazil and Russia .
Labels : Auto Industry , China , Depeche Mode , Music Business
Sailing Texas welcomes you !
We are viewed ALL OVER the US and in many other countries .
We help people buy sailboats and sell sailboats and teach people how to sail .
NOW IS THE TIME TO BUY A SAILBOAT .
IT'S HEALTHY .
250 sailboats for sale in the Classifieds .
Over 16,000 boats in the Photogallery and 77,000 photos of sailboats .
To navigate this site , click on the links in the BLUE box above ; on your left are more links to Sailing Texas and links to other sites I find useful .
On your right are links to all new and reduced price sailboats for sale and yachts for sale in the Sailing Texas Classifieds .
Below in the middle I have news and other things about sailing .
Free sailboat ad if you want to sell a sailboat .
Sailboats Wanted section .
Post a free ad for your dream boat !
Sails , trailers , parts for sailboats for sale and wanted .
Post a free ad for trailers and sailboat parts .
Sailboats sold .
List of sailboats that have sold recently .
Internet Scams .
PLEASE see these pages .
Sailboat Classifieds for about 250 sailboats for sale .
The Photo Gallery contains more than 16,000 new and used sailboats that have been listed for sale on Sailing Texas since 2002 , a useful resource for anyone buying or selling a sailboat or yacht , and about 1,000 boats are added each year .
Sailing Texas on Facebook .
All ideas for that site , let me know !
Find
Catalina sailboats
Macgregor sailboats
Hunter sailboats
As well as All other sailboats
" How To " section .
How to step masts , tie knots and many other useful articles .
Sails page . for Sails - new and used .
Sailing Texas Videos .
Videos on how to sail , sailing videos and many other things !
Sailing Texas Bookstore has just about every book and video on sailing and sailboats .
Sailboat Rentals page .
Find a place to rent or charter a sailboat .
Texas Lakes .
Central Texas lakes - drought , lake levels and boat ramps .
Click here to support Sailing Texas
Energy Conservation in the home .
FRANK'S CORNER .
Read about this section of Sailing Texas .
Send your own articles and get them published .
Please participate in this section .
We need articles !
NEW ARTICLES :
Sailboat Safety by Theo Young
Galley Planning by Norman and Elizabeth Martin .
Double handed sailing by Norman and Elizabeth Martin .
The Restoration Of Wookie - A Flicka 20 .
Article by Chris Vassiliou .
The Restoration Of Wookie - A Flicka 20 .
Chapter 2 . Article by Chris Vassiliou .
The Restoration Of Wookie - A Flicka 20 .
Chapter 3 . Article by Chris Vassiliou .
Gloucester 16 .
Article by Edward Haile .
Spacesailer 18 By Gary Dick
Alacrity Ski Yachting Regatta .
By Barney Brewer
International 505 .
ON THE EDGE : racing dinghies , and a woman .
By John Joss
Paddling a Sleeping Volcano By Jett Conner
Lake Amistad .
By Mack Warner
Why sailboats are better than women by Adon Voile
Flying Dutchman .
Article by Zhenya Kirueshkin- Stepanoff
2012 Flying Dutchman North American Championships .
By Zhenya Kirueshkin- Stepanoff
Winter sailing
Polytarp Sails
PDRacer - Dave Gray
Chapter 10 - Sail Care
A First Sailing Experience by Arthur Cayer
A Winter Project by Larry Steen
Sails are llike Tires by Greg Rutkai
Index of Articles in Frank 's Corner of Sailing Texas
Racing Overnight From Corpus Christi to Galveston Bay by Bob Harrell
Chapter 9 - Boat and Sail Care and Maintenance
The Skimmer - Article by Spike Selig
Do n't Mess With Tugs .
Short Story 4 by Frank Perras
Short Story by Jerry Roberson
Crew - itis - Article by Greg Rutkai
The new food scare over dioxin - contaminated pork has a wearying familiarity about it .
First , there 's the shock announcement that the suspect foods have been cleared from supermarket shelves .
Then , the usual experts get paraded before the media with a reassuring message about the risks being very small – a message Michael Meacher is right to question .
Food safety agencies are called in to carry out urgent investigations , implying that such events wo n't be allowed to happen again .
News gatherers ratchet up the drama with grim stories of the effects of whatever the particular poison happens to be .
Farmers and food processors step in to calm the hysteria with claims that the fuss is being overdone and a little bit of contaminant is n't going to do you much harm .
During the current dioxin scare I 've even seen a Lib Dem press release calling for better labelling , particularly for ready meals .
The suggestion is that contamination is all to do with foreign foods , and if we could only be sure our pork pies or microwave - ready toad - in - the - hole were made from good British ingredients , we'd be safe .
It 's nonsense , of course .
When it comes to safety , what matters is not where a food is produced , but how .
And with our present large - scale , centralised , industrial production systems , food scares are inevitable .
I 've a farmer friend who regularly raises a few pigs on her mixed farm .
Her chosen breed is Berkshires , once famed for the quality of their pork .
They spend their lives rootling around in pasture paddocks and feeding on a ration based on home - grown barley .
In due course , they 're trucked off to the nearest abattoir for slaughter .
The butchered meat is then returned to my friend 's farm for sale to friends and locals .
It 's inconceivable that meat like this could be contaminated by dioxins or any other industrial poison .
If the unimaginable happened and a freak storm should dust the pasture with dioxins or PCBs from heaven knows where , even then the consequences would be limited .
The contamination would be localised and contained .
Our industrial food systems , however , make intermittent catastrophes almost inevitable .
Pigs are all too often crowded together in sheds and fed rations formulated from any number of globally - traded industrial grains and food by - products .
As I write , speculation has it that the current incident was caused by contamination of animal food with non food - grade oil such as diesel fuel , or with plastic food wrappings .
Whatever the cause , once meat has become contaminated the highly - centralised nature of our food system makes wide - scale poisoning far more likely .
Contaminated meat can quickly find its way into products that may be sold in a number of countries .
Tracing contamination becomes a nightmare ; avoiding such foods virtually impossible .
In their bid to reduce the risk , food safety agencies rely on hazard analysis to identify those parts of the process where contamination is most likely .
But so extended is the global food chain that nasty surprises are inevitable from time to time .
It 's also inevitable that those of us who live on industrial foods will get an occasional dose of pollutant .
If you 're not happy with the risk - analysis route to healthy eating , the best advice I have found is to make sure your pigs – and cattle and sheep for that matter – are raised on grass .
And do n't be put off by the fact that you live in town .
I know a West Country pig farmer who makes a good living by supplying pigs direct to city folk .
He raises them – on pasture , of course – feeds them on a home - grown ration , has them slaughtered , then delivers the meat to the owner .
Having paid up front , the owner gets a photo of his or her animal and is free to visit them on the farm if they wish .
It looks to me like a fairly foolproof way of getting worry - free pork , or pretty well any other animal food come to that .
It does n't even have to be expensive .
Buying direct from the farm , consumers can often get this sort of meat at the price they 'd pay in supermarkets for the hazard - assessed version .
Whatever else its failings , industrial agriculture was supposed at least to deliver cheap food .
Unfortunately , it does n't even do that – especially when the cost of food scares is factored in .
Throughout history , religion has not only been used to fulfill people spiritually but also to explain the ' Un - explainable ' ...
For example , What is lightening ?
lightening was sent from a god named Zeus because he 's angry .
As science shed light on the reasons behind nature and how things worked ... people IN ALL CULTURES AND FAITHS began to lose their sense ( or need ) for faith .
Religion , by definition , is a belief based on some form of aphysical , faith ; pretty much believing in something that can't wholly be seen , or heard , or held but something that just is .
Human Evolution has 3 components that cause religious people to question :
1. The first is the sense ( even fear or belief ) that if the scientific basis of Evolution becomes the accepted norm , people will discount The Bible version of creation ... ( which according to many people of faith is in direct contrast with one another ) and lead people to abandon god .
2 . The second cause is this ;
It 's hard to see Macroevolution , and microevolution never makes the cut .
You can talk about the fossil record all you want , or dinosaurs , or how Finches beaks change and adapt over time , or how a set of green eyed drosphilia fruit flies can be manipulated genetically into becoming red eyed over the course of 6 generations -
The science is there .
BUT
Huge evolutionary changes take hundreds of thousands / millions of years ; there is no way for the Science side to show one organism change into a completely different being .
Hard to see is hard to prove .
3 . The THEORY of Evolution is just that .
It is not a Law of science .
Although science can prove many aspects , there is no way to bring back a trilobite or snap your fingers and fill gaps in the fossil record .
Evolution is scientific and factual ... but there is also an element of assumption and questions still exist .
The reason is that evolution is a theory , and not a very good one because it is man 's attempt to take God out of creation .
It is man 's way of slapping God in the face .
Even Darwin said at the last , " Those fools have turned a theory into a fact . '
That should tell you something .
It is when mankind does n't want to come to God in the way He wants us to that mankind looks for ways such as evolution to circumvent what they should be doing .
Religious groups are not the only ones who deny human evolution .
Scientists do as well since it is not actually a scientific fact at all .
Religious groups deny it since it is not a fact , nor is it even implied in the Bible anyway and so there is no need either way to ' bend the Bible ' to make it fit with the fallible theories of men .
So , religious groups are not in denial , they are in reality .
In fact creationist groups are keen not to use fallacious argumentation and actively discourage it .
They want to deal with , as Francis Schaeffer put it , ' the world that is , ' not a made up fairy tale , dressed up in scientific language .
The more evidence that comes to light the more problems are uncovered with the the theory of evolution .
More than that , arguments found to be scientifically fallacious , even fraudulent , are still used to support it .
Christian believers also have problems , not with the data but with the way it is interpreted .
Hence two people loooking over the rim of the Grand Canyon for example will say two different things .
The evolutionist will say 'a little water over lots of time . '
The creationist will say ' lots of water over a little time . '
Evolutionists have specifically linked evolution to an agenda which is deliberately and militantly anti-christian .
Thus it is not science as science that requires evolution to be true , but a philosophy .
Not a few leading evolutionists have plainly stated it so .
Christians involved in scientific endeavour do not find the fact of evolution to speak for themselves .
They see that evolution contradicts known scientific facts and even more so than in Darwin 's day .
So it is not really religious groups who are in denial .
Proven laws of science , not theories , are against evolution so there is no denial .
theory
scientific
" Evolution is a fact ; grab some bacteria and a microscope , and you can even do it yourself .
There 's a reason why 99.9 % of scientists use it and why the whole of biology is based on it too .
" It could be argued , and quite fairly , that many religious people actually believe ( rather than deny ) evolution .
That is , as far as the theory goes .
The question seems to make the supposition that evolutionary theory is complete as well as being scientific fact .
It is scientific , but it is n't complete , and it is n't fact .
It 's theof evolution .
Another " answer " to the question was that the theory of evolution is " not a very good one . "
Nothing could be more wrong .
There is a mountain of evidence to support it .
Oh , and that 'sevidence , by the way .
Not just rhetoric or philosophical argument .
In addition :
" Man 's attempt to take Go out of creation " is a label .
Something that has been spray painted on the theory of evolution like so much graffiti .
Who are the taggers who would do such a thing ?
Myopic fundamentalists would as they run around to rally other like ( narrow ) minds to the idea that man and / or science is out to prove that God does not exist .
Science is n't in the business of proving that God does not exist .
Why do n't the Chicken Littles see that the faithful hold the trump card ?
God can do anything .
He is omnipotent .
Theory can't compete with that .
And it does not try .
With each turn of the spade or stroke of the dust brush , new evidence comes to light .
It 's happening right now .
Somewhere in the world a crew is on a dig , and the next revelation is a millimeter away .
Does this new find fill in a gap ?
No wonder zealots are in panic mode .
What are they afraid of ?
Of what will be uncovered next ?
The rational person , the thinking person ( be he a non-believer or a Christian ) is excited about what that next find will be !
Are n't you ?
Man uses the power of his God - given intellect to see the world and everything in it for what it really is .
And in so doing , he honors the One who gave him the gifts he applies to that endeavor .
He neither deceives himself nor others , and neither does he bear false witness by distorting what science is saying to prop up his own ideas .
Do n't even act like you would n't swim in that creek .
You 'd probably even contemplate drowning on purpose AND I DON'T BLAME YOU .
It 's certainly not the worst way to go .
Not the best either , but not the worst .
These are n't paintings but true photos !
Also everything you can see in the photograph is made of real food !
Pictures were photographed by Carl Warner , a photographer who works in London , and who made specialty of these food landscapes or how I like to call them - ' foodscapes ' .
In recent years he has been commissioned by many advertising agencies throughout Europe to produce his distinctive images for clients in the food industry .
OMG if you do n't think I would eat my way all the way to the Dough Mountains , you have another thing coming .
Namely , my projectile vomit .
BLAAAAAARRRGH !!
Sorry about that .
BLAAAAAAHH !
Oh -- was n't finished .
Hit the jump for a couple more and a making - of shot .
Carl Warner 's Food Landscapes or " Foodscapes " [ moillusions ]
via
Bacon World [ unusuallife ]
Thanks to Joshua , who 's too good to use the tipline and posts shit on Facebook instead .
Tokyo , Japan ( CNN ) --
Without issuing a recall of its iconic Prius hybrid vehicles , Toyota said Thursday a software glitch is to blame for braking problems in the 2010 model .
" We would want to be given a little time , " Hiro Yuki Yokoyama , Toyota 's managing officer , said when reporters asked whether a recall was in the works .
The company changed its braking system software in January as part of what it called " constant quality improvements , " but did not say what it would do about vehicles manufactured before then .
Toyota officials described the problem as a " disconnect " in the vehicle 's complex anti-lock brake system ( ABS ) that causes less than a one - second lag .
With the delay , a vehicle going 60 mph will have traveled nearly another 90 feet before the brakes begin to take hold .
Brakes in hybrids such as the Prius operate differently from brakes in most cars .
In addition to standard brakes , which use friction from pads pressed against drums or rotors , the electric motors in hybrids help slow them .
The process also generates electricity to recharge the batteries .
The Japanese government has warned Toyota to take seriously mounting complaints with the Prius .
Toyota Vice President Shinichi Sasaki met with Japan 's transport minister on Wednesday .
i Report : How are Toyota 's problems affecting you ?
In Japan , 14 complaints about brakes in the Prius have been lodged since July .
Japan 's Ministry of Land , Infrastructure , Transport and Tourism has asked Toyota to investigate , according to the Japan Automobile Dealers Association .
" The complaints received via our dealers center around when drivers are on a bumpy road or frozen surface , " said Paul Nolasco , a Toyota Motor Corp. spokesman in Japan .
" The driver steps on the brake , and they do not get as full of a braking feel as expected . "
Full coverage of Toyota recall
In the United States , more than 100 complaints alleging poor brake performance have been lodged with the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration against the 2010 Prius , a newly designed version of the car that was introduced last summer .
" NHTSA has received a number of complaints about a potential defect affecting the brake system in Toyota 's Prius hybrid and is conducting field work to examine the issue , " the agency said Wednesday .
A search of NHTSA 's complaint database turned up many similar - sounding complaints in the United States .
" I have been driving my 2010 Prius for 6 months and have experienced the following nearly 10 times , " one owner wrote .
" When braking , if a pothole or bump in the road is hit , the car seemingly jerks forward / accelerates for a split second . "
The Prius is Toyota 's third best - selling model in the United States , ranking behind the Camry mid-size sedan and the Corolla compact car .
Toyota 's public image , and its sales , have been hit by recent recalls involving unintended acceleration .
The automaker recalled 2.3 million vehicles on January 21 because of problems with sticking gas pedals and later halted the sale of the eight models involved in the recall .
Toyota's U.S. sales plunged 16 percent in January as a result , even as sales of other automakers rose .
Toyota announced third - quarter results Thursday , posting a 10.2 percent rise in net revenue from the year before .
The quarter ended December 31 , three weeks before Toyota stopped selling the recalled models .
In a separate recall , about 4.2 million vehicles were called back in November for a problem in which the cars ' gas pedals could get stuck in some floor mats .
The last - generation version of the Prius was included in that recall , which was expanded to include an additional 1.1 million cars last week .
CNNMoney 's Peter Valdes - Dapena and Kyung Lah contributed to this report .
Do you prefer your maths in exotic locations ?
Then perhaps you should join a band of bell ringers , engaged in the grand old practice of ringing the changes .
You could then employ your art in churches throughout ( mainly ) the English speaking world .
But what does bell ringing have to do with maths ?
As we 'll explain , a lot !
The rules of the game
Let 's begin by paying a virtual visit to the bell ringers of St Paul 's Cathedral in Melbourne , Australia .
St Paul 's has twelve main bells , tuned in the key of C# major .
The smallest , which we can label bell 1 , sounds the highest note , with the largest , bell 12 , sounding the lowest .
Changes can be rung using any number of bells .
So , we 'll simplify things and begin with just bells 1 to 4 .
A change is what mathematicians refer to as a permutation , the ringing of each of the four bells exactly once .
For example , 3214 refers to the change of ringing bell 3 , then bell 2 , bell 1 and finally bell 4 .
To ring the changes means to ring a sequence of changes , whilst obeying three mathematical rules :
The sequence starts and ends with the change 1234 .
Except for 1234 as the first and last changes , no change is repeated .
From one change to the next , any bell can move by at most one position in its order of ringing .
The Plain Bob ringing of all permutations of four bells .
As an illustration of the third rule , the change 2134 would not be permitted after 3214 , since bell 3 would have to move two positions .
Here is an example of a sequence of changes , known as , which does obey the rules :
Here we first move down the left column , then the middle column and finally the right column .
You can check that the third rule is obeyed — from one change to the next a bell either remains where it is , or it swaps places with an adjacent bell , as indicated by the crosses .
Here are a few facts to give you a sense of real bell ringing .
To ring one change takes roughly two seconds , about the time for a large bell to complete its natural swing .
When bell ringers really go wild , they may ring a sequence of 5,000 changes or more ( known as a peal ) , resulting in several hours of bellish amusement for the neighbours .
Also , by convention , bell ringers are not permitted any memory aids such as sheet music .
Nor may they be relieved by another bell ringer in order to , well , " relieve " themselves .
This means that a serious bell ringer must effectively recite a sequence of several thousand numbers , one every two seconds , and to translate this sequence into perfect bell ringing .
It can take a bell ringer several months to master ringing a single bell on their own , and years before they can dream of performing marathon bell ringing as a member of a team .
Ringing lots of changes
When ringing bells , one of the grand goals is to ring a sequence that includes every possible change .
This is known as an extent .
An extent on four bells contains all 1×2×3×4=24 possible changes , as is the case for Plain Bob .
( Traditionally , the first occurrence of the change 1234 is not included in the count ) .
In general , an extent on n bells consists of all 1×2×3 × ... ×n possible changes .
If we have a large number of bells , it is not obvious how to construct an extent that obeys the bell ringing rules .
To see one way that this can be done , consider the diagram below .
It illustrates a clever method for transforming an extent on three bells into an extent on four bells .
Each of the changes in the 3 - bell extent is written four times , and then a 4 is inserted in every change , so that the new digits oscillate between right and left as indicated .
But then , the very same scheme allows us to transform our 4 - bell extent into a 5 - bell extent , and then into a 6 - bell extent , and so on , up to as many bells as we wish .
Creating a 4 - bell extent from a 3 - bell extent .
The following table indicates the numbers of changes in extents on varying numbers of bells , and the approximate time needed to ring them .
The names are those commonly used by bell ringers to denote the various sequences .
For example , our 4 - bell extent above is known as Plain Bob Minimus .
It is also possible to ring Plain Bob Doubles ( on five bells ) , Plain Bob Minor ( on six bells ) and so on , each with the same basic structure as Plain Bob Minimus .
Other sequences that you may come across carry such quintessentially English names as Reverse Canterbury Pleasure Place Doubles , Grandsire Triples , and Cambridge Surprise Major .
With one ringer per church bell , probably the largest extent that is humanly possible is an extent on eight bells .
This has apparently been achieved only once , at the Loughborough Bell Foundry in 1963 .
The ringing began at 6.52 am on July 27 , and finished at 12.50 am on July 28 , after 40,320 changes and 17 hours 58 minutes of continuous ringing , and an unknown number of complaints to the police .
Of course , to ring such an enormous sequence of changes is astonishingly difficult , both physically and mentally .
So how do they do it ?
The main trick is to use sequences that are as easy as possible to remember .
Taking a closer look at Plain Bob , you can see that each column is generated from the change at the top by a simple knitting pattern of swaps .
Then , at the end of the first and second columns , the last two bells are swapped , linking the three columns together .
Based on this simple algorithm , it is very easy to reconstruct the whole sequence from scratch .
Try it !
Also , as a bell ringer you are only in charge of a single bell and you need only remember how this one bell moves .
For example , if you were in charge of bell 4 in the 4 - bell extent constructed above , all you would have to remember is to constantly move left and right .
In Plain Bob Minimus , bell 1 also moves in this very simple manner .
Finally , as we have seen , Plain Bob Minimus splits into three similar pieces , with special transitions between them .
Most practical ringing sequences have a similar structure .
Then , all the bell ringers have to remember is how to ring one of these basic pieces , together with the exceptional transitions .
The conductor , a particularly gifted bell ringer , also memorises the transitions between the individual parts and alerts his fellow bell ringers whenever one of the transitions is approaching .
Grouping , flipping and cycling the changes
Permutations and collections of permutations have central roles in many branches of mathematics .
In particular group theory , the area of mathematics concerned with symmetries , is loaded with permutations .
And , probably the earliest examples of serious group theory in action are the highly structured bell ringing sequences developed in the early 17th century .
In particular , the structural elements that simplify the memorisation and execution of a ringing sequence often have very natural mathematical interpretations .
Let 's demonstrate this in the case of Plain Bob .
A symmetry of a shape can be thought of as a way of bringing that shape into coincidence with itself .
The following diagram illustrates how the eight symmetries of a square correspond to the eight permutations in the first column of Plain Bob Minimus .
It also shows that the transitions between these permutations simply amount to flips of the square .
( The knitting pattern of the Plain Bob ringing sequence on n bells similarly corresponds to the flipping sequences of a regular n- sided polygon ) .
Plain Bob = flipping the changes .
Collected together , the symmetries of the square form a mathematical structure called the symmetry group of the square .
The separation of Plain Bob Minimus into three columns then has an associated mathematical interpretation : it corresponds to the partition of the general symmetric group on four elements into the cosets of that group .
Perhaps a bit arcane , but pretty cool if you 're familiar with group theory .
Here is another mathematically insightful way of thinking about extents and how to construct them .
Think of the permutations as the vertices of a graph .
Two vertices are connected by an edge if there is a permitted transition ( according to bell ringers ) that transforms one change into the other .
The complete graph for four bells is shown in the following diagram .
Note that there are four different types of transitions between permutations , corresponding to four different edge colours .
Then an extent is simply a complete tour of this graph , visiting each of the vertices exactly once , and returning to the beginning vertex .
Such tours are called Hamiltonian cycles .
They play a very important role in the theory of graphs .
The 4 - bell extents correspond to the Hamiltonian cycles in this graph .
Actually , every Hamiltonian cycle in such a graph corresponds to two different extents , since a cycle can be traversed in two directions — ringing an extent backwards gives a new extent .
Below is the Hamiltonian cycle corresponding to Plain Bob Minimus .
In total , there are 10,792 different Minimus extents that can be found in the above graph .
The Hamiltonian cycle corresponding to Plain Bob Minimus .
Why the Noise ?
But how on Earth did anybody dream up this complicated , mathematical manner of ringing bells ?
Why not just play tunes ?
And how have they been getting away with doing so for centuries ?
After all , many people really do complain of the " noise " .
And together the bells do form a musical instrument ; striking the bells with hammers , one could actually play real melodies .
The problem is that if you want to ring the bells by swinging them , which sounds a lot more impressive and carries the sound much further , ringing tunes is not really an option .
We are talking about very large bells ( upwards of 1.5 tonnes in the case of St Paul's ) .
Once set in motion it is difficult for a bell ringer to much vary the interval at which such a monster bell will ring .
This is the mechanical constraint that explains the third rule of bell ringing , and motivated bell ringers to invent mathematically perfect bell ringing .
Originally , change ringing was a competitive sport , with bands of brawny ringers competing against each other .
These bands were often at odds with the Church itself , what with their less than divine inspiration .
The exercise , as it was called , had as much to do with penalising each other drinks for mess - ups as it did with actually ringing the bells .
Bell ringing has come a long way and has mellowed since its bloodsport origins .
However , if you are interested in maths and serious mind games , and maybe some ale , do visit one of 6000 churches and secular buildings where bell ringing is practised .
See the websites of The Central Council of Church Bell Ringers and The Australian and New Zealand Association of Bellringers for more information .
Even if you are the only person in a 1,000 mile radius keen on bell ringing , you need n't despair .
If you play any instrument you can simply " play the changes " .
Or , if you desire a computer program to do it all for you , check out Kees van den Doel 's bell ringing applet , or Theo van Soest 's Method Writer ( both programs are free ) .
On the other hand , if you a looking for a real challenge , you can try " juggling the changes " :
Acknowledgements
Endnotes
We 'd like to thank the bell ringers of St Paul 's Cathedral ( and St Patrick 's Cathedral ) in Melbourne , Australia , for all their help with the video clips .
Very special thanks to Helen Pettet ( the lady with the yellow top in the movie clips ) , for hosting our visits and for carefully proofreading earlier drafts of this article .
Of course , any remaining errors ( and all the cheap shots ) are totally of our making .
1 . The change corresponding to ringing the bells in order 1234 is called rounds .
Bell ringers will initially ring rounds a number of times , to warm up before launching into a proper ringing sequence .
In record attempts the first change that is counted is the first change rung that is different from rounds .
On the other hand , for a mathematical analysis of ringing sequences it makes more sense to count the last of the rounds in the warm up as the first change in the sequence .
This is what we have implicitly done in this article − all our ringing sequences start with rounds .
A minor difference , but probably worth pointing out .
2 . The most common challenge that real bell ringers set for themselves is to ring a peal , comprising at least 5,000 changes .
Very often the target is 5,040 changes , the number of changes in an extent on seven bells .
A plaque commemorating the first peal of 5,040 changes at St Paul's .
3 . The strict rules that we 've referred to in this article are not always adhered to .
For example , the rule that ringers cannot share duty on a bell was clearly not followed in the first marathon ringing at St Paul 's in Melbourne , Australia , in 1898 : the commemorative plaque notes that two bell ringers were in charge of the largest bell .
One might chalk that up to the convict mentality .
However , in 1761 in England there was a 40,320 change extent on eight bells , also involving such cooperation : fourteen bell ringers shared the bells in that marathon .
4 . The longest sequence rung on handbells consisted of 72,000 changes on six bells , performed by three bell ringers operating two bells each .
This sequence was comprised of an extent of 720 changes rung one hundred times .
It was performed only two years ago and took just over 24 hours of continuous ringing .
Note that another of our rules was broken during this ringing , since each change was repeated one hundred times .
About the authors
Burkard Polster and Marty Ross are Australia 's tag team of mathematics .
They write the Maths Masters column for the The Age newspaper in Melbourne .
For many years they have been delivering the mathematics lecture series at the Melbourne Museum , visiting schools and touring the countryside with their Mathematical Mystery Tour .
Burkard and Marty are both lecturing mathematics , Burkard at Monash University and Marty at the University of Melbourne .
Check out what else Burkard and Marty are up to at www.QEDcat.com.
Thanks to the valuable career advice in the following letter , which appeared in my mail box , unsigned , I forsee a vast improvement in my rotten citation track record :
Dear fellow law professor ,
This letter has been around the world at least seven times .
It has been to many major conferences .
Now it has come to you .
It will bring you good fortune .
This is true even if you do n’t believe it .
But you must follow these instructions :
— Include in your next journal article the citations below .
— Remove the first citation from the list and add a citation to your journal article at the bottom .
— Make ten copies and send them to colleagues .
Within one year , you will be cited up to 10,000 times !
This will amaze your fellow faculty , assure your promotion and improve your sex life .
In addition , you will bring joy to many colleagues .
Do not break the reference loop , but send this letter on today .
Professor H. received this letter , and within a year after passing it on she was elected to the International College of Law Professors .
Professor M. threw this letter away and was denied tenure .
In Japan , Dr. I. received this letter and put it aside .
His article for Transnational Law Journal was rejected .
He found the letter and passed it on , and his article was published that year in the International Law Quarterly .
In the Midwest , Professor K. failed to pass on the letter , and in a budget cutback his entire department was eliminated .
This could happen to you if you break the chain of citations .
1. Schlecht , How High is High ? ; A Summary of the Law of Usurious Interest Rates in High- volume Drug Trafficking 76 Colum .
L. Rev. 47 , 62 ( 1987 ) .
2. Garrelts , Wiley Coyote and the Dynamite Sandwich : Continuing Viability of Reasonable Implied Assumption of the Risk 33 Warner L.J. 1011 , 1042 ( 1964 )
3. Ralston , Modern Approaches to Chaotic Heuristic Optimization ; Means of Analyzing Non-Linear Intelligent Networks with Emergent Symbolic Structure ( doctoral dissertation , University of California at Santa Royale El Camino del Rey Mar Vista by - the - sea ) ( 1968 )
4. Danielson , Getting Evidence to Stand up ; Behind - the - Scenes Defense Strategies at the John Wavne Bobbitt Trial 54 Trial Defense Counselors Quarterly 127 , 131 ( 1994 )
