The convicted Guns N' Roses uploader , Kevin Cogill , is n't the anti-piracy pitchman the Recording Industry Association of America was hoping for .
A year ago Wednesday , the 29 - year - old Los Angeles man was sentenced to two months ' home confinement and a year of probation for uploading nine unreleased tracks of Guns N' Roses ' Chinese Democracy to his music site .
Federal prosecutors initially sought six months of prison , but Cogill got no time after agreeing to do an RIAA public service announcement that would scare future file sharers straight .
But nobody has made him perform the PSA .
As of Wednesday , and he's no longer under the court 's jurisdiction .
So the deal is no longer legally binding .
" I knew as soon as this went down , nobody would give a shit about me doing a PSA , " Cogill said in a recent telephone interview .
The closest he came to providing a public service announcement was last August , in a – video interview with Current TV .
He said file sharers can get " f'd in the A " from the RIAA and get it " right in the butt . "
The proposed court - ordered PSA was vaguely defined from the beginning , he said .
" We had some conversations about it , hypothetical conversations , " Cogill said .
" I said everybody is going to laugh at it . "
FBI agents raided Cogill 's home in 2008 , and last year he pleaded guilty to uploading nine pre-release songs to his Antiquiet site from the 14 - track Chinese Democracy album .
He said he did not inform the authorities where he got them , although he said they asked .
Cara Duckworth , a spokeswoman for the RIAA , which alerted the FBI to Cogill 's unlawful uploading , said in a Wednesday e-mail that the RIAA has " discretion whether or not to move forward " with a public service announcement .
" Due to various elements of this case ( not to mention unnecessarily high production costs ) , we chose not to produce one , " the e-mail said .
We 're not sure what to think of the " high production costs " statement .
The RIAA has spent $ 64 million in legal fees and costs to collect $ 1.3 million in damages as part of its copyright - litigation campaign .
A year ago , Los Angeles federal prosecutor Craig Missakian said the PSA would be a radio or television message of " Kevin talking about the importance of protecting copyright holders ’ rights in their songs and movies . "
In a telephone interview Wednesday , Missakian said Cogill 's agreement to perform a PSA " was certainly part of our consideration " of eventually seeking 60 to 90 days in jail , compared to the original demand of six months .
" As far as our office was concerned , it was up to the RIAA to use him or not , " Missakian said
But perhaps what saved Cogill from even more prison time was the many years it took Guns N' Roses ' to publish Chinese Democracy , an album Cogill said he'd been dreaming about since he was 14 .
The band began producing the album in 1993 and it was published in November .
It reached No. 3 in the charts .
" I 've been waiting , literally half of my entire life , " he said .
The album 's slow production is significant insofar as copyright infringement law is concerned .
Cogill faced a statutory maximum of five years in prison under the original felony charge for which he was arrested , but that would have required prosecutors to prove that he had distributed pre-release , commercial material over the internet .
With the album in production for a decade and a half , the government might have had a hard time convincing a jury that it was on track for commercial distribution .
The charges were subsequently reduced to a one - year maximum , misdemeanor copyright - infringement charge , which did not require proof that Chinese Democracy was going to be released .
" That was one of our positions that there was never any indication it was coming out anytime soon , " said Cogill 's attorney , David Kaloyanides , in a Wednesday telephone interview .
Cogill wondered aloud : " How could they prove it was for commercial release when it was lying around for 15 years ? "
Other likely factors for the reduced charge , Kaloyanides said , was that some of the tracks had leaked in England 15 months before and it " might have been an intentional leak from somebody on the inside . "
Missakian said " internal discussions , " which he declined to disclose , paved the way for the government to agree to reducing the charges on the plea agreement .
A year ago , a federal judge eventually gave Cogill no prison time .
" I do n't think jail time was in the cards , " Missakian said .
Cogill , now an independent web developer , said he 'll never forget when the FBI awoke him at 7 a.m. that summer .
" I come to the door , and immediately I 'm yanked out of the doorway .
I 'm flipped around and there was like six or seven guns pointed at me , " he said .
The best advice he got was from his Los Angeles lawyer , Kaloyanides .
" He told me , " Cogill said , " ' to shut my fucking mouth and do n't say shit to the feds . ' "
But Kaloyanides was retained too late , after Cogill spilled the beans and handed over his laptop .
See Also :
The US Senate passed the much - ballyhooed financial reform bill this week to applause from an increasingly thin crowd of Obama administration supporters .
Most focused on the “ something is better than nothing ” features of the bill .
But this could barely disguise the fact that the new regulations will do little to curb the activities of the mega - financial institutions at the centre of the economic crisis that ensued in 2008 .
British Marxist academic David Harvey reminds us capitalism does n’t solve problems , it moves them around .
In this case , banks will have to do a little shuffling and manipulate the workings of a few more sections of the Federal government to continue the same practices the bill claims to curb .
The administration managed to cobble together a voting majority in the US Senate that included loyalists and a handful of Republicans who traded votes for the ability to make serious incursions into the bill .
The ideological odd couple of independent and self - described democratic socialist Bernie Sanders and the recently elected Republican Scott Brown were both yes votes .
The majority of Republicans voted no , while publicly employing their now trademark paranoia about “ bureaucracies ” , the Federal Reserve and creeping socialism .
The lone dissenting Democrat , Russ Feingold , savaged the 2300 - page bill , stating that the Senate had , “ once again , caved to Wall Street on key issues ” .
Financial companies employed the same playbook as their counterparts in the private healthcare industry .
Instead of fighting to block legislation , they employed lobbying muscle to shape its outcome .
One critical area of struggle revolved around the so - called “ Volcker rule ” .
Named after former Federal Reserve head Paul Volcker , this rule would have banned banks from running private - equity and hedge funds in order , in theory , to reduce risk - taking .
After some intense lobbying , banks managed to retain the right to invest 3 % of their capital in private equity and hedge funds .
They also delayed the full implementation of regulation for five years .
Bloomberg News reported that the lobbyist dilution led Volcker to describe the legislation as “ disappointing ” .
Another good way to judge the strength of the US bill is to examine it in relation to the global negotiations underway in Basel , Switzerland .
Here , at the beginning of the year , regulators seemed to be gaining ground in their attempts to force banks to shed risky investments .
Yet , as the weak terms of the US bill became clear , banking lobbyists went on the offensive in Europe , claiming that any serious regulation might tip the fragile economic recovery toward the now infamous “ double - dip ” recession .
Piece by piece of the far stronger Basel proposals have been whittled away .
With the November meeting of the G20 in Korea in sight , the Wall Street Journal said participants in the Basel negotiations have adopted a “ if in doubt , take it out ” approach .
US officials have led this charge by pushing to allow banks to count risky mortgage securitization rights as capital when considering amounts that can be invested in hedge funds and other investments .
US Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner ’s claim that “ I am very confident that with the strong hand this [ the US ] legislation gives us , we ’re going to be able to bring the world with us in putting in place much stronger capital standards across the financial system ” , should therefore be seen as more of threat to the economic stability of the planet than some call to regulatory action .
What the approval of the regulatory bill in the US most clearly represents is the passing of a moment when a global financial system , trembling under the weight of its own toxic investments , might have been brought under democratic control .
Public officials , informed by a desire to protect the public , could have acted on a democratic socialist impulse by taking the steps necessary to democratise the financial sector through public ownership .
Doing so would have created the basis for an economy that values human needs over shareholder profits .
Instead , the Obama administration and its Congressional counterparts , once again , displayed hedge - fund Democrat credentials by defending the right of rogue financial institutions to exist .
As Obama ’s re-election push edges closer , it would seem to be difficult to dress this latest betrayal of the public interest up as a victory .
[ Billy Wharton is the co-chair of the Socialist Party USA .
He can be reached at whartonbilly@gmail.com . ]
Speaking to Wall Street analysts , Microsoft chief executive Steve Ballmer noted that tablets are a big issue for the company and expressed concern about Apple 's success with iPad .
" Today , one of the top issues on my mind , hey there 's a category — tablets , " Ballmer said , according to a transcript by Business Insider .
" Apple has done an interesting job .
They 've sold more than I 'd like them to sell .
We think about that , " he said .
" So it 's our job to say , we have got to make things happen .
Just like we made things happen with netbooks , we have to do that with Slates . "
Ballmer introduced his comments on tablets by saying , " Windows is everywhere .
It 's in gas pumps , lights controlling stadiums , etc .
But for consumers ...
Microsoft went from no Windows in netbooks to being the guiding piece of software .
Thin laptops , gaming PCs , TVs , etc .
We have the widest array of form factors . "
What Microsoft did to netbooks
Netbooks originally debuted with Linux , which helped the low end mini-notebooks achieve an attractive low price .
However , Microsoft immediately began pressuring PC makers , including netbook leader ASUS , to switch to Windows XP , offering the software virtually for free to prevent Windows - free netbooks from gaining traction .
In the spring of 2009 , Ubuntu CEO Mark Shuttleworth expressed hope of a level playing field in the netbook market , stating in an interview that " a decent edition of Windows [ 7 ] will mean Microsoft finally has to charge full price and that Redmond will finally stop allowing OEMs to use low - cost copies of Windows XP instead of paying full price for the full version of the official flagship - Windows Vista . "
By the summer of 2009 , Ballmer was telling financial analysts that Microsoft hoped to stop the rapidly falling prices in PCs ( in part due to an influx of cheap new netbooks ) .
Using Windows 7 , Ballmer said , " Weâre going to readjust those prices north . "
At the time , he commented that Apple 's gains in PC market share were a " rounding error , " and " cost us nothing . "
He added , " hopefully , weâll take share back from Apple .
But they still sell only 10 million PCs a year , so itâs a limited opportunity . "
Tablets harder to take
A year later , Apple has increased its Mac unit sales significantly while also selling nearly as many more new iPads per quarter .
Ballmer referred to iPad as a PC , so from Microsoft 's perspective , Apple has doubled its share of the overall computer market , while making major gains in the formerly beleaguered tablet market .
Unlike the netbook market , Microsoft can't pressure Apple to convert the iPad to a Windows device .
And other PC makers have shown little enthusiasm for Windows in the tablet arena , with ASUS recently shelving its plans to use Windows Embedded Compact 7 in favor of Android .
Asked about future Microsoft tablets in the wake of HP dropping its plans for the consumer " Slate PC " it unveiled at CES just before iPad was announced ( and before buying Palm , below ) , and the news that Microsoft was canceling its own Courier tablet concept , Ballmer said , " We 've invested in touch , in ink .
Mark up annotation , you 'll see us try to bring it together to deliver slates and convertibles people will be excited about . "
Ballmer told the audience that new Microsoft tablets , " will be shipping as soon as they are ready .
It has job one urgency around here , nobody 's sleeping at this point .
We are working with those partners , not just to deliver something , but to deliver products that people really want to go buy . "
This post is part of Mashable ’s Spark of Genius series , which highlights a unique feature of startups .
The series is made possible by Microsoft BizSpark ..
If you would like to have your startup considered for inclusion , please see the details here .
Name : MyDunkTank
Quick Pitch : Anyone can do a dare to raise money for a cause they support , and their friends and family can vote with their dollars for the dare one has to do .
Genius Idea :
There are already plenty of sites like JustGiving out there that help you get donations for a cause by hosting events or just straight up asking for dough , but MyDunkTank makes things more fun and lighthearted by making it into a dare .
It goes like this :
You go to the MyDunkTank website and name the charity you want to raise money for and how much you want to raise , then make a short list of dares that you 're willing to do .
Tell your friends , family and colleagues about it , and they 'll each vote with donations on which dare they 'd like to see you do .
Go through with it after the dare 's been selected , and the money will go to the organization you selected .
Founder Blake Jennelle did the very first dare on the site .
He dressed up as a cowboy for a whole month to raise money , and documented the whole thing by posting YouTube videos to his Tumblr blog .
There are already several dares and fundraising campaigns in progress at MyDunkTank , and you can track the site on its Twitter account and Facebook page .
Do you have any great dare ideas ?
Let us know in the comments , then go do them for charity !
Image courtesy of iStockphoto , pinktag
Sponsored by Microsoft BizSpark
BizSpark is a startup program that gives you three - year access to the latest Microsoft development tools , as well as connecting you to a nationwide network of investors and incubators .
There are no upfront costs , so if your business is privately owned , less than three years old , and generates less than U.S. $ 1 million in annual revenue , you can sign up today .
Developers today build and test ASP.
NET sites and applications using one of two web - servers :
The ASP.NET Development Server that comes built - into Visual Studio
The IIS Web Server that comes built - into Windows
Both of the above options have their pros and cons , and many ASP.
NET developers have told us : “ I wish I could have the ease of use of the ASP .
NET Development Server , but still have all the power and features of IIS ” .
Today I ’m happy to announce a new , free option that we are enabling – IIS Express - that combines the best characteristics of both , and which will make it easier to build and run ASP .
NET sites and applications .
IIS Express will work with VS 2010 and Visual Web Developer 2010 Express , will run on Windows XP and higher systems , does not require an administrator account , and does not require any code changes to use .
You will be able to take advantage of it with all types of ASP .
NET applications , and it enables you to develop using a full IIS 7.x feature - set .
How Things Work Today
Before I get into the details of IIS Express , let ’s first quickly review how the ASP .
NET Development Server and IIS options work today .
ASP.NET Development Server
Visual Studio ’s built - in ASP.
NET
Development Server ( also known as “ Cassini ” ) has the benefit of being light - weight and easy to quickly run .
It does n’t listen on remote ports ( which makes it easier to get approved for many corporate security environments ) , works even when you are running under a non-administrator account , and does n’t require a separate installation step .
The fact that it is so easy to get running is a huge positive of it – and the reason it is the default web - server used by ASP .
NET projects in Visual Studio when you press F5 to run them :
The downside with the ASP .
NET Developer Server , though , is that it does not support a full set of web - server features .
For example , it does n’t support SSL , URL Rewriting Rules ( like the SEO URL Rewrite Rules I blogged about here ) , Custom Security Settings , and other richer features now offered with IIS 7 .
IIS Web Server
IIS is the other option developers use when running and testing their applications with Visual Studio .
You can configure a web project within Visual Studio to use IIS by right - clicking on the project and pulling up its properties ( and then by clicking on the “ Web ” tab within the properties window ) " :
Using IIS as your development server allows you to take full advantage of all web - server features ( SSL , URL Rewrite Rules , etc ) .
IIS is a full - fledged web - server – which means you ’ll get an experience closer to what it will work like when you deploy the application on a production server .
The downside with using the IIS option today , though , is that some companies do n’t allow full web - servers to be installed on developer machines .
IIS also requires administrator account access to setup and debug projects .
Different versions of Windows also support different versions of IIS .
For example , if you are running on Windows XP you have to use the IIS 5.1 web - server that comes with it – which does n’t support all the new features of IIS 7.x .
Configuring a web project within VS to use IIS also requires some extra installation and configuration steps .
IIS Express – The Best of Both Options
We have been working on a new flavor of IIS 7.x that is optimized for developer scenarios that we are calling “ IIS Express ” .
We think it combines the ease of use of the ASP .
NET Web Server with the full power of IIS .
Specifically :
It ’s lightweight and easy to install ( less than 10 Mb download and a super quick install )
It does not require an administrator account to run /debug applications from Visual Studio
require an administrator account to run /debug applications from Visual Studio
It enables a full web - server feature set – including SSL , URL Rewrite , Media Support , and all other IIS 7.x modules
– including SSL , URL Rewrite , Media Support , and all other IIS 7.x modules
It supports and enables the same extensibility model and web.config file settings that IIS 7.x support
It can be installed side - by - side with the full IIS web server as well as the ASP .
NET Development Server ( they do not conflict at all )
It works on Windows XP and higher operating systems – giving you a full IIS 7.x developer feature - set on all OS platforms
IIS Express ( like the ASP.
NET Development Server ) can be quickly launched to run a site from a directory on disk .
It does not require any registration / configuration steps .
This makes it really easy to launch and run for development scenarios .
VS 2010 Integration
We are enabling IIS Express so that it can be easily used with Visual Studio 2010 .
You ’ll be able to configure VS 2010 to use it instead of the ASP .
NET Web Server as the default web - server on ASP .
NET Projects .
Like the ASP.
NET Development Server today , you wo n’t need to register a site or virtual directory to use IIS Express .
It will support the same usage - model as the ASP .
NET Development Server today – just with more feature support .
When you press F5 to run an ASP .
NET project , Visual Studio can automatically launch IIS Express and use it to run / debug the application ( no extra configuration required ) .
Like the ASP.
NET Web Server , IIS Express will show up in your task - bar tray when running :
You can right - click and click “ exit ” on the icon above to quickly shutdown IIS Express .
You can also right - click and pull up a list of all sites running with it , as well as the directory location and .NET versions they are running under :
Two cool things to notice above :
1 ) The “ Test Site ” we are running , as well as IIS Express itself , live under the c:\users \[ username ] folder on disk .
This enables non-administrator usage of IIS Express and sites – and enables a bunch of scenarios not possible with the full IIS today ( including the ability to run IIS Express in both a locked - down enterprise environment as well as a locked - down school shared computer environment ) .
2 ) The “ Test Site ” we are running above using IIS Express supports both HTTP and HTTPS access .
IIS Express automatically installs a “ self - signed certificate ” and enables URL ACLs and SSL Certificates for ports so that developers ( running as non-administrators on a machine ) can use SSL without needing to elevate their accounts or setup any additional configuration .
This enables you to configure secure pages within your applications ( like Logon forms ) for SSL and run / test them at development time just like they ’ll work on your real web - server .
IIS 7.x Feature Set
IIS Express is as easy to run and use as the ASP .
NET Web Server you are familiar with today .
But because IIS Express is based on the IIS 7 x codebase , you have a full web - server feature - set that you can use .
This means you can build and run your applications just they ’ll work on a real production web - server .
In addition to scenarios like SSL , you can take advantage of the IIS 7.x URL Rewriter module , Media Extensions , Dynamic Compression , Advanced Logging , Custom Security and other rich modules now available .
In addition to supporting ASP .
NET , IIS Express also supports Classic ASP and other file - types and extensions supported by IIS – which also makes it ideal for sites that combine a variety of different technologies .
Summary
We think IIS Express makes it even easier to build , run and test web applications .
It works with all versions of ASP.
NET and supports all ASP.
NET application types ( including obviously ASP.
NET Web Forms and ASP. NET MVC applications ) .
Best of all – you do not need to change any code to take advantage of it .
You ’ll be able to optionally use it with all your current projects today .
We ’ll be releasing the first public beta of IIS Express shortly .
With the beta you ’ll be able to right - click on a file - system folder and have IIS Express launch a web - site based on that file - system location .
We ’ll also be releasing a patch for VS 2010 and Visual Web Developer 2010 Express later this year that will enable you to automatically launch and use IIS Express in place of VS ’s built - in ASP .
NET Developer Server .
Future versions of Visual Studio will then ship with this functionality built - in .
Hope this helps ,
Scott
P.S. In addition to blogging , I am also now using Twitter for quick updates and to share links .
Follow me at : twitter.com /scottgu
GPS Drawing
TRAVERSE ME
Warwick campus map [ A4 Map ] [ Photographs ] [ Free Map ] [ Limited Edition Print ]
The University of Warwick campus map was drawn on foot at 1:1 scale with 238 miles of GPS tracks walked over 17 days
1:5 000 Scale 20" x30 " Limited Edition Prints are available for £ 95 from the Mead Gallery
Traverse
Me is a map drawn by walking across campus with a GPS device to invite the viewer to see a different landscape to that which surrounds them .
It questions the possibilities of where they are and inspires a personal reading of their movements and explorations of the campus .
Traverse Me Backside Photo map ( more ... )
I responded to the structure of each location and avoided walking along roads and paths when possible .
The route was recorded with GPS technology and was walked in stages over the 300 hectare site .
My shoes turned brown in the dry fields and they turned green in the long grass .
The compass rose and the globe were paced out over cricket pitches , and the scale was measured along a narrow tractor rut .
I collided with objects and buildings , barriers and footpaths , and traipsed over the tops of multi-story car parks .
Security was called on me twice on separate occasions and I lost count of how many times I happened to trigger an automatic sliding door .
Traverse
Me with aerial images
Traverse Me Blue 1:5 000 scale screen print
Natural Path , Unatural Path , and GPS Gate
Commissioned by the
Jeremy Wood .
06/2010
www.gpsdrawing.com
TORONTO ( PAI )
– The world ’s top political leaders are failing to meet the global job creation challenge resulting from the Great Recession , and instead seem to be inclined to listen to deficit - cutting policies pushed by the business elite , international union leaders say .
And those policies could put the world back into another slump .
Speaking after representatives from the International Trades Union Congress met German Chancellor Angela Merkel during the G - 20 summit in Toronto , new ITUC General Secretary Sharan Burrow added such a choice risks sleepwalking the world back into a double - dip recession “ due to their haste to halve fiscal deficits by 2013 or even sooner . ”
Burrow , an Australian , is the first woman to lead the ITUC .
“ Jobs and better wages are at the heart of economic recovery , and last year G20 Leaders seemed to have recognized that ” when they met in Pittsburgh last year , Burrow added .
“ This year they are sending mixed and ambiguous signals that risk undermining the weak shoots of recovery . ”
The G - 20 leaders , including Democratic President Barack Obama , leaders of major European nations , plus South Africa , Saudi Arabia , Australia , Brazil , Japan and several others , pledged to try to cut deficits in future years , especially in the most - developed countries , such as the U.S .
“ The leaders ’ communiqué frequently contradicts itself , speaking of cutting deficits by 2013 yet welcoming recommendations from their own labour ministers that say jobs should be a priority , ” said top British trade union leader John Evans .
“ This is the wrong communiqué at the wrong time — an essentially descriptive text bespeaking unacceptable complacency in the face of a worsening jobs crisis , at a time when unemployment risks surging again as a result of premature deficit reduction measures , ” added Burrow .
In the U.S. , Obama faces similar pressures to cut the deficit and against further “ stimulus ” spending .
A Senate Republican filibuster successfully trashed a jobs bill , the day before he left for Toronto .
That measure would have further extended jobless benefits , at a time of 9.7 % unemployment — and when half of the jobless had already exhausted their benefits .
Economists calculate millions more people could lose aid .
But even that measure was watered down in an unsuccessful effort to get votes and appease financial conservatives : COBRA health insurance extensions for the jobless were dumped , as was a prior $ 25 - per - week increase in jobless benefits — aid that was particularly useful in low - benefit states such as Mississippi and Arkansas .
ITUC said it was pleased that Merkel , who met the union delegation in Toronto on June 26 “ supported union demands to reference the recent G - 20 labour ministers meeting in Washington in the final statement . ”
Merkel also said Germany is ready to host a labor ministers meeting “ during the next year . ”
Neither Merkel nor the ITUC said what that “ reference ” would include .
The labor ministers , in their D.C. meeting earlier this year , presented a set of recommendations to Obama and the other leaders that included support for workers ’ rights .
Labor Secretary Hilda Solis implicitly said that included the right to organize , but labor ministers from large economies that lack workers ’ rights — notably China and Saudi Arabia — were not at the press conference where she made that statement .
“ At least the leaders endorsed the G - 20 labour ministers ’ recommendations , ” stated Evans .
“ However , they failed to set dates for a follow - up labour ministerial , or to establish a mechanism to consult with unions and implement urgently needed employment - intensive solutions to the crisis . ”
And the union leaders were also irked that the presidents , prime ministers and other leaders of the G - 20 nations listened to the business elite — and not to workers hurt by the Great Recession .
“ The Canadian and Korean hosts of this year ’s G - 20 ” summits “ seem to consider it more important to rub shoulders with their ‘ B - 20 ’ and ‘ B - 100 ’ groups of business leaders , than to include trade unions in the process , ” stated Burrow .
The next G - 20 summit , later this year , will be in Seoul , South Korea .
“ They should take care : Working people around the world are getting angry at the assumption they will meekly pay the price for the crisis .
On the streets and through the ballot boxes , politicians can expect them to make their feelings known , ” Burrow warned .
The ITUC declared that world leaders should reverse that course of listening to business , and start listening to the workers , on everything from creating jobs to fixing the banking system to foreign aid to alleviate poverty and controlling climate change .
“ The G - 20 set up a ‘ Framework for Strong Sustainable and Balanced Growth , ’ yet decisions they have taken could drive the world in the opposite direction , ” said Evans .
Burrow added , “ The International Labour Organization must be given the task of writing the recommendations on employment and social protection , central to all economic and social policy , for the G - 20 framework . ”
But ILO has no enforcement power .
Photo : Scott Marshall / PW
Andy's Most Useful Knots
Before we start , one word about orientation : on the left , there are links to the multiple pages in this series .
What Knots Should I Know ?
I needed a collection of knots that was like a Swiss - Army knife .
Knot References
Best Knots to attach a rope to a tree , climber , etc .
If you 're climbing on a simple bowline for climbing , it 's usually advised that you tie the end of the rope to the loaded end using two half - hitches or a double overhand knot
Best Knots to Make a Fixed Loop in a Rope
Best Sliding Loop
Best " Slide - And - Grip " Adjustable Loop ( tensioning rope )
Best Knots to Tie Two Ropes Together — Bends
Tightening a rope around a bulky object
Tightening the mouth of a bag
Stopping a rope from going through a loop
Securing a load / pulling something tight
Tying two poles together ( lashing )
Repeat the " square " twice
Repeat the " square " twice
Finishing off a binding or lashing
Zigzag Turns ( Backtracking )
Best Knot Books and Knot PDFs
Links
Thanks for subscribing !
Get ready for some great content .
PubNub adds Publish and Subscribe for PHP developers .
Developers can use Publish / Subscribe from a terminal or web server .
PubNub adds Publish and Subscribe for PHP developers .
Developers can use Publish / Subscribe from a terminal or web server like Apache / NginX / lighttpd .
PubNub PHP Push API provides real time Publish and Subscribe for PHP Developers .
This means JavaScript Browsers can push messages to PHP servers .
JavaScript Browsers can also push to PHP command line programs running in a terminal .
All APIs are 100 % real - time .
This walk through is intended to work on your laptop in a terminal / console .
If you do n’t have a terminal / console , then read the JavaScript Push API .
Our Ruby , JavaScript and C# Push APIs are available on GitHub .
Download the PubNub API on GitHub .
PHP developers can push messages to JavaScript Browsers .
Read PHP Push API Reference Tutorial for a condensed reference of API function calls .
JavaScript PHP Push API “ Hello World ”
Let ’s take a look at how developers can create channels between PHP and JavaScript .
The most common usage pattern for real time applications will be explained first .
A JavaScript Browser ( like Firefox ) will subscribe and listen for messages with PUBNUB.subscribe( ) .
PHP will then push messages with $ pubnub.publish ( ) .
JavaScript
The above JavaScript is fully cross browser compatible .
The code will listen for messages published on ‘ my_test_channel ’ channel .
When a message is received , the JavaScript will validate if ‘ some_text ‘ exists in the message object .
If this attribute exists , then show an alert box !
Now use PHP to publish a message to invoke the JavaScript Alert box .
PHP
This PHP code will send a message to a JavaScript Browser listening on ‘ my_test_channel ‘ channel .
When this PHP Code executes , a JavaScript Browser will receive the PHP array and show an alert message of ‘ hello !’.
Send Messages to PHP from JavaScript
This next example is uncommon , but powerful .
JavaScript has the capability to send messages to PHP .
PUBNUB.publish ( ) in a JavaScript Browser will send real time messages to a PHP Script .
This PHP Script will be listening with $ pubnub.subscribe( ) .
PHP can receive messages directly from a JavaScript Browser .
Here is the PHP Code :
PHP Listens for a Message
The above code makes PHP listen on ‘ extra_cool_channel ‘ channel .
Next we send messages from JavaScript to PHP .
Note that this PHP code may be running in a terminal window .
JavaScript
When we execute this JavaScript code , the PHP Script will receive { ' some_var ' : ' what up ? ' } message .
The output of the PHP Script will look like :
PHP Output
That ’s it .
Pretty simple right ?
This code works without needing a web server .
It will work on your laptop right now !
You need Publish and Subscribe Keys .
Publish and Subscribe Keys are needed for every PubNub application .
All the API keys are available in the Developer Portal here .
Just sign up for an account and all the keys will be available .
PHP Command Line Chat Video
The video demonstrates a CLI ( Command Line Interface ) PHP Chat Client .
It uses real time PubNub Publish and Subscribe Framework for PHP Developers .
The link below will take you to the PHP Push API Reference Page with a full list of available API calls .
PHP Push API Reference Tutorial
TORONTO - Dr. Izzeldin Abuelaish speaks frankly to Israelis and Palestinians , in synagogues , mosques and cultural centers , in this city , where he now resides .
On January 16 , 2009 three of his daughters , Bessan ( 20 ) , Mayar ( 15 ) and Aya ( 13 ) , and his niece , Noor ( 17 ) were killed by an Israel Defense Forces shell fired directly into their bedroom .
When Operation Cast Lead in Gaza started , he stopped traveling to his job at Sheba Medical Center at Tel Hashomer , where he worked in in vitro fertilization .
A widower , he did not want to leave his children alone at home and in any case it was impossible to get through the checkpoints and enter Israel .
Abuelaish became a popular commentator on events in Gaza in the Israeli press .
When the shell struck his home , he knew he had to get his injured family to a hospital in Israel as fast as possible .
He bypassed the bureaucracy at the checkpoints when he phoned his friend , Channel 10 correspondent Shlomi Eldar , and during an emotional live broadcast , pleaded for assistance .
Six months later , he moved to Toronto with his five remaining children , and now works at the University of Toronto 's faculty of medicine - the Dalla Lana School of Public Health .
This was his original plan , even before tragedy struck .
In Canada , Abuelaish has chosen to bury the urge for revenge , and focus on cooperation and fraternity , and has written about his suffering and his hope in a new book entitled " I Shall Not Hate " ( RandomHouse ) .
Open gallery view Dr. Izzeldin Abuleish Credit : Eliyahu Hershkovitz
How is it that you are still optimistic ?
" People think that I will wallow in hatred and revenge .
As a believing Muslim and a physician , my answer to the hatred and revenge is the success in overcoming them .
I am compelled to believe that out of our suffering something good has to emerge ; the other alternative is too dark for me .
My three dear daughters and my niece are dead .
The revenge that is characteristic of the Middle East will not bring them back to me .
It is important to feel the anger in such a situation - but you can choose not to turn this anger into hatred .
Revenge will only scare away wisdom and lead to more anguish . "
Do you believe there is hope ?
" If I do n't have hope inside me , I 'm not alive .
Each one of us can and should make a change .
The change is small , overcoming the emotional barriers and the hatred , and [ involves ] thinking about the other .
" There are on both sides people who want to live a tranquil life of enjoyment and dignity .
I ca n't ask that the Palestinian people have their own rights without supporting the Israeli people - they too should have rights .
The two peoples are intertwined with each other , like Siamese twins ; if you stab one , the other also experiences pain and the suffering is shared by all of us . "
What reactions do you hear when you travel around and speak about your basic beliefs ?
" When I hear Israelis or Palestinians [ speak ] , they do n't look at themselves - right away , they start talking about the other side .
We have to move forward .
Time is creating more extremists on both sides and the ball is in Israel 's court . "
Do you feel that we , both peoples , are too busy with our past and with " what belongs to whom " to the point where we are burying the future ?
" History has to be the basis for diagnosing the patient and his status , and according to that we should build a better future - not by blaming the patient and denouncing because of his condition . "
In your book , you criticize the Palestinian leadership and write that simple and inexpensive Qassams are actually the most expensive weapons in the world if we take into account the harsh ramifications they have for both sides .
So what do you say to those who argue that there is no one to talk to ?
" The two peoples need an immune system against hatred .
The Palestinians also feel they have no one to talk to .
The Palestinian Authority and [ PA President ]
Abu Mazen are the ones that have to be approached - and they are willing to move forward .
I do not make a distinction when it comes to Hamas , just as in Israel I do n't speak of parties .
I do n't refer to Sderot as a separate state , but rather as part of the State of Israel .
We have to leave behind the arguments over who is making whom more miserable , and start talking to each other with respect and as equals . "
Gilad Shalit 's parents walked from their home to Jerusalem , helpless , and are still waiting for their son 's release .
" For me human life and individual freedom are important .
I want Gilad Shalit to be freed and I understand the pain and suffering of his parents .
I lost my daughters and to this day no one from the Israeli government has apologized to me - on the contrary , they are even proud of it . "
Are you directing your remarks to Hamas as well ?
" I am not talking about Hamas , but about human beings [ in general ] .
And what do you say about the Israeli government , which is not releasing the prisoners ?
This does not help facilitate the primary objective :
They should all be freed and a new life should begin .
There are two sides to the coin .
We have to leave behind the ego and personal interests .
The Israeli child is equal to the Palestinian child .
One and a half million people in Gaza suffer every day and this is an embarrassment to the Israeli people , each one of them is the same as Ehud Barak and every other Israeli .
If you want to move forward , you must treat everyone as equal human beings . "
The cover of the book features a photo taken in December 2008 , a month before the girls were killed .
In the photo , the three sit on the beach and their names are drawn in the sand .
Does that day have any special significance for you ?
" It is rare for someone to see his name etched anywhere , such as in stone or metal .
It is typical of generals and officeholders .
For most of us , the only place our name is etched is on our gravestone .
I promised that the names of my daughters would be etched in stone and metal and in Jerusalem stone and everywhere .
I want through them to provide Palestinian women and girls an opportunity to get an education , and to that end I set up a foundation in memory of my daughters : Daughters for Life ( http:daughtersforlife.com ) .
Will you return to Gaza or have you decided to remain in Canada ?
" First of all , I have a five - year contract in Toronto .
But I am constantly returning to Gaza and I see things differently .
For me , the entire world is my home .
When I can contribute and help from any given place - that is where my home is .
You have to work for the sake of humanity and not on behalf of a territory . "
A federal grand jury in Miami , Florida has indicted an Israeli defense consultant and an American citizen of conspiring to transfer hundreds of AK - 47s to northern Somalia .
Chanoch Miller , an Israeli aeronautical engineer who previously served as an executive with Israel ’s Radom Aviation , was indicted on June 17 , 2010 on seven counts of conspiring to export defense equipment to an embargoed nation , Somalia , money laundering , providing false end user certificates , and related charges .
His co-defendant ’s name is redacted in the indictment but is described as an American citizen .
Beginning in April , according to the indictment , Miller conspired with his American co-defendant to find an air cargo service to fly hundreds of AK - 47s from Bosnia to the northern Somalian city of Banderal , using false end user certificates of Chad , in violation of U.S. arms export control laws .
Somalia is under a UN arms embargo .
But the transport services source they contacted turned out to be an informant for the U.S. Customs and Immigrations Enforcement ( ICE ) agency , the indictment describes .
“ On April 15 , 2010 , [ redacted name of co-defendant ] sent an email to an Immigrations and Customs Enforcement confidential informant ( hereafter CI ) and asked if CI had Antonov 12 or similar line [ aircraft ] available for two charter flights from Bosnia to Africa to lift 12 tons on each flight for two round trips , landing in Africa “ to unload mil equipments ” and return to Bosnia for a second trip , ” the indictment reads .
“ On April 21 , 2010 , [ blacked out ] sent an email to the CI and advised the CI that the cargo would be Boxed AK - 47s , 6 to 7.6 tons , and that the CI could choose to use AN26 or AN12 aircraft from Tuzla Bosnia to Banderal , Northern Somalia and that payment would be made by wire transfer or cash before departure . ”
“ On April 21 , 2010 , [ blacked out ] sent an email to the CI and advised that he has enough cargo for 100 flights if the first flight is successful . ”
“ On April 28 , 2010 , [ blacked out ] sent an email to the CI and also sent a copy of the email to CHANOCH MILLER and advised that CHANOCH MILLER , who was the buyer in Israel and who would sign the contract and pay the CI , had accepted the price at least verbally but was hoping to get the first flight done sooner . ”
Miller arranged through the same confidential informant to purchase 700 AK - 47s , 200 in the U.S. and 500 in Panama , and fly them to Somaliland earlier this month .
On June 15 , 2010 , the indictment states , Miller wired $ 116,000 from an Israeli bank to a Broward County , Florida Wells Fargo branch to pay for the air services including a $ 2,000 commission for his co-defendant , the indictment said .
The case against Miller was brought by the United States Attorney for the Southern District of Florida Wifredo Ferrer and Assistant U.S. Attorney Michael Walleisa .
Miller was arrested on June 18th , court documents show , and was due to be arraigned today .
The indictment of his co-defendant is sealed , until his arrest or August 9 , 2010 , whichever comes first .
In February , Somaliland local press cited an Israeli foreign ministry official that Israel was considering recognizing Somaliland as an independent country , but the official has denied ever making such a statement and said the local media had made it up .
" It 's pure fabrication , " Israeli foreign ministry spokesman Yigal Palmor told POLITICO Monday .
" A few months ago , someone brought my attention to the fact that a pro-Somaliland website quotes an interview I supposedly gave to the Israeli paper Haaretz in which I supposedly said a few things .
I never spoke to Haaretz on any subject to do with Somalia or freedom of Somaliland .
It 's pure fabrication .
And you know what , the funniest thing , after this is published , and circulated on pro-Somaliland websites , pro-Somaliland activists are asking me to be their friend on Facebook . "
Somaliland , a former British colony , is strategically located in the Gulf of Aden .
The breakaway republic held elections on Sunday which international observers declared free and fair .
UPDATE : Identity of co-defendant unsealed -- and he 's got an interesting past .
Image courtesy of Drieakko
comments closed
permalink
Over the last several weeks , Indiana Gov. Mitch Daniels has been under attack from Religious Right activists for his statement that the nation needed to call a “ truce ” in the culture wars in order to focus on more important issues .
Obviously , social conservatives refuse to accept any such truce , as fighting the culture war is their entire reason for existing and have begun questioning Daniels ’ conservative bona fides .
But that is clearly unjustified because , as this interview with him from December demonstrates , he clearly shares their worldview :
HIV Researchers Now Using the ' C ' Word Scientists appear to be warming to the possibility of a cure for HIV and AIDS .
July 24 , 2010  -- VIENNA --
For years , human immunodeficiency virus ( HIV ) researchers have shied away from the whole notion of a cure , largely because evidence showed the virus can persist even under intensive treatment .
But now , they are -- tentatively -- expressing a renewed interest in the idea .
That interest is sparked by clinical data showing an apparent cure in a single case and some technical advances that make it easier to track very low levels of HIV infection , experts said at the International AIDS Conference here .
But progress is hampered by lack of money for research in the field and by what one prominent researcher called " fundamental gaps " in the understanding of how HIV and the human body interact .
Nonetheless , researchers gathered here last week -- before the start of the AIDS conference -- for a two - day workshop called " Towards a Cure . "
Led by Nobel laureate Francoise Barre - Sinoussi , the workshop considered a host of questions , including :
What are the clinical implications of HIV persistence under treatment ?
Where and how does HIV hide from the immune system and anti-HIV drugs ?
How does HIV persist ?
What are potential therapeutic interventions and how can they be evaluated ?
There has been some study of those issues " but we can certainly do better , " according to Barre - Sinoussi , who was one of the researchers involved in identifying the human immunodeficiency virus .
She noted that vaccine research -- which has been much in the news here -- is supported by international groups that co-ordinate the science and lobby for money .
" There is no equivalent for research into remission or functional cure , " Barre - Sinoussi said .
One thing that is clear is that current therapies can only control the virus , not eradicate it , according to Maureen Goodenow of the University of Florida .
That 's because the virus persists -- even when it is undetectable in plasma -- in " diverse " cells and physical locations .
HIV Solution Could Still Be Far Off
These so - called " reservoirs " consist of cells that harbor the virus , but in which it is not actively replicating .
One important question is whether it is even possible for current therapies to eradicate any of the reservoirs , Goodenow said .
So far , the evidence is weighted against that possibility , according to Dr. Frank Maldarelli of the National Cancer Institute .
" All the drugs we have now available only affect active replication , " he told reporters .
Controlling replication is enough to keep a patient alive and well , but wo n't have any effect on cells in which the virus is lying dormant , he said .
So it 's critical to know if the virus can piggyback on cells without replication , he said , since there 's evidence that simple growth of such cells is enough to allow the virus to spread , even when it is not actively replicating .
Researchers have tried to " intensify " therapy -- adding drugs to a successful treatment regimen in an attempt to completely eliminate all traces of HIV -- but without success , Maldarelli said .
The workshop was told that even in such circumstances , low levels of HIV viremia persist , he said .
One piece of data that has galvanized researchers is the recent case of a bone marrow transplant that appears to have cured a man of HIV .
The lead researcher in that case , Dr. Gero Hutter of Berlin 's Charite - Medical University , reported at the workshop that the patient remains well and off antiretroviral drugs two years after the transplant , Maldarelli said .
The apparent cure was possible because the man 's HIV was CCR5 - tropic -- it preferentially used the CCR5 receptor to enter target cells -- and the donor had a mutation that left his immune cells without that receptor .
The patient 's virus may still be present , Maldarelli said , but it is apparently not replicating .
Researchers are now trying to see if the apparent cure can be duplicated therapeutically , perhaps through gene transfer technology .
That 's one of the " breakthroughs and changes in the science " that have renewed interest in searching for a cure , according to Carl Dieffenbach , who directs the AIDS division at the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases .
Scientists Working to Crack Code of HIV
Among others , Dieffenbach said , are the invention of highly sensitive tests that can detect single copies of HIV RNA , making it possible for the first time to address the question of how the virus persists , and the development of safe vectors for gene transfer .
He and others would also like to see the development of small molecules that would target HIV - infected cells , he said .
Because of those breakthrough , the idea of curing HIV infection is " less of a taboo " than it once was , Dieffenbach said .
But Dieffenbach conceded that even at his institute , which has perhaps the most money of any HIV research program in the world , the search for a cure is not getting a huge share of available resources .
He and the leaders of two major European research organizations said their total budget for such research is no more than about $ 100 million .
More than half of that is from the NIAID , Dieffenbach said .
But that 's a tiny fraction of the $ 1.54 billion the institute spent on HIV and AIDS research in 2009 , according to activist Kate Krauss , of the San Francisco - based AIDS Policy Project .
She said cure research amounts to about 3 percent of the budget for HIV and AIDS .
Cure research " is astonishingly underfunded , " she said .
Update 2015 - 04 - 27 : _We now recommend OpenKeychain over APG , the app described in this blog post .
The set up is drastically easier , so you probably do n’t even need this HOWTO anymore .
Start by downloading K - 9 and OpenKeychain , then go into OpenKeychain and start the config there ._
Over the past few years it ’s become increasingly popular to sound the call that ‘ email is dead { # y8a0} . ’
And while many complementary forms of synchronous and asynchronous communication – from IM to social networking – have evolved since email first came on the scene , it ’s hard to see email suddenly disappearing from its role as the most important way organizations communicate .
I expect to be scooting around on my hoverboard by the time email goes the way of the dinosaur .
Unfortunately , many of the protocols involved in sending and receiving e-mail are not considered secure – in the sense that they are vulnerable to eavesdropping .
Simple Mail Transport Protocol ( SMTP ) – the Internet standard for e-mail transmission across IP networks most commonly used by client applications for sending messages to a mail server for relaying – is typically implemented without any type of transport encryption .
Internet Message Access Protocol ( IMAP ) and Post Office Protocol ( POP ) suffer from the same eavesdropping issues as SMTP when implemented without transport encryption .
Even when SMTP is implemented with transport encryption it does not , by default , require the authentication of e-mail message senders .
As a result , mail servers cannot be sure that the senders of messages are really who they claim to be .
And even though POP and IMAP require users to authenticate , messages are sent and delivered using SMTP .
The result is a situation where the recipient of an e-mail message can be positively identified but the sender cannot .
Along with the eavesdropping concerns mentioned at the top of the paragraph , this is an alarming state of affairs .
Imagine if the same were true of snail mail – there would be rioting in the streets !
Fortunately there has been a lot of great work done to combat these fears – the main issue being that the problem itself is still one that is often ignored or not fully understood by the layperson .
As secure solutions for mobile platforms gain momentum , we ’re hoping to change things .
Enter OpenPGP , an IETF standard for encryption and decryption of data .
The version of OpenPGP that exists today is the evolution of PGP , which was created in 1991 as a means for secure BBSs communication and message storage ( it ironically also stands for “ Pretty Good Privacy ” ) .
Why do you need PGP ?
In the words of its inventory , Phil Zimmerman : “ It empowers people to take their privacy into their own hands . ”
How it works is a whole other story – one too complex for the purposes of this posting – but we ’ll do our best to scrape the surface quickly .
Disclaimer :
The following is meant solely as an introduction .
There are many people out there who are experts in these topics , and we welcome any and all comments – especially if we misstate or misrepresent anything !
PGP uses a serial combination of hashing , data compression , symmetric - key cryptography , and , finally , public - key cryptography .
From the user ’s perspective , it creates two cryptographic keys to encrypt and decrypt data .
The first of these two is called the Public Key – which can be freely shared with anyone the user wishes and is used by others to encrypt data so that it can be decrypted by only the intended recipient .
The second key is the Private Key , which should be kept as private and safe as possible .
It is used to decrypt data that has been encrypted using a specific Public Key .
As long as the Private Key is kept secret , only the owner is able to decrypt data that has been encrypted with a Public Key .
One problem with older methods of encryption was the relative ease with which codes could be broken .
With increasingly powerful computers that are able to crack codes via pure ‘ brute force , ’ encoding methods must be incredibly complex to stand up .
To combat this , PGP uses a key that is astronomically large , meaning that the security of PGP encryption lies entirely with the key as opposed to keeping the method for key generation a secret .
In fact , the methods that PGP encryption uses are known and widely documented .
In addition , the size of keys can be increased whenever necessary to stay one step ahead of technological advances .
And for the time being , each of the algorithms in current use by PGP is not known to have cryptanalytic weaknesses .
So how secure does this make your information ?
Italian Police , the FBI , and British police have been unable to crack its security and have resorted to demanding private keys .
It ’s been likened as “ the closest you ’re likely to get to military - grade encryption ” by cryptographer Bruce Schneier .
Short answer : pretty darn good , as long as you guard your private key wisely .
You ’ve probably guessed by now that the reason for this posting is to show you how to effectively use OpenPGP to secure your mobile email .
And while we would ’ve loved to just jump right into the tutorial , there are a few more things you should know first .
Android Privacy Guard{#udlg} ( or APG for short ) , is a first step at bringing OpenPGP {#qtjc} to the Android platform , letting you manage OpenPGP keys directly from your Android phone – and use them to encrypt , sign and decrypt emails and files .
Very recently the teams behind APG and the popular , open - source Android email client K - 9 Mail have joined forces in a limited edition team - up to create a beta version of K - 9 that plays nice with APG quite seamlessly .
We ’ve been using it as our default email solution at Guardian for weeks now and want to share it with you !
Note : Currently APG only supports importing and deleting keys – not generating them – so you ’ve got to use a desktop implementation of OpenPGP ( such as GNU Privacy Guard{#vrm_} ) to actually generate your keypair if you do n’t already have one .
A number of front - end applications and libraries are available to perform this task .
If you already have a keypair set up , you should skip the first step .
1. Download and Install GnuPG Generate an OpenPGP keypair
Install GnuPG here .
There are binaries available for whatever OS flavor you prefer , and since they do a great job of making documentation and How - To Guides available , we ’ll skip the part where we reinvent the wheel .
2. Generate and export your keypair
Follow the instructions here to create a new keypair .
Export your public and private keys ( re - direct from stdout to a file ) and stick that file on your Android device ’s SD card .
Usually it ’s best to create a new folder / APG to keep things organized , especially if your SD card is a mess like ours 🙂
3. Download APG and import your keys
If you do n’t already have it , download Android Privacy Guard from its repository here or point your barcode scanner to the QR code below .
You can also find it on the Market if you prefer .
Fire up APG and select ‘ Manage Public Keys ’ from the menu :
From the ‘ Manage Public Keys ’ screen , select ‘ Import Keys ’ :
From the popup dialog , select the public key that you ’ve transferred to your SD card .
It ’s helpful to use a file browser program like Astro File Manager if you do n’t already have it installed :
OTTAWA — Federal civil servants wo n't get to fill out a workplace survey because the Conservative government has axed it .
It appears the next Public Service Employee Survey has wound up in the Treasury Board 's budgetary crosshairs .
A Statistics Canada official broke the news to colleagues last month in an email obtained by The Canadian Press .
“ I regret to inform you that plans for the 2010 Public Service Employee Survey are cancelled , ” Geoff Bowlby , head of the agency 's labour statistics division , wrote on June 2 .
“ We received notice from Treasury Board secretariat yesterday evening that funding for the project was not approved for this year .
“ Please cancel any work that you may have already initiated on this project . ”
Neither Treasury Board President Stockwell
Day nor his department were immediately able to say how much the survey cost .
The government solicits voluntary feedback from its workers every three years to improve programs and services .
The survey gives a snapshot of workers ' demographics , skills , career expectations and concerns .
The union that represents civil servants accused the Tories of turning a deaf ear to the bureaucracy .
“ In eliminating this survey , I think government is quite clearly saying to their workforce that they 're not interested , ” said Patty Ducharme , executive vice - president of the Public Service Alliance of Canada .
“ They 're not interested in hearing their ideas , they 're not interested in hearing what 's actually going on in the workplace .
“ Let 's face it : the people who deliver the services every day to Canadians from coast to coast to coast are the people who are more likely to have good ideas and suggestions for improving services . ”
The irony is that Day symbolically opened his door to department staff after taking over the Treasury Board in January .
“ If you see me out and about , please stop and say ' Hi ' and let me know what you do , ” he wrote in a note to employees .
“ I'm also inviting you to email me any time if you want to tune me in on anything .
My staff knows that I want to get any notes from you directly and quickly .
I will always try to reply to you personally , even if it takes a while . ”
Statistics Canada conducts the civil - service survey and compiles the results .
The first survey was done in 1999 ; the most recent was in 2008 .
Government workers have filled out the survey online for the last six years .
Workers without Internet access get paper copies .
About 258,000 workers received the last survey .
About 170,000 , or about two - thirds , filled it out .
The last survey turned up thousands of claims of harassment and discrimination .
More than 27,000 workers , or 16 per cent of respondents , claimed they had been harassed once or twice in the last two years .
And 20,000 workers , or 12 per cent , claimed they had been harassed more than twice .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Co-workers and bosses were mostly blamed .
Another 30,000 workers , or 18 per cent of respondents , alleged discrimination , mostly based on gender , age and ethnicity .
Word of this survey being scrapped comes as the Tories are under fire for getting rid of the mandatory , long - form census .
The head of Statistics Canada quit last week after Industry Minister Tony Clement claimed the agency supported replacing the long - form census with a voluntary survey .
It did not .
Clement has since clarified that the decision to scrap the census was made by the federal cabinet alone .
Many groups oppose that decision .
They say data will be less accurate if the survey is voluntary instead of mandatory because fewer people will fill it out .
Union executive Ducharme has similar concerns about cutting the public - service survey .
“ In the short term , it 'll be a little blip in the picture , ” she said .
“ But in the longer term , for improving the work environment , for ensuring that managers are well trained to manage , that programs have the resources to deliver the programs that they 're supposed to and that government plans for that , I think ... it will have a potentially negative impact . ”
The Conservatives have clashed with the bureaucracy since coming to power .
Theformer heads of the RCMP Public Complaints Commission , the Military Police Complaints Commission and the Nuclear Safety Commission were all turfed after running afoul of the Tories .
A former Public Works adviser won a $ 1.3 million settlement last week after he was fired over a news report that turned out to be wrong .
The Conservatives let him go even though an internal probe exonerated him .
About The Author This guest post was written by Jean - Baptiste Jung , a 28 - year - old blogger from Belgium , who blogs about Web Development on Cats Who Code , about WordPress at … More about Jean - Baptiste Jung …
10 Useful WordPress Security Tweaks
Smashing Newsletter
Every week , we send out useful front - end & UX techniques .
Subscribe and get the Smart Interface Design Checklists PDF delivered to your inbox .
Your ( smashing ) email Subscribe →
Security has always been a hot topic .
Offline , people buy wired homes , car alarms and gadgets to bring their security to the max .
Online , security is important , too , especially for people who make a living from websites and blogs .
In this article , we ’ll show you some useful tweaks to protect your WordPress - powered blog .
When you fail to log into a WordPress blog , the CMS displays some info telling you what went wrong .
This is good if you ’ve forgotten your password , but it might also be good for people who want to hack your blog .
So , why not prevent WordPress from displaying error messages on failed log-ins ?
Security has always been a hot topic .
Offline , people buy wired homes , car alarms and gadgets to bring their security to the max .
Online , security is important , too , especially for people who make a living from websites and blogs .
In this article , we ’ll show you some useful tweaks to protect your WordPress - powered blog .
Further Reading on SmashingMag :
1. Prevent Unnecessary Info From Being Displayed
The problem
When you fail to log into a WordPress blog , the CMS displays some info telling you what went wrong .
This is good if you ’ve forgotten your password , but it might also be good for people who want to hack your blog .
So , why not prevent WordPress from displaying error messages on failed log-ins ?
The solution
To remove log - in error messages , simply open your theme ’s functions .
php file , and paste the following code :
add_filter (' login_errors ', create_function ( ' $a ' , " return null ; " ) ) ;
Save the file , and see for yourself : no more messages are displayed if you fail to log in .
Please note that there are several functions .
php files .
Be sure to change the one in your wp - content directory .
Code explanation
With this code , we ’ve added a simple hook to overwrite the login_errors ( ) function .
Because the custom function that we created returns only null , the message displayed will be a blank string .
Source
2. Force SSL Usage
The problem
If you worry about your data being intercepted , then you could definitely use SSL .
In case you do n’t know what it is , SSL is a cryptographic protocol that secures communications over networks such as the Internet .
Did you know that forcing WordPress to use SSL is possible ?
Not all hosting services allow you to use SSL , but if you ’re hosted on Wp WebHost or HostGator , then SSL is enabled .
The solution
Once you ’ve checked that your Web server can handle SSL , simply open your wp - config . php file ( located at the root of your WordPress installation ) , and paste the following :
define ( ' FORCE_SSL_ADMIN ' , true ) ;
Save the file , and you ’re done !
Code explanation Nothing hard here .
WordPress uses a lot of constants to configure the software .
In this case , we have simply defined the FORCE_SSL_ADMIN constant and set its value to true .
This results in WordPress using SSL .
Source
3. Use .htaccess To Protect
The wp- config File
The problem As a WordPress user , you probably know how important the wp - config .
php file is .
This file contains all of the information required to access your precious database : username , password , server name and so on .
Protecting the wp - config . php file is critical , so how about exploiting the power of Apache to this end ?
The solution
The .htaccess file is located at the root your WordPress installation .
After creating a back - up of it ( it ’s such a critical file that we should always have a safe copy ) , open it up , and paste the following code :
< files wp - config.php > order allow , deny deny from all </ files >
Code explanation
. htaccess files are powerful and one of the best tools to prevent unwanted access to your files .
In this code , we have simply created a rule that prevents any access to the wp - admin.
php file , thus ensuring that no evil bots can access it .
Source
4. Blacklist Undesired Users And Bots
The problem
This is as true online as it is in real life : someone who pesters you today will probably pester you again tomorrow .
Have you noticed how many spam bots return to your blog 10 times a day to post their annoying comments ?
The solution to this problem is quite simple : forbid them access to your blog .
The solution Paste the following code in your .htaccess file , located at the root of your WordPress installation .
As I said , always back up the .htaccess file before editing it .
Also , do n’t forget to change 123.456.789 to the IP address you want to ban .
< Limit GET POST PUT > order allow , deny allow from all deny from 123.456.789 </LIMIT >
Code explanation Apache is powerful and can easily be used to ban undesirable people and bots from your website .
With this code , we ’re telling Apache that everyone is allowed to visit our blog except the person with the IP address 123.456.789 .
To ban more people , simply repeat line 4 of this code on a new line , using another IP address , as shown below :
< Limit GET POST PUT > order allow , deny allow from all deny from 123.456.789 deny from 93.121.788 deny from 223.956.789 deny from 128.456.780 </LIMIT >
Source
5. Protect Your WordPress Blog From Script Injections
The problem Protecting dynamic websites is especially important .
Most developers always protect their GET and POST requests , but sometimes this is not enough .
We should also protect our blog against script injections and any attempt to modify the PHP GLOBALS and _REQUEST variables .
The solution
The following code blocks script injections and any attempts to modify the PHP GLOBALS and _REQUEST variables .
Paste it in your .htaccess file ( located in the root of your WordPress installation ) .
Make sure to always back up the .htaccess file before modifying it .
Options + FollowSymLinks RewriteEngine On RewriteCond %{QUERY_STRING} ( < |%3C ) .* script .*( >|%3E ) [ NC, OR ] RewriteCond %{QUERY_STRING} GLOBALS ( = | [ |%[ 0 - 9A - Z ] { 0,2} ) [ OR ] RewriteCond %{QUERY_STRING} _REQUEST ( = |[ | %[ 0 - 9A - Z ] { 0,2} ) RewriteRule ^(.* ) $ index.php [ F , L ]
Code explanation
Using the power of the .htaccess file , we can check requests .
What we ’ve done here is check whether the request contains a < script > and whether it has tried to modify the value of the PHP GLOBALS or _REQUEST variables .
If any of these conditions are met , the request is blocked and a 403 error is returned to the client ’s browser .
Sources
6. Fight Back Against Content Scrapers
The problem
If your blog is the least bit known , people will no doubt try to use your content on their own websites without your consent .
One of the biggest problems is hot - linking to your images , which saps your server ’s bandwidth .
The solution
To protect your website against hot - linking and content scrapers , simply paste the following code in your .htaccess file .
As always , do n’t forget to back up when modifying the .htaccess file .
RewriteEngine On # Replace ?mysite.com / with your blog url RewriteCond %{HTTP_REFERER} !
^
http://(.+.)?mysite.com / [ NC ] RewriteCond %{HTTP_REFERER} !^$ # Replace /images / nohotlink.jpg with your " do n't hotlink " image url RewriteRule .*.( jpe?g|gif|bmp|png ) $ /images/nohotlink.jpg [ L ]
Once you ’ve saved the file , only your website will be able to link to your images , or , to be more correct , no one would link to your images , because it would be way too complicated and time - consuming .
Other websites will automatically display the nohotlink . jpg image .
Note that you can also specify a non-existent image , so websites that try to hot - link to you would display a blank space .
Code explanation
With this code , the first thing we ’ve done is check the referrer to see that it matches our blog ’s URL and it is not empty .
If it does n’t , and the file has a JPG , GIF , BMP or PNG extension , then the nohotlink image is displayed instead .
Source
7. Create A Plug - In To Protect Your Blog From Malicious URL Requests
The problem Hackers and evil - doers often use malicious queries to find and attack a blog ’s weak spots .
WordPress has good default protection , but enhancing it is possible .
The solution Paste the following code in a text file , and save it as blockbadqueries .
php .
Once you ’ve done that , upload it to your wp - content / plugins directory and activate it as you would any other plug - in .
Now your blog is protected against malicious queries .
<? php /* Plugin Name : Block Bad Queries Plugin URI : http://perishablepress.com/press/2009/12/22/protect-wordpress-against-malicious-url-requests/
description : >- Protect WordPress Against Malicious URL Requests Author URI : http://perishablepress.com/
Author : Perishable Press Version : 1.0 */ global $ user_ID ; if ( $user_ID ) { if(!current_user_can(' level_10 ' ) ) { if ( strlen ($ _SERVER [ ' REQUEST_URI ' ] ) > 255 || strpos($_SERVER [' REQUEST_URI ' ] , " eval ( " ) || strpos($_SERVER [ ' REQUEST_URI ' ] , " CONCAT " ) || strpos($_SERVER [ ' REQUEST_URI ' ] , " UNION+SELECT " ) || strpos($_SERVER [ ' REQUEST_URI ' ] , " base64 " ) ) { @header ( " HTTP /1.1 414 Request - URI Too Long " ) ; @header ( " Status : 414 Request - URI Too Long " ) ; @header ( " Connection : Close " ) ; @exit ; } } } ?>
Code explanation
What this code does is pretty simple .
It checks for excessively long request strings ( more than 255 characters ) and for the presence of either the eval or base64 PHP functions in the URI .
If one of these conditions is met , then the plug - in sends a 414 error to the client ’s browser .
Source
8. Remove Your WordPress Version Number … Seriously !
The problem
As you may know , WordPress automatically displays the version you are using in the head of your blog files .
This is pretty harmless if your blog is always up to date with the latest version ( which is certainly what you should be doing anyway ) .
But if for some reason your blog is n’t up to date , WordPress still displays it , and hackers will learn this vital piece of information .
The solution Paste the following line of code in the functions .
php file of your theme .
Save it , refresh your blog , and voila : no more WordPress version number in the header .
remove_action ( ' wp_head ' , ' wp_generator ' ) ;
Code explanation
To execute certain actions , WordPress uses a mechanism called “ hooks , ” which allow you to hook one function to another .
The wp_generator function , which displays the WordPress version , is hooked .
We can remove this hook and prevent it from executing by using the remove_action ( ) function .
Source
9. Change The Default “ Admin ” Username
The problem Brute force is one of the easiest ways to break a password .
The method is simple : try as many different passwords as possible until the right one is found .
Users of the brute force method use dictionaries , which give them a lot of password combinations .
But knowing your username certainly makes it easier for them to guess the right combination .
This is why you should always change the default “ admin ” username to something harder to guess .
Note that WordPress 3.0 let you choose your desired username by default .
Therefore , this tip is still usefull if you still use the old “ admin ” account from older WordPress versions .
The solution
If you have n’t changed the “ admin ” username yet , simply run the following SQL query to your database to change it for good .
Do n’t forget to specify your desired username .
UPDATE wp_users SET user_login = ' Your New Username ' WHERE user_login = ' Admin ' ;
Code explanation Usernames are stored in the database .
To change one , a simple UPDATE query is enough .
Note that this query will not transfer posts written by “ admin ” to your new username ; the source post below shows you how to easily do that .
Source
10 . Prevent Directory Browsing
The problem By default , most hosts allow directory listing .
So , if you type www.yourblog.com/wp-includes in the browser ’s address bar , you ’ll see all of the files in that directory .
This is definitely a security risk , because a hacker could see the last time that files were modified and access them .
The solution ( Updated ) Just add the following to the Apache configuration or your .htaccess file :
Options - Indexes
Code explanation
Please note that it ’s not enough to update the blog ’s robots .
txt file with Disallow : / wp* .
This would prevent the wp - directory from being indexed , but will not prevent users from seeing it .
Source
Imagine the scene : Snoop Dogg has walked on set and the cameras are rolling .
He struts down a street lined with terraced houses , walks into the Kabin , and promptly buys 10 Benson and Hedges from Norris Cole before popping into the Rovers for a pint of mild .
This is not a new direction for Snoop 's normally bling - laden music videos , but apparently a real possibility , after the US rapper revealed that he is a fan of Coronation Street , and would love to star on the show .
Snoop made the surprise revelation to fans in Manchester , telling them he has been watching Corrie for 11 years , and had asked his agent to see if he can make an appearance .
In a video message to mark the show 's 50th birthday this year , the 38 - year - old revealed that producers " said they were interested so hopefully it might happen " .
An appearance in Coronation Street would be the final step in the British rehabilitation of the rapper , whose relationship with the UK has , at times , been strained .
In 2007 immigration officials refused to grant the artist a visa so he could embark on a British tour , claiming his presence risked provoking violent crime after he and five members of his entourage were arrested after a brawl at Heathrow airport in 2006 .
A judge later ruled that there was no evidence that the rapper , whose real name is Cordozar Calvin Broadus , had been responsible for any public disorder .
Last month Snoop played to a packed crowd at Glastonbury , with the Daily Mail noting that he had " delighted revellers " with his " aggressive , foul - mouthed performance " .
A performance on the long - running ITV show , set among the cobbled streets and fictional working - class northern community , could cement Snoop 's presence in the British establishment .
Snoop – an established soap opera fan , who made an appearance on US soap One Life to Live in 2008 – would join a long list of big - name dignitaries to star on the programme , which has seen cameos from everyone from Prince Charles to Sir Ian McKellen , via Status Quo , the darts champion Phil ' The Power ' Taylor and comedian Peter Kay .
But if the rapper is hoping for a relaxing time on set , he may be disappointed .
With violent hostage situations , shootings and bloody murder attempts in past episodes , the Doggfather may find his " crazy mixed - up Doggy Dogg world " has nothing on Weatherfield .
Let ’s say you ’re a guy and you ’ve been involved with a woman .
Long - term , committed , exclusive relationship .
Several years together .
You loved her dearly through the years and she ’s simply gaga over you , for reasons none of your friends fully understand .
But now , now you ’ve realized that it is n’t going to work any longer .
Maybe you have different priorities .
Maybe you want kids and she does n’t .
Maybe the fire has died in the bedroom .
Maybe you ’ve grown apart and your life together just does n’t satisfy you anymore .
Whatever the reason , you realize that the relationship has to end .
For better or worse you have a right to be happy and she should n’t have to live with a guy who sees her as something he ’s settling for .
You have all kinds of misgivings , but you ’ve thought about it long and hard and , while it ’s going to hurt like hell , it ’s the right thing to do .
Now you have to figure out the best way to break up .
You know that face - to - face is what she deserves .
But a telephone call would be easier on you , providing you with some distance from the pain .
An e-mail would be easier still .
And you know that sometimes kids even break up with a text message .
Finally , you figure out what to do .
“ Honey , flip on Lifetime at 9 pm Eastern .
I have something I want to tell you . ”
When she tunes in , you announce to her , and to an audience of millions , that you ’re dumping her and marrying a sexy Cubana chick from South Florida .
That ’s exactly what happened last night , folks .
Metaphorically speaking .
I have no problems with LeBron James ’ decision to leave the Cleveland Cavaliers .
In fact , I ’d probably have criticized him had he decided to stay .
Pro sports is a business , and when you ’re gifted with all - planet talent the likes of which nobody has ever seen before , you need to be in the game for one reason : to win .
We see athletes all the time signing for the big dollars with teams that have zero chance of ever winning a damn thing ( you know , like Joe Johnson just did ) , and when that happens there ’s no reason for you or me or anyone else to ever take them seriously again .
They passed up the chance to be a competitor and instead chose to be an entertainer , taking the man ’s cash and putting on a show that most nights is the moral equivalent of the WWE .
Sure , you ’re playing , but you ’re playing for eighth .
You ’re not even one of the top losers .
Good for you .
Now , pass me the remote .
Let ’s be clear : LeBron tried .
He threw his heart and soul into trying to win a title for his hometown .
Up until the Celtics series , anyway .
By the end , he had proven conclusively that he could n’t get the job done … by himself .
While it ’s not fair to characterize Mo Williams , Antawn Jamison , Delonte “ New Daddy ” West , a way - over - the - hill Shaq and Sideshow Andy Varejao as a second - rate pickup squad , it ’s also unreasonable to look at the supporting cast that Cavs management provided Bron and conclude that he should have won with it .
If he had , it would have been one of the most epic accomplishments in American professional sports history .
Lately the picture has gotten even bleaker .
When you looked at where the franchise is talent - wise today , and where it seemed likely to be in the coming years , it was hard to see how things were going to get much better .
With LeBron , the team is always going to be too good to land a top draft pick .
It does n’t have the chips you need to trade for that top - tier sidekick .
And as this free agency period made brutally clear , ai n’t nobody coming to Cleveland of their own free will .
Not Amar’e .
Not Boozer .
Chris Bosh was n’t going to Cleveland even if they guaranteed him $ 120 M and threw in a pony .
The sad truth is that Cleveland is n’t a destination .
It ’s the place you go when you do n’t have options .
I do n’t say this to be mean .
I have wonderful friends from that neck of the woods , and I know what it is myself to grow up in and love a place that ’s not exactly everybody ’s idea of a killer Plan A .
Ain’t no free agents dying to go to Winston - Salem , NC , either .
So whatever we may say – and we ’re going to have things to say , are n’t we ?
– let ’s at least admit that this relationship did n’t fail because LeBron James did n’t try .
He was in love .
Madly in love .
And he gave his heart unconditionally for almost seven years .
But .
They say that crisis reveals character .
When the end came , LeBron taught us a lot about the man he really is inside .
You watched the man for seven years , watched his passion for the game and his obvious love of his community .
You watched his ability to elevate his teammates , making them better than they ’d ever be without him .
And you ’d have been justified in concluding , probably , that he ’s a class act .
Smart business guy , too .
There ’s a lot there to admire , as athletes go .
He did n’t act like an entitled prima donna , at least not where the public could see it .
But when it came time to move on , he behaved not just in the worst way imaginable , he behaved in a way that was worse than you could have imagined .
He did n’t break up face to face , like a man .
He did n’t call her .
He did n’t even opt for an e-mail or text message .
No .
He used his status and his leverage as The Chosen One® to dump her on television .
This would be indefensibly gutless and immature under any circumstances , but let ’s remember that this particular girlfriend has n’t exactly been lucky in love .
Willie Mays broke her heart .
John Elway used to take some kind of perverse glee in dragging her out in front of all her friends every year around the holidays and treating her like a public urinal .
And what Art Modell did to her…well , it ’s a good thing he got out of town where her brothers could n’t get their hands on him , is n’t it ?
A lot of people have a unkind words for LeBron James right about now .
Drew Magary went nuclear on him at Deadspin the other day .
Cleveland fans burned his laundry .
And Cavs owner Dan Gilbert went positively Alanis Morissette .
( If you have n’t seen this full statement yet , you owe it to yourself .
It ’s the damnedest flamethrower I ’ve ever seen from a sports executive . )
I ’m personally not going to get emotional about it , but I can’t really find much in Magary ’s rant to quibble with .
As for Gilbert , well , he had seven years to give Bron what he needed and for whatever reason he was n’t able to get the job done .
I understand that he ’s mad and that he feels betrayed , but I also get that he ’s a multi-millionaire who just lost more money than most of us will ever see .
When all is said and done , much of the responsibility for James leaving lies with the failures of the owner and the people he put in charge of personnel and basketball operations .
I ’m sure Gilbert hopes that his unprecedented display of righteous outrage will cause everyone to lose sight of that fact .
In the final analysis , there are a couple of things I ’ll remember about what we saw on ESPN last night .
First , it was arguably the most despicable public relations gaffe we ’ve ever seen from an athlete .
We do n’t need to wait until his playing days are over .
LeBron James goes into the Punk Hall of Fame today .
Second , I ca n’t help feeling heartbroken for the jilted girlfriend .
I imagine a woman , sitting on a slightly worn couch in a living room that could use a fresh a coat of paint .
She ’s not the prettiest girl in the world and she does n’t live in a sexy neighborhood like South Beach .
But she has a great heart and she damned sure deserves better than she ’s gotten from the men in her life .
She ’s staring at the TV set , shellshocked , sobbing uncontrollably as the man she ’s given everything to matter - of - factly explains to the world why another woman is better for him than she is .
She ca n’t help wondering – did n’t I at least deserve a phone call ?
In a very alarming sign for the U.S. economy , foreclosures have continued to dramatically increase in 2010 .
But there has been a shift .
Back in 2007 and 2008 , experts tell us that most foreclosures were due to toxic mortgages .
People were being suckered into mortgages that they could n't afford with " teaser rates " or with payments that would dramatically escalate after a few years , and when those mortgages reset , the people who had agreed to them no longer could make the payments .
But now RealtyTrac says that unemployment has become the major reason for foreclosures .
Millions of Americans have become chronically unemployed during the economic downturn and many of them are losing their homes as a result .
But whatever the cause , one thing is certain - foreclosures have continued to skyrocket at a staggering rate .
According to a new report from RealtyTrac , foreclosure filings climbed in 75 % of the nation 's metro areas during the first half of 2010 .
At a time when the Obama administration believes that we are " turning the corner " , things just seem to get even worse .
Some areas of the country continue to be complete and total disaster areas when it comes to real estate .
For example , you have got to feel really sorry for anyone trying to sell a house down in Florida right now .
According to RealtyTrac , Florida led the way with nine of the top 20 metro foreclosure rates in the country during the first half of 2010 .
Ouch .
But the worst city for foreclosures continues to be Las Vegas .
According to RealtyTrac spokesman Rick Sharga , unemployment has replaced bad loans as the number one cause of foreclosures there ....
" Las Vegas has seamlessly shifted from having a high level of foreclosures due to bad loans to defaults caused by a high level of unemployment . "
But other cities with high unemployment rates are having huge problems as well .
For those who believe that the economy is supposed to be " improving " , it must seem really odd that foreclosure rates in major cities such as Chicago continue to soar .
RealtyTrac says that foreclosure filings in Chicago have increased 23 percent year - over - year to one out of every 48 households .
But it is n't just cities like Las Vegas and Chicago that are nightmares right now .
The truth is that this is a national crisis .
The Mortgage Bankers Association recently announced that more than 10 % of all U.S. homeowners with a mortgage had missed at least one mortgage payment during the January to March time period .
That was a new all - time record and represented an increase from 9.1 percent a year ago .
Unfortunately , new all - time records are being set all over the place ....
* The number of home foreclosures set a record for the second consecutive month in May .
* Banks repossessed 269,962 U.S. homes during the second quarter of 2010 , which was a new all - time record .
* As of March , U.S. banks had an inventory of approximately 1.1 million foreclosed homes , which was a new record and which was up 20 percent from a year ago .
So is there any hope that things are going to get better soon ?
Well , according to RealtyTrac ’s CEO James Saccacio , that depends on the U.S. economy ....
" The fragile stability achieved in many local housing markets hinges on improvements in the underlying economy , specifically job growth .
If unemployment remains persistently high and foreclosure prevention efforts only delay the inevitable , then we could continue to see increased foreclosure activity and a corresponding weakness in home prices in many metro areas . "
Without good jobs , the American people are not going to be able to pay their mortgages .
So are the millions upon millions of jobs that have been lost coming back soon ?
No , unfortunately they are not .
As we discussed at length in a previous article , the big global corporations that dominate our economy are figuring out that they do n't really need the rest of us anymore .
The American worker is becoming obsolete .
After all , why pay an American ten times as much to do the same job ?
Big corporations can hire two people in China or India to do the same job and still pocket 80 % of the difference .
In addition , big corporations do n't really need the headache of making employer contributions to Social Security , setting up benefit packages and pension plans or of trying to comply with the thousands upon thousands of ridiculous regulations that the U.S. government continues to spew out .
At this point , the American worker has become extremely unattractive for large corporations , and so jobs will continue to migrate to other areas of the world .
We allowed our politicians to merge us into a " global economy " , so now we are all going to have to deal with being part of a " global workforce " .
As jobs continue to be offshored and outsourced , more Americans are going to become unemployed and the foreclosure crisis is going to continue to be a nightmare .
It would be nice to put a positive spin on all of this , but there is n't one .
--------
This guest post previously appeared at the author 's blog >
Sen .
David Vitter 's unforced lady - related issues continue !
The Louisianan , who had affairs with prostitutes and employed a " women 's issues " aide who knifed women , joked on the radio today about how Rachel Maddow looks like a dude .
Yes , he 's apologizing .
Here 's the transcript from the jovial Louisiana radio show where , sure , he was definitely egged on to say what he said .
It 's morning radio .
Then again , he 's a U.S. senator in a re-election campaign and should be capable of restraining himself from making stupid jokes about how lesbians look like dudes .
MALE HOST : I wonder if Senator Vitter is ever going to post , like , maybe the video of the first time he was on the floor of the Senate .
If I have to show the way I looked the first time I was on TV , you should do that too .
VITTER :
We should go further back than that , how about high school yearbook ?
MALE HOST : Oh yeah .
VITTER : De La Salle marching band .
MALE HOST : That 'd be cool .
Well you know , with Rachel Maddow they had that picture of her ...
FEMALE HOST : Looking like a woman .
MALE HOST : Yeah it was really bizarre .
VITTER : [ LAUGHS ] :
Must have been a long time ago .
ALL THREE : [ HEAVY LAUGHTER ]
Anyway , it did n't take long for his office to draft this very embarrassing apology letter to Rachel Maddow .
Dear Rachel , Regarding my remark during a radio conversation today , I apologize .
The hosts made their comment and I obviously chimed in .
While we do not usually agree on the issues , I do not think you deserved that comment .
Sincerely , David
Nice qualifier there : even though we do n't agree on various political issues , I probably should not have called you a butch lesbo .
That David Vitter , he 's classier than most .
[ Lovely Rachel Maddow yearbook photo in question via #tips ]
Issue # 98 • March / April , 2006
There are mountains of old tires out there .
Americans keep on rolling and tires keep on wearing out .
Every year there is almost one scrap tire created for every man , woman , and child in the United States .
In 2001 alone , Americans discarded nearly 281 million tires , weighing some 5.7 million tons .
All of those old treads can provide a lot of good growing space , and we ’re just the folks to put them to use .
There is no appreciable risk in using recycled tires in the vegetable garden .
While it is a fact that rubber tires do contain minute amounts of certain heavy metals , the compounds are tightly bonded within the actual rubber compound and do not leach into the soil .
One of the ingredients in the rubber recipe is zinc .
Zinc , in fact , is an essential plant element .
I also expect that rubber is safer to use than treated lumber that contains copper and arsenic .
Tires are durable .
The very qualities that make them an environmental headache make them perfect for our uses in the garden .
Once they are in place , they wo n’t rot and will likely be there for your grandchildren to use .
Let ’s take a look at some ways to recycle old tires and literally reap the benefits .
Gardening with recycled tires has many benefits besides those directly with the garden itself .
It puts to use an article that might otherwise end up in a landfill or other disposal site .
Those of us who are into “ growing our own ” are often on the lookout for ways to increase production with a minimum of effort .
Gardening with tires presents several good ways to do just that , while at the same time helping to recycle the old treads from our automobiles and other wheeled conveyances .
Stop by your local service station , recycle center , or tire retailer and ask them to save some tires for you .
Currently , dealers charge $ 2 or more to dispose of used tires .
Since they charge the consumer to take the old tires and have to pay to have them disposed of , they will likely be happy to let you have all you want .
Most tire centers will have a stack of old tires out back that they will give you permission to root through .
A rubberized hotbed
As winter ’s icy grasp finally begins to slip , the homesteader who has not kept a little something growing all winter is surely thinking about getting a few seeds stuck into the ground .
After a long winter of dried , canned , frozen , or store - bought fresh vegetables , a mess of fresh veggies would taste mighty good .
One of the easiest and earliest ways to get those first lettuce and spinach salads growing is to use an old method that has been common practice around these parts for generations .
Folks around here often get those first salad greens going in a planter made from an old tire .
For my own planter , I utilized the old tread from a log skidder to give me plenty of size and depth .
For a project of this type , I ’d recommend a fairly large one , such as a rear tire off of a farm tractor or from a log skidder like I used .
Tires newly planted with spinach seed in the fall greenhouse .
After laying the tire at the spot where I wanted it , I used a utility knife to cut the sidewall completely out of the upper side .
This was fairly easy to do , and nearly doubled the planting area available .
But do it carefully , and consider using some leather gloves as protection against the knife blade .
Once I removed the sidewall , I filled the tire with some good compost on top of a six - inch layer of fresh manure and seeded my lettuce and spinach .
The heat generated by the manure ’s decomposition helped to heat the seedbed from below .
The whole thing was covered with some old storm windows obtained for the purpose by some creative scrounging .
The result was a fine durable hot bed and the only cost involved was for the seed .
Raising the roots
One of the best ways to grow vegetables , especially in cool climates , is to grow them in raised beds .
Let ’s look at some of the benefits of raised bed gardening and how the method is a great way to use old tires :
When the soil is elevated , it warms faster .
Raised bed gardens can increase spring soil temperatures by 8 to 13° F over the adjacent soil temperatures at ground level .
The black , heat - absorbing tires compound the warming effect .
It dries out more quickly .
These rubberized raised beds are helpful in improving water drainage in heavy clay soils or in low - lying areas .
The soil is more exposed , and sun and wind help to dry and warm the soil more quickly .
It provides deeper soil for root crops to develop .
You can plant earlier in the season and get your plants off to a healthier and earlier start .
This is especially true in cooler climates where spring rains often keep vegetable garden soil wet and cold .
In containers such as our tires , excess moisture tends to drain away more quickly and the soil remains warmer , thus allowing for earlier planting .
You can harvest later into the fall .
Because of the longer growing season , you have the possibility of growing a wider range of vegetables .
Using these beds , you can concentrate a greater number of plants in a smaller area .
This will result in less weeding and greater production .
Finally , and not insignificantly , raised bed gardening puts plants and soil back into the reach of older gardeners or others who cannot do a lot of bending as required with an ordinary garden .
In the greenhouse
Here is one way we have used tires in our own small greenhouse .
Along the front wall we placed short stacks of tires and filled them with sand .
The dark color of the tires serves to absorb heat , and the sand contained in each stack helps to store it .
Atop each stack was placed another tire with the upper sidewall removed as already described .
The top tire was then filled with compost and soil
then seeded in lettuce , spinach , or whatever .
We ’ve also found that , in the greenhouse , they make a fine planter for an extra-early or late tomato plant .
Since our greenhouse is attached to my garage and shop , I utilized an existing window opening , the woodstove in the garage , a window fan , and a timer to add heat to it .
Between our tire planter , keeping a fire going in the garage which I often do anyway and timing the fan to turn on as the day begins to cool , we have been able to pick the last tomato off of the vine on Christmas Eve .
Jump start your tomatoes
By the same token , you can get a jump on the spring growing season by creating a mini- greenhouse , of sorts , for a few tomato plants .
Once you have a stack or two of tires in place , set your tomato plants in each stack .
Next , place a wire hoop or tomato cage in place around the plant .
Cover the cage with clear plastic and secure it with duct tape , twine , etc .
If you have them available , you can place an old windowpane over the top of this tomato tower .
The combination of the black rubber tires and the clear plastic “ greenhouse ” will cause the plant to grow quickly .
You will need to monitor the heat and health of the young plants carefully to make sure they are n’t getting too much of a good thing .
Once the plant is really growing and the chance of frost is past , simply remove the plastic and allow the plant to use the wire cage to support its branches , which will soon be laden with fruit .
You can add months to your growing season using this method alone .
Tire compost bin
Used tires can also be made into a good compost bin .
Begin with a half dozen or so tires as large as you can handle .
Large truck tires work well .
Cut the sidewalls out of both sides using the sharp utility knife .
You will end up with rubber rings of tire treads .
After you have several of the hoops made , place one on the spot where you want your bin to be located .
Be sure to turn the soil on the spot where you place the bin .
This better exposes the composting material to the bacteria , earthworms , and other compost builders .
As you fill the first tire hoop , merely place another atop it and fill it .
Repeat the process until you have them stacked five or six high .
You can keep filling tires with garden and kitchen scraps and other compost fixin ’s or just start another pile .
After the compost has worked for several weeks , remove the top hoop and place it on the ground beside the original bin .
Fork the top layer of composting material into this hoop .
Remove the next hoop and place it atop the one on the ground and move the plant material into it .
Repeat until you have the whole compost heap turned and transferred into the restacked hoops , one at a time .
Note that in the process you have completely turned the working compost pile from top to bottom , perfect for producing good compost in record time .
After several more weeks , the compost should be getting that good earthy smell and will be ready to use .
Potato stacks
When I was a youngster , I used a hoe to ridge up rows and rows of potatoes , pulling the soil up around the plants to help increase their yield .
I have since learned of an easier way to grow potatoes that does n’t require any hoeing just plant a vertical potato patch .
If you are limited in space , then this method is especially beneficial .
You can grow a nice crop of spuds in just a few tires .
Here ’s how :
Generally , a stack of four or five tires that are progressively filled with some good compost and a couple of pounds of seed potatoes will produce around 25 pounds of potatoes .
A few of these stacks can provide your winter ’s supply of potatoes with no problem .
Use a utility knife to cut the sidewall completely out of the upper side .
To begin , pick a spot that is out of the way and perhaps out of sight where you can stack your tires .
Loosen the soil just enough to allow for some drainage and place the first tire .
Fill it with soil , being sure to fill the inside of the tire casing as well .
Take your seed potatoes and cut them into pieces that have at least two “ eyes , ” or sprout buds in each piece .
It does n’t hurt to let each piece dry for a day or two before planting it .
Plant three or four cut potato sets into the soil in the tire center .
Cover the sets with enough soil to bring it level with the top of the opening .
Once the new potato plants get to be about eight inches tall , add another tire and add soil around the plants until just a couple of inches of the tops are above the soil .
Repeat this process for the third and subsequent tires .
As you add tires and soil to the ‘ tater stack , the plant stalk is covered with soil .
As you do this , the existing stalk will send off roots as well as grow upward to once again find the sunlight it needs .
Since you are gradually raising the soil level eight inches or so at a time , the plant is able to keep growing without suffocating .
At the same time , you are creating a 24 - to 36 - inch tap root off of which many lateral roots will develop .
Each of the lateral roots can produce additional potatoes at three or four levels instead of only one .
When you water the plant , be sure that the soil is thoroughly moistened all the way down to the base of the pile .
Since the tires also act as an insulator and heat sink for your potatoes , the added warmth will stimulate the lateral roots to multiply more quickly , giving you more potatoes .
To harvest your crop , wait until the top dries up and begin to remove the tires , working your way down the stack and harvesting the potatoes as you go .
Great walls of tires
Tires can even be used to create retaining walls to stabilize an earth bank .
When using them for this purpose , begin by laying a level course of tires .
Fill these tires completely with sand , soil , or gravel .
Try to eliminate any holes or pockets in the tires that might provide a haven to vermin like mice or rats .
Atop the first course of filled tires , add another row , positioning them one - quarter to one - third of the way back on the first course .
This will give the wall some slope and add stability .
Also , place the tires with staggered joints , that is , in bricklayer - fashion .
That will add a lot of stability as well .
Once several courses of these rubber building blocks are in place , the wall should be very solid and immovable .
If you choose to , remove the upper sidewall of each tire before you put it in place , and fill it with soil .
Not only will it make filling the tires easier , but it will also make space available to place some ground cover plants that can grow and cover the wall .
You may consider even setting strawberry plants in the spaces .
All - terrain planters
Try using old tires from riding mowers and all - terrain - vehicles ( ATVs ) for planters .
They can be used right on the deck , porch , or patio and can hold plants such as cherry tomatoes , peppers , flowers , herbs , and other compact plants .
They are smaller and therefore more portable than large tires and can fit in most any out - of - the - way spot .
Check out a tire dealer , lawn tractor dealer , or ATV dealer to locate some of the used low - pressure tires .
Take one of the tires and cut the sidewall as described for the hotbed .
Using a drill , bore three holes around the open end of the “ bowl . ”
Space the holes equally around the rim and drill them about a half - inch from the top edge .
You may wish to place your planters around on a low wall or rail , but you can also attach a hanger from which to suspend the planter .
Using three pieces of workable wire about 26 to 28 inches long , attach one wire in each of the three holes .
Bring the wires together at the top and twist about 2 to 3 inches together into a hook .
That will serve as the planter hanger .
Now , cut a piece of hardware cloth to fit in the bottom of the planter .
Place a thick layer of grass , moss , or even a chunk of old carpet into the bottom , on top of the hardware cloth .
Fill to the top with soil , and you are ready to set your plants .
These are especially handy for growing cherry tomatoes or the attractive Thai pepper plants .
Tiers of tires
Another nifty planter for small spaces can be made by stacking four tires of different sizes into a sort of pyramid .
Begin with one each of the following sized tires : A farm tractor tire ; a tire from a large truck ; an automobile tire ; and an ATV tire .
Cut the sidewall out of each .
Place the tractor tire where you want it and fill it with soil .
Position the next largest tire , the truck tire , evenly atop the tractor tire .
Fill it , too , with soil .
Next , put the automobile tire in place and fill it .
Finally , place the ATV tire atop the pile and fill it with soil .
You will end up with a multi- layered vertical garden that is useful for strawberries , bush cucumbers , varieties of low flowers , and many other types of plants .
With some imagination , you can have plants cascading down the sides of this planter .
On a larger scale
If your place is a bit larger than just a plot and garden , you may find more uses for old tires .
Here are just a couple of ideas :
Over in the neighboring Amish settlement , I see many horse feeders made by cutting the sidewall out of a tire off of a large payloader or other machine with wide , heavy tires .
They are deep enough to hold a lot of hay , and even the largest Belgian horse cannot damage them .
They would make an equally large and roomy planting bed for flowers or vegetables .
You can make a really good pasture drag by bolting some tires together and connecting them to a single beam to be pulled behind the tractor , team , or even the pickup truck or ATV .
The handy homemade drag will make it much easier to break up and distribute the cowflops that accumulate in the pasture .
Scattering the cowpies spreads the fertilizer they contain and prevents hot spots and clumps of pasture grass .
More uses for old tires
Use single rows of tires and use mulch or gravel between rows .
You will have easy access to all sides of your plants and will keep weeding to a minimum .
When doing any of these projects , it ’s okay to use tires of different sizes .
Exposed spaces can be used to tuck a plant into .
Set blackberries , raspberries , and other brambles out in rows of tires one plant to a tire .
They will benefit from the same “ raised bed ” principle and will be easier to prune back and to mulch .
If you can place a few tires in a row along a wall or garden edge , try adding a heavy wire cattle panel or simply a length of woven fence wire as a trellis for vining plants to climb .
You can save a lot of space by growing beans , cucumbers , squash , gourds , and other climbers this way .
When arranging three or four tires in a square or triangle , make use of the space between the tires instead of just mulching it .
Just fill it with compost and add another plant or two .
You will gain another square foot or so of good growing space .
Go commercial .
With a serious rubberized garden , it would be possible to supply every restaurant and grocery store for miles around .
Organically grown fresh garden vegetables are always in demand .
If you go big and create a growing patch of 50 to 100 tires , you can produce hundreds of pounds of vegetables and some good income .
For example , with tomatoes selling for 50 cents a pound or more , you can make good money from your “ tired ” tomato patch .
Starting them in the tires will help you to get them to marketable size earlier than other locally grown competition .
Using old tires is a great way to recycle .
It ’s also a wonderful way to make the most of a small garden plot and generally increase your garden yield .
Try some of these ideas , and I ’m certain you ’ll see good results .
Windows CE - based machines can easily be made to dole out cash , a security researcher says
Barnaby Jack hit the jackpot at Black Hat on Wednesday .
Twice .
Exploiting bugs in two different ATM machines , the researcher from IOActive was able to get them to spit out money on demand and record sensitive data from the cards of people who used them .
He showed the attacks on two systems he had purchased himself -- the type of generic ATM machines typically found in bars and convenience stores .
Criminals have been hitting this type of machine for years , using ATM skimmers to record card data and PIN numbers , or in some cases simply pulling up a truck and hauling the machines away .
Patches have already been developed the systems , built by ATM - makers Triton and and Tranax , Jack said .
Triton patched the issue in November 2009 , said Bob Douglas , Triton 's vice president of engineering .
Douglas showed up at Black Hat to attend the talk and a subsequent press conference .
Tranax could not immediately be reached for comment .
Tranax has had security problems before .
In 2006 , CNN reported that a Virginia Beach , Virginia , criminal used a keypad code to reprogram a Tranax machine into thinking it was dispensing $ 5 bills .
Then , using an anonymous prepaid debit card , he withdrew $ 20 bills , but was only debited for one - quarter of the money he took .
A manual showing how to do this , was reportedly available on the web .
But according to Jack there 's an easier , much more alarming way to get the money out .
Criminals can connect to the machines by dialing them up -- Jack believes a large number of them have remote management tools that can be accessed over a telephone -- and then launching an attack .
After experimenting with his own machines , Jack developed a way of bypassing the remote authentication system and installing a homemade rootkit , named Scrooge , that lets him override the machine 's firmware .
He also developed an online management tool , called Dillinger , that can keep track of compromised machines and store data stolen from people who use them .
Criminals could find vulnerable ATMs by using open - source " war- dialling " software to call hundreds of thousands of numbers , looking for those that respond by saying they have the vulnerable management software installed .
Criminals have already used a similar technique over the Internet to break into vulnerable point - of - sale systems .
Jack 's tools are just proof - of - concept software , designed to show how vulnerable the machines really are , he said .
" The goal of the talk is to spark discussion on the best ways to remediate , " he said .
" It 's time to give these devices an overhaul , " Jack said .
" Companies who manufacture the devices are n't Microsoft .
They have n't had 10 years of continual attacks against them . "
The machines Jack hacked were , however , based on Microsoft 's Windows CE operating system .
In an dramatic on - stage demonstration at Black Hat , he connected remotely to an ATM and ran a program called Jackpot that caused the ATMs to spit out cash , while playing a tune and splashing the word " Jackpot " across the screen of the machine .
In a second demo , he walked up to the machine , opened it with a key he had obtained on the Internet , and installed his own firmware .
A single , standard key can open many different types of machines , he said , presenting another serious security problem .
He demonstrated the remote attack on an unpatched Tranax system ; the hands - on attack was on an older Triton machine , he said .
Jack had planned to deliver the talk at last year 's conference , but it was pulled after ATM vendors asked for more time to patch the issues he 'd discovered .
He got the green light for the talk after leaving his former employer , Juniper Networks , and taking a job with IOActive , a company that sells -- among other things -- ATM security consulting services .
The security researcher seems to have had a good time researching ATM bugs .
When a delivery man showed up , asking him why on earth he'd want a machine delivered to his home , Jack quipped , " Oh I just do n’t ' like the transaction fees , mate . "
Robert McMillan covers computer security and general technology breaking news for The IDG News Service .
Follow Robert on Twitter at @bobmcmillan .
Robert 's e-mail address is robert_mcmillan@idg.com
Let ’s be honest , who does n’t want a robot vacuum ?
With the exception of a few technology fearing folks out there , almost everyone would love to have one of these cruising their floors while they ’re at work every day .
So that brings the most important question , are they worth the cost ?
After years of drooling over iRobot ’s line of diligent robots I finally broke down and purchased one .
Every now and then I ’d get the itch and start looking for deals , but it always seemed that the entry level models just were n’t worth the cash and would want me hungering for more while the more sophisticated models were well out of my price range .
Today I happened to notice that the Roomba 560S , which was normally $ 399 , was 25 % off giving it a sticker price of $ 299 .
Of all the stores it could have been at it was one I would have least suspected , Canadian Tire .
So I dug through my glove box and dresser drawers for an hour and managed to scrounge up over $ 30 in Canadian Tire money .
With most of the bills being 5 or 10 cents I had quite the bulge in my back pocket as I ran excitedly into the store .
After holding up the line for 20 minutes while the girl at the counter tried to count the bills I was finally on my way home with a Roomba in hand .
First Look
The entire package was surprisingly small , about the size you ’d expect a 17 ″ LCD monitor to come in and had a convenient carrying strap .
After cutting away a small plastic sticker which sealed the box , I opened it and found that everything was snug in its own little cardboard tray .
After pulling each piece out and and unwrapping them I took a look at the Quick Start Guide I pulled out the battery tab and it booted up with a welcoming chime .
The charging station was just as easy to set up , I simply plugged it in and tucked the excess wiring away .
The Next Day
Eager to start vacuuming ( for the first time in my life ) I looked at the last part of the Quick Start Guide which informed me that I had to charge it overnight before it ’s first use .
How disappointing …
I ’ll have to admit , that was the first day at work I ’ve spent the day thinking excitedly about going home to vacuum .
After I got home I moved some things around ; I picked some clothes off the floor and hid some wires .
With a quick press of the button Roomba was off to do his work .
After letting him bump around my office for about 30 minutes he returned to his charging station and went to sleep .
I was a bit confused at first because the battery appeared to be charged , as indicated by a green light , but after pressing a button on the back the storage compartment opened and it was packed with cat hair and a good layer of what looked like dryer lint .
Of course there were a few other surprises floating around in there , such as some cardboard bits my cat had chewed off a box , a twist tie and one of my guitar pics .
After quickly pulling it all out into the garbage I popped the storage compartment back in and carried it out to the kitchen where I started it up again .
The kitchen is my only tiled floor in the apartment , everything else is carpeted , so I was curious to see the difference from the carpeted office .
This room was much larger but more oddly shaped , but it navigated around quite well and even made its way into the pantry and cleaned that area up a bit too before moving on to the kitchen again .
By this point the initial excitement had worn off and I stopped following it around and let it do its thing .
Each time I checked on it the place looked noticeably cleaner and I was surprised at how it had even found it ’s way into my tiny bathroom and managed to suck up some dirt and fluff there as well .
I had not intended for it to makes it ’s way into the bathroom , nor did I think it could open the door to my bedroom where it also insisted on cleaning .
Since I had moved some chairs into there it ended up being quite the bumpy ride , but Foxtrot ( yes , I had already named it by this point ) did a good clean and found it ’s way back out into the kitchen .
Thankfully I had at picked up all my clothes and tossed them on the bed before I let the little monster out for a run .
At this point the dustpan and filter needed cleaning again so I quickly emptied it into the garbage and let it go back to work on the kitchen .
While Foxtrot was banging around the kitchen I had my dinner underway and was back and forth doing stuff on the computer .
It found it ’s way into the office again and touched it up a bit , so I shuffled some things around in there so that it could clean out the closet and around the doorway some more ( the only place it seemed to leave visible debris ) .
Eventually it finished up there and went into the kitchen again .
Since the kitchen is twice the size of either of the rooms it needed every bit of attention it could .
It picked up dirt , kitty litter that had found its way everywhere , food bits , and lots more cat hair .
Eventually the battery on it died and it let out a chime letting me know I needed to take it to the charger .
I was a little frustrated at first because it did n’t seem to make an attempt to go back to the docking station like when the bin filled , but I could n’t put too much blame on it since I did have the office door closed at that point and there was no way it could get in there — though I would ’ve appreciated a 10 min warning so I ’d know to open the door up .
I picked it up and moved it into the office , set it on the floor and hit the button to send it to dock , but it did n’t .
It just reminded me it needed charging and shut off again .
Since it had been at it over an hour and a half at this point I figured the battery was good and dead , so I let it charge for the night .
Cleaning the Roomba
On top of the semi frequent bin emptying I knew I had to do a good cleaning of the brushes and filter after every heavy cleaning .
So I pulled out the bin and flipped the little robot over .
There were two green release tabs that were begging to be released so I did just that and a compartment opened revealing the two brush cylinders .
There was a good amount of hair and even some twine wrapped around them , but after about 30 seconds on each I pulled it all away and tossed it into the garbage .
Reinserting the brushes was easier than expected , on one end was a square peg and the other just fell into a grove , then the whole section snapped closed again .
It was obvious they had spent a lot of time designing this section so that it could easily be taken apart over and over again for servicing .
I was quite happy that I did n’t even have to bust out the manual to clean it out , though I admit I ’m still a little unsure of how this brush cleaning tool is supposed to work .
A Few Tips
The Roomba seems to be a great little dirt devil but it ’s certainly one of those things that is n’t meant for every task .
Here are a few initial observations I made during it ’s first night of duty :
Tuck away any wires that are dangling about or else it will run away with them
Check it ’s dust bin regularly , it can fill up in 20 or 30 min if your place is fairly dirty .
It seems to clean much better when the bin is empty too
Get a model with the virtual walls , I did n’t think I ’d need them so it was n’t a selling feature for me , but I was definitely wishing I had some batteries once the Roomba started getting into places I ’d intended for it to stay clear of
Keep in mind you ’ll need to check up on it every now and then and move some furniture out of the way if necessary
Conclusion
Though the Roomba does a good job , it will not get every piece of dirt off the ground .
It will make several passes over each area and spend some extra time on some spots where it ’s extra dirty , yet it seems to completely miss some other spots .
Just keep in mind you can always press the button again tomorrow and it will continue to touch up your place night by night without so much as a complaint .
The Roomba is designed to be used frequently , it ’s NiMH battery requires that it be charged at all times and does not build up a memory if you do n’t run the battery down completely each charge cycle .
In fact , you should never let your battery completely die , and under no circumstances should you let it sit for an extended period of time without a charge in the battery .
So use the Roomba as often as possible , and always leave it docked at the station trickle charging when not in use and the battery should last a long time .
However , time will tell how this unit fares for me , expect an update sometime in the future .
A XXX film by Michael Zen starring Jeanna Fine and Lisa Ann .
Sorry , no review here .
If that 's what you are looking for , you know where to go .
From the 2 words , skin and hunger , it describes the desire or craving to be touched , usually from a long period of deprivation .
Skin hunger is a relatively new term that has been applied to the emotional response engendered by the loss of touch in our society .
One of the five basic senses , touch is the only one deemed essential to human life .
During WW II babies in orphanages developed Failure to thrive or even died when deprived of human contact .
In a classic study by Harry Harlow , newborn monkeys were taken from their biological mothers and given surrogates made of either wire or soft terry cloth .
The baby monkeys consistently chose the soft mother even when deprived of nourishment .
The need for bonding outweighed even the basic necessity of food .
The need for touch extends beyond the early developmental years .
It is the first sense to develop in utero and the last to diminish as we die .
Babies and children with loving parents are cuddled and kissed and touched .
As a child ages he seeks to become more independent and may even resist too much lovin ' .
How many of us parents have mourned the day our children became too big to sit in our laps anymore ?
Boys , especially , are discouraged from showing too much affection .
To be a man means to be strong and stoic and emotion is deemed a sign of weakness .
Adolescence is a time of self discovery and growing sexual awareness .
As kids grow into teens they may seek sexual intimacy even when not emotionally ready because the need for touch is so strong .
How many girls have had sex prematurely when all they really wanted was to be held ?
Compounding the problem , many parents will decrease physical contact with their teens because of fears of inappropriateness .
Maturing into adults we face a world that explodes with sexual images but discourages more than a friendly nod or a handshake in public .
Sexuality is OK but intimacy is not .
The elderly , the disabled and the very ill , aka the " Untouchables " , are at greatest risk of touch deprivation .
Living in isolated homes , the elderly and the disabled often have limited mobility and fears of victimization may prevent their venturing out .
People with a terminal illness like HIV may have very little contact with another human being due to inherent fears of the disease .
Although not as fulfilling as human contact , a pet may provide the bonding and comfort needed .
Americans , especially , suffer from a lack of intimacy with each other .
Following a research project on touch around the world , social scientists rated the United States and Great Britain among the lowest touch countries studied .
The " warmer " high - touch countries included Spain , France , Italy , and Greece .
Tiffany Field , Director of Touch Research Institutes at the University of Miami , feels touch is essential to how we learn , feel and think .
A study conducted by Field compared the interaction of mothers and their children at playgrounds and McDonalds in Miami and Paris .
The Parisian mothers touched their children far more often than their American counterparts .
In addition , the French children displayed much less aggression than the American children .
The power of touch pervades all areas of our society .
Salesmen may use a light touch to influence a potential client into a sale .
Waitresses have been found to receive larger tips if they subtly touch a patron .
But the most well known association to touch is healing .
The bible often makes reference to the " laying on of hands " to heal the sick .
The word surgeon has its roots in the Greek word kheirourgos meaning " hand healer " .
The modern healing touch can be found in different types of body work including massage , rolfing or reike , among others .
Therapeutic massage is the most well known and accepted method of healing sore and injured muscles , reducing pain as well as imparting a feeling of relaxation and good will to the client .
People experiencing skin hunger may often seek out massage just to satisfy their craving for touch .
What has led us to be so touch deprived ?
Four trends in our society take most of the blame :
Technology
The age of technology has allowed us to interact with others around the world via satellites and microchips but has dehumanized our daily lives .
In a recent poll Americans rated the cell phone as the device they hate the most , but can't live without .
We interact more with our time - saving devices than we do with each other .
Children of busy mothers may often be " surrounded by plastic " .
From the day care center to the home environment , infants are " contained " in car seats , strollers and playpens .
When mom is too tired or busy to attend to them , children may be plunked in front of the electronic babysitter , the TV .
Contrast this to the child who is held all day , snuggled close in a baby carrier , or has the opportunity to interact and play freely with his environment .
Disconnected lifestyles
Urbanization , two career families and the loss of the extended family have led us to isolation .
Husband and wives , caught up in work and family obligations , are often too exhausted to give each other the affection needed .
A recent Newsweek cover story focused on the " so - called epidemic of low - sex or no sex marriages in America . "
1
We rarely know our neighbors or live close to parents and grandparents .
We are suspicious of strangers and carefully guard our personal space when we meet new people .
Only in small cities and towns in America do you find the connectedness and community needed to " keep in touch " .
A Litigious Society
Touching someone can be a federal offense these days .
With the new sexual harassment laws many people are afraid to extend a warm hug or a friendly touch .
In addition , with the increase in child molestation , we must guard our children 's safety and teach them the difference between good and bad touching .
Unfortunately for our children , that means their caregivers must be especially guarded in showing them affection , even when appropriate .
The media
Relaxed morals in mass media portray an unrealistic view of sexuality and relationships which can lead to inappropriate behavior and desires .
We want what we see on the silver screen even if it is unattainable , further feeding our skin hunger .
To touch is to be human .
It makes us feel valued and cared for .
However , everyone is not comfortable with being touched .
Some cultures and religions forbid touching someone other than a family member .
When first meeting someone , take a clue from how they react to others and you will know if it is OK to approach .
Just a pat on the shoulder or a touch on the hand is a caring gesture .
Now that you know how important it is , " reach out and touch someone " today !
Sources :
Type 2 diabetes drug taken by 100,000 in UK may be banned over heart disease fears
A pharmacist holds a bottle of Avandia pills - a drug that is under investigation by the Europeans Medicine Agency
A drug taken by thousands of men and women with diabetes could be banned over concerns that it raises the risk of heart disease .
The safety of Avandia - currently prescribed to 100,000 people in Britain - is under investigation by the Europeans Medicine Agency , a watchdog with the power to withdraw treatments in Britain .
It follows research that shows the drug puts users at a 60 per cent greater risk of heart failure than other medication .
Avandia is currently prescribed to people with type 2 diabetes , the form of the disease linked to obesity which usually occurs in middle age .
It is already being investigated in the US by the Food and Drugs Administration , the medicines watchdog , who will report their findings next week .
Later this month it will come under scrutiny from experts from the EMA which could lead to it being withdrawn from the market completely .
In the meantime GSK has advised patients to carry on taking the tablets , also known as rosiglitazone , but said those with serious concerns should consult their GP .
Dr Tony Hoos , European Medical Director for GlaxoSmithKline said : ' GSK is fully committed to patient safety and believes that rosiglitazone is an important treatment option for appropriate Type 2 diabetes patients .
It is one of the most extensively researched diabetes medicines and has been studied in more than 50,000 patients .
' Diabetes is a chronic , long term condition with serious consequences , and patients should not stop taking rosiglitazone , or any other medicine for type 2 diabetes , without consulting their doctor . '
Avandia was once GSK second - biggest selling drug but sales have plunged since safety concerns first emerged three years ago .
Research in Canada in 2007 suggested that the drug puts users at a 60 per cent greater risk of heart failure , a 40 per cent greater risk of heart attack and a 29 per cent greater risk of death than other medication .
The study published yesterday in the Journal of the American Medical Association , warned that the drug ' may cause more harm than good ' .
Then two years ago researchers from the University of East Anglia and Wake Forest University in North Carolina suggested that Avandia could raise women 's risk of breaking bones .
There have even have been reports that GSK knew of the possible side effects several years ago - the firm has always denied this however .
Since the safety concerns were raised several patients in America have filed lawsuits against GSK .
I was visiting The Lightning Field , a major work of land art by American conceptual artist Walter De Maria .
The Lightning Field , installed in 1977 , is a spectacular work , an internationally recognized masterpiece comprising 400 stainless steel poles , each 2 inches wide and approximately 20 feet tall from where they are embedded in the red earth .
The structure is laid out in a precise , visually level grid , with the poles placed 220 feet apart , covering an area one mile long and one kilometer wide .
De Maria searched for years before identifying the site for his minimalist installation , and he also designed the visitor 's experience - that of only a few people at a time staying the night in a nearby cabin .
I 'm sure the lure of observing lightning strikes has brought the majority of people to this remote sagebrush covered landscape .
However , in addition to the beautiful and potentially deadly experience of atmospheric discharge , De Maria wanted people to walk the field in isolation over a 24 - hour period , to experience the twilight and the transit course of the sun and the moon as they appear to set and rise , and to feel the drama in the accompanying temperature change .
Soon after the car was out of sight and the dust had settled , I became aware of the silence - it was a silence I had never before experienced .
I turned and walked toward the field .
The air was thin and dry .
I became aware of every inhalation and exhalation .
I stood still .
It was so quiet I could hear the full dimension of my heartbeat .
The sound of my breath and the lubb - dub sound of my cardiac cycle was a constant for my stay .
I wandered into the picturesque silvery gray - green sagebrush panorama and inhaled the sweet pungent aroma of Artemisia tridentate , emblematic of the western landscape .
It 's a heavy in antibacterial turpene compounds that , to some extent , determine the ecosystem .
Thunderheads appeared over distant mountains .
The air changed .
As I walked , I watched the currents of heat and particles .
Light danced and changed in variants on the poles .
I breathed deeper , tasted the air .
In the natural darkness of the night , The Lightning Field became a prime spot to observe the stars and planets as they appeared , transforming into an all - encompassing illuminated blanket .
Here , the art asks us to fully acknowledge the existence of nature through our senses , to deepen our ability to perceive and interpret art and a wild open landscape .
In a short period of time , the body feels pulses , patterns and systems of an ordered complexity that awakens the primal bond between the human brain and the natural world .
Today , rarely do people get to know the unique power of an immersive focus on all things that have life , or experience artwork that makes nature more vivid through elegant inanimate objects .
As I stood in the field that night , joy crept in , as did thoughts of our greater universal .
If you would like to visit The Lightning Field , contact the DIA Foundation .
They commissioned the sculpture and administer it from an office in Quemado , NM .
It is open May - October and requires advanced reservations .
No more than six people can visit a day .
For more information visit : http://www.diaart.org/sites/page/56/1375.
A long lunch out with co-workers or a late - night conversation with a family member might seem like a distraction from other healthy habits , such as going to the gym or getting a good night 's sleep .
But more than 100 years ' worth of research shows that having a healthy social life is incredibly important to staying physically healthy .
Overall , social support increases survival by some 50 percent , concluded the authors behind a new meta-analysis .
The benefit of friends , family and even colleagues turns out to be just as good for long - term survival as giving up a 15 - cigarette - a - day smoking habit .
And by the study 's numbers , interpersonal social networks are more crucial to physical health than exercising or beating obesity .
" I do n't think a lot of people recognize that our relationships can have a physical impact as well as emotional , " says Julianne Holt - Lunstad , an associate psychology professor at Brigham Young University and co-author of the new study , published online July 27 in PLoS Medicine .
The researchers analyzed results from 148 studies — which included a total of 308,849 participants — going back to the early 20th century .
Most studies assessed survival in contrast to mortality from all causes , although the authors rejected studies that focused on suicide or accidental deaths .
" The findings are very exciting and show how important social relationships are for improving survival , " Kira Birditt , an assistant research professor at University of Michigan 's Institute for Social Research , who was not involved in the new study , noted in an e-mail to ScientificAmerican.com .
Accentuating the positive
Social relationships are thought to help improve health either by buffering individuals from stressful situations or creating a norm of healthful behaviors .
" There 's a pretty large literature linking social relationships to a variety of physiological processes that are linked to disease risk , " Holt - Lunstad says .
Social support has been linked to lower blood pressure , and a diverse collection of contacts is associated with better immune system functioning .
The list continues to grow , she says , now encompassing other bodily processes such as wound healing and inflammation .
Previous research has pointed to happiness as a key to longevity .
But in most of the studies reviewed in the new paper , social connections were not classified in terms of their quality , thus likely lumping negative associations in with the more positive ones .
This means the benefit of positive social connections is likely to be even higher .
" Most research shows that the negative aspects of relationships can be detrimental to health , " Holt - Lunstad says .
But Birditt , who has also done research in the field , notes that some of her work " indicates that the influence of social relationships on mortality is nuanced and depends on the type of relationship , the quality of the relationship and the health status of the individual . "
A 2008 study in Social Science & Medicine that she co-authored found that people with chronic illnesses actually had a lower mortality rate if they had negative — or at least more demanding — relationships with family members .
" We speculated that spouses and adult children may be nagging the person with the chronic illness to take their medication or that more demands from these ties may be a sign of greater engagement , " Birditt notes .
The more , the healthier
Despite the hyperconnected era of Facebook friends and Blackberry messaging , social isolation is on the rise .
More people than not report not having a single person they feel that they can confide in — up threefold from 20 years ago , the report authors noted .
" People have assumed a threshold effect " when it comes to social relationships , Holt - Lunstad says .
Many researchers thought " you 're at risk if you 're socially isolated , but as long as you have one person , you 're okay , " she says .
The decades of research that Holt - Lunstad and her colleagues examined showed that in fact social support and survival operate on a continuum : " The greater the extent of the relationships , the lower the risk , " she says .
The analysis also assessed what kind of studies worked best to predict a person 's survival .
Questionnaires that had asked participants at least a few in - depth questions about various social connections ( such as , " To what extent are you participating or involved in your social network ? " or " To what extent can you count on other people ? " ) were more effective at pinpointing a person 's overall risk of mortality from all causes than those that simply determined if a person was single or married or lived with at least one other person .
The more nuanced questions " tap into the perception of the availability " of other people , Holt - Lunstad explains , rather than just determining if a person is co-habitating .
Holt - Lunstad and her colleagues found that divvied up this way , complex social networks increased survival rates by 91 percent .
Rx : friendship
Health professionals might be better able to find people at risk if they know to look more deeply at an individual 's social environment .
So rather than only focusing on those who seem to be entirely socially isolated , health care workers could also encourage friendship and personal connectedness for a larger number of people — thus perhaps boosting overall population survival rates .
Some clinicians have prescribed social interaction for those who seem to be severely isolated , but that often comes in the form of a paid companion .
Such a dynamic is " not always effective , " Holt - Lunstad says .
" A naturally occurring friendship is very different than someone who has been hired to be your buddy or your friend . "
Research has shown that friends " provide a sense of meaning or purpose in our lives , " she says .
A professional " friend " " might be able to provide some tangible resources that would be helpful , but they might not be able to provide the emotional benefits . "
Likewise with digital social interactions , Holt - Lunstad says , " there are types of things you can get from an online friend , but there are other resources that you cannot . "
Although online connections " might be better than nothing , " substituting time in front of a screen is likely not as beneficial as a phone call or face - to - face conversation .
Given the increasingly apparent importance of social well - being for physical health , standard checkup questions asked by a physician might soon include inquiries into the patient 's social , family and work circles — in addition to the standard list about smoking , diet and exercise .
Although social and physical health are intimately linked , Holt - Lunstad does not see it as a purely medical issue .
She suggests a range of avenues to address the social fitness of the population : from school curriculums emphasizing good social skills to city planning that reinforce community building to workplaces that accentuate human interaction .
Image caption High inflation in recent years prompted Iran to create the new banknote
Iran has doubled the denomination of its highest banknote to 100,000 rials ( $ 10 , £ 6.50 ) , its Central Bank Governor Mahmoud Bahmani has announced .
At least 150 million notes are being printed and distributed over the next three months , he told Mehr news agency .
The move has been prompted by high inflation , although official figures say the rate has fallen to 10 % from a peak of 29 % in 2008 .
Mr Bahmani said the new notes should be used in place of travellers ' cheques .
The special travellers ' cheques , which local banks issue , can each be worth up to 2 m rials .
Kamran Dadkhah , an associate economics professor at Boston 's Northeastern University , said " astronomical " inflation in Iran in recent years had necessitated the new notes .
" They have to print notes in larger denominations , otherwise people will have to take a sack of them to buy a sandwich , " he told Bloomberg Businessweek magazine .
The Iranian government has previously said it would start reducing food and fuel subsidies later this year , in a move critics fear could fuel inflation and spark protests .
The government says Iranians in lower income brackets will receive cash payments to help them cope when the cost of items such as bread and gasoline increase as a result of the gradual removal of the subsidies over a five - year period .
Cleaner Shrimp and Emerald Crab
Have n’t updated
In a while .
I ’m really happy with the way the tank is coming along .
Here ’s a quick pic of my cleaner shrimp and emerald crab .
Photo by Kevin Westenberg
We 're used to seeing Philip Selway behind a range of drums and cymbals as the unswerving and inventive back beat to Radiohead .
But on his forthcoming solo album , Familial , Selway steps away from the kit , singing and playing acoustic guitar on 10 hushed folk songs in the shadowy tradition of Nick Drake .
The album is quiet , but there 's an unnerving sense of dread that connects the material to his main gig ; it 's music for a foreboding twilight .
Guests including Wilco's Glenn Kotche and Pat Sansone , and veteran singer - songwriter Lisa Germano .
( The album 's out on August 31 in the UK via Bella Union and a day later in the U.S. through Nonesuch . )
We recently met up with Selway at a posh downtown Manhattan hotel .
Floor - to - ceiling windows offered a view of some rare NYC greenery outside .
Inside , the drummer / singer / songwriter was thoughtfully polite and casual in a fuschia t- shirt and brightly striped socks that could 've been on loan from a pre-teen 's dresser .
He talked about what it feels like to be the guy answering all the questions for once :
Pitchfork :
How long have you wanted to do your own record ?
Philip Selway : I 've been playing guitar and writing songs since I was 15 but I started really thinking about making an album around four years ago .
But I did n't know I 'd sing on it ; I did n't feel I had a convincing voice at that point .
It took four years of trial and error to find out the stretches I could make .
It 's a bit of a leap of faith .
The first time I actually heard my voice coming back in the studio was when I thought , " OK , maybe I can do this . "
Even so , you do feel very vulnerable .
When you 're singing , it sounds a particular way in your mind -- like how you think your speaking voice sounds like James Earl Jones in your head but it 's really more like Mickey Mouse . [ laughs ]
Pitchfork :
Do you feel like listening to Thom Yorke live and in the studio made it easier or harder for you to feel comfortable singing ?
PS : Both .
It 's a very high bar to have hanging over you .
But , over the years , everybody has very much developed their own voice in what we do .
Pitchfork : Another surprising thing about your album is how little drumming is on it .
PS : And the drumming that is on there is mostly by [ Wilco's ] Glenn Kotche .
He 's fantastic .
He took drum parts and mixed in all these delicate layers which throw things off kilter .
For me , if Jonny [ Greenwood ] played drums , he'd be Glenn .
They work in very similar ways .
It was a revelation working with Glenn on the material because , in my mind , I had n't heard any drum parts on these songs at all .
If you 're working on more of a muted , delicate level , it 's very easy to end up sounding too tasteful , so finding somebody who could scuff up these really rich sounds was great .
I just sat there with my notebook .
Pitchfork :
What really drew me into the album were the disquieting , atmospheric touches you 're talking about , which make the record more than a singer - songwriter - type thing .
I also feel like that slight creepiness offers a continuity with your work with Radiohead .
How much did you think about that off kilter element ?
PS : Quite a lot , actually .
Because I knew if I over - prettified the songs it'd be really precious or saccharine .
And , lyrically , that 's not what 's going on .
Pitchfork : Yeah , like " The Ties That Bind " seems to be about hoping your son does n't make the same mistakes you did .
Do you feel you 've made a lot of mistakes that way ?
Rebuild Your iTunes Library from iPad/iPhone / iPod
No more worries when you need to reinstall an OS or setup a new computer , Podworks helps you easily and quickly rebuild iTunes library .
As the ultimate iTunes alternative – Podworks transfers apps , music , movies , videos , and photos and much more from your idevices to Mac or iTunes .
The latest episode of TorrentFreak TV covers RIAA 's spambot , BitTorrent users in The Hurt Locker , how to get cash from Comcast and much more .
Enjoy .
TorrentFreak TV covers some of the best , most interesting or remarkable stories related to file - sharing .
An ( ad - free ) HD version of this episode will be soon available on EZTV .
Thanks to Mevio for the equipment and the feature on the Tech channel .
Not all episodes will appear on Torrent Freak so please subscribe to one of the feeds below if you do n’t want to miss anything .
An iTunes feed is available here , and a regular RSS feed here .
As always , we ’re looking forward to your commentary .
For questions or suggestions , feel free to contact the crew at [ email protected ]
We encourage contributions from viewers !
UFC president Dana
White can finally stop having to answer questions about signing Jake Shields .
The former Strikeforce middleweight champion is UFC bound , says the official website of Shields ' Cesar Gracie camp .
" Jake 's opponent is one of the UFC's top contenders and will be announced shortly , " GracieFighter.com stated .
According to SI 's Josh Gross , the contract is n't finalized , but the money is agreed to .
Gross expects the signing to become official most likely next week .
Shields will move down to the division where he spent the majority of his career , 170 pounds .
Even before the last fight on his Strikeforce contract , it was only time before Shields would join the UFC .
Just one week after the Henderson win , Shields was on camera sitting next to White at the WEC 48 pay - per-view in Sacramento .
At the end of June it became all but official after Strikeforce took the initiative to release Shields from his contract during their renegotiation period .
" He wants to be in the UFC , we want him in the UFC , unless something crazy happens in contract negotiations , which I do n't anticipate , he should be fighting in the UFC , " White told MMAFighting .com 's Ariel Helwani the day after Shields received his Strikeforce release .
The 31 - year - old Shields , who holds an overall MMA record of 25 wins , four losses and one draw , is considered one of the top 170 and 185 - pounders in the world .
Shields has won his last 14 fights , including wins over Dan Henderson , Jason " Mayhem " MIller , Robbie Lawler , Paul Daley as well as current UFC fighters Carlos Condit and Yushin Okami .
Shields is coming off the biggest win of his career , a decisive win over Henderson on CBS to successfully defend the Strikeforce middleweight title .. fanhouseButton { margin : 2em 0 ;} . fanhouseButton a:link , . fanhouseButton a:visited , . fanhouseButton a:hover , .fanhouseButton a:active {background - color : #dd2829 ; color : #FFFFFF;font-size:18 px;padding:0.3em
0.6em ; text - decoration : none ;} . fanhouseButton a :hover {background - color : #000000;}
It was looking good for futbol to get some American respect .
It 's looking less good today .
Argentine soccer star Lionel Messi has formed an Oasis tribute band and is all set to take them on a secret European tour .
...
The 23 - year - old said he has also recruited a Barcelona teammate to play singer Liam - but wo n't say who it is yet .
" Our disguise is based on how Oasis looked in the mid-90s .
We have our wigs , clothes and glasses sorted , " the Sun quoted Messi as saying .
Advertisement
Oooh , oooh , please let it be Puyol .
Liomel Messi [ The Sun ]
[ H/T Seth Bouvier ]
• Raise tax rates on corporate income and those earning more than $ 1 million .
• Reduce military spending by 10 to 15 percent ,
• Create a carbon tax and a securities - transaction tax .
I do n't want to see a real class war in America , where millions and millions of ordinary Americans get pushed so far up against the wall and just get so fed up with being cheated that they finally rise up and start hunting the plutocrats and their whores in the streets and chop them into pieces and feed them to dogs .
That can still be averted -- though not by slick plutocratic ploys like Pete Peterson 's Austerity Pimp Revue that Digby live - blogged so eloquently this weekend -- at those two links and here I 'm not suggesting anyone chop up any plutocrats or Wall Street brokers ; that 'swhy I 'm suggesting you read the Pete Peterson crap , even if that would be the normal reaction of many people to seeing it .
I like this woman 's reaction more ; she participated in southeast Pennsylvania and she was smart enough to think outside of the Peterson Box , a box designed to give the political elite -- a useless segment of society installed to serve the interest of the plutocrats -- the excuse they would prefer to cut Social Security and Medicare and to push even further the redistribution of wealth away from working people and more towards social parasites .
Yesterday Roger Hickey , co-director of the Campaign For America 's Future , pointed out , as Robin in the video above did , and as Digby did , over the course of the weekend did , that ordinary Americans who attended the sessions were not buying into the reactionary premises and the stacked deck the political elites were offering .
Hickey 's point , something many participants noticed , was that the whole process was flawed because the slickly presented background material was so flawed .
" Peterson , " he wrote , " cannot be pleased with the participants ' mainly progressive policy choices , which will be presented on June 30 to the Deficit Commission that Peterson encouraged President Obama to create .
According to America Speaks ' own press release , when a scientifically selected group of participants picked up their electronic voting devices , they overwhelmingly supported proposals to :
That 's not what the elites want to hear from us .
Remember , we 're supposed to pay , through crushing " austerity " programs , the mistakes in handling the economy since 1981 when Reagan kicked into gear an uninterrupted corporatist takeover of the country .
It continues today ; keep in mind the current stooge 's Chief of Staff is a Wall Street puppet who shoved NAFTA down Congress ' throat .
I have a modest proposal .
How about if we hold off on all this stuff for a minute ?
Just stop everything for one minute here , and let 's try something that makes sense .
Everybody pays -- through withholding -- a small payroll tax ( FICA ) to fund Social Security , providing benefits for retirees , the disabled , and minor children of deceased workers .
This is the major portion of income tax forAmericans -- like over 75 % of us .
But this tax is not paid on any income over $ 106,800 ( gross ) and not paid on any income from stocks or bonds .
If someone makes $ 20,000,000 a year they pay the same percentage as someone who makes $ 20,000 a year : 6.2 % on $ 106,800 -- $ 6,621.60 .
If a more typical American family with two incomes -- a husband making $ 53,000 and a wife making $ 53,000 , say -- they pay the same thing as the guy making $ 20,000,000 a year .
If Rchie Rich were paying his fair share ( $ 1,240,000 ) there would be no crisis , That 's why rich people hire lobbyists and buy corrupt politicians -- whether we 're talking about virtually the entire GOP , but especially the wheeler - dealers like John Boehner , Eric Cantor , Raul Ryan , and Joe Barton , or Democrats like Rahm Emanuel , Debbie Wasserman Schultz , the Blue Dogs and Steny Hoyer who operate just like them -- and whose careers they finance .
Let 's end the $ 106,800 cut off on taxes and let the wealthy pay their fair share , see if that works out and then talk about austerity and budget deficits after that .
Labels : Pete Peterson , tax policies
Racism against Israel 's Arab citizens has dramatically increased in the past year , including a 26 percent rise in anti-Arab incidents , according to the Association for Civil Rights in Israel 's annual report .
Author Sami Michael , the association 's president , said upon the release of the report that racism was so rife it was damaging civil liberty in Israel .
" Israeli society is reaching new heights of racism that damages freedom of expression and privacy , " Michael said .
The publication coincides with Human Rights Week , which begins Sunday .
" We are a society under supervision under a democratic regime whose institutions are being undermined and which confers a different status to residents in the center of the country and in the periphery , " Michael said .
The number of Jews expressing feelings of hatred toward Arabs has doubled , the report stated .
According to the June 2007 Democracy Index of the Israel Democracy Institute , for example , only half the public believes that Jews and Arabs must have full equal rights .
Among Jewish respondents , 55 percent support the idea that the state should encourage Arab emigration from Israel and 78 percent oppose the inclusion of Arab political parties in the government .
According to a Haifa University study , 74 percent of Jewish youths in Israel think that Arabs are " unclean . "
The ACRI says that bills introduced in the Knesset contribute to delegitimize the country 's Arab citizens , such as ones that would link the right to vote and receive state allowances to military or national service .
They also include bills that require ministers and MKs to swear allegiance to a Jewish state and those that set aside 13 percent of all state lands owned by the Jewish National Fund for Jews only .
" Arab citizens are frequently subject to ridicule at the airports , " the report states .
It says that Arab citizens " are subject to ' racial profiling ' that classifies them as a security threat .
The government also threatens the freedom of expression of Arab journalists by brandishing the whip of economic boycott and ending the publication of government announcements in newspapers that criticize its policy . "
Hadash Chairman MK Mohammad Barakeh said that the report " did not take us by surprise and neither should anyone be surprised by it .
Its results are the natural consequence of a racist campaign led by political and military leaders , as well as the result of the anti-Arab racist policies implemented by consecutive governments . "
Last year , Cardiff councillor John Dixon was wandering the streets of London in search of a wedding ring when he happened upon a group of Scientologists .
Surprised , he tweeted the following : " I did n't know the Scientologists had a church on Tottenham Court Road .
Just hurried past in case the stupid rubs off . "
It 's a fairly mundane sentiment you might think , but unfortunately members of an organisation that the French and German governments consider to be a cult complained to the public services ombudsman for Wales , claiming that Dixon 's statement " impinged on their right to religious freedom . "
Cllr Dixon now faces a disciplinary hearing in spite of the fact that Scientology is not recognised as a religion by the British government .
This is a group which , in 1984 , a high court judge described as " corrupt , sinister and dangerous " .
He said " It is sinister because it indulges in infamous practices both to its adherents who do not toe the line unquestioningly and to those outside who criticise or oppose it . "
The attempt to stifle criticism has provoked an outrage which has spread rapidly across the internet , with thousands of Twitter users , led by the likes of Evan Harris , Professor Brian Cox , Tim Minchin and David Mitchell , coming out in strong support of the beleaguered councillor .
Mitchell summed up the feelings of many when he commented : " The Church of Scientology say calling them stupid impinged on the right to religious freedom .
How ?
Are their convictions so feeble ? "
Of course their actions may be part of a more cunning strategy .
While the government of the UK has never accepted Scientology as a religion , some individual government bodies have – notably the Royal Navy .
If Scientologists succeed in getting the Welsh public ombudsman to rule against a public official on the basis of religious discrimination , then the case could have wider implications across government ; protecting Scientology from criticism by public officials , and adding more credibility to their claims to be a genuine religion .
Dixon of course is not the first public official to be pursued by Scientologists , as the former Conservative MP Geoffrey Johnson Smith will testify .
While MP for East Grinstead in 1970 he was sued for criticizing Scientology doctrine in a BBC documentary , though fortunately won the resulting court case .
In the 40 years since then , Scientologists have continued to campaign in Britain and around the world , bringing a range of lawsuits in response to media criticism .
In the 1990s , for example , Scientologists sued Time Magazine and Readers Digest in response to a prize - winning article discrediting the movement , and tried to prevent its syndication in various European countries .
These tactics have been used by Scientology for decades , but now they find themselves facing a new challenge – social networks .
Unlike individual reporters or newspapers it's hard to sue users of Twitter or Facebook , and attempting to do so would likely backfire spectacularly .
Indeed ,
As I write this the tag " #stupidscientology " is trending on Twitter .
Scientologists may have successfully curbed criticism in traditional media , but the nature of digital communication makes this a much more difficult prospect online .
Meanwhile , thousands are hoping that the public services ombudsman for Wales will see sense and protect Cllr Dixon 's right to express sentiments about a group that has no official religious status in the UK .
If they discipline Dixon for this it will be a big step forward for Scientology , and a big step back for free speech in the UK .
While no computer can generate truly random numbers , Ruby does provide access to a method that will return pseudorandom numbers .
01 of 04 The Numbers Are n't Actually Random
No computer can generate truly random numbers purely by computation .
The best they can do is to generate pseudorandom numbers , which are a sequence of numbers that appear random but are not .
To a human observer , these numbers are indeed random .
There will be no short repeating sequences , and , at least to the human observer , they 'll present no clear pattern .
However , given enough time and motivation , the original seed can be discovered , the sequence recreated and the next number in the sequence guessed .
For this reason , the methods discussed in this article should probably not be used to generate numbers that must be cryptographically secure .
Pseudorandom number generators must be seeded in order to produce sequences that differ each time a new random number is generated .
No method is magical — these seemingly random numbers are generated using relatively simple algorithms and relatively simple arithmetic .
By seeding the PRNG , you 're starting it off at a different point every time .
If you did n't seed it , it would generate the same sequence of numbers each time .
In Ruby , the Kernel #srand method can be called with no arguments .
It will choose a random number seed based on the time , the process ID and a sequence number .
Simply by calling srand anywhere at the beginning of your program , it will generate a different series of seemingly random numbers each time you run it .
This method is called implicitly when the program starts up , and seeds the PRNG with the time and process ID ( no sequence number ) .
02 of 04 Generating Numbers
Once the program is running and Kernel#srand was either implicitly or explicitly called , the Kernel#rand method can be called .
This method , called with no arguments , will return a random number from 0 to 1 .
In the past , this number was typically scaled to the maximum number you 'd wish to generate and perhaps to_i called on it to convert it to an integer .
# Generate an integer from 0 to 10 puts ( rand ( ) * 10 ) .to_i
However , Ruby makes things a bit easier if you 're using Ruby 1.9 .x .
The Kernel#rand method can take a single argument .
If this argument is a Numeric of any kind , Ruby will generate an integer from 0 up to ( and not including ) that number .
# Generate a number from 0 to 10 #
In a more readable way puts rand ( 10 ) However , what if you want to generate a number from 10 to 15 ?
Typically , you 'd generate a number from 0 to 5 and add it to 10 .
However , Ruby makes it easier .
You can pass a Range object to Kernel#rand and it will do just as you 'd expect : generate a random integer in that range .
Make sure you pay attention to the two types of ranges .
If you called rand ( 10..15 ) , that would generate a number from 10 to 15 including 15 .
Whereas rand ( 10 ... 15 ) ( with 3 dots ) would generate a number from 10 to 15 not including 15 .
# Generate a number from 10 to 15 # Including 15 puts rand ( 10..15 )
03 of 04 Non-Random Random Numbers
Sometimes you need a random - looking sequence of numbers , but need to generate the same sequence every time .
For example , if you generate random numbers in a unit test , you should generate the same sequence of numbers every time .
A unit test that fails on one sequence should fail again the next time it 's run , if it generated a difference sequence the next time , it might not fail .
To do that , call Kernel #srand with a known and constant value .
# Generate the same sequence of numbers every time # the program is run srand ( 5 ) # Generate 10 random numbers puts ( 0..10 ) .map{rand( 0..10 ) }
Aung San Suu Kyi’s Burmese passport , issued in New York on 9 December 1970 .
She refused to get a British passport - though she was entitled to one , being married to the British academic Michael Aris .
It was , and still is , illegal in Burma to have dual nationality Photograph : Private Aris Family Collection
Do n't Mess with the Octopus Oracle Paul Celebrates Perfect World Cup Record
He did it !
Paul , Germany 's suddenly world - famous soothsaying octopus managed to correctly predict the results of both World Cup games this weekend , leaving him with a perfect record of 8 - 0 .
Von Eric Kelsey
A jury ruled yesterday against a woman who claimed her reputation was damaged after she was featured on a " Girls Gone Wild " video .
What makes this case remarkable is that she did n't expose her own breasts - she was assaulted .
Advertisement
STLToday reports that the woman , identified only as Jane Doe , was dancing in at the former Rum Jungle bar in 2004 when someone reached up and pulled her tank top down , exposing her breasts to the " Girls Gone Wild " camera .
Jane Doe , who was 20 at the time the tape was made , is now living in Missouri with her husband and two children .
She only found out about the video in 2008 , when a friend of her husband 's saw the " Girls Gone Wild Sorority Orgy " video and recognized her face .
He called up her husband , and in what has got to be the most awkward conversation ever , informed him that his wife 's breasts were kinda famous .
The woman sued Girls Gone Wild for $ 5 million in damages .
After deliberating for just 90 minutes on Thursday , the St. Louis jury came back with a verdict in favor of the smut peddlers .
Patrick O'Brien , the jury foreman , explained later to reporters that they figured if she was willing to dance in front of the photographer , she was probably cool with having her breasts on film .
They said she gave implicit consent by being at the bar , and by participating in the filming - though she never signed a consent form , and she can be heard on camera saying " no , no " when asked to show her breasts .
Advertisement
" I am stunned that this company can get away with this , " said Jane Doe after the ruling .
" Justice has not been served .
I just do n't understand .
I gave no consent . "
When she heard what O'Brien had said , she tearfully added , " I was having fun until my top was pulled off .
And now this thing is out there for the world to see forever . "
So let this be a lesson to us all .
" Consent " is a flexible thing - at least in the eyes of the St. Louis courts .
No means yes , and assault means it 's okay to roll the cameras .
If there were ever a time to get righteously angry , it 's now .
Update : The River Front Times blog has nominated Jane Doe for their " Ass Clown of the Week " award , which is given to the person " whose words or actions you thought brought them the most shame this week . "
Mo. Woman Loses Lawsuit Over ' Girls Gone Wild ' Video [ STL Today ]
Girls Gone Wild Wins Lawsuit [ River Front Times ]
Ass Clown Of The Week [ River Front Times ]
The Atlanta Braves , in first place at the All - Star break , nonetheless moved aggressively to try and improve their team for the second half , trading shortstop Yunel Escobar and pitcher Jo -Jo Reyes for Blue Jays shortstop Alex Gonzalez as part of a five - player deal .
The Braves did n't waste time to bolster their offense .
Gonzalez 33 , hit .259 with 25 doubles , 17 home runs and had 50 RBI in 85 games with the Blue Jays this season .
He 's also considered a gifted defensive player who should aid Atlanta 's ground - ball pitchers such as Tim Hudson and Derek Lowe .
General manager Frank Wren said the Braves were looking for different ways to improve their offense .
" He ( Alex ) fits perfectly into what we are doing , " Wren said .
" He is an outstanding defensive shortstop and a very dangerous hitter . "
Wren also said it 's up to Bobby Cox to determine where Gonzalez is going to hit .
" It 's a good problem to have - where a productive hitter will hit in the lineup , " Wren said .
Escobar , 27 , will assume the same roll with the Blue Jays .
He is batting .238 with 12 doubles at the break .
By Scott Boeck
Image caption Khorgos :
The ancient Silk Road has turned into a busy trade route for China 's booming economy
China helped out with loans when the global financial crisis hit Kazakhstan , and Chinese companies are pouring investment into the Kazakh oil and gas industry , but some Kazakhs now fear their country may be selling out .
China 's presence in Kazakhstan begins in the market place .
Household goods and appliances pour in across the eastern border , as well as thousands of tonnes of fresh produce .
At the Kazakh - Chinese border crossing in Khorgos , hundreds of trucks laden with fruit and vegetables head off to local markets .
China is a vital supplier of affordable products in Kazakhstan .
But it is also viewed with suspicion .
At the Green Bazaar , one of the largest markets in Kazakhstan 's financial capital Almaty , some vegetable traders deny that many of their products are Chinese .
" Lots of traders put a sign next to the product on sale saying it is from Uzbekistan , because it has a better reputation for fruit and vegetables .
There is a stereotype that if something is made in China it is of much poorer quality , " says Zhansulu , who sells tomatoes and cucumbers .
Energy riches
Chinese investors also have a growing and significant presence in Kazakhstan 's lucrative energy market - and that has aroused public concern .
Image caption China is competing with Russia and the West for Kazakh energy
Last month a group of Kazakh parliamentary deputies appealed to the country 's energy minister Sauat Mynbayev .
They asked him to " dispel the cloud " of concern regarding China 's stake in the former Soviet republic 's oil sector .
In a written answer , Mr Mynbayev said China held a 50 - 100 % stake in 15 companies working in Kazakhstan 's energy sector .
According to the Kazakh energy ministry , out of 80 m tonnes of crude oil which Kazakhstan is expected to produce in 2010 , 25.7 m will go to China .
China significantly increased its interests in energy - rich Kazakhstan in 2009 , in return for providing nearly $ 13bn in credits and loans .
It was timely help for a country hit by the global financial crisis .
Kazakhstan had over - borrowed and had suffered from falling oil prices .
" Once energy prices fell , Kazakhstan had to find ways to borrow money and along comes China , offering favourable conditions - lending huge sums at low rates of interest , " says Sergei Smirnov , a business journalist with Kazakhstan 's Expert magazine .
China 's state energy company , China National Petroleum Corporation ( CNPC ) , bought the Kazakh oil producer MangistauMunaiGaz for $ 2.6bn in a joint deal with the Kazakh state energy company KazMunaiGaz .
China Investment Corp ( CIC ) purchased 11 % of the KazMunaiGaz Exploration and Production company for $ 939m .
Uranium project
Agreements have also been reached on joint uranium production .
Separately Kazakhstan 's biggest copper mining company , Kazakhmys , has agreed with China 's Jinchuan Group to create a joint venture to develop Kazakhmys ' major copper growth project at Aktogay .
Image caption The Chinese and Kazakh presidents opened a key gas pipeline last year
" What we see here in Central Asia is part of China 's general strategy .
Since the global financial crisis China , which is the only country with excess cash , has been actively purchasing energy assets that have fallen in price , " says Kazakh political scientist Dosym Satpayev .
Last summer also saw the expansion of oil infrastructure into China from Kazakhstan .
The Kazakh - China oil pipeline grew an additional 762 km ( 472 miles ) from Kazakhstan 's Caspian Sea oilfields , reaching China 's Xinjiang province .
The pipeline is partly owned by CNPC and is the first direct oil pipeline from Central Asia to China .
It can transport up to 10 m tonnes of crude oil per year , and there are plans to double that capacity .
Land grab ?
Chinese support for Kazakhstan after the global financial crisis may have been appreciated by the Kazakh government , but there has been growing public unease that the country may be selling out to its eastern neighbour .
In December Kazakh President Nursultan Nazarbayev said China was interested in renting one million hectares of Kazakh farmland .
For the country 's weak political opposition this was an opportunity to mobilise support .
Rare public demonstrations were held against " Chinese expansionism " .
In late January , up to 1,000 people holding banners that read " Kazakh land is not for sale " urged the government to reconsider .
Old fears
Kazakhstan is one of the largest countries in the world by area , but has a population of just 15.6 million .
Fears were voiced that the land lease would lead to Chinese farmers beginning to settle in the country .
This came on top of existing fears about the number of Chinese energy workers .
But the government has sought to dismiss such concerns .
At a press conference in February Kairgeldi Kabyldin , the head of the country 's main oil and gas company KazMunaiGaz , said that just 2 % of workers in Kazakh oil companies were Chinese .
" We can't say that there is an expansion of Chinese investors , we are guided first of all by economic profitability .
In our view , there are substantial advantages from our partnership with China , " said Mr Kabyldin .
Regional observers say Kazakhstan needs to understand its neighbours ' motives better .
" People only see the short - term benefits .
Kazakhstan sees China as a big wallet where it can get credits .
But China is playing a 1,000 - year game " , says Dosym Satpayev .
As China provides economic support for Kazakhstan , he says , there is a risk that bit by bit it will also gain political leverage .
Focke - Wulf Fw 190 Variants FW 190 A Fw 190 A - 0 - Pre-production series .
Total of 28 built .
Fw 190 A - 1 - Produced until June 1941 .
The Fw 190 A - 1 had a BMW 801 C - 1 engine rated at 1,539 hp .
Armament was two fuselage - mounted 7.92 mm MG 17s , two wingroot - mounted 7.92 mm MG 17s and two outboard wing - mounted 20 mm MG FF / Ms. Fw 190 A - 2 - Equipped with improved BMW 801 C - 2 .
The A - 2 had two wingroot - mounted 20 mm MG 151/20E cannons .
Fw 190 A - 3 - The Fw 190 A - 3 used the BMW 801 D - 2 engine which increased power to 1,677 hp .
Fw 190 A - 3a - Diverted for export .
Fw 190 A - 4 - Updated radio equipment .
Altogether , 976 Fw 190 A - 4s were built between June 1942 and March 1943 .
Fw 190 A - 8/R2 ( Wikimedia , U.S. Air Force Photo ) Fw 190 A - 5 - New engine : the BMW 801 D - 2 engine rated at 1,677 hp .
Fw 190 A - 6 - New wing structural design .
Armament increased to two MG 17 fuselage machine guns and four 20 mm MG 151/20 E wing cannon with larger ammunition boxes .
Fw 190 A - 7 - The Fw 190 A - 7 used the BMW 801 D - 2 engine with 1,677 hp .
Basic armament was increased with two fuselage - mounted 13 mm MG 131s , replacing the MG 17s .
Fw 190 A - 8 - The Fw 190 A - 8 was powered by BMW 801 D - 2 or the 801Q ( also known as 801TU ) .
Most numerous version .
Fw 190 A - 9 - The Fw 190 A - 9 was equipped with the BMW 801S also called the 801 TS or 801 TH .
It was the last Fw 190 A model with total of 910 produced from April 1944 - May 1945 .
FW 190 B - Prototypes with turbocharged BMW 801 .
FW 190 C - Prototypes with turbocharged Daimler - Benz DB 603 .
FW 190 D Fw 190 D - 0 , D - 1 , D - 2 etc. - Prototypes with Jumo 213 engine .
Fw 190 D - 9 Dora - High - altitude long - nose version .
1,805 Fw 190 D - 9 built .
The Fw 190 D - 9 used a liquid - cooled Jumo 213A producing 1,726 hp .
Engine could produce 2,071 hp on emergency power with MW 50 injection .
Fw 190 D - 11 - Jumo 213E engine .
Only 17 Fw 190 D - 11s produced .
Fw 190 D - 13 - All - weather flying equipment and modified radio .
FW 190 F Fw 190 F - 1 - First ground attack version .
48 produced .
Fw 190 F - 8 ( Wikimedia , Kogo , GNU Free Documentation License ) Fw 190 F - 2 - 270 produced .
Fw 190 F - 3 - Based on Fw 190 A - 5/U17. 432 produced .
Fw 190 F - 4 through F - 7 - Not produced in quantity .
Fw 190 F - 8 - Modified radios for improved ground communication .
Armament on Fw 190 F - 8 was two 20 mm MG 151/20 cannon in wing roots and two 13 mm MG 131 machine guns above engine .
Major variants include Fw 190 F - 8/U2 torpedo bomber , Fw 190 F - 8/U3 heavy torpedo bomber , and Fw 190 F - 8/U4 night fighter .
Fw 190 F - 9 - Based on Fw 190 A - 9 with bomb racks and new Ta 152 tail unit .
FW 190 G Fw 190 G - 1 - Long - range attack aircraft based on Fw 190 A - 4/ U8 .
Only two wing mounted MG 151 cannons .
Fw 190 G - 2 - Based on the Fw 190 A - 5/U8 aircraft .
Similar armament to G - 1. Fw 190 G - 3 - Based on Fw 190 A - 6 . Fw 190 G - 4 - Based on the Fw 190 A - 8 . FW 190 S Fw 190 S - 5 and S - 8 - Two - seater trainer versions .
Panasonic showed for the first time on Wednesday a prototype lens for its Lumix DSLR ( digital single - lens reflex ) cameras that will give them the ability to capture 3D still images .
The lens actually contains two small lenses side by side , which each transmit light to the camera 's image sensor .
The image coming through each lens will be from a slightly different viewpoint and it's that difference that will allow resulting images to exhibit the illusion of depth and appear to be in three dimensions .
It will be compatible with Lumix cameras that use the " G Micro System " mount and should be available by the end of 2010 .
Panasonic did n't provide any more details about pricing for the lens or regional availability .
Panasonic presented a prototype of the lens at a Tokyo news conference where it also announced its first 3D camcorders .
The Lumix lens appeared to be around a centimeter deep and the two lenses were contained within the diameter of the lens mount .
Several rival camera makers have already launched their first 3D photography systems .
FujiFilm has a camera with dual lenses and dual image sensors while Sony uses a single lens and image sensor but requires the photographer to swing the camera in an arc to capture a 3D panorama .
Panasonic said advantages of its lens will be easier 3D photography , and images that show no distortion between left and right images , even for moving objects .
The 3D images can be viewed on a 3D television .
Martyn Williams covers Japan and general technology breaking news for The IDG News Service .
Follow Martyn on Twitter at @martyn_williams .
Martyn's e-mail address is martyn_williams@idg.com
Portrayed as a flame - haired , green - eyed femme fatale , a 28 - year - old Russian businesswoman has emerged as a tabloid darling after an alleged Cold War - style spy ring was uncovered by US authorities .
Sultry Facebook photos of Anna Chapman were plastered on the front page of the New York Daily News following her arrest along with 10 other alleged members of a sophisticated network of US - based Russian sleeper agents .
" Spy ring 's femme fatale , " declared the New York Post , before elaborating : " Red hot beauty snared in Russian ' espionage ' shock . "
Credit : SIPA PRESS / REX FEATURES
July 8 , 2010 - TF2 Team
Say you have two things : a perfectly good hand , and a brilliant inventor for a grandfather .
One day you stumble across a blueprint for an amazing - as - hell robot hand meant to replace an arm - stump .
Wait , you have three things : the hand , the grandfather , and a saw .
The final day of the Engineer Update unveils the Gunslinger , a mechanical stump - mounted monstrosity ; " Thunder Mountain " , the most awesomely named of our Valve - created Payload Maps .
Stop reading .
Go play !
Tomgram : Nick Turse , BP and the Pentagon 's Dirty Little Secret
[ Note to TomDispatch Readers : Atop my last post I urged readers to pre-order my new book , The American Way of War : How Bush ’s Wars Became Obama ’s , due out in a few days , and I made an offer as well : anyone willing to contribute $ 75 or more to TomDispatch to keep this site chugging along would get a signed copy of the book with my deepest thanks .
Let me admit to my amazement that so many were so generous !
A deep bow to those of you who have already contributed , and a small warning -- be patient .
A box of my books will soon be in the mail to me , but you may have to wait a couple of weeks to get your books .
In the meantime , so many thanks !
Tom ]
It could n’t be worse , could it ?
In the Gulf , BP now claims to be retrieving 15,000 barrels of oil a day from the busted pipe 5,000 feet down .
That ’s three times the total amount of oil it claimed , bare weeks ago , was coming out of that pipe .
A government panel of experts now suggests that the real figure could be up to 60,000 barrels or 2.5 million gallons a day , the equivalent of an Exxon Valdez spill every four days -- and some independent experts think the figure could actually be closer to 100,000 barrels a day .
In the meantime , we just learned from the Los Angeles Times that -- go figure -- the “ primary responsibility for safety and other inspections ” on the oil rig that blew in the Gulf “ rested not with the U.S. government but with the Republic of the Marshall Islands , ” and that those impoverished islands had outsourced their responsibilities to private companies .
Go BP !
We also learned that the relief wells sure to staunch the flow of oil by “ early August ” could take far longer , fail , or even make matters significantly worse ; that BP cut every corner in the book to save money when drilling its well ; and , oh , that evidently even the heavens are angry at the oil giant , since on Tuesday a lightning strike put its sole drill / retrieval ship in the Gulf out of action for hours , leaving all that oil pouring into the water unimpeded .
However bad the bad news is , each new dawn it only seems to get worse , as does the “ collateral damage , ” whether to pelicans or the Gulf 's beaches and wetlands .
Meanwhile , in Afghanistan , that war equivalent of BP ’s Gulf disaster , things are similarly trending downward at a startling pace as the news from there grows ever grimmer .
The model American offensive in the southern town of Marja , declared a " success " in early May , has faltered badly and has been labeled by Afghan war commander General Stanley McChrystal a “ bleeding ulcer ” ; the “ government in a box ” that he claimed the U.S. would merrily roll out after U.S. and Afghan troops decisively shoved the Taliban aside , is still in absentia , and the Taliban remain all too present ; Afghan President Hamid Karzai now openly indicates that he thinks the Americans can’t win in his country and he ’s planning accordingly ; the much ballyhooed American “ offensive ” in Afghanistan ’s second largest city , Kandahar , has once again been delayed ; corruption increases ; American and NATO death tolls grow worse by the month as support for the war in the U.S. sinks ; the “ collateral damage ” only increases ; and this week , in a piece in the New York Times , we were told things are so bad that a serious drawdown of forces in 2011 is considered unlikely .
Go figure ( again ) !
And oh , the heavens are evidently not so happy with our Afghan operations either , since Centcom commander General David Petraeus fainted while under what one commentator called “ withering ” questioning about drawdown schedules for U.S. troops in a Senate hearing room Tuesday .
To make matters more complicated , as Nick Turse , TomDispatch regular and author of The Complex : How the Military Invades Our Everyday Lives , points out , America ’s two distant disasters are not only out of control and seemingly unstaunchable , but more intimately connected than we might imagine .
The American disaster in Afghanistan runs , in significant part , on BP - produced fuel , and government payments for that fuel are bolstering BP while it lives through its purgatory in the Gulf .
In addition , lest the American people learn the absolute worst , BP , evidently working hand - in - hand with the government , has put great effort into avoiding unnecessarily ugly photos , potentially negative stories , and unwanted information from the Gulf , by adopting methods of news control pioneered by the Pentagon in Iraq and Afghanistan .
These include the “ embedding ” of reporters with government minders on public beaches , in the water , and in the air .
It has even evidently become the norm in the Gulf now for officials to speak of reporters covering the scene as “ media embeds . ”
In this way do our disparate disasters merge in corporate and government hands .
Tom
Kick Ass or Buy Gas ?
How Taxpayers Are Subsidizing BP ’s Disaster Through the Pentagon
By Nick Turse Residents of Louisiana , Mississippi , Alabama , and Florida are livid with BP in the wake of the massive , never - ending oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico -- and Barack Obama says they ought to be .
But there ’s one aspect of the BP story that most of those angry residents of the Gulf states are n’t aware of .
And the president has n’t had a thing to say about it .
The developers behind the GNOME project have gathered in the Netherlands this week for the annual GUADEC conference .
During a meeting that took place at the event , the GNOME release team made the difficult decision to delay the launch of GNOME 3 , the next major version of the popular open source desktop environment .
The new version has been deemed unready for mass consumption and will need another round of refinements before it can achieve the level of maturity and robustness that is expected by the software 's users .
Although the news will likely disappoint some enthusiasts , it is consistent with the GNOME development community 's conservative approach to release management and strong emphasis on predictability .
GNOME consists of open source applications and development frameworks that form a complete desktop computing stack .
It provides a number of the core components that make up the default user experience in many mainstream Linux distributions , including Ubuntu and Fedora .
GNOME is developed on a time - based six - month release cycle , which means that there are two incremental releases every year .
Original GNOME 3 release schedule
The predictability of the consistent release cycle is one of the major factors that has driven GNOME adoption among commercial desktop Linux distributors , but the incremental development model has largely precluded radical changes .
The idea of a major 3.0 update had been discussed for quite some time , but did not initially attract much support from key decision makers .
Some GNOME developers , however , feared that the project 's reduction in forward momentum was leading to a decline in innovation and a state of " decadence . "
These concerns prompted a renewal of interest in overhauling the GNOME user experience , a movement that culminated in 2008 with the formation of a GNOME 3 roadmap and development plan .
GNOME 3 was originally intended to launch in March of 2010 , but the developers prepared for the possibility that it would not be ready in time .
They decided to move forward with their plans to release a new major version , but with the understanding that they would release a normal incremental update instead if 3.0 was n't sufficiently mature .
That is exactly what happened when the release team assessed the suitability of 3.0 in preparation for the March release .
They decided to push it up another cycle and aim for a September launch .
This week at GUADEC , they have once again concluded that version 3 is not yet ready .
We will see another standard incremental update in September and the GNOME 3 release will be pushed back another cycle , with the aim of getting it out the door in March 2011 .
A sensible release management strategy
The continued delays are not particularly troubling and a lot of progress has been made on the new GNOME 3.0 technologies over the past six months .
The GNOME Shell , a new desktop user interface that is built with JavaScript and the Clutter framework , has seen an especially rapid pace of evolution and many improvements during the current development cycle .
A lot of the transitional work that is taking place under the hood , such as the shift from the legacy GConf configuration system to the modern GSettings framework , is also proceeding faster than some observers anticipated .
Many Linux enthusiasts likely remember the problems that plagued the competing KDE desktop environment when its fourth major version was released in 2008 .
KDE 4 was launched prematurely in a partially completed state because its developers hoped that users would help identify weaknesses and accelerate the completion of the software .
The plan backfired , partly because mixed messages from KDE 's developers broadly distorted the expectations of the software 's users .
It seems clear that the GNOME developers are carefully working to avoid falling into the same trap .
They are n't going to release GNOME 3 until it 's mature enough for practical day - to - day use .
All things considered , the GNOME release management strategy looks sound and well - reasoned .
The ongoing incremental releases have allowed the existing GNOME environment to move forward during the protracted period of development for version 3.0 , ensuring that regular users wo n't suffer any ill effects from the delays .
" GNOME is driven by its goals to provide a quality free software desktop , and we feel that our users and downstream community are better served by holding the GNOME 3.0 release until March 2011 , " GNOME 's release team said in an official statement .
" This gives adequate time not only for feature development , but user feedback and testing . "
First impressions are very important in software .
When introducing a completely new user interface , it 's important to make sure that it has the highest possible level of fit and finish right out of the starting gate .
If users have a bad first experience , they might simply never accept the changes .
As such , it 's unsurprising that the GNOME developers are being cautious about the completeness of GNOME 3 .
Although it 's not ready for official release , users who want to get an early look at some of the key features of GNOME 3 can still choose to install the software themselves .
I 've been using the GNOME Shell package archive from Launchpad to periodically test the new user interface on Ubuntu , for example .
We will be taking a closer look at the software and report on some of the new features in the coming months as the developers prepare for the official release .
UNITED NATIONS ( Reuters ) - The U.N. Security Council on Friday condemned an attack leading to the sinking of a South Korean warship in March , but stopped short of directly blaming North Korea .
The council statement , by not identifying an attacker , was able to win consent from Pyongyang ally China for unanimous approval and also avoid further alienating North Korea , which the West wants to draw back to six - party talks on ending its nuclear program .
The council expressed “ deep concern ” over findings by a South Korean - led inquiry that North Korea had sunk the naval corvette Cheonan , but noted that Pyongyang had denied responsibility .
North Korea ’s U.N. ambassador described the statement as a “ great diplomatic victory ” for his country .
The envoy , Sin Son-ho , also said Pyongyang hoped to “ continue the denuclearization process on the Korean peninsula through six - party talks . ”
A North Korean Foreign Ministry spokesman said later in comments carried by the KCNA news agency that Pyongyang was willing to return to nuclear disarmament talks , signaling satisfaction the Security Council statement did not lay blame on it for the sinking of a South Korean navy ship .
The council statement differed little from a draft agreed to by its five permanent members .
The draft was handed by the United States to all 15 council members on Thursday .
South Korea has blamed the March 26 sinking , which killed 46 of its sailors , on a North Korean torpedo attack .
It took the issue to the Security Council on June 4 , requesting action to deter “ further provocation by North Korea . ”
Putting together a council statement took weeks , slowed by China , which is believed to be worried about sacrificing influence in Pyongyang while North Korea ’s leader Kim Jong - il is trying to prepare succession plans in his secretive state .
The Security Council said the attack -- a term ruling out that the Cheonan could have been sunk accidentally -- “ endangers peace and security in the region and beyond . ”
“ The Security Council condemns the attack which led to the sinking of the Cheonan , ” it said .
It praised Seoul for a restrained reaction to the sinking , underscored “ the importance of preventing further such attacks or hostilities against ( South Korea ) ” and called for the maintenance of peace and security on the Korean Peninsula .
WRITTEN INTO THE RECORD
The agreed text is a so - called presidential statement , which is written into the record of the council and requires the consent of all 15 members .
But it is less weighty than the council resolution South Korea had hoped for .
Following the formal reading of the statement to the council by its current president , Nigerian Ambassador Joy Ogwu , South Korean envoy Park In - kook shook hands with diplomats and hugged U.S. Ambassador Susan Rice .
Both Rice and Park sought to make the best of the fact that the statement did not directly blame North Korea .
“ Our view is that the message to North Korea is in fact quite clear , ” Rice told reporters .
“ It uses the term ‘ attack ’ repeatedly , which I think you do n’t have to be a scholar of the English language to understand is not a neutral term . ”
In Washington , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said the statement “ underscores ... the reality that a peaceful resolution of the issues on the Korean Peninsula will only be possible if North Korea fundamentally changes its behavior . ”
North Korea has suggested that the Cheonan could have been sunk accidentally , for example by hitting rocks .
It has said it would be willing to cooperate with the South on a new probe , and on Friday proposed military talks with the United States .
South Korea ’s joint civilian and military investigation team , which included experts from the United States , Australia , Britain and Sweden , concluded that a North Korean submarine fired a torpedo that sank the corvette .
“ I ’m sure that today ’s strong and unanimous statement will serve to make North Korea refrain from further attack or provocation , ” Park told journalists .
Analysts in South Korea said the compromise statement could bode well for the six - party talks -- aimed at compensating North Korea for ending its nuclear program -- which grouped the two Koreas , China , Japan , the United States and Russia .
A senior U.S. official , who asked not to be identified , said North Korea had been inching back toward rejoining the talks , but wanted first to negotiate a Korean peninsula peace treaty to replace the armistice that ended the 1950 - 53 Korean War .
Hamilton Airport Limo
for all of your limousine needs .
The official Airport Taxi of Hamilton is your one stop shop for all your airport rides , we can provide you with a luxury limousine and professional chauffeur to take you where you want to go .
We specialize in providing Affordable airport taxi service to and from the airports .
If you ’re traveling within Hamilton , or planning a trip to one of the airports such as Toronto pearson airport , Toronto city centre airport or even a trip to downtown toronto or any other special event , we can meet your needs .
We offer many choices of limousines , luxury and comfort for your limousine rental event .
In addition to our sedan Lincoln towncars , we also have minivans for upto 6 people as well as suvs that can carry upto 8 people plus luggage which is a wonderful choice for your family or friends .
And of course , you will loves our stretch limos , Lincoln stretch limousines are top notch throughout .
When you want to ride in style , call Us .
You ’ll get the best ride at the best price .
Some of the service that we offer are as follows :
taxi or limo from Hamilton to Toronto Airport
taxi or limo from Toronto Pearson Airport to Hamilton
taxi or limo from Hamilton to Hamilton International Airport
taxi or limo from Hamilton International Airport to downtown Hamilton
taxi or limo from Hamilton to Buffalo Airport
taxi or limo from Buffalo Airport to downtown Hamilton
taxi or limo from Hamilton to Mt. Hope Airport
taxi or limo from Mt. Hope Airport to downtown Hamilton
taxi or limo from Hamilton to John C. Munro Airport
taxi or limo from John C. Munro Airport to downtown Hamilton
The Star reports today that the provincial legislature cabinet passed a new law on June 2 without any debate .
That would n’t be such a big deal , except that it wo n’t even be published in The Ontario Gazette until July 2 , 2010 , after it ’s revoked on June 28 , 2010 .
Considering the nature of the regulation , it ’s worthy of closer scrutiny .
Ontario Regulation 233/10 was made pursuant to ss. 1 ( c ) and 6 of the Public Works Protection Act , and designates the now - infamous fenced - off area in downtown Toronto as a “ public work . ”
But it ’s not just the general area :
Everything described in … the definition of “ public work ” … is located in the area … including , without limitation and for greater certainty , every sidewalk in that area .
[ emphasis added ]
The area also happens to correspond with workplace of the largest concentration of lawyers in Canada .
In fact , it ’s also right next to what ’s likely the public largest transit hub in Canada as well .
But if you ’re not from Toronto , and have n’t been subjected to being herded through narrow gates guarded by dozens of police officers over the past few days , this is what it looks like :
In other words , the sidewalk is all these people have .
( For comparison , this is what it normally looks like ) .
The regulation also extends the area for a 5 meter radius out from the line .
By designating the area as a public works , peace officers as defined under the Act , are given expansive powers ,
Powers of guard or peace officer 3.A guard or peace officer , ( a ) may require any person entering or attempting to enter any public work or any approach thereto to furnish his or her name and address , to identify himself or herself and to state the purpose for which he or she desires to enter the public work , in writing or otherwise ; ( b ) may search , without warrant , any person entering or attempting to enter a public work or a vehicle in the charge or under the control of any such person or which has recently been or is suspected of having been in the charge or under the control of any such person or in which any such person is a passenger ; and ( c ) may refuse permission to any person to enter a public work and use such force as is necessary to prevent any such person from so entering .
[ emphasis added ]
Considering how we ’re talking about the core of downtown Toronto here , it seems just a little draconian .
And what happens if you do n’t obey ?
Refusal to obey guard , etc. 5 . ( 1 ) Every person who neglects or refuses to comply with a request or direction made under this Act by a guard or peace officer , and every person found upon a public work or any approach thereto without lawful authority , the proof whereof lies on him or her , is guilty of an offence and on conviction is liable to a fine of not more than $ 500 or to imprisonment for a term of not more than two months , or to both .
Or thrown in a cage .
Presumably subject to arrest under 5 .( 2 ) .
The Star also reports today that this is exactly what happened to the first person we can tell who was detained under the new regulation ,
Standing outside the Eastern Ave. detention centre , Dave Vasey is trembling .
It is about 9 p.m. and he has just spent the past five hours sitting alone in a wire cage , on a metal bench , with few answers …
Vasey said he had been provided with legal information prior to the G20 from the Toronto Community Mobilization Network , an umbrella group supporting thousands of protesters descending on the city .
“ But ( police ) told me there was this bylaw , ” he said .
“ I did n’t know what they were talking about . ”
Just so we ’re clear , I do not participate in protests as a matter of principle .
But I do regularly pass through this zone , as do thousands of other Torontonians .
I just want my city back .
In the meantime , I ’ll be leaving my city to avoid what looks like could be a very ugly stand - off between police and protesters who will not know about new police powers and the new ability to detain people summarily in what , until very recently , was the most public of public places .
Protesters unaware of the new regulation will likely perceive police action as overly broad and without legal justification , only escalating the conflict .
If the intent of the regulation was to scare the rest of us , well it seems like it worked .
Image caption Annual inflation in April stood at 9.59 % after reaching 9.9 % in March
India 's economy grew at an annual rate of 8.6 % in the three months to March , largely thanks to growth in manufacturing , official data has shown .
That marked an increase on the 6.5 % growth seen in the previous quarter .
Analysts say the figures from the Central Statistical Organisation are likely to keep the central bank on its path of gradual rate increases .
The Reserve Bank of India ( RBI ) raised interest rates in April and March as it battles high levels of inflation .
The economy for the year ending March 2010 grew by 7.4 % , ahead of the RBI 's January forecast of 7.2 % .
' Momentum '
" I expect the current economic momentum to remain , " Indian Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee said after the figures were released .
He added that he expected the economy to grow by 8.5 % in the financial year to March 2011 .
However , some analysts cautioned that going forward , the Indian economy could be impacted by the continuing government debt woes in Western Europe .
" If Europe 's problems continue , it may cause a domino effect across the globe , weakening trade and consumer confidence again , " said Mridul Saggar , chief economist at Mumbai - based Kotak Securities .
1
The best way to do that is to sound it out .
There is a replacement test that will tell you for certain which word will fit .
Read the sentence within place of where theis intended .
If it makes sense , thenwould be right .
If not , thenwould fit .
You could also replacewithin the sentence .
If it fits , then use
EU tightens sanctions over Iran nuclear programme Published duration 26 July 2010
image caption Sanctions are targeting Iran 's energy projects such as the South Pars gas field
EU foreign ministers have adopted tougher sanctions targeting Iran 's energy sector , in an effort to block its controversial nuclear programme .
There are new restrictions on foreign trade , financial services and the oil and gas sectors - the backbone of Iran 's economy .
Officials said the package was " by some way the most far - reaching sanctions adopted by the EU against any country " .
Canada has also imposed sanctions against Iran .
Like the EU , Ottawa 's measures are targeting Iran 's energy and banking sectors .
In response , Iran said the sanctions would fail .
" Sanctions are not considered an effective tool ... and they will only complicate the situation " , Iranian foreign ministry spokesman Ramin Mehmanparast was quoted as saying by the country 's state - run media .
In a separate development , Tehran told the International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA ) that it was ready to return to negotiations on a nuclear fuel swap , without conditions .
It was responding to international concerns over a plan announced by Iran , Brazil and Turkey in May , under which Iran would send low - enriched uranium to Turkey in return for high - enriched uranium for use as fuel for a research reactor .
The plan has already been rejected by the world 's major powers .
Call for dialogue
Monday 's moves by the EU and Canada came a month after the US strengthened its own sanctions against Iran .
The US and its allies accuse Tehran of seeking to develop nuclear weapons .
Iran insists its nuclear programme is solely for peaceful purposes .
Last month , the UN Security Council approved a fourth round of sanctions against Iran over its nuclear programme , which directly targets the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps .
The Revolutionary Guards are involved in many industries , including car manufacturing and clothing , and control at least a third of the economy .
The new EU measures are banning the export to Iran of key equipment and technology for refining and for the exploration and production of natural gas .
New European investment in major sectors of the Iranian economy will also be banned .
There will be restrictions on sales to Iran of any goods which could potentially have military applications .
Ships will be inspected if they are suspected of carrying illegal material .
There is expected to be tight scrutiny of Iranian banks operating in the EU .
Any money transfers of more than 10,000 euros ( £ 8,340 ) will have to be notified to national authorities , and amounts above 40,000 euros will require prior authorisation .
More than 40 individuals and more than 50 companies will be blacklisted .
The new measures will come into force in the coming days , after they are published in the EU 's official gazette , EU officials say .
EU foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton said in Brussels that " the purpose of those sanctions is to persuade Iran , 'we need to discuss this issue , and move forward ' " .
" We want to see dialogue on nuclear weapons capability to start as soon as possible in order to reach an agreement , "
Iranian warning
On Sunday , Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad warned the European Union against imposing sanctions , saying his country would cause it to " regret " the move .
Mr Ahmadinejad said that anyone who adopted hostile measures " should know that Iran will react swiftly " .
Meanwhile a senior US official has told the BBC that sanctions against Iran are having a dramatic effect as private companies around the world refuse to do business with Tehran .
" We 're seeing a lot of companies decline to invest in Iran 's infrastructure and that is , when you think about it , one of the most important variables .
Because , if they 're unable to attract this investment , then long term their economy is in a very difficult situation , " he said .
Speaking in Brussels on Monday , Sweden 's Foreign Minister Carl Bildt said the EU was pursuing " a double - track policy " towards Iran .
Correction to this article
Suitably inscrutable
IN 1969 Benny Binion , owner of the Horseshoe Casino in Las Vegas , attended the Texas Gamblers ' Reunion in Reno , where he played high - stakes poker for several days .
His opponents were a group of men — and men only — with the sort of Runyonesque names endemic in poker 's history and lore : Chill , Puggy , Minnesota Fats , Texas Dolly .
The following year Mr Binion invited the high - rollers to his casino .
After a few days the players elected Johnny Moss the best of their number and awarded him a silver cup .
Thus was the World Series of Poker ( WSOP ) humbly begun .
The next year it evolved into a freeze - out game with a $ 5,000 buy - in , meaning that once a player lost his $ 5,000 stake , he could not buy his way back in .
In 2006 — the WSOP 's peak year — around 48,000 entrants total competed in 45 separate tournaments featuring most of the main varieties of poker for over $ 100 m in prize money .
But the WSOP is not the only game in town .
The World Poker Tour ( WPT ) also hosts a series of international tournaments each year .
Millions of dollars , pounds and euros change hands every night at poker tables around the world and on dozens of poker websites .
At the time of the Texas Gamblers ' Reunion there were fewer than 50 poker tables in Las Vegas ; today the Bellagio alone has 40 , and Binion 's Horseshoe holds four no-limit Hold 'em tournaments every day .
Moreover , poker is spreading far beyond America .
WPT poker games are broadcast in over 150 countries to around 400 m people .
H2 , a gambling consultancy , puts the global online - poker market at $ 4.9 billion , of which America ( where the game 's legal status is dubious ) accounts for $ 1.4 billion .
WSOP Europe has hosted tournaments in London since 2007 .
In May and June the European Championship of Online Poker awarded some $ 5.1 m in prize money .
The tournament was hosted by Titan Poker , which claims to be Europe 's most popular poker site , with up to 30,000 simultaneous players .
The WPT has hosted events in Spain , France and Morocco .
Like so many global crazes , this worldwide rise was powered by two engines : television and the internet .
Poker has been on television for quite a while ; CBS , an American network , broadcast the World Series of Poker in 1978 .
But the programmes were pretty basic : a camera or two recorded the game and commentators told viewers what they could already see for themselves .
Only action on the felt was visible : two cards dealt face down to each player , followed by a round of betting , then three communal cards face down , another round of betting , then a fourth and fifth card , both followed by rounds of betting .
But for anyone who was not already a poker fan it seemed boring .
I know something you do n't
However , in 2003 the WPT borrowed a technique from a British poker programme called “ Late Night Poker ” , showing each player 's two individual cards , thus allowing viewers to see the game from the inside .
This proved a great success .
WPT also edited ruthlessly .
The staple of thrilling televised poker is the showdown , in which players bet against each other all the way and a winner is determined only by turning up all the cards and comparing hands .
In practice , this rarely happens .
Most experienced players insist that success at poker is not about luck .
David Sklansky , author of “ The Theory of Poker ” , the best and most thoughtful of the many books on poker strategies , writes that “ expert players do not rely on luck .
They are at war with luck .
They use their skills to minimise luck as much as possible . ”
In poker , as in life , luck can happen to anyone ; it is evenly distributed .
Skilled players know how to take advantage of it when it happens to them , and get out of the way when it is someone else 's turn .
This is not a theoretical point ; it is at the heart of a dispute about poker 's future in America , the country of its birth and its largest single market .
UIGEA ( the enforcement mechanisms of which have only just come into effect , even though the act was passed in 2006 ) bans financial institutions from transferring funds for bets in which “ opportunity to win is predominantly subject to chance . ”
Poker has been judged to fall into that category ( though the act exempts stocktrading and horseracing ) , so sites that offer Americans the opportunity to play online poker have to duck and dive .
Yet the view that poker is indeed a game of skill is gaining traction .
A 2009 study carried out by Cigital , a software consultancy , analysed 103 m hands of one of the main varieties of poker , Texas Hold 'em , played at Pokerstars.com , and found that over 75 % of them were decided before a showdown .
They thus depended far more on the players ' betting decisions than on the cards dealt .
The Poker Players '
Alliance , a million - strong group of aficionados , argued in the South Carolina Supreme Court that “ the structure and rules allow sufficient room for a player 's exercise of skill to overcome the chance element in the game . ”
And The Global Poker Strategic Thinking Society , founded by Charles Nesson , a Harvard law professor , takes a similar view .
Mr Nesson sees in poker “ a language for thinking about and an environment for experiencing the dynamics of strategy in dispute resolution ” .
Similarly , Garry Kasparov , a chess grandmaster , argues that poker offers lessons on chance and risk management that even his beloved game cannot .
He also notes that many chess professionals are moving into poker , not least because the money is better .
Jennifer Shahade , who twice won the American Women 's Chess Championship and is now a semi- professional poker player , thinks that chess and poker rely on similar skills — a sort of calculating game - savviness — and that chess players are likely to succeed at poker because “ they focus on finding the right moves , rather than having fun or how their ego feels . ”
Yet perhaps the clearest argument in favour of poker being skill - rather than chance - dependent comes from Mr Sklansky , and it has to do with losing rather than winning .
Imagine trying intentionally to lose at a game of pure chance , like roulette or baccarat .
It would be impossible .
At the beginning of a deal or a roll you have to bet on something .
You can no more deliberately play badly than you can deliberately play well .
The same is not true for poker , which offers multiple opportunities to make sure you lose .
Still , America 's Congress seems unconvinced .
Correction :
An earlier version of this article understated the number of entrants in the WSOP 's 45 tournaments .
While its main event drew 8,773 entrants , its various tournaments combined drew about 48,000 entrants .
This point was corrected July 12th 2010 .
Let us pray for Peggy Noonan , important dingbat Wall Street Journal columnist , for she is in a state of sadness , despair .
She despises today 's elites , the Youths : the politicians , the bloggers , the " Facebook jockeys . "
Who shall smite these incompetent infants ?
In today 's comical jumble of foggy Victorian wrist spasms , " Youth Has Outlived Its Usefulness , " Noonan lashes out at Earth 's toddler authority figures and their petty , corrosive effects on discourse .
They are incompetent , pre-pubescent .
Why do these middle - aged men have no midwives or governesses to monitor them as they sway in the cradle ?
Mr. Obama is young , 48 , as is British Prime Minister David Cameron ( 43 ) , with whom he meets next week , and as were Bill Clinton ( 46 on Inauguration Day ) and the somewhat older but still distressingly young George W. Bush , sworn in at 54 .
Mr. Cameron 's partner in governance , Nicholas Clegg , is also 43 .
Stephen Harper of Canada is 51 , Nicolas Sarkozy of France a youthful 55 .
Youth is supposed to bring vigor and vision .
In general , however , I think we find in our modern political figures that what it really brings is need - for greatness , to be transformative , to leave a legacy .
Such clamorous needs !
How very boring they are , how puny and small , but how huge in their consequences .
And who enables these petulant 50 - year - old rapscallion devils ?
The bloggers , who are somehow even younger !
Look at them , on their " Internet " machines , slamming the typing boards like unmedicated Jacobins .
On the Internet , you read the fierce posts of political and ideological writers and wonder , Why do so many young bloggers sound like hyenas laughing in the dark ?
Maybe it 's because there 's no old hand at the next desk to turn and say , " Son , being an enraged , profane , unmoderated , unmediated , hit - loving , trash - talking rage monkey is no way to go through life . "
( Eh , pays the bills .
Sometimes . )
Bring
Peggy your finest octogenarians , the oldest of the old , wisest of the wise !
( Or at least some 50 - or 60 - year old Republican hacks / lobbyists . )
Who might benefit from a real , if not consciously felt , longing for the old , tried and true ?
Not a Facebook jockey twittering from deepest cyberspace .
A frank , unshowy Sen. Tom Coburn ?
Gov. Haley Barbour , an old - style , gray - haired , shrewd - eyed southerner ?
Maybe [ Indiana Gov. ]
Mitch Daniels , who is , as they say , an old person 's idea of a young man .
He has the style of a lovely normal boring person .
Boring : that looks so good right now .
Old , that looks so fresh , so new .
Someone , please bring this " Mitch " to her at once , to exact satisfaction .
The incredible ' bendy bicycle ' : British designer , 21 , invents a bike you can FOLD around a lamp post
Advertisement
A young designer has invented a revolutionary folding bicycle that will stop thieves in their tracks .
Kevin Scott , 21 , designed the space - age bike that wraps around a lamp post so it can be locked - up safely - without the need for a lock or chain .
The De Montfort University graduate used a ratchet system built into the frame of the bike to allow it to wrap around a pole , enabling the lock to be wrapped through both wheels and the frame .
Revolutionary : Designer Kevin Scott , 21 , rides on what appears to be an ordinary bicycle , before showing the easy mechanism for allowing the frame to bend
Securely locked :
The bendable frame now allows the bike to be wrapped around a lamp post , with a regular bike lock able to secure the frame and both wheels
Securing all the bike 's components within the lock was his aim in creating the new bike .
It also allows the bike to be stored in small spaces .
The frame can be ratcheted tight to allow the bike to be ridden like a normal bike , but it can be quickly loosened to allow the frame to be bent back on itself .
As such , finding a spot to lock it up on London 's busy streets is a cinch - you simply wrap it around the nearest lamppost .
Mr Scott 's creation is currently on show at the New Designers show at the Business Design Centre in Islington , north London .
He is hoping that his unusual cycle will catch the eye of a bike loving backer who will enable him to develop it further .
More than 52 bikes are stolen in London every day , according to official figures .
A total of 23,748 bikes were reported stolen in London in 2009 - 10 — up 27.8 per cent on the previous financial year — but police believe that the true figure could be double that .
Raspberry dragonfly [ madagascar_7202 ]
Image ID : madagascar_7202 | Date photographed : 2005 - Oct - 22
Tags : madagascar , wildlife , animals , invertebrates , arthropods , insects , damselflies and dragonflies , highlights , isalo , canyon des makis ( singes )
Photographer : Rhett A. Butler | Camera : Canon
Country : Madagascar Location : Canyon des makis ( Singes ) Isalo
Advanced search ( by country , tag , country - tag combination , etc )
Find an error , a misidentified image , a distorted picture , or another problem with this page ?
Please let us know .
The rich are different from you and me .
They know how to game the system .
That ’s one interpretation , at least , of last week ’s news that Americans with million - dollar mortgages are defaulting at almost twice the rate of the typical homeowner .
It suggests an infuriating scenario in which the average American slaves away to keep Wells Fargo or Bank of America off his back , while fat cats and high fliers cut their losses and sail off to the next investment opportunity .
That is n’t exactly what ’s happening , most likely .
Just because you have a million - dollar mortgage does n’t make you a millionaire , and a lot of the fat - cat defaulters probably are n’t that fat anymore .
Chances are they ’re more like Teresa and Joe Giudice from “ The Real Housewives of New Jersey , ” tacky reality - TV climbers who recently filed for bankruptcy after their decadent lifestyle turned out to be a debt - enabled fantasy .
Still , watching the Giudices sashay through their onyx - encrusted mansion , and knowing that thousands of similarly profligate homeowners are simply walking away from their debts , it ’s easy to succumb to a little class - warrior fantasizing .
( Pitchforks , tar , feathers ... that sort of thing . )
The trick is to channel those impulses in a constructive direction .
The left - wing instinct , when faced with high - rolling irresponsibility , is usually to call for tax increases on the rich .
But the problem , here and elsewhere , is n’t exactly that we tax high rollers ’ incomes too lightly .
It ’s that we subsidize their irresponsibility too heavily  underwriting their bad bets and bailing out their follies .
The class warfare we need is a conservative class warfare , which would force the million - dollar defaulters to pay their own way from here on out .
A Metro Blue Line train inexplicably ran a stop signal on Wednesday before it struck a Long Beach police car and injured an officer and 10 passengers , according to onboard videotapes reviewed by accident investigators .
Two tapes indicate that the southbound train rolled through the red signal about 1 p.m. and collided with the patrol car in the intersection of Long Beach Boulevard and 16th Street , Long Beach police said Friday .
Officials for the Los Angeles County Metropolitan Transportation Authority , the Blue Line ’s operator , said they could not comment on the videotapes or other specifics of the accident because investigations were pending .
But Marc Littman , an MTA spokesman , said the authority has been improving safety for years on the Blue Line , which held the title as California ’s deadliest rail transit system in 1999 .
Advertisement
“ It ’s rare to see this type of accident today , ” Littman said .
“ There ’s been a marked decrease in train versus vehicle accidents . ”
The videos were taken by outward facing cameras mounted on the southbound train and a northbound Blue Line train that had stopped at the light and was not involved in the accident .
Based on the tapes , detectives said pedestrians and the police car had a green light allowing them to cross Long Beach Boulevard .
The video from the southbound train shows that it had a red light , police added .
The impact pushed the police car down the tracks and pinned the officer inside for about half an hour before firefighters could free him .
Advertisement
The four - year member of the department , whose name was not released , remains hospitalized with non-life - threatening injuries .
Authorities said the injured passengers were treated for minor injuries at local hospitals and released .
Littman said the transit agency is conducting its own investigation that includes checking the signals , interviewing the operator and witnesses and an evaluation of the accident scene to determine if the operator for some reason could not see the red light .
A report about the accident is scheduled to be presented to the MTA ’s operations committee on Thursday .
In 1999 , Blue Line trains , which run 22 miles from Long Beach to downtown Los Angeles , were involved in accidents that killed 10 people and injured 40 others .
Most of the 50 incidents that year involved collisions with motor vehicles at street crossings .
Advertisement
In the last two decades , 26 motorists have died in collisions and 51 pedestrians have been killed by Blue Line trains .
Twenty - two deaths were ruled suicides .
Over the years , MTA has taken steps to improve the line ’s safety , including photo enforcement cameras at street crossings , safer crossing gates at intersections , improved lighting along the line , better signage for motorists and crackdowns by traffic officers .
MTA officials say the improvements have contributed to a sharp decline in the Blue Line ’s accident rate from 4.09 per 100,000 miles of train travel during the first five years of operation to 1.09 in the last five years .
However , pedestrian deaths and suicides have not declined from 2000 to 2009 .
dan.weikel@latimes.com
Microsoft Research and NASA have teamed up once again and brought the " most complete , highest - resolution coverage of Mars available " to WorldWide Telescope .
Microsoft 's app lets you explore space either through a zoom - and - pan interface or guided tours .
This imagery is the handiwork of a group informally called the Mapmakers , led by NASA 's Michael Broxton .
Their job is to take satellite images from Mars and elsewhere in our solar system , and turn them into maps .
Yes , it sounds like every geek 's dream job , and having a name that sounds like something from a William Gibson novel does n't hurt , either .
Director of Microsoft Research ’s Earth Dan Fay has worked with Broxton to turn these images and maps into an immersive new experience for the Worldwide Telescope .
“ NASA had the images and they were open to new ways to share them .
Through the WorldWide Telescope we were able to build a user interface at WWT| Mars that would allow people to take advantage of the great content they had , ” Fay says .
As far as what kind of imagery you can expect here , one example is a new dataset from the University of Arizona ’s High Resolution Imaging Science Experiment ( HiRISE ) , which is a remote - sensing camera on NASA ’s Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter .
These images are taken in an incredibly high resolution — each image is a gigapixel in size — and the team took all 13,000 HiRISE images and stitched them onto one map .
This map , says NASA , is the " highest - resolution map of Mars ’s surface ever constructed . "
WorldWide Telescope is available as a desktop application or a web client ( which requires Microsoft Silverlight ) over at www.worldwidetelescope.org.
The speaker - listener neural coupling within the right hemisphere .
Image credit : Greg J. Stephens / PNAS .
( PhysOrg.com ) --
Researchers studying human conversation have discovered the brains of listeners and speakers become synchronized , and this " neural coupling " makes for effective communication .
In essence , the participants ’ brains connect in a kind of " mind meld . "
Psychologist Uri Hasson from Princeton University wanted to find out which areas of the brain were active during speaking and listening to a conversation to test a hypothesis that there is more overlap between these brain areas than generally assumed .
It has been noted , for example , that people taking part in conversations will often subconsciously imitate each other ’s grammar , rates of speaking and even gestures and posture .
In the first part of the experiment , graduate student Lauren Silbert placed her head in a functional magnetic resonance imaging ( fMRI ) machine for fifteen minutes , while she recounted an unrehearsed story from her high - school years .
The research team recorded the story using a microphone capable of filtering out the noise of the fMRI machine , and then in the second part of the experiment , a volunteer had his or her head scanned by the fMRI machine while listening to the recording .
The team found a great deal of synchronization between the activity in Silbert ’s brain and in those of the 11 volunteers , with the same regions of the brains lighting up at or near the same points in the story .
This finding was surprising , given the long - held belief that speaking and listening use separate areas of the brain .
The areas of the brain affected were linked to language , but their exact functions are as yet unknown .
In most areas of the brain the activation pattern appeared one to three seconds after it had appeared in Silbert ’s brain , but in a few other areas , including an area in the frontal lobe , the activation pattern appeared in the listeners ’ brains before it appeared in Silbert ’s , which the researchers thought could represent the listeners anticipating what was coming next in the story .
The researchers then asked the subjects to re-tell the story they had heard , and found there was a positive correlation between the strength of the neural coupling and the volunteer ’s ability to recall the story details .
Hasson concluded that the “ more similar our brain patterns during a conversation , the better we understand each other . ”
A third stage in the experiment was designed to ensure the neural coupling was not an experimental artifact .
In this stage 11 volunteers - all English speakers - were asked to listen to a story told in Russian , which none of them understood .
In this experiment no neural coupling was seen .
A final stage of the experiment was to have the graduate student tell a different story while having her brain scanned .
The results were then compared to the brain patterns of the listeners of the original story .
As with the Russian story , no coupling was seen .
Hasson said the next step in the research is to design an experimental set up in which two subjects can have their brains scanned by fMRI simultaneously while they are having a conversation .
He predicted that this would produce especially strong synchronization , and also speculated that neural coupling would be stronger in people talking face - to - face than in conversations over the phone or by video conferencing .
The results are published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences journal and the paper is available online .
Explore further Autism 's social struggles due to disrupted communication networks in brain
More information : Speaker - listener neural coupling underlies successful communication , Greg J. Stephens et al. , PNAS , Published online before print , Speaker - listener neural coupling underlies successful communication , Greg J. Stephens et al. , , Published online before print , doi:10.1073/pnas.1008662107
© 2010 PhysOrg.com
Step 2 :
Input Contacts
Input your contacts .
Note :
If your contacts do not have GPS Tracking on their iPhone , they will be sent an invite .
Step 3 :
Select one or more contacts
Tap the circle next to each contact .
Note :
The green light signifies they are ready to LOCi .
Sex parties banned at mansion in central London Published duration 30 July 2010
A man has been banned from holding events including pole - dancing classes and a sex party at his 18th Century mansion in central London .
There were " persistent and flagrant " breaches of planning rules at Edward Davenport 's house on Portland Place , Westminster Council claimed .
It said a " porn disco " , film shoots and a masquerade ball were also held when no commercial activity was allowed .
The High Court has granted an order prohibiting such events .
The council took legal action against Mr Davenport because it felt his neighbours were being disturbed to an " unacceptable degree " .
' Good for circulation '
It won a temporary injunction in January and said the building - a former High Commission of Gambia and Sierra Leone - had been used for commercial purposes for several years .
Tickets costing £ 10 each were advertised online for the " porn disco " while pole - dancing classes were said to be " good for the circulation " , the court heard .
In April the council was told the house had been used for a sex party , with guests charged £ 90 .
Mr Davenport insisted the building had regularly staged social events throughout its existence and said nothing he had organised had breached planning rules .
' Blighted ' area
" It is not feasible to suggest that these activities are profitable or of a commercial nature , " he said .
" These activities cause no noise disturbance or have any impact on the neighbourhood . "
The judge , Mr Justice Eady , said there was nothing wrong with Mr Davenport hiring out parts of the building to fund his annual maintenance costs of £ 250,000 , as long as he applied for planning permission to reflect a change of use .
" The council has a duty to enforce planning control and there seems to be no alternative way of achieving this effectively without the grant of an injunction , " he said .
This highly informative ( and very disturbing ) graphic prepared originally in 2009 by the Guardian , makes it all too clear just why Europe is so concerned about its banking sector , and if it is n't , why it most certainly should be .
While the top 5 banks in the US have roughly $ 7 trillion in assets ( all of which are largely undercapitalized , as the little black circles show a bank 's market cap , thus demonstrating the gaping hole between assets and equity , and yes , these are dated as they indicate the mkt caps as of early 2009 , but that is largely irrelevant for this exercise ) , just the top five banks in France alone have nearly $ 1 trillion more in assets than all of the US banks ( and are even more undercapitalized ) .
Add to this the UK , Germany , Spain , Italy , Belgium , and the Netherlands , all of which are intricately interconnected with one bank 's assets representing another bank 's liabilities , in the world 's biggest circle jerk , and you can see why quite literally the fate of the world depends on Europe containing the fallout from the ongoing financial crisis .
Imagine for a second that these tens , if not hundreds , of trillions in assets in European banking assets are marked to market , even as the liabilities are completely fixed , thus crushing trillions in equity value , and you can see just how precarious the financial stability of the entire world is .
One little falling domino forcing a MTM scramble across the banking sector will end Europe 's financial system .
The only amusing consequence of this doomsday hypothesis is visualizing the powerless and decentralized consortium of the ECB , BOE and SNB attempting to stop an avalanche of a hundred trillion in busted bank assets .
One can see why Jean Claude Trichet is the world 's most nervous human being .
PS - for clarification , the underlying market cap data is dated , but the held assets have not changed much since the chart 's creation .
above chart in pdf format
The Red Eared TurtleCam
There should be a law that all turtles of camera - carrying age must be equipped with a waterproof camera .
Then we can watch the cute things they do all day .
I 'm a genius , right ?
Image caption
The private university will be able to set its own level for tuition fees
The UK 's first new private sector university college for more than 30 years is being announced by the universities minister .
David Willetts will allow London - based BPP , which has 14 regional branches , to become a university college .
The new college , which offers law and business degrees , wants to expand into health and teaching degrees .
Private universities will help to create a " dynamic and flexible " degree system , says Mr Willetts .
But the UCU lecturers ' union warned that an expansion of the private sector would be a " disaster " and that the creation of a new private university was the " beginning of a slippery slope " .
The new private - sector university college has ambitions to set up a range of new courses in the next 12 months .
US parent company
A planned school of healthcare could offer degree courses in areas including dentistry , nursing , radiography , speech therapy , psychology and physiotherapy .
" It is healthy to have a vibrant private sector working alongside our more traditional universities , " said Mr Willetts , who has conferred university college status with immediate effect .
" I am delighted that , less than four months after coming into office , we are creating the first new private university college in more than 30 years . "
Adding to the significance of this move is that the new BPP University College of Professional Studies is part of the group that owns one of the biggest universities in the United States , the University of Phoenix .
The profit - making university sector has grown rapidly in the United States - and this announcement signals the intention to have more such private providers in the UK .
Mr Willetts says that private universities will help to develop innovative ways of delivering courses , such as online degrees .
Pressure on places
Expanding the private sector is seen by the government as a way of tackling the financial pressures and lack of places facing the university system .
Private universities would add extra capacity , when hundreds of thousands of applicants are set to miss out on places this autumn .
The BPP University College will also receive no money from the higher education funding councils .
As a private university it will also be able to set its own level for tuition fees .
We see ourselves as a pioneer in this field , and hope that our unique status and self - funding model will lead the way in which other providers will be able to operate in Carl Lygo , BPP chief executive
The public sector universities have faced a strict limit on expansion , with individual universities facing fines of up to £ 3 m for recruiting too many students last year .
BPP already has degree - awarding powers .
It has 6,500 students taking courses in its law and business schools and a further 30,000 taking accountancy qualifications .
It will be the first private university college to have been created since Buckingham in the 1970s , which was first created a university college and then later became the University of Buckingham .
So far Buckingham has been the only fully - fledged university in the UK operating without direct government funding .
' Pioneers '
" The education landscape is changing , and over the next decade we will see a different picture emerging , where both students and employers will drive demand for their preferred method of study and training , " says BPP chief executive , Carl Lygo .
" We see ourselves as a pioneer in this field , and hope that our unique status and self - funding model will lead the way in which other providers will be able to operate in . "
But Sally Hunt , leader of the UCU lecturers ' union , attacked the creation of the new university college as a threat to standards in higher education .
" Today 's news could mark the beginning of a slippery slope for academic provision in this country , " she said .
" Encouraging the growth of private providers and making it easier for them to call themselves universities would be a disaster for the UK 's academic reputation .
It would also represent a huge threat to academic freedom and standards . "
" Private providers are not accountable to the public and do not deserve to be put in the same league as our universities , " said the leader of the lecturers ' union .
Pam Tatlow , chief executive of the Million + group of new universities , also opposed the expansion of the private sector .
" Today 's announcement suggests the coalition will favour private universities , where the motive is to deliver profits for a holding company and for shareholders , at the expense of publicly funding universities , " she said .
This announcement on setting up the new university college will be seen as another piece in the jigsaw of re-shaping higher education .
A review of funding and fees in higher education is set to report in the autumn .
Speaking ahead of its findings , ministers have spoken of the need for a more varied system , including more private providers , two - year degrees and students living at home .
There are also disputes over whether tuition fees should be increased or a graduate tax should be introduced .
Ministers have recognised that demand for degree courses is set to grow .
But they have warned that the current funding arrangements are unsustainable .
Ready to fight back ?
Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week .
You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation ’s journalism .
You can read our Privacy Policy here .
Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week .
Thank you for signing up .
For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $ 2 a month !
Support Progressive Journalism
The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter .
The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter .
Fight Back !
Sign up for Take Action Now and we ’ll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week .
You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation ’s journalism .
You can read our Privacy Policy here .
Sign up for Take Action Now and we ’ll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week .
Thank you for signing up .
For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation
Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits .
Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits .
Sign up for our Wine Club today .
Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine ?
To bolster our flailing economy and ease the huge unemployment rate , President Obama talks about " coming together across party lines " and investing in small business .
But Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders tells Laura Flanders that it ’s not that simple — and even when it comes to supporting small businesses , cross-party progress can be difficult to achieve .
Ad Policy
" The role of the Republican party in the Senate has been obstructionist and filibustering from the beginning , " Sanders tells Laura Flanders on GritTV , citing the tax breaks that the right has endorsed for the richest in America .
Sanders , who published a piece called " No To Oligarchy " in the Nation last week , suggests something called the Responsible Estate Tax Act , legislation that would ensure that the majority of families — save the top .03 wealthiest percentile in America — would n’t have to pay a dime upon losing a loved one .
" What we are fighting for now , " Sanders says , " is to stop the decline of the middle class , the increase in poverty and the incredible gap between the very , very rich and everybody else . "
— Carrie Battan
By Nicola Cowell
A DRUG containing cannabis to treat MS sufferers has been made legal in Spain .
The tongue spray , Sativex , is proven to reduce muscle spasms in people who suffer from Multiple Sclerosis and whose condition does not respond to other pain killers .
British company GW Pharmaceuticals got the green light to distribute the drug in the UK last month , and have now been approved here with the help of Spanish partners Almirall .
Marketers now hope to get backing from other EU countries like France , Germany and Italy .
The Spanish Ministry of Health will now seek pricing approval for the drug , which is expected to be awarded towards the end of the year .
Health minister Trinidad Jimenez said the drug will be carefully prescribed and the health authority has ruled out the possibility of cannabis being used to treat other diseases like cancer .
The basic recording contract upon which most of the popular music business has been based for the past 50 years is fundamentally broken .
This is not the sentiment of one of the countless critics who throw stones at the music industry from afar , usually for vague philosophical reasons , but rather the pragmatic opinion of a true insider : Tom Silverman , founder of Tommy Boy Records , which sold millions of records by hip - hop artists including Club Nouveau , Coolio , De La Soul , Digital Underground , Everlast , House of Pain and Naughty By Nature .
In a song called " Labels , " The Wu - Tang Clan 's GZA rapped in 1995 about Silverman , " Tommy ai n't my mothafuckin ' boy , " as part of a general criticism of the same label system that Silverman advocates ending in the below interview with Wired.com .
To be fair , GZA calls out a number of other hip - hop labels in that song , and Tommy Boy 's practices followed the industry standards of issuing an advance , and generally never allowing an artist to recoup it in order to make money from the sale of their records .
The money would always seem to get lost , somehow , before making it to the artist .
But Silverman has a new idea for how to save the biz and treat artists more fairly , by creating a corporations in joint partnership between artists and music companies that give each a 50 percent stake in the artist 's businesses .
The problem , as he sees it , is that if nobody invests in music , we 're all the poorer for it .
He has a point .
We all like ( our own definition of ) good music , but it 's no easy feat for musicians to hone their craft or put time into songwriting while also working full - time jobs – not to mention the impossibility of touring in that scenario .
( Just yesterday , as one of countless examples , Ted Leo of Ted Leo and the Pharmacists announced that despite the relative popularity of his group , it simply cannot afford to continue . )
Silverman hopes to spread the word about this new music business model at the next New Music Seminar , which originally ran during the industry heyday of 1980 to 1995 , and which Silverman , one of its original organizers , rehabilitated last year with Dave Lory of Worldwide Entertainment Group .
In this exclusive interview , Silverman takes a contrarian view to the Long Tail theory as it applies to music , wonders why music sales are up in the land of Spotify and The Pirate Bay , and divulges a possible shady major label practice of buying iTunes singles with label money in order to hype music up the charts , among other things .
The crux of the interview is the idea that artists and music businesses should form joint partnerships that put them on the same side of the table , ending the adversarial nature of traditional recording contracts , and split everything 50 - 50 ( including revenues not normally managed by labels ) , with artists , at long last , having easy access to the accounting side of the business .
This interview has been edited for length and clarity .
Eliot Van Buskirk , Wired.com : Before we get to what you describe as the failure of the " long tail " to support the traditional music business , and the reasons why 60 percent of music business jobs have already been lost , according to your publicist , what 's the latest ?
Tommy Silverman , founder of Tommy Boy Records and board member of A2IM , Merlin , RIAA and SoundExchange :
This morning I did a Skype call with a music conference in Sweden , and Sweden was the only country where music was up last year , even physical discs – and it's the home of Spotify and of The Pirate Bay .
Either the IFPI counted wrong , which is very possible , or there 's something serious going on that should be investigated , because it 's the only place in the world where physical sales were up last year .
__Silverman : __If it were the music , you 'd know that there were three groups that were all the equivalent of Abba that came out last year , but there were not .
In America , Michael Jackson died , we re-released all of the Beatles stuff , and we had Susan Boyle , the Black Eyed Peas and Lady Gaga – and we were still down 12.7 percent and 16 - something percent physical .
Where are the Swedish numbers coming from ?
Nobody in the audience could come up with an explanation for why things are up , so we 're looking for some clues .
Sales were also flat or up in the UK and a few other markets .
Wired.com : Well , Spotify 's also available in the UK .
Silverman : Yeah , and if Spotify has enough penetration to make a difference one way or the other , it certainly does n't show anywhere that it is available that it 's knocking off the business in a big way , in terms of cannibalization .
We at Merlin have a deal with them now , where we did n't before , and the numbers that they 're paying the independent sector for the plays they 're getting are much more substantial than we expected .
But the premise of technology being the great democratizer and allowing more artists to break through than before – actually , we 've seen the opposite effect .
Fewer artists are breaking than ever before , and fewer artists who are doing it themselves are breaking through than ever before .
Back in the early ' 80s , when the cellphone was first invented , there were more artists breaking on their own , with no technology , than they are now , with technology .
Why is that the case ?
And what can change to open the gates again , to allow artists to break through , whether on their own or with help ?
There were only 225 rookie artists in 2008 , and less last year , that broke 10,000 albums for the first time – not that that 's the only arbiter of success , but it 's one of them .
That year , there were only 10 new artists that broke through by doing it themselves .
If you can't sell 10,000 albums in digital and physical combined , you 're still relatively obscure .
And social networks have been a really big disappointment in terms of moving the needle in either exposure or sales in any meaningful way .
There are a lot of myths in technology that everybody wants to believe , because everybody wants things to get better .
Wired.com :
Well , part of the " long tail " theory is about more bands selling smaller numbers .
What if you go under that 10,000 number ?
Silverman :
All those together do n't make up for the drop .
For example , in 2008 there were 17,000 releases that sold one copy .
Last year , there were 18,000 , and something like 79,000 releases that sold under 100 copies .
Under 100 copies is not a real release – it's noise , an aberration .
In any kind of scientific study , it would be filtered out .
It 's like a rounding error .
That 79,000 number represents almost 80 percent of all the records released that year .
80 percent of all records released are just noise – hobbyists .
Some companies like TuneCore are betting on the long tail because they get the same $ 10 whether you sell one copy or 10,000 .
Who uses Photobucket and Flickr ?
Not professional photographers – those are hobbyists , and those are the people who are using TuneCore and iTunes to clutter the music environment with crap , so that the artists who really are pretty good have more trouble breaking through than they ever did before .
Wired.com : And Apple loves it , because now they get to say they have 11 million songs while the other stores have six or seven , so they have no incentive to stop that .
Silverman :
In January , right before the LA New Music Seminar , I talked to Chris Muratore from Nielsen / SoundScan , and I asked how many releases there were in 2009 .
He said labels and distributors had projected about 132,000 .
Later , SoundScan said 97,000 had actually sold .
So it 's possible that around 35,000 releases did n't even sell one copy last year .
That means not even the artist or their mother bought a copy , and all those artists are out there gigging , they 're all on social networks , they 're all doing stuff to clutter the marketplace .
The artists that have broken through , look who they are : Corey Smith , a singer songwriter [ more on him below ] , Bon Iver , with 200,000 in sales , and guys like Tech N9ne , a rapper from the Insane Clown Posse school – these are people who would be doing this if there were no internet at all .
They 're not tweeting , they do n't give a shit about any of that stuff .
They 're out gigging , that 's what they do .
The word is spread through the shows – they 're not marketing through the internet .
The internet is a medium like air , which carries sound , and you just need to make the right kind of noise for it to get through .
The internet is a medium , like air ; you just need to make the right kind of noise .
Wired.com : I 'm working on another story about marketers who try use social networks to pay people to spread stuff to their friends , and that seems to be very similar to musicians and labels trying to push stuff on Twitter .
You can not create an organic thing online .
That 's a great analogy , that the internet is like air .
You can't put a big fan in it and expect people to pay attention to the music as a result .
Silverman : I guess you could put toxic gases in it and maybe that would change the environment .
I guess what they do in China is they find a way to filter it , to prevent certain kinds of sounds from going through .
That 's a way that they could change it .
Deep packet inspection could possibly change the fluidity or the transmission properties of the medium .
But look at Susan Boyle .
She had no other medium and sold more albums than anybody in America , and all it was was an audition tape that came across from a British TV show .
100 million views on YouTube sold three million records .
She does n't do anything on the web , and her company did n't do anything on the web , but her message was transmitted through it .
Wired.com :
Well , they 're doing it now .
I met with the Fremantle guys [ FremantleMedia produces Britain 's Got Talent ] a couple of months ago , and I had made fun of them for not making a single cent off of those 100 million views .
They said , " Oh , we do that now . "
But the horse is out of the barn ; they 're not going to get another 100 million - view video on YouTube .
Silverman :
They 're not going to get one , but somebody 's going to get one .
But it wo n't happen because a company is inventing things or working it , or trying to affect the outcome , like labels trying to hype the charts in the old days – which they 're still doing now , by the way .
People are telling me that the majors have teams of people who actually buy singles on iTunes to try to drive it up the charts – buying their own songs .
It blew my mind .
I mean , we 're not learning anything .
Wired.com :
That is incredible .
I wish I could figure out how to prove that – they 're not going to tell me .
I guess they would only lose 35 percent of that money .
Silverman : 30 percent .
So if they buy 50,000 songs , we 're talking $ 50,000 less 70 percent , so it would cost about $ 15,000 .
For $ 15,000 in a week , they can buy 50,000 more song downloads , which could drive the record up three or four positions on the chart .
And they hype of it all would make people believe it , and then the next week it would be real , which is what always used to happen .
I was hoping that your Chris Anderson 's manifesto was going to show us that we could get music that rose to its natural best level on its own , without being hyped , but with the majors fighting for relevance and trying to figure out ways they can control it by gaming it , instead of just focusing on getting the best stuff and giving artists what they need to make their art better .
Wired.com :
So is that what you view as the solution to this ?
Just emphasizing quality and not really trying to do marketing anymore ?
Silverman : No , I think you have to be out there .
You have to spread the word to get exposure , but I think the problem is context .
When you 're in a glutted environment , you need to differentiate yourself more than ever , so you need a great story .
Story is context ; it 's not content .
The songs on Susan Boyle 's record are forgettable , and her performance is just okay .
There are a million singers who can sing that well at least .
It 's just the story that sold it .
If people could learn from her , regardless of what kind of music they did – " How can I make my story so that when people hear it , they have to spread the word ? "
That would activate the medium more effectively than trying to get another 50,000 followers on Twitter , which does n't seem to do much at all .
Meanwhile , we 're not thinking about music .
The whole industry is thinking , " How do I keep up with technology ? " when in the old days , we used to focus on " What 's the coolest sounding music ? " and invest in that – something cool breaking out of somewhere nobody ever looked before .
We 'd look under a rock , and say " Wow , this group is pretty cool , let 's try it . "
We 'd be wrong nine times out of ten , but one time out of 100 , we could be , like , really right , and come up with something like The Ramones , who would end up becoming important or relevant , if not profitable .
Wired.com :
So you 're saying the problem today really is that they 're not going to find the one out of 100 that 's going to solve the problem for everything else .
Semi-Precious Weapons play the opening night party at the February 2010 NMS in Los Angeles ( Photo : Julianna Young for NMS ) .
Silverman :
The venture capitalist rule of thumb is to have one out of every ten investments pay off at a 10 - to - 1 level , three or four to break even , and one or two to make some money .
They expect to lose on five or six , because that model pays off at a very high level .
Every label is a venture capitalist , but now , one super - hit – like a Lady Gaga – does n't even pay for two stiffs , after they cover overhead , marketing and everything else .
The industry is risk - averse now , and rightfully so .
One of the issues we 're tackling at the New Music Seminar is how we can change the risk / reward ratio , so that investors can get back into music again , and I do n't mean only labels .
It could be Terry McBride 's [ Nettwerk ] group – he's got $ 20 million in funding – or managers , or any of the other music business people , like Tiny Ogre [ a spin - off of Wind - Up Records that already offers deals modeled on the concept below ] .
You 're going to see a lot of new models , but we have to turn around the business proposition for investors in music , because [ otherwise ] it becomes a self - fulfilling downward spiral .
The less people spend , the less they sell , the less they sell , the less they invest , the less they invest , the less they sell , and it just keeps going down .
That 's the way we are in America – maybe they 're not that way in Sweden or England yet , maybe they 're still acting the way they did in 2000 .
In America , there 's so much fear that people are n't taking risks , but it 's the risky stuff that breaks through .
Hip - hop would n't have broken as a genre in this current environment .
Who 's going to be upping the ante in this business ?
There has to be a new model , so that 's one of the things we 're going to focus on at the New Music Seminar :
What 's the new model , and what 's the legal agreement between artist and investor that 's going to pay for that model ?
Wired.com :
What are your ideas on how to enable risk taking in the music business again ?
Silverman :
There are two ways to do it , and you have to do both .
You have to reduce the risk and increase the reward .
The model that looks most promising is to set up an LLC , just like a movie company – they set up an LLC for each movie .
Every artist is a business , and has its own corporation under this model , and all of that artist 's creative equity goes into that – not just music , but everything they do .
Whether it 's live , or merch , or whatever , their brand goes in there .
And the investors who are investing and trying to promote on the other side – they own half .
So it 's more like a business .
An equity partnership .
The good thing about it is , the artist and label - slash - investor are on the same side of the table .
As long as they want to maximize profitability , nobody makes money unless everybody makes money .
In that respect , you can't fuck an artist , because you fuck yourself .
____ Wired.com____ :
Well , that 's a very different music industry .
Silverman :
One of the biggest problems with the old model , which has been going for 50 years , is thinking , " We 're the labels , they 're the artists , and we make money even if they do n't make money .
We reduce our risk , they put their blood , sweat and tears into it , and we only give them money when we sign them and when they deliver a new album . "
In between , the only place where they get money is from their booking agent , because they 're touring .
They all love their booking agent , because their booking agent gives them a check every month , or every week , and we only give them a check every year and a half when they deliver a new record – and most of that money goes to their lawyer , manager , the taxman , and making the record .
Not much of it ever goes in their pocket , and that 's been true for 20 years .
Unless they have a five million seller , most of that money goes into that project .
Of course they do n't like the labels , because they 're not getting that reinforcement of regular cash flow .
They see the labels making money , and them not making money on records .
It 's a silo mentality .
If you have your portfolio managed by four different companies – one for your stocks , a different one for your bonds , another one for your real estate investments – there would be no kind of concept about " let 's take money out of bonds right now because of what 's going on and put it into stocks because things are getting ready to explode over there , " or " let 's start to sell real estate because the banks are about to fail " or whatever , and moving things around to maximize profitability .
Instead , you 've got the publisher deal , the label deal , the manager , and maybe there 's a merch deal .
They 're not thinking like one entity – they can't manage the creative portfolio and output to maximize returns .
It makes much more sense , if you have a good team , to have it all under one roof .
You may decide you want to purposefully lose money on the album so that you can make money in some other area .
Wired.com :
How does this differ from the 360 - degree deal that we 've seen , or what EMI is doing by becoming a comprehensive rights organization , where they do the publishing , the merch , the record , and everything ?
Silverman :
The 360 deal is a traditional adversarial record deal of the old fashion .
You get 12 points , or 14 points , and we recoup everything .
" Here 's your check at the beginning – you 're not going to get paid again . "
Everything I said that was wrong with the business is still included with the 360 deal .
Plus , they take a grab of 20 to 30 percent of touring and merch .
Wired.com :
Which they did n't have before .
Silverman :
They 're trying to increase their return to justify the amount of risk they have to take because of the fall - off in record sales .
It 's not a joint venture , it 's not true sharing – it 's " us versus them . "
It 's not transparent , it 's not equal , they 're not creating an entity together – it's not the same .
I would describe ours as a holistic deal , whereas they want to grab rights at 360 degrees .
I do n't think there 's anything wrong with that , but it does n't answer the adversarial issue .
Labels look at it only from their perspective , and they have to think of it from the artist perspective too .
With this new deal , we can start flowing cash to the artist , once they 're profitable , on a monthly basis or semi-annually , when we account .
All of the money goes into a pot , and we at the label make money at the same time that the artist makes money .
Everybody making money together is so fair , that as long as everything 's transparent , nobody should really complain about it .
However , a really successful artist might make less money with this deal , because in the old days , in separating these things and decoupling them all , those artists could actually find a way to make money .
Wired.com :
Who would it be making this happen ?
Are these people going to be at your seminar ?
Are you expecting companies to change or be formed as a result ?
Silverman : Yeah , they 're going to be there – the lawyers and companies are going to be in these closed - door summit meetings talking about all these various issues .
Those are going to be by invitation only , because there will be lots of artists trying to figure their way through , and new managers .
We have five movements focused on what they 're doing – teaching them about fan relationship management , how all fans are not created equal , the fan - relationship pyramid and how to move artists up that pyramid to greater levels of activity .
[ Another focus is on ] redefining success .
It does n't matter if you do n't have a top ten record anymore – it just matters that you make enough money .
There 's this artist Corey Smith , whose manager was on one of the movements at the New Music Seminar in LA in February .
[ Smith ] was a school teacher .
This guy who manages him got him up to a million dollars a few years ago in business , and he gave away all the music .
He gave away the digital music everywhere he could in order to build the touring revenue .
The manager was able to get the guy up to $ 4 million per year in billing , across all the areas .
The guy does n't tweet [ actually he does , but only to 2,442 followers ] .
He goes fishing with his kids on the weekends , because that 's the life he wants to live .
He 's doing exactly what he wants , he 's making 100 times what he could make as a school teacher , by playing his songs around the country .
Although he may still only sell a couple hundred tickets in New York , he sells 2500 in the Carolinas at art centers and things .
It does n't matter how you do it – the point is , if you 're doing what you love , and you 're your own boss running your own company , playing your music for a living and making more than you 'd probably be making in a job , what could be better than that ?
That 's the definition of success .
See Also :
UPDATE : The Seattle cartoonist characterized as leading a movement against Comedy Central censorship says she did n’t mean for her cartoon to go viral or “ be the focus of any group . ”
In a statement , she said , “ I make cartoons about current , cultural events .
I made a cartoon of a ‘ poster ’ entitled “ Everybody Draw Mohammed Day ! ” with a nonexistent group ’s name — Citizens Against Citizens Against Humor — drawn on the cartoon also .
I did not intend for my cartoon to go viral .
I did not intend to be the focus of any ‘ group ’ .
I practice the first amendment by drawing what I wish .
This particular cartoon of a ‘ poster ’ seems to have struck a gigantic nerve , something I was totally unprepared for .
I am going back to the drawing table now ! ”
ADVERTISEMENT
As a snarky response to Muslim bloggers who “ warned ” Comedy Central about an episode of South Park showing the Prophet Mohammed wearing a bear suit , one Seattle cartoonist , who calls laughter her form of “ prayer , ” is asking artists all over the world to create depictions of Mohammed on May 20 .
A Facebook page has been set up to cache the images for all to see .
Speaking on a Seattle radio show on Friday , cartoonist Molly Norris said she announced her idea as a way of countering the fear exhibited by Comedy Central in censoring episode 201 of South Park .
At the South Park Studios website , a message was posted that notes , “ After we delivered the show , and prior to broadcast , Comedy Central placed numerous additional audio bleeps throughout the episode .
We do not have network approval to stream our original version of the show . ”
The New York - based Revolution Muslim group ’s Web site was largely unavailable Wednesday but a CNN report said the statement was posted alongside a graphic photo of slain Dutch filmmaker Theo van Gogh , who was murdered by a Muslim extremist in Amsterdam in 2004 .
“ In the 14 years we ’ve been doing South Park we have never done a show that we could n’t stand behind , ” outh Park creators Trey Parker and Matt Stone wrote on their Web site .
“ We delivered our version of the show to Comedy Central and they made a determination to alter the episode .
It was n’t some meta - joke on our part .
Comedy Central added the bleeps .
In fact , Kyle ’s customary final speech was about intimidation and fear .
It did n’t mention Muhammad at all but it got bleeped too .
We ’ll be back next week with a whole new show about something completely different and we ’ll see what happens to it . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ We have to warn [ South Park creators ]
Matt and Trey that what they are doing is stupid and they will probably wind up like Theo van Gogh for airing this show , ” the group said .
“ This is not a threat , but a warning of the reality that will likely happen to them . ”
A spokesman for the group denied the statement was an incitement to violence .
The New York Police Department has since stepped up security at Comedy Central headquarters .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ I wanna water down the targets , ” Norris said .
“ I have n’t really organized it yet .
I posted it on Facebook and I have gotten a couple drawings of Mohammed .
I guess I gotta follow through and put them on a deck of cards or something . ”
“ As a cartoonist , I felt so much passion about what ’s happened and I wanted to kind of counter Comedy Central ’s message that they sent about being afraid , ” Norris continued .
“ That ’s a cartoonist ’s job , is to be non -PC . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
In a statement to RAW STORY , Norris said she did not personally start either of large and growing Facebook groups on either side of the debate , but she did post her art to her personal page .
“ I made a fictional poster and the information on it is also fictional , ” she said .
“ There is no Citizens Against Citizens Against Humor , etc .
Although , I love the idea . ”
On her blog , Midnight Corndog , she further explains her motivations :
ADVERTISEMENT
I really hope this sort of creative expression brings ALL people of our country together in dialogue .
I am personally afraid of Muslims because the peaceful folks of that religion do not often come forward to differentiate themselves from any radical elements !
I mean , if I do not hear from moderate Muslims then how am I supposed to KNOW that they , too , are not harboring ill intent toward non-Muslims ?!
Please if you are a non-radical Muslim tell people about yourselves .
Write to newspapers .
Have community round tables .
When Americans donÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢t know what you really think or feel , we might stay mired in stereotypes .
Offer us knowledge !
The post URL ends with , “ please - send - drawings - of - any - religious - figure - by - may - 20 , ” though her other mentions of the idea solely focus on the Prophet Mohammed .
In a July , 2009 special to The Seattle Times , writer Rachel Shimp described Norris ’s work as carrying “ [ a ] distinctly ‘ Seattle ’ identity - complex , ” that “ imagines what ’s really going on behind the computer screens in coffee shops , or in the crowds at art galleries . ”
“ Norris seems fascinated , as any restaurant server or cabdriver might , by the subtexts beneath cordiality , ” she wrote .
“ Consumerism is another favorite topic . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ I make people laugh and I think laughter is prayer , ” she told the Seattle city council ’s news service .
Norris ’s regular strip , Ã¢â‚ ¬Å“ Everyone is a Critic , Ã¢â‚ ¬Â is published by City Arts magazine .
Her cartoon announcing “ Everybody Draw Mohammed Day ” is below .
More of Norris ’s work can be viewed on her Web sites , here and here .
This story was updated from a prior version to clarify that Ms. Norris was not directly responsible for creating any Facebook groups related to the May 20 “ Everybody Draw Mohammed Day ” .
08:56 pm
From : ( Anonymous ) Date : July 28th , 2010 02:24 am ( UTC ) ( Link ) Wow - just wow .
Reply ) ( Thread From : docjen Date : July 28th , 2010 02:27 am ( UTC ) ( Link )
These two shots are incredible .
Will have to check out the rest of his work .
Thanks ( as always ) for posting !
Reply ) ( Thread From : another_ego Date : July 28th , 2010 08:39 am ( UTC ) ( Link ) very nice Reply ) ( Thread From : dirtwitch Date : July 28th , 2010 02:13 pm ( UTC ) ( Link ) Bean , this photo lost me a couple hours !
I had to go and look up the photographer , and spend time oogling his wonderful , sexy , lovely , amazing photos ... thanks !
Reply ) ( Thread From : riotclitshave Date : July 28th , 2010 06:47 pm ( UTC ) ( Link ) Ha !
Awesome .
And who of us does n't like the hot ladies . ;)
Reply ) ( Parent ) ( Thread From : cybrwalker Date : July 28th , 2010 04:25 pm ( UTC ) ( Link ) send me an angel ...
Reply ) ( Thread
Diggity Profile Blog Joined September 2007 United States 788 Posts Last Edited : 2010-09-14 06:48:24 #
1
The Green Forest Lan
Lan and Hotel Organization Thread
NEW STREAM
http://justin.tv/iccup
Electronic Sports United ( ESU ) has decided to make Socal Lan 5 the center of their StarCraft II LanTournament debut !
ESU , in association with © Intel , has contributed over $ 1000 in prizes to Socal Lan 5 !
Support the community by signing up on their website !
Check back for community raffles and giveaways !
The esports united website here :
( prize pool sneak peak , we are n't getting all of it but we are getting a decent portion )
Date : August 14th - 15th 2010
Location : 5936 Telegraph Rd , Ventura CA 93003
Finals : August 15th 7 pm 2010
This is going to be as close as it gets to Korea folks !
First of all Green Forest has been generous enough to build actual PROGAMER BOOTHS !
Additionally
The finals will be on stage and live commentated by Diggity and Day9 !
What is on the line ?
1st : $ 1000 + Intel Core i7 - 870 Processor +
Intel BOXDP55KG
Motherboard
2nd : $ 300 + Intel Core i5 - 750 Processor +
Intel BOXDP55SB
Motherboard
3rd : $ 200 + Intel Core i3 - 540 Processor +
Intel BOXDH57JG Motherboard
THERES MORE !
ESU
Will be sponsoring a lucky draw raffle for all the spectators in the house !
Check back for more information in the upcoming weeks for a sneak peak at the prize(s ) and how to qualify to win !
<-----
With food , a live stage , live commentary and a high level of competition this is going to be INSANE .
The festivities will start at 10 am PST August 14th .
Lan entry for the finalists : 25 $ ( Includes food , drinks , two day computer usage and FREE T - shirts with registered gamers ’ names on the back . )
For the spectators : Viewing is free but please help the community out by chipping in 15 $ which will get you : food , drinks , and FREE T - shirts with registered gamers ’ names on the back
Paypal link here : Greenforest0001@hotmail.com
We are aiming for 100 live spectators for the booths
Spectators please RSVP so we know how much food we need to purchase .
There is apparently a ton of stage room but food is limited
Final 32 :
Round of 32 is MSL style double elimination .
The top seed picks their first opponent ( pm me )
Round of 16 will be best of 3 .
Everything past that is best of 5
Map List Round of 32 :
Match 1 : Metalopolis .
Losers / winners match : Steppes of Wa
Map pool : Metalopolis , Steppes of War , Lost Temple , Delta Quadrant , Junk Yard
Round of 16 Starting map : Delta Quadrant .
Best of 3 losers choice ( no map repeat )
Round of 8 Starting map : Steppes of War .
Best of 5 losers choice ( no map repeat )
Round of 3 Starting map : Metalopolis .
Best of 5 losers choice ( no map repeat )
Final : Starting map : Lost temple : Best of 5 ( no map repeat )
Group A
game 1 : Machine v BenitoJuarez
game 2 : Andrew v RadNewt
Group B
game 1 : Inka v MadisonST
game 2 : ReachtheSky v Merrell
Group C
game 1 : Lzgamer v Attris
game 2 : MoreFaSho v Doriboi
Group D
game 1 : Bubba v Incontrol
game 2 : BoboTheLuvRacoon v everytime
Group E
game 1 : QXC v apark
game 2 : PsyonicReaver v AndrewGreve
Group F
game 1 : Zelniq v Trident
game 2 : RayDog v SPOR
Group G
game 1 : tafmstiboy v NewPort
game 2 : PainUser v Joblesso
Group H
game 1 : ekke v Rayeth
game 2 : Duffman v KawaiiRice
Spectators :
1 ) Diggity
2 ) Day9
3 ) Xeris
4 ) Primadog ( Giving rides from riverside )
5 ) Vancebla
6 ) cyberdarkblade
7 ) CoffeeToss
8 ) OhNoes ( offering lodging ! ) awesome dude as always
9 ) Rayyn
10 ) Weedk
11 ) Jonathan Rosales climax
12 ) SMI .
Newb
13 ) krowe
The Green Forest LanElectronic Sports United ( ESU ) has decided to make Socal Lan 5 the center of their StarCraft II LanTournament debut !
ESU , in association with © Intel , has contributed over $ 1000 in prizes to Socal Lan 5 !
Support the community by signing up on their website !
Check back for community raffles and giveaways !
The esports united website here : http://www.esunited.net/
( prize pool sneak peak , we are n't getting all of it but we are getting a decent portion ) This is going to be as close as it gets to Korea folks !
First of all Green Forest has been generous enough to buildAdditionally
The finals will be on stage and live commentated by Diggity and Day9 !
Diggity Socal Lan Stream r Final match : Lost TempleMap pool : Metalopolis , Steppes of War , Lost Temple , Delta Quadrant , Junk YardRound of 16 Starting map : Delta Quadrant .
Best of 3 losers choice ( no map repeat ) Round of 8 Starting map : Steppes of War .
Best of 5 losers choice ( no map repeat ) Round of 3 Starting map : Metalopolis .
Best of 5 losers choice ( no map repeat ) Final : Starting map : Lost temple : Best of 5 ( no map repeat ) game 1 : Machine v BenitoJuarezgame 2 : Andrew v RadNewtgame 1 : Inka v MadisonSTgame 2 : ReachtheSky v Merrellgame 1 : Lzgamer v Attrisgame 2 : MoreFaSho v Doriboigame 1 : Bubba v Incontrolgame 2 : BoboTheLuvRacoon v everytimegame 1 : QXC v aparkgame 2 : PsyonicReaver v AndrewGrevegame 1 : Zelniq v Tridentgame 2 : RayDog v SPORgame 1 : tafmstiboy v NewPortgame 2 : PainUser v Joblessogame 1 : ekke v Rayethgame 2 : Duffman v KawaiiRiceSpectators :1) Diggity2 ) Day93 ) Xeris4 ) Primadog ( Giving rides from riverside ) 5 ) Vancebla6 ) cyberdarkblade7 ) CoffeeToss8 ) OhNoes ( offering lodging ! ) awesome dude as always9 ) Rayyn10 ) Weedk11 ) Jonathan Rosales climax12 ) SMI. Newb13 ) krowe 14 ) dimfish
15 ) Endgame
16 ) Rayeth
17 ) oscar62
18 ) Dopey
19 ) Magik
29 ) Ares [ Jr ]
30 ) NiGhT_mArE
31 ) RomanLionz
32 ) Meechee Bernstein
33 ) Illusion
15 ) Endgame16 ) Rayeth17 ) oscar6218 ) Dopey19 ) Magik29 ) Ares [ Jr]30 ) NiGhT_mArE31 ) RomanLionz32 ) Meechee Bernstein33 ) Illusion 34 ) Perdition
35 ) category
36 ) McStupid
37 ) rebuilt
38 ) Gavin Niebel
39 ) Pgshock
40 ) jonbobcar
35 ) category36 ) McStupid37 ) rebuilt38 ) Gavin Niebel39 ) Pgshock40 ) jonbobcar 41 ) zippo
42 ) DrTaylay
43 ) slam
42 ) DrTaylay43 ) slam 44 ) Reilly Campbell - ReillyC
45 ) Matthew Mangini - TriM
46 ) Rowena Bautista - xoxostrawberry
47 ) UltraDavid ( and friends )
48 ) Soniti ( and friends )
47 ) UltraDavid ( and friends ) 48 ) Soniti ( and friends ) 49 ) ign.Te
50 ) Giant_Panda
51 ) CoffeeToss
52 ) Merlin
53 ) ashwolf
54 ) Darkkazul
55 ) itsmesteve72
56 ) brain_
57 ) Mist7
50 ) Giant_Panda51 ) CoffeeToss52 ) Merlin53 ) ashwolf54 ) Darkkazul55 ) itsmesteve7256 ) brain_57 ) Mist7 58 ) Tytanium
59 ) Plyte
60 ) Phaseout ( plus a few )
61 ) Live4theLord
62 ) Coopfreak
63 ) The Princess
64 ) forgive ( possible + 2 )
59 ) Plyte60 ) Phaseout ( plus a few ) 61 ) Live4theLord62 ) Coopfreak63 ) The Princess64 ) forgive ( possible + 2 ) 65 ) Pixalized
66 ) Aberu
67 ) maragin
68 ) kibeth
69 ) Prod
66 ) Aberu67 ) maragin68 ) kibeth69 ) Prod 70 ) Silent12ill
71 ) wolfe
72 ) DarkJackalX
73 ) nyoken
74 ) Kharyss
75 ) Russet +2/3
76 ) treadd
77 ) Krayzie
78 ) Ekke 3/
4
79 ) Frankthetankk
71 ) wolfe72 ) DarkJackalX73 ) nyoken74 ) Kharyss75 ) Russet +2/376 ) treadd77 ) Krayzie78 ) Ekke 3/479 ) Frankthetankk 80 ) BallMan
81 ) Sibwolf
82 ) YellowTwo
83 ) Jammage
84 ) RaptorJesus +2 ( sunday )
85 ) hejakev
86 ) Loser777
87 ) shabbaranks
88 ) Tolio
81 ) Sibwolf82 ) YellowTwo83 ) Jammage84 ) RaptorJesus +2 ( sunday ) 85 ) hejakev86 ) Loser77787 ) shabbaranks88 ) Tolio 89 ) Primadog
90 ) Lelden
91 ) Arien
92 ) VerconX
93 ) Aeyine
94 ) Sycro
95 ) kirtar227
92 ) VerconX93 ) Aeyine94 ) Sycro95 ) kirtar227 96 ) Andrew Erie - ZeroOne
97 ) Allspark
98 ) bseymour42 [ /u ] 97 ) Allspark98 ) bseymour 42 [ /u ]
The current plan is to carry out the operation in two parts , first the main body of the riser and contained DP will be cut using a large shearing machine , and then a precision cut will be made with a diamond wire cutter to prepare the surface to act as a support and seal for the LMRP .
( Illustrations are below the fold ) .
There are a couple of reasons why this is going to be done this way , and one or two concerns that will need to be watched as the operation continues .
( UPDATES
At 8:45 am I see that the riser in in the shearing machine , at 9:30 am it appears that they are using a diamond circular saw to cut the choke and kill lines - h/t gel .
By 11 am they had the wire saw at the riser , and had started to shear the riser beyond the bend .
At 12:50 pm after what may be two attempts to shear through the riser and associated piping the shearing machine has been removed from the riser , and appears to have been taken back to the surface ) .
Please transfer discussion to http://www.theoildrum.com/node/6562 .
The decision to cut the riser and drill pipe ( DP ) from the top of the Blow - Out Preventer ( BOP ) as a first step in putting the Lower Marine Riser Package ( LMRP ) over the leaking oil well in the Gulf of Mexico is not quite as easy as it might sound to a layman .
This post is going to talk a little about a couple of the problems , as well as an alternate way of doing it , and should end with a possibly slightly amusing anecdote .
Part of the problem lies in the considerable stress that the metal is under , which may make it more difficult to get the precise cut that is needed for the sealing surface .
The weight of the collapsed riser on the kinked section of the riser means that the metal is under a considerable stress , and as the cut is being made that stress is going to be released .
This is a particular problem if the saw blade is in the cut as that stress releases .
As an illustration , large diamond wheels are used in granite quarrying as a way of making the first cut in a new layer of rock .
As the quarry works down into the deposit , however , the stress in the rock increases .
So that when the diamond saw cuts into the layer , the walls will move in slightly .
Now if the diamond saw is rotating until it is removed , it will grind away that small movement and there is no problem .
But if the saw is removed , and the cut restarted the next day , then it might be necessary to recut the same depth again , because the walls have moved in that far .
The much worse thing to do is to leave the diamond saw in the cut overnight – the walls will move in and pinch the blade and you ca n’t get it back out without destroying it .
Did I mention these blades can cost up to $ 100,000 ?
So given that it would be a bad idea to break the diamond wire in the cut , or trap it for that matter , the first step in the process is to take some of the load from the riser by cutting off the majority of the fallen pipe .
To make this simpler and since the quality of the cut is not important , this will be done with a large shearing machine .
Large shearing machine used to cut through the main section of the riser ( Unified Command )
For the second stage in the process the riser and pipe will be cut , at the top of the BOP using a wire saw to cut through both pipes .
The diamond wire , which is held under tension in the design , should give a relatively smooth surface that can be used for the sealing surface to the LMRP .
One of the problems in using this tool , which is rather sensitive ( in other circumstances we have broken several wires in a smaller model ) is dealing with the central DP as the cut is being made , and with the flow of oil and gas past the wire , which can send it into vibration , over the relatively long cut .
Wire sawing the riser and drill pipe ( Unified Command )
The two pulleys at the top of the saw are used , as well as guides , as tools to keep the wire under the correct level of tension .
A version of an underwater wire saw ( Wachs )
It is relatively slow to cut , ( perhaps 10 to 30 sq ft / hour , depending on power and blade size ) and requires patience to keep the applied loads at the right level ( the joy of automatic equipment over manual operation ) .
There are still possible risks , due to the remaining load on the metal being cut as it is being made , since the amount of metal left gets less over time .
As a result it is likely that , in the same way as a forester will use wedges to stop the cut closing as he chops down a tree , so small metal wedges will be put into the cut in this case .
The only difficulty that this imposes is that it will be difficult to access the central DP and difficult to deal with that , once cut through , since it is within the riser and not accessible .
Hopefully it will be held in place by the bend of the pipe and riser , until the wire has passed through it .
Over the past twenty years diamond wire sawing has become more common as a way of cutting through a variety of materials .
It has the advantage of making a relatively narrow cut , and the ability to cut through objects made of different materials , such as reinforced concrete .
The cutting wire used to have small diamond particles embedded in the steel of the wire , but in more modern varieties the diamonds are embedded in a plastic such as Teflon , and set as beads along the wire , allowing better cooling during the cutting process .
Segmented diamond wire – new so that the paint is still over the diamonds ( Wachs )
Now my students will tell you that I have a bad habit of slipping commercials for another technology into lectures , and so I am going to indulge , and mention that there is an alternate technique that could be used instead .
And that is the use of a high pressure abrasive laden , waterjet cutting stream .
These are becoming increasingly used in industrial manufacturing , although in that use the technique usually involves a different way of adding the abrasive to that which would be used in the current problem .
In the conventional way of adding abrasive it is mixed into the jet after the water is accelerated , and , in the right circumstances , we have been able to cut through half - inch titanium with an accuracy of 0.001 inches .
Those jet systems operate at pressures from 40,000 psi to about 90,000 psi .
In the current case the abrasive is added to the water from a pressure vessel , and the technique is known as abrasive slurry jetting ( ASJ ) .
It allows equivalent cutting at about a tenth of the jet pressure ( i.e. 5 - 10,000 psi ) .
The tool has been developed for cutting off different oilwell parts from the wells under the North Sea .
Because the jet cuts away from the nozzle , it can cut , for example , out from the center of a set of drill pipes , one nested inside the other , and separate them , as one of the last stages in decommissioning a well .
It has a problem with range , the jet cutting to a shorter distance as the back pressure in the water increases , and for cutting down to 500 ft ( the deepest we have tried ) it can be improved to cut large risers by adding an air sheath around the outside of the jet .
One alternate way that is used for cutting tanks and other containers with possibly explosive content is to use a chain crawler around the pipe .
This way the jet does not have to cut quite as far through the water .
Cutting a pipe using a crawler ( NLB )
( And for those who question whether jets would work under this depth , Gulf Oil – as was – used an abrasive waterjet to drill a well down to 15,000 ft back in the early 1970 ’s but a fire destroyed the equipment and the research was stopped ) .
To end with the anecdote – which relates to the cleaning of oil rigs for inspection .
The problem that arises is that barnacles and a variety of sea creatures and plants grow on these structures , and need to be removed .
The historic method of doing this was to give a diver a chipping hammer , and send him down to chip off the offending coating .
Now when a diver is in the sea there is not a lot of resistance , and so one has to clamp onto something to develop enough thrust to effectively use the hammer .
The only object available is the rig itself , and wrapping one ’s legs around a strut works to give the platform .
The only problem is that the strut is covered in barnacles – ouch !
So the waterjet industry developed a zero - thrust gun ( in other words the cutting jet on one end is matched by a jet of similar power on the other , so the forces are balanced ) and the diver does not need to hold onto anything .
It was taken out to one of the rigs in the North Sea and given to one of the divers .
He took it , without a word , and disappeared over the side of the rig .
He was down underwater using it for about fifteen minutes and came back to the surface .
He did n’t say anything , but walked over to the chipping hammer .
He put down the lance , picked up the chipping hammer , and walked to the side of the platform .
“ So long , you son of a . . . . ” , he said , and threw it overboard .
It was one of the fastest adaptations of a change in technology around the world that I have seen .
Anyway I will talk about using jets for efficient cleaning in another post .
Enjoy the day !
( CNN ) --
A body found in southeast Memphis , Tennessee , on Wednesday has been identified as that of former professional basketball player Lorenzen Wright , Memphis police said .
The cause of death has been ruled as " homicide by gunshot wound , " police said Thursday in a news release , adding that the Shelby County medical examiner used dental records to confirm Wright 's identity .
" Investigators continue to work around the clock to bring justice to Mr. Wright and his family , " the police department said in a statement .
Before that confirmation , Wright 's family had already said that they were mourning his loss .
Wright 's cousin , Camella Logan , had released a statement to the Atlanta Journal - Constitution newspaper saying , " We appreciate your thoughts , prayers and condolences as they are comforting at this very difficult time . "
Wright , who has a home in Atlanta , was reported missing on July 22 .
He had been visiting with his former wife and their children in Collierville , near Memphis , investigators said .
Wright was last seen at his former wife 's home shortly before midnight on July 18 , and a 911 call was placed from his phone in the early hours of July 19 , police said .
His body was found on Wednesday by Shelby County Emergency Services Search and Rescue , police said .
Dewayne Benton , a Christian radio personality in Memphis , said he left work early to investigate reports his station received about the body .
Benton described the crowded crime scene as somber .
" Lorenzen Wright had a lot of financial problems ... but this was just horrible , " said Benton .
" He was one of the favorite sons of Memphis , " he added .
The 6 - foot - 11 - inch Wright was a high school basketball star in Memphis , and he played professionally for the NBA 's Memphis Grizzlies from 2001 through 2006 .
" We are deeply saddened by the tragic death of Lorenzen Wright , " the team 's majority owner , Michael Heisley , said in a statement on the Grizzlies ' website .
" We lost a member of the Grizzlies family . "
During his 13 - year professional basketball career Wright also played with the Los Angeles Clippers , Sacramento Kings and most recently with the Cleveland Cavaliers .
Wright did two tours with the Atlanta Hawks as well , from 1999 to 2001 and from 2006 to 2008 .
Former Hawks coach Lenny Wilkens said , " Lorenzen was a real congenial young man who played with a lot of enthusiasm .
This is certainly a huge loss for his family and friends . "
" Our thoughts and prayers are with [ his family ] during this difficult time , " said Hawks General Manager Rick Sund in a press statement released Thursday by the NBA team .
Hot on the heels of the Microsoft 's decision to end the Kin project , it laid off a few hundred employees as part of its annual review process .
The company spun it as no big deal .
On some level , that 's true .
The Seattle Times says Microsoft hired over 2,000 this year .
But despite its minimal numbers , the layoff 's timing could n't worse .
Why ?
Because Microsoft 's review process strikes low - level employees as capricious , and unfair , especially following the Kin debacle .
One Microsoftie groused to us , " We 're supposedly a performance culture but we never seem to fire anyone for shit performance .
We always let them leave on their own terms as opposed to calling it out like it is .
So now Roz Ho , Andy Lees and Terry Meyerson [ sic ] keep their jobs in light of one of the biggest screw - ups in the history of product launches . "
Another former Microsoft employee with friends at the company tells us
I have been hearing a lot of complaints from former colleagues who are still at MSFT about the " new " review policy .
Basically , they say that the new format is designed to remove headcount without it being counted as a layoff .
They are trying to let a lot of people go due to " performance reasons " by doing the following :
They do two performance reviews per year now * ( mid year and year end ) .
If you get a bad review in either one , you are put on notice and can be let go anytime after that .
This is not what was done in the past .
A lot of long timers at MSFT were let go recently who are saying that they were targeted for removal as opposed to being let go for performance reasons .
The current Microsoft employee backs this up saying :
People complain about the performance system .
They always will because it is a system that is ripened to taken advantage of .
The real problem is that you have a performance rating ( Exceeds / Achieve / Underachieve ) and then a contribution ranking ( 20 - HiPo / 70/10 ) .
Many managers put people in A /10 , which pretty much signals the end of your career .
Even though you achieved in your job , the 10 means that the group does n't see any upside in terms of your potential to advance in the group .
The problem is that most hiring managers see it as an indictment on your performance even though there is already an indicator that tells them that .
So when you get an A /10 , you are encouraged to look within the company , but no one will touch you .
That means you will most likely get put on the list for whenever the company culls again , unless you have a rabbi someplace to save you elsewhere in the company .
To be sure , few employees in the world ( unless they 're getting a promotion ) think that performance reviews are fair .
So , bitching and moaning about employee reviews is n't a big deal .
What is a big deal is the simmering rage among Microsoft 's low - level employees .
They want to see someone at a higher level fired for performance failure .
It 's inarguable that Microsoft has botched the mobile market .
How bad has Microsoft screwed up ?
Bad enough for the Gerson Lehrman Group to say it thinks " Microsoft will exit the mobile OS space within the next year . "
It 's this striking ineptitude that has employees wondering why their friends are being canned while people at the top get to stay put .
Per usual :
We feel like we 're only getting one side of the story here .
And Microsoft PR is n't really helping us .
We 'd like to hear from more Microsoft employees , particularly if they feel good about the company and think it 's doing well and all this complaining is bunk .
Please email us at jyarow@businessinsider.com .
See Also : Microsoft Rank And File Felt " Embarrassment All Over Campus " From Kin Failure
* A current Microsoft employee emailed and said this is bull :
" Years ago MSFT used to conduct performance reviews twice a year .
I assure you however this is no longer the case .
What 's really funny is the article portrays being reviewed twice a as a bad thing .
Trust me when I tell you [ we ] would love nothing more than to be reviewed 2X a year and in fact this topic came up at a meeting with the head of HR ( Lisa Brummel ) just this week .
Why ?
Because the 90 % of employees who do n't land in the bottom 10 % bucket would n't mind being up for raises / bonuses twice a year instead of only once -- myself being one of them .
Would you rather be up for a raise / bonus once a year or twice ? "
Toyota and Tesla Motors are going back to the future to update the RAV4 EV , essentially resurrecting an excellent electric vehicle the Japanese company killed seven years ago .
The two companies announced today that they will develop the vehicle with a goal of producing it in 2012 , bringing cheers from EV advocates thrilled by the return of a vehicle they adore .
It 's a brilliant move for everyone involved .
Toyota , which has so far been lukewarm about EVs , gets something on the road quickly and cheaply .
And Tesla gets its drivetrain in more vehicles .
" Basically , for a net investment of $ 8 million , Toyota has gotten itself a ready - made EV program , " said Aaron Bragman , an auto industry analyst for IHS Global Insight .
" Toyota is behind the ball when it comes to fully electric vehicles .
This is them playing some serious catch - up and doing it for relatively little investment . "
Both companies also get some good PR when they need it .
Toyota 's been hit by yet another round of recalls , and Tesla 's stock price fell below its initial offering price earlier this month .
The company 's stock rose almost 4 percent today on the announcement .
The Japanese giant took the Silicon Valley upstart under its wing in May when it gave Tesla the New United Motor Manufacturing factory for $ 42 million and agreed to buy $ 50 million in stock when Tesla went public .
They said from the start that we'd see an electric vehicle born of the marriage , but neither side is breaking new ground here .
Toyota is essentially updating an electric vehicle it built in limited numbers between 1997 and 2003 .
The vehicle featured a 27.4 - kilowatt - hour nickel - metal hydride battery that recharges in 5 hours at 240 volts .
Toyota leased RAV4 EVs to utilities , businesses and cities through 2002 and sold 328 of them to private citizens in 2003 .
Unlike other automakers ( cough GM cough Honda ) , Toyota did n't crush the cars at the end of its EV program , and most are still on the road .
" I 'm still getting 120 miles of range , " said Paul Scott , a founder of the advocacy group Plug - In America .
He bought his in September 2003 .
" It still runs exactly the same as the day I bought it .
There 's no degradation of the battery , no variation in the performance .
It just runs . "
Scott , like other EV advocates , could n't be more excited to see the RAV4 EV return .
The current generation RAV ( pictured above ) is roomier and more nicely appointed than the model Toyota electrified 13 years ago ( pictured below ) , and using a lithium - ion battery should boost performance .
" Toyota did a great job with the original , and the new RAV4 will be even better , " he said .
Neither Tesla or Toyota offered any specs for the next - gen EV .
But a small electric SUV makes a lot of sense because it provides more practicality than a compact .
" It will have a wider appeal than many EVs that will be on the market , " Bragman said .
" This is one of the things GM is thinking of with a crossover utility vehicle version of the Volt .
This is what the next level will be . "
As for Tesla 's role in all of this , Toyota says " prototypes will be made combining the Toyota RAV4 model with a Tesla electric powertrain .
Tesla plans to produce and deliver a fleet of prototypes to Toyota for evaluation within this year . "
In other words , there 's no guarantee Tesla drivetrains will appear in production models .
It 's similar to Tesla 's work with Daimler , which used Tesla batteries in the Smart ForTwo Electric drive prototypes but will use its own packs in production models slated for 2012 .
" The RAV4 may be a reality in 2 to 3 years , but only if Toyota puts a lot more than their initial $ 50 million behind it , " said Mike Omotoso , an analyst with J.D. Power and Associates .
" Tesla is not financially self - sufficient and will need more money to build a RAV4 and / or Model S . "
Toyota 's investment in Tesla gives the Japanese company a peek at some excellent technology and helps put Toyota 's EV program on a fast track quickly and cheaply .
But to suggest , as many have , that Tesla is Toyota 's electric savior is ludicrous .
Toyota dominates the hybrid market , so it clearly knows how how to build batteries and motors that work .
What 's more , the original RAV4 was , and remains , an impressive vehicle .
Toyota could slap the original 's electric drivetrain in the current RAV4 and have a competitive EV .
That 's a testament to the original 's technology and Toyota 's EV expertise .
UPDATED 4:10 p.m. Eastern .
Photos : Toyota
See Also :
Toyota built the RAV4 EV from 1997 until 2003 , and most of them are still going strong .
The cars are such solid performers and so highly sought after that they would routinely command prices of $ 40,000 to $ 50,000 on those rare occasions someone sells one .
On July 12th , JägerMonkey officially crossed TraceMonkey on the v8 suite of benchmarks .
Yay !
It ’s not by a lot , but this gap will continue to widen , and it ’s an exciting milestone .
A lot ’s happened over the past two months .
You ’ll have to excuse our blogging silence – we actually sprinted and rewrote JägerMonkey from scratch .
Sounds crazy , huh ?
The progress has been great :
The black line is the new method JIT , and the orange line is the tracing JIT .
The original iteration of JägerMonkey ( not pictured ) was slightly faster than the pink line .
We ’ve recovered our original performance and more in significantly less time .
What Happened …
In early May , Dave Mandelin blogged about our half - way point .
Around the same time , Luke Wagner finished the brunt of a massive overhaul of our value representation .
The new scheme , “ fat values ” , uses a 64 - bit encoding on all platforms .
We realized that retooling JägerMonkey would be a ton of work .
Armed with the knowledge we ’d learned , we brought up a whole new compiler over the next few weeks .
By June we were ready to start optimizing again .
“ Prepare to throw one away ” , indeed .
JägerMonkey has gotten a ton of new performance improvements and features since the reboot that were not present in the original compiler :
Local variables can now stay in registers ( inside basic blocks ) .
Constants and type information propagate much better .
We also do primitive type inference .
References to global variables and closures are now much faster , using more polymorphic inline caches .
There are many more fast - paths for common use patterns .
Intern Sean Stangl has made math much faster when floating - point numbers are involved – using the benefits of fat values .
Intern Andrew Drake has made our JIT ’d code work with debuggers .
What about Tracer Integration ?
This is a tough one to answer , and people are really curious !
The bad news is we ’re pretty curious too – we just do n’t know what will happen yet .
One thing is sure : if not carefully and properly tuned , the tracer will negatively dominate the method JIT ’s performance .
The goal of JägerMonkey is to be as fast or faster than the competition , whether or not tracing is enabled .
We have to integrate the two in a way that gives us a competitive edge .
We did n’t do this in the first iteration , and it showed on the graphs .
This week I am going to do the simplest possible integration .
From there we ’ll tune heuristics as we go .
Since this tuning can happen at any time , our focus will still be on method JIT performance .
Similarly , it will be a while before an integrated line appears on Are We Fast Yet , to avoid distraction from the end goal .
The good news is , the two JITs win on different benchmarks .
There will be a good intersection .
What ’s Next ?
The schedule is tight .
Over the next six weeks , we ’ll be polishing JägerMonkey in order to land by September 1st .
That means the following things need to be done :
Tinderboxes must be green .
Everything in the test suite must JIT , sans oft - maligned features like E4X .
x64 and ARM must have ports .
All large - scale , invasive perf wins must be in place .
Integration with the tracing JIT must work , without degrading method JIT performance .
For more information , and who ’s assigned to what , see our Path to Firefox 4 page .
Performance Wins Left
We ’re generating pretty good machine code at this point , so our remaining performance wins fall into two categories .
The first is driving down the inefficiencies in the SpiderMonkey runtime .
The second is identifying places we can eliminate use of the runtime , by generating specialized JIT code .
Perhaps the most important is making function calls fast .
Right now we ’re seeing JM ’s function calls being upwards of 10X slower than the competition .
Its problems fall into both categories , and it ’s a large project that will take multiple people over the next three months .
Luke Wagner and Chris Leary are on the case already .
Lots of people on the JS team are now tackling other areas of runtime performance .
Chris Leary has ported WebKit ’s regular expression compiler .
Brian Hackett and Paul Biggar are measuring and tackling what they find – so far lots of object allocation inefficiencies .
Jason Orendorff , Andreas Gal , Gregor Wagner , and Blake Kaplan are working on Compartments ( GC performance ) .
Brendan is giving us awesome new changes to object layouts .
Intern Alan Pierce is finding and fixing string inefficiencies .
During this home stretch , the JM folks are going to try and blog about progress and milestones much more frequently .
Are We Fast Yet Improvements
Sort of old news , but Michael Clackler got us fancy new hovering perf deltas on arewefastyet.com .
wx24 gave us the XHTML compliant layout that looks way better ( though , I ’ve probably ruined compliance by now ) .
We ’ve also got a makeshift page for individual test breakdowns now .
It ’s nice to see that JM is beating everyone on at least * one* benchmark ( nsieve - bits ) .
Summit Slides
They ’re here .
Special thanks to Dave Mandelin for coaching me through this .
Conclusion
Phew !
We ’ve made a ton of progress , and a ton more is coming in the pipeline .
I hope you ’ll stay tuned .
Services for Controlling Termites in Your House
There are a lot of pests that can be living in your house such as cockroaches and termites so you should really look out for these critters .
When you have any termites in your house , you should really try to get rid of …
Being an atheist in America means being less than human .
I know from personal experience , not from being an atheist but from being raised Christian in a conservative Christian town and holding negative biases about atheists .
Like many others I thought that a belief in God was the foundation of morality , that Christians were superior to others and that atheists were a threat to believers .
I did n’t , however , reach this conclusion consciously after weighing the facts and examining the issue independently .
But rather it was something so ingrained within the culture that it permeated the social conscience .
And of course atheists were just one group among many targeted by some Christians .
But for several years now there have been movements both religious and secular that have championed the rights of other marginalized groups such as gays , people of color and women .
Now it ’s time for religious and spiritual people to take a stand for non-believers of all varieties .
Recent years have seen the spread of whats called the new atheism .
Led by Christopher Hitchens , Richard Dawkins , Sam Harris and Daniel Dennet who are dubbed the “ four horsemen ” they are known for their fiery rhetoric and passionate critique of all things religious .
While they certainly do n’t represent all atheists - some prefer a more moderate approach - they have provided an important voice of resistance and identity for a group that has remained painfully silent for to long .
And atheism is one of the fastest growing identities in America .
It ’s now the third largest group behind Catholics and Baptists .
People are fed up with the abuse scandals , hypocrisy , violence and rejection of scientific progress that is associated with so many religions and their teachings .
Now that atheism has a renewed interest in the public sphere it is an excellent opportunity for religious people of all sorts to show kindness , compassion and understanding to atheists - all things which are central to their traditions .
I ’m both a fan and a critic of the new atheists .
I agree with much of what they say but disagree when they indict all of religion or reduce it to its most distasteful elements .
I believe religion can serve a useful purpose in our world .
It can offer a place of resistance , refuge , healing and renewal .
But even as I support critiquing the new atheists I treat atheism like I do any other marginalized group that is targeted by a dominant culture .
I liken their cause to other struggles for liberation and freedom .
And that is why despite my disagreements I believe their response is just .
The reality is that we live in a culture of Christian hegemony and the new atheists are responding to a troublesome legacy of religious dominance .
Paul Kivel , a violence prevention educator , defines this hegemony “ as the everyday , pervasive , and systematic set of Christian values and beliefs , individuals and institutions that dominate all aspects of our society through the social , political , economic , and cultural power they wield .
Nothing is unaffected by Christian hegemony ( whether we are Christian or not ) including our personal beliefs and values , our relationships to other people and to the natural environment , and our economic , political , education , health care , criminal / legal , housing , and other social systems . ”
And this form of dominance is accompanied by a long legacy of persecution , negative attitudes , prejudices and practices of “ othering ” against atheists .
For Christians and other religious people to have to deal with a bit of push back or challenge to their mostly unchallenged ideas and way of living is small compared to being viewed as less than human for much of our civilized history .
One of the strongest pieces of evidence for the existence of an everyday prejudice against atheists is that atheists consistently poll the lowest - below women and African - Americans when people are asked who they would vote for as president .
I liken this to the same general disdain that is held against women in our patriarchal culture .
What ’s the worst thing you can call a man ?
The answer is usually a woman , girl , sissy or some other adjective for the feminine .
What does this say about how we view women as a culture ?
What does the presidential poll say about how we view atheists ?
Similar examples can be given about people of color , people with disabilities or those from a lower socio-economic background .
These cultural views tell us a lot about the harmful attitudes that have become normalized , some of which make themselves known explicitly while many others are implicit and inherent with our structural , legal and institutional frameworks .
But again the prejudice against atheists has yet to be challenged by the same progressive and / or religious forces which have been fighting for racial and gender equality for many years now .
In reality , people who are religious or hold to some conception of God are n’t any different than atheists .
Let ’s face it , we are all born atheists .
No baby is born believing in the miraculous conception of Jesus , that Muhammad is a prophet or that Joseph Smith was chosen by God to spread Mormonism .
Rather children are taught to believe religious doctrines or adults freely choose them later in life .
But even for those who identify as believing Christians , Jews , Muslims or any other religion they are still atheists in respect to other Gods .
In fact some of the very first people to be called atheists were Christians .
They were dubbed so by the Roman authorities for denying the state Gods .
Socrates was also branded an atheist for denying the various Greek Gods , even though he still believed in God .
Therefore , Christians are atheists when it comes to Zeus , Thor and Dionysus .
Atheists simply deny one more God than Christians do .
And the progressive spiritual people that no longer believe in a theistic
God who intervenes in human affairs but still use the word God are n’t describing anything supernatural .
Thus , whether it ’s liberation or process theology , pantheism or panentheism these liberal ways of defining God as love , creative potential , the universe , everything or freedom are simply interesting methods of describing the natural laws of existence .
Therefore this sacred and divine language used to describe the beauty , power and transformative potential of the spirit of life is for many “ believers ” not describing anything different than what modern physics already acknowledges .
Granted some take liberty with this and inject quasi- spiritual truths into science .
But the point is that many liberals who use the word God are only a stones throw away from being agnostic or atheists themselves and their understanding of reality is often not that different from many atheists .
Another way that many religious people try to differentiate themselves from atheists is by suggesting morality has no basis without a foundation or belief in God .
This is a dangerous and insulting myth that religious and spiritual alike have an ethical responsibility to challenge because we participate in the systems that perpetuate it .
It leads people to believe that atheism is a social problem that needs to be confronted .
But the real problems in society are poverty , violence , war , dehumanization and greed among others .
I understand this belief about God being the foundation for morality because it was the dominant idea in the conservative Christian town I grew up in .
However , it has no basis in reality .
The idea that Bible believing Christians would be ravenous murderers without a belief in God is not only disturbing but simply untrue .
There are many cases of people losing their faith and becoming atheists , yet they do n’t lose their moral compass .
And if you look at any crime or social ill you will find no statistical difference between atheists and believers .
If anything more Christians have committed crimes simply by their sheer majority in the United States .
Many European countries contain a majority of atheists and yet they rank among the highest on quality of life measurements ; crime , poverty , health , infant mortality…etc .
And as Christopher Hitchens frequently states , there are no moral actions that atheists can’t perform but there are plenty of wicked things that have been done by religious people .
Since my upbringing as a Christian my views on Christianity and religion have evolved quite a bit .
I ’ve lived in a conservative town where atheism was a dirty word .
I then went to a progressive liberal arts college where Christian was a dirty word .
Now I live in San Francisco and attend one of the very few non-Christian seminaries called Starr King School for the Ministry located in Berkeley .
Based in the Unitarian Universalist ( UU ) tradition I am fortunate to be studying alongside religious leaders who identify as atheist , agnostic , pagan , Hindu , Jewish , Christian , Muslim , humanist , pantheist and everything in between .
While we are not homogeneous by any means we share a general commitment to challenging forms of dominance .
The only required course is called “ Educating to Counter Oppressions to Create Just and Sustainable Communities . ”
And last year we hosted Paul Kivel ’s workshop on Christian hegemony .
19 % of Unitarian Universalists identify as atheist , while 33 % identify as agnostic .
Many services on Sunday will find no mention of the word God or spirit and will often have strong resistance to using these words .
Other congregations may use these words but if they do it is in an inclusive non-theistic way that meets the expectations of their members .
The point here is to say that there are religious people who are willing to stand up for atheists and agnostics , and that some atheists identify as religious themselves .
In addition to UU ’s many Buddhists are great examples of religious atheists .
Yes it is a small percentage of the overall population just like the number of white people working to end racism is but these are crucial voices on the path to transformation .
And until religious people begin to stand up for this cause in earnest and thoughtful ways I do n’t blame the new atheists for not trusting us and being skeptical of all things religious .
What can concerned religious or spiritual people do about the dehumanization of atheists ?
The same criteria that is used for countering other forms of oppression can be applied to atheism .
First we can commit to listening to the lived experiences of atheists who are in a culture of Christian hegemony .
What ’s it like to be you ?
How is your life impacted by our culture ?
Secondly we can commit to being an ally .
This includes listening but also implies a willingness to stand side - by - side with atheists when they need support .
This means exercising power through writing , speaking , advocacy or otherwise and challenging the myths about atheism that dominate our culture .
And it means allowing our actions to be informed by the perspectives of atheists .
It is commonplace for people in a dominant group to “ help ” the marginalized group without forming relationships and knowing what they actually need .
Third , religious people can educate themselves on the history of atheism and its various expressions , understand how the culture of Christian dominance works and examine one ’s own biases and prejudices against atheism .
Just like we hold unconscious racist , sexist and class based beliefs we do so about atheism .
I have even found these biases to be present amongst the very most progressive and liberal spiritual people .
Examining and uncovering them is a crucial step in transforming our culture into a more humane and just one .
As a religious leader in training and as someone who still uses the word God I am committed to working to end the culture of prejudice against atheists .
Dehumanization of atheists like any other group of people is a spiritual issue and I would like to encourage my religious and spiritual friends to join me in this cause .
If we want to apply our ethical and moral teachings about love , nonviolence , compassion and justice consistently we must demonstrate them when the difficult and challenging opportunities arise .
﻿
Aging rats have had their memory loss reversed , thanks to a compound that helps them form new memories again .
The compound could be a breakthrough treatment for Alzheimer's .
Advertisement
Essential to the creation and maintenance of memories is neurogenesis , in which new neurons are created and then wired into the brain 's circuitry .
This process occurs in the dentate gyrus , a key sector of the brain 's memory hub in the hippocampus .
Even in healthy brains , this is a difficult process , with only about 10 % of these neurons surviving long enough to become a useful part of memory production .
Alzheimer 's disease , which is characterized by uncontrolled cell death , the survival rate drops to close to zero .
A recent study at the University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center sought out compounds that could protect these vulnerable neurons from the ravages of Alzheimer's .
Researchers tested 1000 different molecules on mice that had been engineered to lack a gene critical to the survival of new memory neurons .
They found that one compound in particular , called P7C3 , greatly reduced the death of these cells , toughening up their outer defenses and helping them maintain a higher energy level .
Advertisement
Encouraged by these results , they then gave P7C3 to elderly rats with memory problems .
The rats who were given the compound enjoyed three times the rate of new neuron survival than their counterparts in the control group , and they massively outperformed their peers remembering their way through a water maze test .
Steven McKnight , one of the leaders of the research team , explains why these results are so exciting :
" This neuroprotective compound , called P7C3 , holds special promise because of its medication - friendly properties .
It can be taken orally , crosses the blood - brain barrier with long - lasting effects , and is safely tolerated by mice during many stages of development . "
And P7C3 might not even be the best option .
A derivative of the compound , dubbed A20 , is even better at protecting memory neurons .
In fact , it 's 300 times more potent than another compound currently in clinical trials to treat Alzheimer's .
The researchers are hoping to better understand the underlying mechanisms of both compounds in the hopes of finding even more potential treatments for the disease .
[ Cell ]
The German online news magazine FOCUS reports here today that a new record low temperature has been set at a station in Antarctica .
The Neumayer III station , operated by Germany ’s Alfred Wegener Institute , has recorded the lowest temperature at their Antarctic location since the start of operations there 29 years ago .
The mercury dropped to - 50.2°C .
According to polar meteorologist Gert König - Langlo of the Neumayer III , such similarly low temperatures have been recorded only 10 times since Neumayer operations began at this location .
Says König - Langlo :
This is the first time we ’ve gone under the minus 50 degree mark .
The Neumayer III is located on the approximately 200 - meter thick Ekstrom Ice Shelf .
The station is moving with the shelf ice at about 200 meters per year in the direction of the open sea .
FOCUS online is quick to point out that this record cold is not a sign of climate change , but rather it is a local regional weather phenomenon ( only warm events are signs of climate change ) .
According to König - Langlo :
The cause was the ongoing cloudless and very low wind weather conditions , which is rare in the region .
A light breeze is enough to put an end to the phenomenon .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
CLEVELAND -- LeBron James is being dropped off a building .
And his jerseys , at least the ones not on fire , are almost being given away .
Workers began dismantling the 10 - story - tall iconic image of James on a mural in downtown Cleveland on Saturday .
The billboard has dominated the city 's skyline for years but is being removed after the superstar announced he was leaving the Cavaliers for the Miami Heat .
As strips of the image of James , his arms outstretched and head thrown back after doing his pregame powder toss , began coming off , pedestrians stopped on Ontario Street to take photos and cars pulled to the side for one last look at No. 23 , who has gone from being a hometown hero to villain .
" We are removing the LeBron James Witness mural in downtown Cleveland and expect the process to be completed within a few days , " Nike spokesman KeJuan Wilkins said in an e-mail to The Associated Press .
Workmen remove a large mural of LeBron James from a downtown Cleveland building Saturday .
AP Photo / Mark Duncan
Wilkins said he does not yet know what the company 's plans are with the gigantic sign , which includes the phrase : " We Are All Witnesses " over James ' image .
On Friday , several fans gathered on the sidewalk outside the Landmark Office Tower as workers prepared to remove the billboard .
" My mom wanted us to get a picture of it before they brought it down , " said Kayla Mack of Norwalk , Ohio .
" It 's very bittersweet . "
After James announced his decision to leave Cleveland as a free agent Thursday night , some irate Cavs fans feeling betrayed by the Akron native they 've cheered for since he was a teenager , burned the two - time MVP 's jersey .
Others hurled rocks at the mural , which towers over the corners of Ontario and Prospect avenues -- a long 3 - pointer from Quicken Loans Arena , home of the Cavaliers .
Elsewhere , James jerseys , so fashionable during his seven - year stay , can be found at discounted rates as merchants look to get rid of their inventories of Cleveland 's career scoring leader and arguably the most celebrated pro athlete in the city 's history .
At Dick 's Sporting Goods in Westlake , James jerseys have been reduced to $ 29.99 with the store offering a further 75 percent reduction .
T - shirts and other merchandise with James ' face or number on it are also at bargain prices .
Businesses are also offering perks in exchange for James ' jersey .
At McNulty 's Bier Market in Ohio City , anyone turning in a James jersey or T - shirt got a free beer .
Anyone with a T - shirt , hat or tattoo featuring another Cleveland sports star got a free second round .
In addition , Fathead.com , an online retailer owned by Cavs owner Dan Gilbert dropped the price of its LeBron Fathead wall decals from $ 99.99 to $ 17.41 , which happens to be the same year Revolutionary War traitor Benedict Arnold was born .
Following James ' announcement to join fellow free - agent stars Dwyane Wade and Chris Bosh in Miami , Gilbert posted letter to Cleveland fans , ripping James for " a several - day narcissistic , self - promotional buildup culminating with a national TV special of the decision unlike anything ever ' witnessed ' in the history of sports and probably the history of entertainment . "
Later , in an interview with the AP , Gilbert accused James of quitting in the playoffs the past two seasons .
" LeBron James needs to go to another team with two superstars already so he can win a championship , " Gilbert said .
" We will win a championship before [ the Heat ] do .
...
It 's not about him leaving .
It 's the disrespect .
It 's time for people to hold these athletes accountable for their actions .
Is this the way you raise your children ?
I 've been holding this all in for a long time . "
The Wikileaks founder , Julian Assange , said today that the organisation is working through a " backlog " of further secret material and was expecting a " substantial increase in submissions " from whistleblowers after one of the biggest leaks in US military history .
Speaking in London after his website published more than 92,000 classified military logs relating to the war in Afghanistan , Assange said that he hoped for an " age of the whistleblower " in which more people would come forward with information they believed should be published .
Assange said that the site , which currently operates with a small dedicated team but has a network of about 800 volunteers , had a " backlog " of more material which only " just scratched the surface " .
While he would not be drawn into commenting on the nature of the material , he said that the organisation held " several million files " that " concern every country in the world with a population over 1 million " .
He said the site had undergone a " publishing haitus " since December during a period of re-engineering .
Assange suggested a clear step - up of operations and said that there were difficulties in changing from a small to large organisation while ensuring it would still be able to work in a secure way .
" My greatest fear is that we will be too successful too fast and wo n't be able to do justice to the material , " he said .
He said that from past experience the organisation was expecting more material to add to the backlog .
He said that after the site leaked details of one incident that killed 51 people in Afghanistan , " we received substantial increase in submissions " .
" Courage is contagious , " he added .
" Sources are encouraged by the opportunities they see in front of them . "
He said that a further 15,000 potentially sensitive reports had been excluded from today 's leak and were being were being reviewed further .
He said some of this material would be released once it was deemed safe to do so .
He added that the majority of this material was threat reports and that it included more than 50 embassy cables .
Assange 's plans will cause concern in government agencies , which argue that the site 's leaks are " irresponsible " and pose a threat to military operations in Afghanistan and elsewhere .
But Assange and said that the site applied " harm minimisation " procedures before publishing material .
" We do n't do things in an ad hoc way , " he said .
We 've tried hard to make sure that it puts no innocents at harm .
This material is over seven months old so it's of no operational significance , although it 's significant for journalistic investigation . "
Assange said that although the raw material was there , the real work would now begin to make sense of its scale .
He said that a single report of an incident on 9 August 2006 – part of Operation Medusa – had a kill count of 181 but from reports of the official death count , the two figures did n't tally .
" We add up all these deaths and we get around 80 .
The other 101 are unexplained . "
He added that there was no single issue brought to light by the material .
" There is no single damning , single person , single mass killing .
That 's not the real story .
The real story is that it 's war .
It 's the continuing small events , the continuing deaths of civilians , children and soldiers . "
Assange said that although he did not believe that the material was a threat to the US military operation in Afghanistan it was clear that it " will shape a new understanding of the war " and made " less room to gloss over what has happened in the past " .
He added that although seven months had passed since the last revealed file , he did not believe that changes in military strategy made by Barack Obama necessarily meant a change on the ground .
Assange said that there was a problem with the way operations were reported from the ground .
" Military units when self - reporting speak in another language , redefining civil casualties as insurgent casualties ...
When US military report on other US military they tend to be more frank .
When they report on ally military units , for the example the UK or the Polish , they 're even more likely to be frank .
But when they report on the Taliban then all evil comes out .
Internal reporting is not accurate .
The cover - up starts at the ground .
The whole task is to make the war more palatable . "
He added : " What we see is the US army as a huge boat that 's hard to turn around .
It 's hard to have a new policy and enact change .
[ Change ] has to come from the bottom not the top . "
During the hearing held in his absence police alleged that
cnxps.cmd.push(function ( ) { cnxps ( { playerId : '36af7c51-0caf-4741-9824-2c941fc6c17b ' }) .render('4c4d856e0e6f4e3d808bbc1715e132f6 ' ) ; } ) ;
The Jerusalem Post
Post
Gil Shefler contributed to this report .
Haim Pearlman , suspected of four counts of murder and seven counts of attempted murder , was remanded in custody until July 22 by the Petah Tikva District Court on Thursday .
The suspected , who is associated with the outlawed Kach movement , was arrested Tuesday night by Jerusalem Police and the Shin Bet ( Israel Security Agency ) .
As well as murder , he is suspected of possessing illegal weapons .
in 1998 and 1999 Pearlman , 29 , from Beit Rabban near Yavne , went on a stabbing spree , killing three Palestinians in the Jerusalem neighborhoods of Mea She’arim and Abu Tor .
Pearlman is accused of traveling in far - right circles .
He is married and has three children .
He allegedly tried to murder five more Palestinians in the Jerusalem area .
Pearlman denied all the allegations , and said in an interview recorded two days before his arrest and aired on Channel 2 on Wednesday night that he was being framed .
Pearlman ’s lawyer , Adi Keidar , toldon Wednesday , “ In the coming days , we will expose the unacceptable and shameful techniques used by the Shin Bet against my client .
My client has denied all wrongdoing . ”
Keidar added that he has been prevented from meeting with Pearlman for the time being .
“ In the condition that I was in , I would have confessed to killing Arlosoroff , ” Pearlman said during the Channel 2 interview , in a reference to Socialist Zionist leader Haim Arlosoroff , whose unsolved murder in Tel Aviv in 1933 was blamed on right - wing elements .
“ The Shin Bet gave me money to feed them information six months ago , ” Pearlman said .
He also accused his purported handlers of encouraging him to commit violent acts , including killing Sheikh Raed Saleh , the head of the Islamic Movement ’s Northern Branch , as part of the efforts to frame him .
An associate of Pearlman ’s told thethat the Shin Bet enticed Pearlman with cash payments to become an informer , but then cut links with him after realizing that the information he provided was worthless .
The associate added that audio recordings were made by Pearlman of Shin Bet “ He was a right - wing activist 10 years ago , but since then has left .
He could n’t get a teaching permit because of a past arrest during a disturbance related to the disengagement [ from Gaza and parts of northern Samaria in 2005 ] , ” the associate said .
“ He was in financial distress , so the Shin Bet exploited him .
They gave him hundreds of shekels for meeting with them , and kept in regular touch with him , asking him to provide them with information , ” the associate added .
The associate said that after realizing the information Pearlman was giving was false , undercover agents were sent to Givat Washington to put up posters advertising a job .
When Pearlman contacted the people who advertised the position , he realized they were Shin Bet agents , the associate said .
“ They crossed the line , and tried to cause him to commit violent acts .
These conversations were recorded by him .
When the Shin Bet realized they were being recorded , they framed him , out of revenge , ” the associate claimed .
The associate claimed to have heard the recordings .
“ In one tape , an agent is heard saying , ‘ Let ’s go to a village in the North ...
It ’s not a problem to take out Salah .
You open fire on the vehicle ...
You have to empty out the cartridge ...
Or you can plant a bomb , ’ ” he said .
“ Why was he arrested now , when the cases are more than 10 years old ? ” he said .
“ There is no doubt this is revenge . ” Pearlman appeared at the Petah Tikva Magistrate ’s Court on Wednesday , where his custody was extended by a day , despite attempts by the police representative to get it extended by 15 days .
His next remand hearing will be held on Thursday at the Jerusalem Magistrate ’s Court .
Pearlman was arrested in the past for waving an Israeli flag on the Temple Mount , but was acquitted .
He was also arrested for attacking an Arab man during the funeral of Binyamin and Talia Kahane in 2000 .
Binyamin , the son of Kach founder Rabbi Meir Kahane , and his wife were shot dead in their van by Palestinian terrorists while driving in the West Bank .
The Shin Bet fully lifted a media gag order on the case late Wednesday night and released a statement saying : “ Pearlman was arrested on suspicion of carrying out severe offenses , including a series of murders of Arabs and additional terrorist attacks against Arabs .
The decision to arrest Pearlman came after months of intelligence efforts in conjunction with the Israel Police and the state prosecution .
The efforts ... included a number of meetings held between Shin Bet members and Pearlman ... and other intelligence - gathering operations aimed at consolidating information on him .
” The Shin Bet rejected claims that Pearlman had been framed .
Shmuel “ Zangzi ” Meidad , the founder of Honeinu , a human rights organization that is helping to defend Pearlman , commented about the arrest .
“ Soon , new information will come to light that will shock Israel in the revelation of how the Shin Bet works , ” Meidad said , adding that he was not at liberty to go into specifics .
“ From my understanding , Pearlman may have been duped into carrying out killings by the Shin Bet . ” Meidad said Pearlman was a normative person whose weaknesses were exploited by the security services .
Here ’s the original idea for this comic .
Vee , Chilly and I were writing comics and were torn between these ideas .
This one won .
In the Netherlands a movement based on paranoia and the fleecing of the poor looks set to join the government .
In the United States one of the biggest exercises in false consciousness the world has ever seen – people gathering in their millions to lobby unwittingly for a smaller share of the nation 's wealth – has become the playmaker in Republican primaries .
The radical right is seizing its chance .
But where is the radical left ?
Both the Freedom party in the Netherlands and the Tea Party movement in the US base their political programmes on misinformation and denial .
But as political forces they are devastatingly effective .
The contrast to the leftwing meetings I 've attended over the past two years could n't be starker .
They are cerebral , cogent , realistic – and little of substance has emerged from them .
The rightwing movements thrive on their contradictions , the leftwing movements drown in them .
Tea Party members who proclaim their rugged individualism will follow a bucket on a broomstick if it has the right label , and engage in the herd behaviour they claim to deplore .
The left , by contrast , talks of collective action but indulges instead in possessive individualism .
Instead of coming together to fight common causes , leftwing meetings today consist of dozens of people promoting their own ideas , and proposing that everyone else should adopt them .
It would be wrong to characterise the Tea Party movement as being mostly working class .
The polls suggest that its followers have an income and college education rate slightly above the national mean .
But it is the only rising political movement in the US which enjoys major working - class support .
It voices the resentments of those who sense that they have been shut out of American life .
Yet it campaigns for policies that threaten to exclude them further .
The Contract from America for which Tea Party members voted demands that the US adopt a single - rate tax system , repeal Obama 's healthcare legislation and sustain George Bush 's reductions in income tax , capital gains tax and inheritance tax .
The beneficiaries of these policies are corporations and the ultra - wealthy .
Those who will be hurt by them are angrily converging on state capitals to demand that they are implemented .
The Tea Party protests began after the business journalist Rick Santelli broadcast an attack from the floor of the Chicago Mercantile Exchange on the government 's plan to help impoverished people whose mortgages had fallen into arrears .
To cheers from the traders at the exchange , he proposed that they should hold a tea party to dump derivative securities in Lake Michigan in protest at Obama 's intention – in Santelli 's words – to " subsidise the losers " .
( I urge you to watch the broadcast : it is the most alarming example of cheap demagoguery you are likely to have seen .
It continues to be promoted by Santelli's employer , CNBC . )
The protests that claim to defend the interests of the working class began , in other words , with a call for a bankers ' revolt against the undeserving poor .
They have been promoted by Fox News – owned by that champion of the underdog Rupert Murdoch – and lavishly funded by other billionaires .
Its corporate backers wrap themselves in the complaints of the downtrodden : they are 21st - century Marie - Antoinettes , who dress up as dairymaids and propose that the poor subsist upon a diet of laissez - faire .
Before this movement had a name , its contradictions were explored in Thomas Frank 's seminal book , What 's the Matter with Kansas ?
The genius of the new conservatism , Frank argues , is its " systematic erasure of the economic " .
It blames the troubles of the poor not on economic forces – corporate and class power , wage cuts , tax cuts , outsourcing – but on cultural forces .
The backlashers could believe that George Bush was a man of the people by ignoring his family 's wealth .
They can believe that the media is a liberal conspiracy only by forgetting about the corporations ( CNBC , Fox , etc ) and the conservative billionaires who run it .
The movement depends on people never making the connection between , for example , " mass culture , most of which conservatives hate , and laissez - faire capitalism , which they adore " or " the small towns they profess to love and the market forces that are slowly grinding those small towns back into the red- state dust " .
The anger of the excluded is aimed instead at gay marriage , abortion , swearing on television and latte - drinking , French - speaking liberals .
The working - class American right votes for candidates who rail against cultural degradation , but what it gets when they take power is a transfer of wealth from the poor to the rich .
In the Netherlands , Geert Wilders ' Freedom party performs a similar conjuring trick , persuading working - and middle - class voters that their real enemies are Muslims , while demanding tax cuts , abolition of the minimum wage and reductions in child benefits .
It is only because of the general political doziness of the British electorate that such movements – despite the UK Independence party 's best efforts – have not yet taken off here .
Give them time .
Though most of what they claim is false , one of the accusations levelled by both the Freedom party and the Tea Party rings true : the left is effete .
This highlights another contradiction in their philosophy : liberals are weak and spineless ; liberals are ruthless and all - powerful .
But never mind that – the left on both sides of the Atlantic has proved to be tongue - tied , embarrassed , unable to state simple economic truths , unable to name and confront the powers that oppress the working class .
It has left the field wide open to rightwing demagogues .
The great progressive cringe is only part of the problem ; we have also abandoned movement - building in favour of Facebook politics .
We do n't want to pursue a common purpose any more , instead we want our own ideas and identity applauded .
Where are the mass mobilisations in this country against the cuts , against the banks , BP , unemployment , the lack of social housing , the endless war in Afghanistan ?
In the US the radical right is swiftly acquiring ownership of the Republican party .
In the UK the left is scarcely attempting a reclamation of the Labour party , even as opportunity knocks .
Bogus and misdirected as the Tea Party movement is , in one respect it has an authenticity that the left lacks : it is angry and it's prepared to translate that anger into action .
It is marching , recruiting , unseating , replacing .
We talk , they act .
It strikes me that in the US the greater opportunities lie not in confronting the Tea Party movement but in turning it .
As its mixed responses to Sarah Palin and Ron Paul show , it remains fluid and volatile .
There 's an opening here for trade unionists to move in and agree that an elite is indeed depriving working people of their rights , but it is not an intellectual elite or a cultural elite or a liberal elite : it is an economic elite .
The radical right has something to teach us on this side of the Atlantic as well : the world is run by those who turn up .
Editor ’s Note :
Few things can kill a cocktail conversation like bond talk — and we are obviously not talking about the kind of bond preceded by “ James . ”
Not only do most people think bonds are boring , they also find them incredibly confusing .
If you want to be a smart investor , though , you should know where your money is going — and that includes understanding bonds and their most complex feature , pricing .
This week , MintLife presents the third article in our Investing 101 series , provided by Minyanville.com .
A bond is referred to as a debt instrument .
The corporation or government issuing the bond promises to repay the full value of the bond , or par value , with interest and by a specific due date .
A 3 % bond with a par value of $ 1,000 is a contract between the issuer and the bondholder , where the issuer pays annual interest of $ 30 , or 3 % of the par value .
On maturity date , the par value of $ 1,000 is repaid .
Because bond interest rates are fixed , but market rates are constantly changing , bond values also change all the time .
When interest rates are higher than that offered by a bond , that bond becomes less desirable .
As a result , that bond will be worth less than its par value and sell at a discount .
If market rates fall below the bond ’s fixed rate , the bond becomes more attractive and it starts selling at a premium .
For example , when a bond is at 102 , it is worth $ 1,020 , or 2 % above par value .
If a bond is at 97 , it has been discounted to 3 % below par value .
The changes also affect the yield on the bond .
No matter what its current market value , the bond always pays the same interest .
A 3 % , a $ 1,000 bond pays $ 30 per year :
Interest rate x par value – Interest ( 3 % x $ 1,000 = $ 30 )
This so - called nominal yield is also calculated by dividing the interest paid per year by par value :
Interest ÷ Par Value = Interest rate ( $ 30 ÷ $ 1,000 = 3 % )
If a bond is selling at a premium or discount , however , the current yield on that bond is going to be different .
For example , when that $ 1,000 par value is worth 102 , or $ 1,020 , the current yield is reduced :
$ 30 ÷ $ 1,020 = 2.9 %
This is only a slight difference ; but for institutional investors relying on bond yields for millions of dollars , it adds up to a lot of money .
If the bond is selling at a discount , on the other hand , the current interest rate is higher .
For example , if a bond with par value of $ 1,000 is at 97 , the calculation for current yield is :
$ 30 ÷ $ 970 = 3.1 %
No matter how much a bond ’s current value changes , at maturity the par value ( $ 1,000 in these examples ) is always paid .
If you purchase individual bonds with the idea to hold them to maturity , in other words , you could only take into consideration the bond ’s nominal yield .
But things get more complicated if you purchase bonds on the secondary market , at a premium or a discount .
In those cases , a more complex calculation of yield to maturity comes into play , including a combination of interest plus the net discount or minus the net premium .
The adjustment is spread over the time remaining to maturity .
So an investor buying a bond at premium or discount has to be concerned with three different versions of yield : Current yield , nominal yield , and yield to maturity .
Because debt investments are complex and contain a range of risks , most new investors will opt for money market or income mutual funds .
In that way , they rely on professional management to pick bonds and other debts to include in a diversified portfolio .
Michael C. Thomsett is author of over 60 books , including Winning with Stocks and Annual Reports 101 ( both published by Amacom Books ) , and Getting Started in Stock Investing and Trading ( John Wiley and Sons , scheduled for release in Fall , 2010 ) .
He lives in Nashville , Tennessee and writes fulltime .
Investing 101 : How Bonds Are Priced was provided by Minyanville.com .
Related
FOR the second time in less than 18 months , the market has taken a steep plunge and the patience of buy - and - hold investors is being put to the test .
But if investors learned anything from the previous bout of acute volatility  when the Standard & Poor ’s 500 - stock index plummeted to a low in March 2009 before soaring 80 percent during the next 13 months  it ’s that it often pays to remain in the market , even in frightening times .
That does n’t mean investors must stand pat with their existing portfolios , especially if they ’re not well diversified .
While the sharp , 12 percent slide in equity prices since April 23 has yet to become an official bear market ( defined as a decline of 20 percent or more ) , “ the chances of this correction morphing into a new bear are definitely rising , ” said Sam Stovall , chief investment strategist at S.& P .
Even after a strong performance last week , in which the S.& P 500 rose 4.8 percent , the underlying economic optimism that spurred the stunning rally last year seems to be subsiding .
“ I ’m saying to myself that the economy is still getting better , but the healing is going to take a little longer than we thought three months ago , ” said David H. Ellison , chief investment officer for the FBR equity funds .
“ So I ’ve become more defensive and have more cash in my portfolio than three or four months ago . ”
Doran & Doran , P.C. , has been providing services to the Boston area for over 50 years .
The firm was founded by Francis M. Doran , Sr. after he worked 10 years in the Boston office of the FBI .
In 1988 he was joined in practice by his son , Francis M. Doran , Jr. , after he worked at the Middlesex County District Attorney ’s Office .
Contact Doran & Doran , P.C. , in Framingham today to schedule an appointment .
The firm was founded on the principle of personalized , aggressive and passionate representation of those charged with criminal conduct .
The longevity and success of the firm may be attributed to delivery of the highest standard of legal services .
- Albert Einstein
" Problems can not be solved by the same level of thinking that created them . "
Creative - Courage to put imagination into practice with no fear of failure .
Alternative - Unconventional !
It breaks the monotone creativity of old world ideas .
Solutions -
Its only when you ask a question that you can get a solution .
We keep our minds alive with thousands of questions and complex equations involving the latest digital technologies to deliver the best possible solutions .
Welcome toA workshop with the floor and tools to experiment with our imagination so as to pursue and give birth to the ' next level ' of Creative Alternative Solutions .
Eye Bridge is one of the fastest growing design solutions companies which provide Web designing , Branding and Digital Marketing Solutions .
Our strength lies in the diverse mix of individuals who call themselves " Team Eye Bridge " .
Can we help you ?
Click here to get in touch
The top 10 most downloaded movies on BitTorrent , ‘ Clash Of The Titans ' tops the chart for the second week in row , followed by ' Death At A Funeral ' .
' Repo Man ' completes the top three .
This week there are two newcomers in the top 10 and one returnee .
Clash Of The Titans is the most downloaded movie on BitTorrent again this week .
The data for our weekly download chart is collected by TorrentFreak , and is for informational and educational reference only .
All the movies in the list are DVDrips unless stated otherwise .
RSS feed for the weekly movie download chart .
Christopher Hitchens , the famous atheist and author of " God is Not Great , " abruptly cut short a book tour this week to begin chemotherapy treatments , and news outlets reported that he has cancer .
It seems against common sense to say this , but might I suggest that this turn of events shows that God is kind even to those who spend their lives fighting against him .
How does that make sense ?
And how does my suggestion show any compassion ?
I ’ll explain in a moment .
But first , Hitchens ’ announcement :
“ I have been advised by my physician that I must undergo a course of chemotherapy on my esophagus , ” Hitchens , 61 , said .
“ This advice seems persuasive to me .
I regret having had to cancel so many engagements at such short notice . ”
In response , I would like to extend my heartfelt empathy to Hitchens .
Whatever his ( or your ) thoughts on the afterlife ( or lack thereof ) , chemotherapy is no fun , and he 's facing a rough road ahead .
Almost no one is exempt from troubles in this life .
Christopher Hitchens would probably hate me for saying this ( or merely pity me for being a deluded rube ) , but I ’d like to ask believers to pray for him .
Interestingly , Hitchens ' brother , Peter Hitchens , two months ago published a rebuttal to Christopher Hitchens ' long - held denial of God .
A former atheist and recently converted Christian , Peter Hitchens has released " The Rage Against God : How Atheism Led Me to Faith . "
Would n’t you like to listen in on those family discussions ?
But to our question : how can cancer be an example of God 's grace to this suddenly stricken intellectual , who has made a career of arguing the case for atheism ?
A cancer which God did n't " give , " but certainly permitted .
The short answer is this : if God really wanted to " get " Hitchens , God would just ignore the man , and let him go his blissful way , unchallenged , to a peaceful death .
At which point Hitchens would stand , face - to - face and unreconciled , with that very God .
Of course , Hitchens does n’t believe a word of that scenario I just outlined .
He might explain that he is , after all , a heavy smoker .
And in his 2008 book , “ god is not Great , ” Hitchens goes to exceptional lengths to explain why he rejects theistic belief .
Now , Hitchens , who also writes on other topics , is a smart guy .
In addition to writing books , he is a contributing editor for Atlantic magazine and a columnist for Vanity Fair .
Unfortunately , a lot of Hitchens ' non-belief has a whiff of the village atheist about it .
First off , there 's the title of his best - known anti-God book : " god is not Great : How Religion Poisons Everything . "
Why the little " g " for God ?
It 's his name , after all , and we capitalize proper names .
The little " g " feels like the gratuitous disrespect rebellious small children are fond of .
And does religion really poison … everything ?
For example , I ’m not really fond of rock music , but even that is not all bad .
As with many atheists , Hitchens ’ non-belief got its start in childhood , when he heard a religious person say something that , even to a child , came across as dumb .
With Hitchens ’s mentor , it was something about the color of the sky and human eyeballs .
For me , there ’s something inane about an adult beginning to base their adult worldview on something wacko recalled from childhood .
But now , let 's talk , one grownup to another .
To illustrate why Hitchens ’ getting cancer is an example of God ’s grace , let me point to an example from the movies , a mafia movie .
The example is fiction , but well - known , and similar circumstances are played out in real life every day .
The aged Don Corleone , the godfather , is playing in the garden with his grandchild .
After a life at the head of a criminal enterprise , he is a survivor , basking in the sun with family at the end of a long and happy life .
Suddenly , he keels over , and the frolicking toddler is unaware that the grandfather has just died .
I ’ll wager that the director was making a comment that this man ’s life , wicked by some estimates , ended well .
After all , the Don did n’t really “ pay ” for his alleged sins .
But from a biblical perspective , that quiet death is the very worst thing that could happen to the Don .
He has slipped into eternity unreconciled to God .
It is a cliché that there are no atheists in foxholes -- or in cancer wards .
It is a cliché because , human nature being what it is , there is a lot of truth to it .
People do tend to wait until they are in big trouble ( foxholes ) or until the last minute ( cancer wards ) before they get serious about spiritual , end - of - life , matters .
But better to suffer for a season now , as a prod to get serious , than to go the way of Don Corleone .
Atheism is a fun game ( and profitable , too ) when you ’re healthy , because there are no really serious consequences .
No so when you might be terminally ill , because then you ’re about to make an eternal bet .
Hitchens is a talented and creative writer .
But I suspect that it is precisely his talent and creativity – and his awareness of his talent – that may make it especially difficult for him to fess up : maybe there is a God .
( Of course , I do n’t know that he will “ fess up . ” )
After all , how cliché would it be for Hitchens , a lifelong atheist , to undergo a " deathbed " conversion .
Please !
That 's a late - night television movie plot .
It would be a huge blow to Hitchens ’ ego ( as it is to any ego ) to admit that he ’s been wrong these many years .
But Hitchens ’ rebellion against God has been so public that God may require a very public humbling .
But maybe
God is doing it this way because he desires that Hitchens give up his " god , " that is , Hitchens ' pride in being different from the run - of - the - mill mortal .
Maybe
God is doing it this way so that Hitchens can encounter the God he has been denying for so long , before eternity sets in .
Why no jail time for Wall Street
FORTUNE --
The financial crisis wiped out almost $ 7 trillion in stock market value in 2008 .
It destroyed iconic American companies like AIG ( AIG , Fortune 500 ) , Bear Stearns , Lehman Brothers , and nearly broke GM , costing tens of thousands of workers their jobs .
It pushed millions out of their homes .
And that 's just in the U.S. -- forget the fallout still raining down on Europe and the rest of the globe .
So where are the jail terms , or at least the perp walks , for those who oversaw it all ?
Cue the crickets .
" Nowadays we have zero indictments and arrests at the senior ranks , " bemoans Bill Black , a law professor at the University of Missouri at Kansas City .
" Fundamentally , what 's happened is the regulators have deserted the process .
They are completely out to lunch . "
Black should know .
During the savings - and - loan crisis he served in the Office of Thrift Supervision , where he helped bring more than 1,000 criminal convictions for top level officials .
Remember seeing Charles Keating Jr. and Michael Milken dragged off to jail ?
That was , in part , his handiwork .
Things are different these days , for a lot of reasons .
After 9/11 , about 500 of the FBI 's best white - collar - crime specialists were transferred to focus on national security matters .
( That call makes sense ; why those resources were never replaced does not . )
Plus , the cases are notoriously difficult to win , and the government has suffered some high - profile losses in recent years .
Think of the Securities and Exchange Commission 's case against HealthSouth ( HLS ) founder Richard Scrushy .
He was acquitted on all 36 counts brought against him , despite having five former CFOs testify that he not only knew about accounting fraud at the company but urged them all to inflate earnings .
Scrushy 's defense ( in so many words ) :
He had the misfortune of hiring five crooked , book - cooking CFOs in a row .
" When you 've got people caught dead to rights and they still get off , this scares the hell out of the prosecutors , " says Black .
That 's probably why prosecutors are ignoring what should be a powerful weapon in their arsenal : Sarbanes - Oxley .
The Scrushy case was a big black eye for Sarbox -- it was the first case brought against a CEO under the 2002 law .
But investor Jim Chanos , who spotted the problems at Enron long before the rest of the market , says the government is missing a huge opportunity .
" I 'm rather stunned that with all the effort that went into enacting Sarbox , specifically for these types of financial crimes , that not one major case using its provisions has been brought in connection with the crisis , " he says .
Sarbox requires every public company 's CEO and CFO to sign off on the accuracy of their accounting statements , and it provides criminal penalties for " knowingly or willfully " providing false certifications .
And it 's incredibly relevant today , because many of the biggest failures during the financial crisis involved financial shenanigans .
Take Lehman Brothers .
We now know that Lehman was dressing up its books using a fancy accounting trick called " Repo 105 " transactions ; essentially , those transactions kept billions of dollars of debt off its balance sheet and allegedly helped the firm look far healthier than it was .
Former Lehman CEO Dick
Fuld now says he knew nothing about the transactions .
Granted , it might be difficult to prove he did .
The government has succeeded in winning some cases in the past .
Ken Lay , the former chairman and CEO at Enron , died just a few months before he was scheduled to show up for sentencing of up to 30 years .
Former Enron President Jeffrey Skilling and former Tyco CEO Dennis Kozlowski are both still sitting in prison , as are Adelphia 's John and Tim Rigas .
And many of the situations from the most recent crisis seem worthy of pursuit .
Besides , the risks of not pursuing these cases are just too great .
" If you can steal from your shareholders and you do n't go after those people , you set up a level of cynicism among the general population that is disconcerting , " says Chanos .
" It raises the specter of crony capitalism and two different sets of laws for the wealthy and the not so well - to - do . "
" Disconcerting " may be an understatement .
Already populist anger on Main Street is boiling over , and no wonder .
As long as prosecutors continue to look at such white - collar crime as too difficult or too unrewarding to tackle , you can expect the mercury to just keep rising .
-- Becky Quick is an anchor on CNBC's Squawk Box .
A 14 - year - old girl has been given permission by a Dutch court to try to become the youngest person to sail around the world .
Laura Dekker had been under state supervision since October last year after her mother objected to the plan .
She must now complete the two - year trip before she turns 17 in September 2012 to break the record .
Jonathan Twigg reports .
Scheme software is required to run the .scm files in this section .
This calendar shows the weekly schedule for the course , which usually includes three lecture and group problem solving sessions per week .
This calendar provides links to course notes , problem sets , and other relevant resources .
These materials are also provided separately in the readings , assignments , and tools sections of this course .
Week 1
Wednesday ( First day of class )
Course overview ; no notes
Week 2
Readings
Notes 1 : Proving Arithmetic Equations , pp. 1 –6 ( PDF )
Assignments
Due at the end of Week 2 : Download Scheme Download Scheme Continuation Interpreter project ( Project 3 from 6.001 Fall ' 02 ) and submit solutions to Problems 11 , 12 and 13 A description of continuations ( PDF ) Project 3 description ( PDF ) Project 3 code c-eval.scm ( SCM ) desugar.scm ( SCM ) meval.scm ( Optional ) ( SCM )
Monday
Diagnostic Questionnaire ( PDF ) and Solutions ( PDF )
Wednesday
Problems on arithmetic equations
Friday
Problems on implementing catch / throw with call - cc
Week 3
Readings
Notes 1 : Proving Arithmetic Equations , final sections ( PDF )
Wednesday
Procedure to check a linear proof and convert between linear and tree proofs
Friday
Exercise : Convert a tree proof to a substitution proof ( PDF )
Scheme code ( SCM ) for the conversion
Arithmetic inequalities
Pattern matcher match.scm ( SCM )
Week 4
Readings
Pattern matcher match.scm ( SCM )
Pattern - match based procedure proof - match.scm ( SCM ) for converting a sequence - of - equations proof into a tree proof
Notes 2 : Substitution into Arithmetic Expressions ( PDF )
Also , from last week , see Scheme code for converting a tree proof to a substitution proof ( SCM )
Monday
Structural induction proof of the Substitution Lemma and Soundness of Substitution Proofs ( see Notes 2 : Substitution into Arithmetic Expressions ( PDF ) )
Intro to pattern matching , with pattern - match based procedure proof - match.scm ( SCM ) for converting a sequence - of - equations proof into a tree proof
Wednesday
Review of Notes 2 : Substitution into Arithmetic Expressions ( PDF )
Problem for Friday :
We extend Arithmetic Expressions with another case called an application
" Doctor " program using unnested matching eliza.scm ( SCM )
Friday
Discussion of using match / rewrite rules to put arithmetic expressions ( possibly extended with applications and a derivative operator ) into canonical form .
An example is in deriv- simplify - rules.scm ( SCM ) ; this version uses the alphabetized sum - of - monomials canonical form rather than the one - variable - polynomial - with - polynomial - coefficients canonical form of the Notes
Intro to Scheme Substitution Model
Week 5
Readings
Notes 3 : A Scheme Substitution Model , Sections 1 –6 ( pp. 1 –14 ) ( PDF )
Skim the scheme programs implementing the Scheme Substitution Model
Monday
Bring your laptop loaded with the files for running the Substitution Model
Observe the submodel running on expressions in test - submodel.scm ( SCM )
Wednesday
Discussion of control contexts in the Substitution Model
Friday
Further example file for Substitution Model evaluation politician.scm ( SCM )
Week 6
Readings
Notes 4 : Term Models ( PDF )
Assignments
Due on Monday of Week 7 : Problems 1 –3 in Notes 4 : Term Models ( PDF )
Monday
Trivial decision procedure :
Two terms are equal in all models iff they are identical
Proving it : Introduction to term models
Wednesday
Equational completeness theorem :
If an equation follows logical from a set of equations , then the equation is provable using standard rules starting with the set of equations as axioms .
Outline of proof using a term model
Friday
Introduction to simple types
Week 7
Monday
Environment models for simple types
Wednesday
Combinator formulation of environment models
Friday
Term models for simple types
Week 8
Assignments
Due on Monday of Week 10 : Problem Set 1 ( PDF )
Monday
Compiling Scheme to register machines with a memory array
Wednesday
Reducing RegM's with a memory array to 2 - Counter machines
Friday
Semigroup word problems : Rewrite rules for 2 - CM simulation
Week 9
Monday
Semigroup word problems : Confluence implies equations capture one - way rewrite rules for 2 - CM simulation
Diamond Lemma for confluence
Week 10
Assignments
Due at the end of Week 10 : Problem 18 from Notes 5 : Scheme Computability , Part I ( PDF )
Monday
Computability on S - expressions
Wednesday
Notes 5 : Scheme Computability , Part I ( PDF )
Friday
Proof that productivity inherits up many - one reducibility ( ≦ m ) .
Further properties of ≦ m
Week 11
Wednesday
Notes 7 : Counter Machines ( PDF )
Notes 8 : Semigroup Word Problems ( PDF )
Notes 9 : 1st - order Theory of Concatenation ( PDF )
Friday
Notes 3 : Scheme Substitution Model ( PDF )
Notes 5 : Scheme Computability , Part I ( PDF )
Notes 6 : Scheme Computability , Part II ( PDF )
Week 12
Assignments
Due on Wednesday of Week 13 : Final Problem Set , 6 of these 10 problem : Notes 3 : Scheme Substitution Model ( PDF ) , Problems 2 , 13 ( which is more appropriately a term project ( PDF ) ) , 14 Notes 5 : Scheme Computability , Part I ( PDF ) , Problem 21 – not Problem 22 ; Problem 22 can be a term project ( PDF ) Notes 6 : Scheme Computability , Part II ( PDF ) , Problems 1 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 , 9
Monday
Course projects ( PDF )
Wednesday
Halting Problem for 2 - Counter Machines
≤ m Th(∑* , ·)
≤ m Th( {1,2}* , ·)
≤ m Th( N , + , × , ≦ )
≡ m Th( Z , + , - , × , ≦ ) ,
where Th ( M ) denotes the 1st - order formulas valid in model M
Friday
Complete proof that [ 2 - CM Halting Problem ≤ m Th ( ∑* , · ) ]
Th( ∑* , · ) ]
Observe that Halts reduces to the set of closed formulas of the form ∃z .
G where all quantifiers in G range over subwords of z
Week 13
Assignments
Due at the beginning of this week : Course project ( PDF ) proposals
Monday
Topic : Diophantine sets over the integers and naturals ; closure under intersection .
Primes ≠ range ( g ) for any polynomial , g
Wednesday
MIN Scheme ≡ T Halts .
Sketch of relative computability :
The jump operation
Friday
Diophantine Predicates closed under ∧ , ∨ , ∃ , but not ¬ ( negation )
A Diophantine polynomial whose nonnegative range is the nonprimes
Week 14
Assignments
Due at the end of this week :
Term project ( PDF )
Monday
Excerpt : pp. 174–181 on Undecidability of Exponential Diophantine Polynomials , from Jones , Neil D. " Computability and Complexity : from a Programming Perspective , " MIT Press , c. 1997 , 466 pp .
Wednesday ( Last class )
Farhad Billimoria shows you the way to Freedom , Family , Hope & Reward .
Leadership & Internet Marketing Strategist - WorldiMart | WizdomOfAges | Nutrilite Health , Artistry Beauty
On Thursday night , as she prepared to appear on the Monday morning shows , Lorenzana recalled that her supervisors obsessed over what she was wearing , “ saying things are too tight , you cannot wear turtlenecks .
Well , guess what ?
When you say my pants are too tight when they ’re not , then you must have been staring at me .
Image Credit ... Fred R. Conrad / The New York Times
“ The reality is , I ’m a size 32 DD .
I ’m very skinny , and then I have curves .
So , of course , on my body , the turtleneck is going to make it more noticeable .
But I ’m not showing cleavage .
We wear jackets . ”
She said a co-worker who shopped with her and bought the same styles and designer brands never got in trouble , and neither did some tellers who wore low - cut tops , snug pants and hot boots .
“ I said , ‘ You are discriminating to me , because of my body type , ’ “ she said with a slight accent and a breathy voice .
“ This is genetic .
What am I supposed to do ? ”
Citigroup did n’t return calls for comment on Friday .
Lorenzana ’s lawsuit says that her bosses told her that her female colleagues could wear what they liked because their “ general unattractiveness rendered moot their sartorial choices . ”
Her well - tailored clothes , on the other hand , emphasized what her lawyer calls her “ hourglass figure . ”
This case has caused such fascination because usually it ’s the other way around .
Attractive professors get better evaluations from their students , according to one study .
A 2005 analysis by the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis confirmed what seems apparent , from presidential races to executive boardrooms : Good - looking people and tall people get a “ beauty premium ” — an extra 5 percent an hour — while there is a “ plainness penalty ” of 9 percent in wages .
It 's been a year since India decriminalised homosexuality .
Well , at least for now .
Because pending in the supreme court is a petition , challenging last year 's decriminalisation , that was lodged and supported by various religious groups across the country – for some reason , homosexuality has the power to unite Hindus , Christians , Muslims , Sikhs and even yoga teachers .
The BBC seems to believe that things are changing already , as a few clubs in the capital , once reluctant to open their doors to gay men and women , are now hosting gay nights twice a week in order to attract the " pink rupee " .
Curiously , apart from the event organiser , no one offered themselves to be filmed by the BBC .
Equally , the BBC failed to mention that while police interference has , in terms of anecdotal evidence , come down , reports of hate crimes have increased .
A few months ago , a respected professor at an Islamic university was secretly filmed having gay sex ; within a week he was first suspended , and then found dead at his apartment .
His partner , reportedly hounded by the police , attempted self - immolation .
So , how far have things changed and how promising are the signs ?
I suggest we look at the media , which provides a rough indicator of what it perceives as the sociopolitical climate of the times .
In the UK , for example , homosexuality was decriminalised in 1967 , and in the early 1980s elsewhere .
The film industry had been bold in exploring homosexuality well before the decriminalisation happened , in films such as The Leather Boys , but , after 1967 , several films that explicitly dealt with homosexuality , such as Staircase and The Naked Civil Servant , made it through to the public cinemas .
Television was less keen to follow .
In fact , a gay kiss in EastEnders , as late as 1987 , prompted real outrage from the tabloids and viewers alike .
And only a few days ago , Stonewall criticised television 's coverage of gay people , calling for more positive gay characters on primetime television .
In India , where censorship is very active , particularly on religious grounds ( it was the first country in the world to ban Satanic Verses ) things look divided .
On the one hand , India 's answer to Brokeback Mountain is surrounded by much hype – and even a supposedly conservative Tamil film industry , after historically portraying of gay men as psychopaths and murderers , had one positive depiction of a gay couple in a recent film called Goa .
On the other , in a country composed of dozens of states divided by language and individual cultures , most local media have sealed their lips when it comes to sexual plurality .
Decriminalisation ?
What decriminalisation ?
Homosexuality ?
What is homosexuality ?
The growing middle class in major cities across India has brought with it several imports , such as HBO and Murdoch - owned Star , straight to the average television set .
You would think that such western imports would champion any depiction of homosexuality on television , right ?
Or at least have fewer qualms about doing so ?
Not exactly .
So what if they censor a gay kiss , on the grounds that a nebulous rule forbids any obscenity on television ?
Nothing , except that HBO has gone one step further .
The word " gay " is censored every time it is uttered in a film , even a film with an overtly gay theme such as Angels in America .
Even more , it transcribes the dialogue in the film into accessible subtitles , and guess what , " I am gay " becomes a more profound , more philosophical , " I am … " .
René Descartes would be proud .
With the exception of a few news organisations , most other television channels follow suit .
Which is to say , for hundreds of television channels across the country , homosexuality still does n't exist .
What VS Naipaul rightly described as a political , moral , quagmire , and the denial that it entails , still reigns supreme .
Those of us who live in the UK know that the political landscape when it comes to homosexuality changed significantly only with the arrival of New Labour in 1997 .
For all their faults , Labour demonstrated political will when it comes to equality for sexual minorities .
The media ( the conservative press notwithstanding ) , bold but hesitant until then , operated more freely under the new political climate .
That 's what is sorely lacking in India .
Since decriminalisation , the political parties have been abnormally quiet about the issue .
The religiously inclined politicians obviously think it the end of humanity .
But , the rest , even when pressed , do n't want to get involved .
It is , truly , political suicide .
And it would be in a country where 98 % of the country considers itself religious , and where religion dominates almost every facet of social and political life .
But , until the political establishment is prepared to talk openly about sexual plurality , any hope harboured for a significant change within a short space of time is surely misplaced .
Is it any wonder then , even for channels like HBO , " gay " is a swear word , akin to " fuck " , or " slut " that still deserves to be censored ?
6:16 pm
Friends of the Earth
Cap on Oil Well Does n’t End Story
5:18 pm
Environmental Working Group ( EWG )
Chemical Agriculture Group Says , Shut Up and Eat Your Pesticides
4:54 pm
World Wildlife Fund ( WWF )
Last Month Was Hottest June on Record , Raising Urgency of Passing Climate Legislation , Says WWF
4:53 pm
Public Citizen
Congress Passes Financial Reform , Consumer Protections ; Much More Must Be Done to Rein in Wall Street
4:51 pm
Conservation Groups
Groups to Obama : Cut Livestock Subsidy to Fix Agency Budgets
4:26 pm
Committee to Protect Journalists
CPJ Calls for Immediate Release of Tunisian Journalist
4:15 pm
ACLU
Judge Rules CIA Can Suppress Information About Torture Tapes and Memos
3:08 pm
National Whistleblowers Center
Congress Passes Major Whistleblower Protections as Part of Wall Street Reform Bill
3:06 pm
Center for Economic and Policy Research ( CEPR )
Statement on Wall Street Reform Bill
Ricky Gervais on Being an Atheist
Well known entertainer , and creator of the original “ Office ” series speaks out on Atheism :
Players of online fantasy games like World of Warcraft love to anonymously inhabit shamans , mages and other characters .
But theyd rather not reveal their real identities , as evidenced by an uproar this week over a plan by Blizzard Entertainment , the creator of World of Warcraft .
On Tuesday , Blizzard announced that it will begin forcing participants in its game discussion forums -- where players go to gab about World of Warcraft and other games -- to post comments using their real first and last names .
The change will go into effect ...
Brazil are out .
A dominant first half , a shocking second half – Holland took advantage of their defensive mistakes to record a famous victory .
We know the starting line - ups both managers like to field , because both give their first XIs the numbers 1 - 11 .
In this match , however , injury to Elano and Joris Mathijsen meant we saw both No 13s from the start – Daniel Alves played on the right of midfield , whilst Andre Ooijer was a late change after Mathijsen was injured in the warm -up .
The game started at a slow tempo , with Brazil dominating possession of the ball and Holland struggling to cope with their movement .
As outlined in the preview , the biggest problem when facing Brazil is the positioning of the two wide players .
Holland dealt with Alves by getting Giovani van Bronckhorst very tight to him at all times .
With Alves drifting into deep and central positions , this created a huge hole in Holland ’s left - back position .
Maicon was the man to exploit this , and although Dirk Kuyt did a decent defensive job against him , sometimes it just was n’t possible – few can keep up with Maicon over a 60 yard sprint .
How did they deal with Robinho ?
Well , they did n’t , hence the amount of time and space he got for Brazil ’s opener .
The problem throughout the half stemmed from the lack of defensive awareness of Arjen Robben , who showed no desire in tracking Michel Bastos ’ runs into the final third .
This meant that Gregory van der Wiel was too concerned with Bastos , Kaka and Luis Fabiano were troubling the centre - backs , and Robinho was left free far too often .
A misunderstanding between van der Wiel and Robben seemed to left him go , and his out - to - in run from the left met Melo ’s straight pass wonderfully .
Holland problems
In truth , Holland were awful in the first half ; there were problems with all four of their attacking players .
Kuyt was forced back by Maicon , and was up against the world ’s best two right - backs .
Wesley Sneijder was also tending to drift into that zone , and Brazil passed him between Gilberto and Alves with ease – he rarely got the ball in the final third .
Robben was ponderous and predictable on the ball , always looking to come inside and running into traffic , as Melo doubled - up against him , and others quickly followed .
Robin van Persie , meanwhile , was up against two centre - backs and had very little support , making it difficult for him to influence the game .
That said , Holland were playing the game reasonably well in terms of overall strategy .
They were not chucking men forward to try and create overloads , they were instead holding their defensive shape and making it difficult for Brazil to counter .
Brazil only constructed one good move after the goal – a wonderful sweeping attack involving the Kaka - Robinho - Fabiano triangle that ended with Kaka curling the ball towards goal – Maarten Stekelenburg produced a good save .
Second half switches
So what change after half - time for Holland ?
In terms of basic formation , absolutely nothing .
But they were noticeably brighter , playing at a quicker tempo and with much more movement and interchanging of positions .
There seemed to be a concious effort to practically give up on attacking the side where Brazil had Maicon - Alves - Gilberto - Lucio , and instead target the side with Juan - Bastos - Melo – often identified as Brazil ’s weak point ( although they did well against Chile ) .
This meant that Robben was involved in build - up play much more than in the first half , and although he produced little in the way of goalscoring opportunities , he stretched the play and drew fouls from Bastos .
Indeed , the Lyon player was lucky not to be sent - off for his succession of poor tackles , and the final offence resulted in the free - kick for Holland ’s equaliser .
Uually , Holland form a triangle on their left - hand side with van Persie , Sneijder and Kuyt / van der Vaart , but this was disbanded after half - time .
Instead , van Persie started to work the right - hand channel , Kuyt made very central runs , whilst Sneijder stayed in the middle rather than drifting to the left .
Still at 0 - 1 , he found himself in acres of space on the edge of the box when Brazil ’s players had been sucked into their left - back position , but his first touch was poor , and his shot even worse .
Basic goals conceded
Bastos ’ foul on Robben gave Brazil a free - kick , which they worked short to Sneijder , who was not closed down by Bastos , and had time to swing a cross into the box .
Confusion between Julio Cesar and Melo resulted in the ball brushing Melo ’s head and sailing into the far corner , and Holland were level .
A Julio Cesar mistake is rare , but not as unprecedented as some are making out – earlier this year he was looking slightly shaky , and in a Serie A match away at Fiorentina , ZM noted , ‘ Fiorentina equalized just two minutes later with a scrappy goal from a corner kick .
Julio Cesar had been troubled by crosses and set - pieces all day and again looked uncomfortable . ’
The goal completely changed the game – Holland looked more composed , more confident and more relaxed .
They won a cheap corner , again in Brazil ’s left - back zone – Robben played it in , Kuyt darted ahead of Fabiano at the near post to get a flick - on , and Sneijder headed in from the edge of the six - yard box .
Brazil have become renowned for their excellent defending of set - pieces , and so for them to exit the competition because of a goal like this will be the most difficult thing for Dunga to accept .
Indiscipline costs Brazil
Holland were pressing much better in the second half , giving Gilberto and Melo little time on the ball , and frustrating Brazil overall .
Melo ’s personal frustration got the better of him , and his petulant stamp on Robben earned him a deserved red card .
Melo ’s disciplinary record is atrocious and he continually lets his side down in this respect .
Few Brazil players can expect a warm reception when they return home , but bowing out of the tournament with a red card and an own goal means the most vilified player will surely be the Juventus player .
His departure was another lift for Holland .
Dunga tried to change things by putting on Nilmar – but withdrew Fabiano .
Why did he give up on his system ?
The entire shape is based around a central target man , and whilst Fabiano clearly was n’t having his best game , this was when Brazil needed him on the pitch .
The numerical disadvantage meant they started hitting long balls , which Robinho and Nilmar were never going to win , and their biggest threat came from corner kicks , where Fabiano also would have been useful .
The closest they got to scoring was when Kaka ’s run and shot was blocked by Ooijer , who grew into the game and had a good second half .
But Brazil looked lost – they ’re not used to chasing games , and their low - tempo , counter - attacking style did n’t lend itself to a desperate late fightback .
Conclusion
Two things cost Brazil – discipline and defending set - pieces .
The former was a problem in giving away too many free - kicks , and more obviously in Melo ’s red card .
The latter , a hallmark of the ‘ unBrazilian ’ thing Dunga ’s Brazil supposedly did well , was crucial .
And if you concede goals , end up trailing , and play a style of football like this , it ’s not easy to get back into the game .
Brazil ’s lack of flair has been criticized before the tournament , and will doubtless be criticized after this defeat .
We have seen , however , some wonderful moves from Brazil earlier on in this competition – the problem is that their attacking flair relies on defensive solidarity .
That was n’t evident today , and cost Brazil going forward .
Credit must go to Bert van Marwijk for a change of emphasis after half - time , both in terms of Holland ’s defending ( heavier pressing ) and attacking ( focussing it down the right ) .
It was n’t a drastic change in formation or personnel , but it effectively ( a ) nullified Brazil ’s strengths and ( b ) exploited their weaknesses – good tactics if you ’re the underdog .
Related articles on Zonal Marking :
In Burma , families adorn their front doors with fish .
Oh Christmas , parents stuff the fish with candied nuts , and the children wear them as necklaces .
In Catalonia , familes keep a log with a face painted on it in their home .
On Christmas , the family beats the log with sticks , singing a song asking the log to poop candy .
In Bermuda , children make kites which are flown on Christmas .
During flight , the kites are set ablaze , and the child whose kite burn brightest gets a loquat jam cake .
Whoops , two of these are made up .
One of them is completely real .
Washington ( CNN ) --
The Pentagon denied Thursday it has approved sending the aircraft carrier USS George Washington to the Yellow Sea off the Korean Peninsula , where North Korea allegedly sank a South Korean warship in March .
Two U.S. military officials said U.S. Forces Korea was expected to make the announcement Thursday .
The officials declined to speak on the record because the announcement had not been made .
But Pentagon spokesman Geoff Morrell told CNN , " No carriers are going anywhere near there anytime soon . "
However , the military officials are planning for the deployment and said they expect it to be announced .
Defense Secretary Robert Gates said Thursday he was not aware of a plan to send the carrier to waters off South Korea .
The U.S. military is conducting exercises with the South Koreans , and some additional exercises are under discussion , Gates said , but no decisions have been made .
The carrier deployment would come as the U.S. Navy and Republic of Korea warships are scheduled to conduct a joint naval exercise that the two nations vowed to undertake in response to the alleged North Korean attack on the South Korean ship .
It 's not clear to what extent the aircraft carrier will be part of that exercise .
The carrier is expected to be accompanied by a U.S. destroyer and submarine , the officials said .
The U.S. ships plan to conduct exercises separate from those previously announced .
But the move is considered to be sending a signal to North Korea about the U.S. commitment to defending South Korea .
The Navy sent a carrier to the Yellow Sea last year for exercises , considered an unusual move because it had been several years since that had happened , one of the officials said .
North Korea is blamed for a torpedo attack on a South Korean navy vessel , the Cheonan .
Forty - six sailors were killed .
Despite his turtle - like appearance and seeming Ambien - induced demeanor , Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell can tell a gripping tale .
And yesterday on the Senate floor , he told some tall ones .
Republicans , it turns out , supported unemployment benefits for the victims of the Bush recession all along .
And just days after he joined the Republican Tax Cut Fairies by laughably claiming " There 's no evidence whatsoever that the Bush tax cuts actually diminished revenue , " Mitch McConnell blamed Democrats for the flood of red ink that windfall for the wealthy actually produced
Ignoring the claims of his GOP colleagues including Jon Kyl and Judd Gregg ( not to mention Rand Paul and Sharron Angle ) that jobless benefits are a " disincentive for them to seek new work " which leads those without work " to stay on unemployment " or just " sit there , " McConnell insisted :
" Everyone agrees we should help people struggling to get back on their feet and keep food on the table … .
Republicans support extending benefits to the unemployed … There 's no debate in the Senate about whether to pass a bill .
Everyone agrees that we should . "
Then , in a classic example of the pot calling the kettle black , Senator McConnell blamed President Obama for the mushrooming national debt George W. Bush and his Republican enablers in Congress helped produce :
" If Republicans have done anything wrong in this debate , it was to underestimate how committed Democrats are to spending money we do n't have …
The President likes to point out that Congress has added to the debt in years past .
What he does n't mention is that we were n’t in the middle of debt crisis then .
We were n’t be lectured by the French about the need to cut back on our spending .
People were n't rioting in Greece .
And we did n't have a President who came into office with a list of legislative priorities that would double the national debt in five years and triple it in ten . "
That the national debt tripled under Ronald Reagan and doubled again under George W. Bush long ago gave lie to the myth of Republican fiscal discipline .
As it turns out , of course , the Bush tax cuts did n't come anywhere close to paying for themselves .
And making them permanent is the very worst thing the so - called deficit hawks could do to reduce the U.S. debt .
As Ezra Klein pointed out , the Congressional Budget Office ( CBO ) estimated that the 2001 Bush tax cuts " increased the deficit by $ 539 billion in 2005 . "
The Center on Budget and Policy Priorities similarly found that the Bush tax cuts accounted for almost half the deficits during his tenure .
If the Bush tax cuts are made permanent beginning next year , as Mitch McConnell and his Republican Party demand , the fiscal devastation will be multiplied .
A budget calculator from the Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget put the price tag at $ 3.28 trillion between 2011 and 2018 .
And as another recent CBPP analysis revealed , over the next 10 years , the Bush tax cuts if made permanent will contribute more to the U.S. budget deficit than the Obama stimulus , the TARP program , the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq , and revenue lost to the recession - combined .
They say a picture is worth a thousand words .
( There are three thousand more here , here and here ) :
Mitch McConnell 's grandstanding notwithstanding , the GOP was never serious about extending the unemployment benefits for suffering Americans .
After all , they could have paid for it by simply reinstating the estate tax for multi-millionaires the GOP let expire for this year .
Regardless , given the current economic crisis , John McCain 's 2008 economic adviser Mark Zandi repeatedly insisted not only that unemployment benefits provide " the biggest bang for the buck , " but that " it would be counterproductive to try and offset it this year or the next . "
As for Mitch McConnell and the new Republican alchemists who believe tax cuts magically turn the government 's revenue losses into gains , the chairman of George W. Bush 's Council of Economic Advisers Gregory Mankiw was incredulous .
" I did not find such a claim credible , based on the available evidence .
I never have , and I still do n't . "
Those making it , he insisted , are " charlatans and cranks . "
Now , McConnell 's Republican tax cut fallacy is being accompanied by a new GOP talking point .
The looming expiration of the Bush tax cuts which the GOP voted for and Dubya signed is a " Democratic tax hike . "
The Leet World is a reality show set in Counter - Strike : Source that places CT ’s and T ’s against one another in order to determine who is the best !
Now that the first challenge has come and gone , each of the teams is getting to go on vacation to beautiful Italy !
Unfortunately , it turns out that each [… ]
Police have charged a 15 - year - old boy over the murder of Indian student Nitin Garg in Melbourne earlier this year .
The 21 - year - old was stabbed in a park at Footscray West in January as he walked to work at a fast food restaurant .
His murder sparked outrage in India and raised concerns the attack was racially motivated .
Police questioned the 15 - year - old after arresting him this morning .
He has been charged with one count of murder and will face the Children 's Court later today .
Police have refused to speculate on a motive for the attack , but do not believe it was racially motivated or gang related .
Police says they have spoken to several other people in relation to the incident and the investigation is continuing .
US Cash for Israeli Settlements Making a Mockery of the Moratorium
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu may have declared a freeze on new settlements , but construction is continuing in the West Bank and East Jerusalem .
Settlers are receiving contributions from American foundations that enjoy tax breaks , including Christian groups that see Biblical prophecies being fulfilled .
If you are one of them who are suffering from erectile dysfunction , then it is always beneficial for you , especially if you got married recently . …
Teenage round - the - world solo sailor Abby Sunderland has been found alive and in good health stranded in the Indian Ocean .
Crew on a Qantas plane made contact with the 16 - year - old , who was in trouble in rough seas .
The American adventurer activated two distress signals last night and an international rescue operation was launched involving Australian and French authorities .
A spokesman for Qantas says an Airbus aircraft found the teenage sailor in an area about 2,000 nautical miles off the West Australian coast .
Abby 's father , Laurence Sunderland , has told ABC Local 702 Sydney the search and rescue vessel has made contact with the 16 - year - old .
" They 've verified she 's not injured .
The boat is not upside down , " Mr Sunderland said .
" They made contact with her by VHF radio from the aeroplane down to her .
" We 've got our Abigail back .
Probably the best news we at home base could have wished for .
We are ecstatic . "
Mr Sunderland says his daughter 's quest to sail around the world in her Wild Eyes yacht is over .
" She 'll be back .
I do n't know how she 'll be routed back to us here or where we 'll go to meet her , but knowing that she 's alive and well means far more to me than any sailing record , " he said .
A Qantas spokesman says the Airbus crew is establishing coordinates so boats on their way to rescue the teenager will know her position .
The Australian Maritime Safety Authority ( AMSA ) says the first boat due at the rescue site is not expected to arrive until mid-afternoon tomorrow .
Conditions are abating in the area after earlier offering 90 kilometre per hour winds and a six - metre swell .
AMSA spokesman Mick Kinley coordinated the search and says the young sailor is in a good condition .
But he says the same cannot be said of her yacht .
" The visuals and the report is that she 's been dismasted , the rigging 's over the side and in the water , " he said .
" But otherwise it sounds she reports it 's not taking on water , so we 're in a much better place than we were this morning . "
Mr Kinley says a nearby French ship is likely to be first on the scene tomorrow .
Melbourne sailor Jesse Martin , who once held the record as the youngest person to sail the world solo , has welcomed the development .
" Now it 's just a matter of staying on the boat , staying with the boat , keeping warm , " he said .
" Hopefully she can still light her stove and keep the boat warm and cheerful .
" But I imagine from her point of view , the fact that someone has flown over and talked to her would put a lot of her worries to rest , so now it 's just waiting until someone can get there . "
' Badly planned '
Earlier , the man who fitted out Jessica Watson 's yacht said Sunderland 's boat was not designed for a solo trip around the world .
Veteran yachtsman Marty Still said the boat was built for speed and it is difficult for it to be sailed by one person .
" They 're not really designed for general purpose sailing .
I think there is a compromise for safety when they are sailed single - handed , " he said .
Clean Up Australia founder Ian Kiernan is also an experienced sailor and held the Australian record for solo circumnavigation of the world .
He said Sunderland 's trip was badly planned .
" I do n't know what she 's doing in the Southern Ocean as a 16 - year - old in the middle of winter , it 's just , it 's foolhardy , " he said .
Prime Minister John Key apologised to the visiting Chinese delegation after Green Party co-leader Russel Norman 's free Tibet protest at Parliament on Friday , it was reported today .
Dr Norman waved a Tibetan flag and called for democracy as Chinese vice - president Xi Jinping 's delegation arrived at Parliament .
A scuffle broke out as a member of the delegation tried to cover Dr Norman with an umbrella and he was pushed before having his flag pulled off him .
Dr Norman managed to retrieve the flag and loudly remind delegates they could not suppress freedom of speech in New Zealand , but said he was shocked at the response he got .
He complained to police , who said there was not enough evidence to substantiate his complaint .
Mr Xi then avoided other outings , holding a visit with Labour 's Phil Goff at his hotel on Friday and on Saturday did not go to Victoria University to open the Confucius Institute .
A ceremony was instead held at his hotel .
The vice - president has now left .
Foreign Affairs Minister Murray McCully was critical of Dr Norman 's action and last night told The New Zealand Herald that Mr Key had telephoned the most senior minister in the visiting Chinese delegation to apologise on Friday night .
He " conveyed his regret that there had been this encounter and expressed the hope that it had not unduly affected what has been a very positive visit , " Mr McCully said .
" I understand that the fact that the Prime Minister picked up the phone was appreciated . "
A spokesman for Mr Key , who is in South Africa , confirmed that Mr Key had made the call .
" He apologised for the incident , " the spokesman said , but Mr Key had not spoken to the vice - president directly because of translation problems .
Dr Norman yesterday was already frustrated that the Government had failed to stand up for free speech .
He was reacting to Mr McCully earlier saying his actions were " massively disappointing " and " calculated to give offence " .
" Of course we have freedom of speech in New Zealand , but that does n't mean we have to use that freedom of speech to cause offence to people , particularly to overseas visitors , " Mr McCully told TVNZ's Q and A show .
" What I 'm saying is that Dr Norman should n't have actually been in that situation in the first place , if he'd have shown good judgement and if he 'd put New Zealand 's interests to the fore . "
Dr Norman said the Government had failed to stand up for free speech and human rights in its failure to control the Chinese security services in New Zealand and failure to speak out for human rights and democracy in Tibet .
" On the face of it , it looks like the Government is going quiet on human rights because they think they might be able to sell some more milk powder as a result .
" I think we should be extremely cautious in our dealings with China because it is a dictatorship and has very strong anti-democratic and anti-free speech views and is getting increasingly aggressive about promoting those views , he said .
Mr McCully 's call not to use freedom of speech where it would cause offence meant there was no free speech .
" New Zealanders believe in free speech and democracy . "
The New Zealand Government should speak out about the situation in Tibet , Dr Norman said .
" The Chinese government has imprisoned people just because they speak out in favour of Tibet , they 've murdered people in Tibet . "
You must have FRF85B installed to upgrade .
Presumably , ANY Nexus One ( AT&T or T - Mobile , etc ) that has FRF85B can use this upgrade
Xi'an 's Og » R , and kindly contributed to Want to share your content on R - bloggers ?
[ This article was first published on , and kindly contributed to R - bloggers ] .
( You can report issue about the content on this page here Want to share your content on R - bloggers ?
click here if you have a blog , or here if you do n't .
As posted here a long , long while ago , following a suggestion from the editor ( and North America Cycling Champion ! )
Pierre Lécuyer ( Université de Montréal ) , Arnaud Doucet ( University of Oxford ) and myself acted as guest editors for a special issue of ACM TOMACS on Monte Carlo Methods in Statistics .
( Coincidentally , I am attending a board meeting for TOMACS tonight in Berlin ! )
The issue is now ready for publication ( next February unless I am confused ! ) and made of the following papers :
* Massive parallelization of serial inference algorithms for a complex generalized linear model
MARC A. SUCHARD , IVAN ZORYCH , PATRICK RYAN , DAVID MADIGAN Abstract * Convergence of a Particle - based Approximation of the Block Online Expectation Maximization Algorithm
SYLVAIN LE CORFF and GERSENDE FORT Abstract * Efficient MCMC for Binomial Logit Models
AGNES FUSSL , SYLVIA FRÜHWIRTH -SCHNATTER , RUDOLF FRÜHWIRTH Abstract * Adaptive Equi-Energy Sampler : Convergence and Illustration
AMANDINE SCHRECK and GERSENDE FORT and ERIC MOULINES Abstract * Particle algorithms for optimization on binary spaces
CHRISTIAN SCHÄFER
Abstract * Posterior expectation of regularly paved random histograms
RAAZESH SAINUDIIN , GLORIA TENG , JENNIFER HARLOW , and DOMINIC LEE Abstract * Small variance estimators for rare event probabilities
MICHEL BRONIATOWSKI and VIRGILE CARON Abstract * Self - Avoiding Random Dynamics on Integer Complex Systems
FIRAS HAMZE , ZIYU WANG , and NANDO DE FREITAS Abstract * Bayesian learning of noisy Markov decision processes
SUMEETPAL S. SINGH , NICOLAS CHOPIN , and NICK WHITELEY
Here is the draft of the editorial that will appear at the beginning of this special issue .
( All faults are mine , of course ! )
While Monte Carlo methods are used in a wide range of domains , which started with particle physics in the 1940′s , statistics has a particular connection with those methods in that it both relies on them to handle complex models and validates their convergence by providing assessment tools .
Both the bootstrap and the Markov chain Monte Carlo ( MCMC ) revolutions of the 1980′s and 1990′s have changed for good the way Monte Carlo methods are perceived by statisticians , moving them from a peripheral tool to an essential component of statistical analysis .
We are thus pleased to have been given the opportunity of editing this special issue of ACM TOMACS and handling a fine collection of submissions .
The accepted papers in this issue almost cover the whole range of the use of simulation methods in statistics , from optimisation ( Le Corff and Fort , Schäfer ) to posterior simulation , Fussl et al. , Hamze et al. , Sainudiin et al. , Singh et al. ) , to rare event inference ( Broniatowski and Caron ) , to parallelisation ( Suchard et al. ) , with a collection of Monte Carlo techniques , from particle systems ( Le Corff and Fort , Schäfer ) to Markov chain Monte Carlo ( Fussl et al. , Hamze et al. , Sainudiin et al. , Singh et al. , Suchard et al. ) , to importance sampling ( Broniatowski and Caron ) .
The accepted papers in this issue almost cover the whole range of the use of simulation methods in statistics , from optimisation ( Le Corff and Fort , Schäfer ) to posterior simulation , Fussl et al. , Hamze et al. , Sainudiin et al. , Singh et al. ) , to rare event inference ( Broniatowski and Caron ) , to parallelisation ( Suchard et al. ) , with a collection of Monte Carlo techniques , from particle systems ( Le Corff and Fort , Schäfer ) to Markov chain Monte Carlo ( Fussl et al. , Hamze et al. , Sainudiin et al. , Singh et al. , Suchard et al. ) , to importance sampling ( Broniatowski and Caron ) .
The paper by Le Corff and Fort furthermore offers insights on the “ workhorse ” of computational statistics , namely the Expectation –Maximisation ( EM ) algorithm introduced by Dempster , Laird , and Rubin ( 1977 ) .
It indeed characterises the convergence speed of some on - line ( sequential Monte Carlo ) versions of the EM algorithm , thus helps quantifying the folklore that “ EM converges fast ” .
In the same area of missing variable models , Fussl et al. reassess the classical ( Bayesian ) logit model and propose a new completion scheme that aggregate the missing variables towards a much more efficient Metropolis - Hastings sampler , in comparison with the existing schemes .
The paper by Singh et al. can also be connected to this theme , as they study Bayesian inverse reinforcement learning problems involving latent variables that are estimated and used in prediction , thanks to an efficient MCMC sampler .
The paper by Schreck et al. on the ( MCMC ) equi-energy sampler expands on a state - of - the - art sampler by constructing and completely validating an adaptive version of the algorithm .
This area being currently very active , it represents a major step for the field .
Another paper , by Sainudiin et al. , is also concerned with theoretical aspects , namely the construction and validation of an MCMC algorithm on an unusual space of tree - based histograms .
This is the closest paper in this issue to non-parametric statistical estimation , which is one significant missing domain here , since simulation in functional spaces offers highly topical idiosyncrasies .
The paper by Broniatowski and Caron also remains on a rather theoretical plane by looking at large or moderate deviations in connection with importance sampling and cross-entropy techniques , aiming at some degree of optimality in the long run .
As mentioned above , two papers are specifically addressing statistical problems of optimisation on binary - valued systems , the particle algorithm of Schäfer that build specially designed parametric families on binary spaces that bring significant improvements over the existing schemes , and Hamze et al. on self - avoiding random walks , coupled with Bayesian optimisation , which handles remarkably well complex models .
A last area in rapid development that is represented in this issue is parallelisation .
As discussed in Suchard et al. , there are more and more models that require parallel implementation to be handled properly and , once more , specific statistical methodologies can and must be devised to answer such challenges .
The paper by Suchard et al. handles generalized linear models for massive datasets for Bayesian maximum a posteriori using GPUs ( graphical processing units ) , despite the serial nature of their cyclic coordinate descent algorithm .
It can be seen as an outlier in this special issue in the sense that it deals more with statistical computing than with computational statistics , but we think it has completely its place in the field for reaching the implementation levels that are necessary to address to face the “ big data ” challenges .
Filed under : Books , R , Statistics , University life Tagged : ACM Transactions on Modeling and Computer Simulation , Berlin , EM algorithm , importance sampling , integer valued functions , MCMC , Monte Carlos Statistical Methods , optimisation , parallelisation , particle filters , rare events , simulation , WSC 2012
I use GNU Screen [ henceforth : “ screen ” ] every single day in a variety of contexts .
I ’m by no means an expert , but I ’ve met a few people who are n’t as familiar with some of screen ’s more oblique features , so I ’ll give you a walk - through of my setup .
If you ’re new to screen , this is n’t likely the best place to start .
Also , this is n’t a replacement for the man page .
I barely know anything , so read the friendly manual and learn even more .
If you already know screen , I ’m going to discuss setting up an “ outer ” screen with an alternate command key as well as using screen ’s copy mode to capture text .
If you already know how to do that you ’ll find nothing new here .
First we ’ll start with a very small script I wrote called outer .
I run this script on my desktop and it creates a screen whose command key is F12 .
I do this so that when I connect to remote machines ( where the command key is still the default of ^a ) I ’m able to think less because I do n’t have to escape remote command keys .
Here ’s a scenario that might shed some light on my explanation .
Without overriding the command key , you start screen on your desktop and ssh to a remote host where you start screen .
Now if you want to interact with the remote screen session , you have to “ escape ” your commands to it so that the desktop ’s screen does n’t interpret them .
If you type ^a-c your desktop screen is going to create a new window .
If you want that new window on the remote host , you have to type ^a-a -c , which can get annoying quickly .
With outer , your desktop ’s command key is F12 , so it does n’t care at all about your remote ^a’s .
For some gravy , outer also sets up F11 as “ windowlist - m ” which is a list of your windows in use - order .
Since I ’ve met a few people who do n’t know about windowlist , if you hit command - key - ” is a list of your windows in numerical order ( windowlist - b ) .
Further gravy , outer also always grabs the current version of your . screenrc before it starts screen .
My shell environment automatically names my screen windows to the hostname when instantiating a shell , so my “ windowlist - m ” might look like this :
Num Name Flags 0 mutt $ 1 puppet $ 10 henry $ 15 machinex $ 8 machiney $ 2 jables $ 13 machinez $ 3 kage $ 6 storooni $ 4 lee $ 7 dude $ 9 walter $ 5 donnie $ 11 maude $
You can navigate the windowlist with j /k / arrowkeys and enter .
Screen ’s copy mode can be used for capturing its scrollback contents to a file .
To enter copy mode , hit command - key - Esc .
If you ’re familiar with vi/vim , you ’re now in something akin to vi/vim ’s command mode .
Movement keys in this mode are very similar to vi/vim , but not exactly ; so read the man page .
Once you ’re in copy mode , move your cursor to a given point in the scrollback buffer and then hit the space bar .
By hitting the spacebar , you ’ve dropped a marker at the cursor location .
Move again to select text .
Once you ’ve selected the text you want , hit >.
Hitting > will save the selection to a file whose name is the value of “ bufferfile ” .
The default is / tmp / screen - exchange .
Yea I know : horrible name .
I guess that ’s why it ’s configurable .
You can also use copy mode to paste into your screen session .
The details of that I ’ll leave as an exercise to the reader .
I frequently connect to hardware consoles via telnet / ssh , where selecting text from a terminal emulator with a mouse often adds unwanted spaces or new lines .
Copy mode is invaluable for preserving the formatting of the consoles ’ text .
Quick links to our most recent content :
Aspirational Neuroscience Prize : Call for Nominations
YouTube Video Documentary Series on the Brain Preservation Foundation
YouTube BPF Neuroscience Journal Club Videos :
Journal Quotes on Synaptic Encoding of Memory
Press Release : Aldehyde - Stabilized Cryopreservation Wins Final Phase of Brain Preservation Prize
Kenneth Hayworth ’s Letter of Support for Aldehyde Stabilized Cryopreservation ( and ‘ next steps ’ caveats )
Vitrifying the Connectomic Self : A case for developing Aldehyde Stabilized Cryopreservation into a medical procedure ( Essay )
YouTube Overview Video : Aldehyde - Stabilized Cryopreservation is Cryonics for Uploaders
Pig Prize Evaluation Images ( 3D Electron Microscopy and Gross Dissection Views )
The Great Library of Alexandria , constructed in the third century BC , was the center of science and learning in the ancient world .
Its collection of tens of thousands of scrolls contained the hard - won knowledge of the ancient world and a priceless trove of human history .
But with the destruction of the library almost all of this knowledge was lost .
“ The burning of the Great Library of Alexandria ” has become a metaphor for any reckless destruction of unique knowledge –an inexcusable insult to both the original author and to future generations .
Considering today ’s obsession with digital archiving we might think that future generations will thank us for our careful conservatorship .
But in fact it is much more likely that they will look back at the early 21st century and view it as “ another burning of the Great Library of Alexandria ! ”
To understand why , consider how far neuroscience has come in just the last decade , then envision the world a few centuries from now .
Today ’s neuroscientific theories have led us to deep learning neural networks which allow our apps to understand speech , recognize faces , and even drive autonomous cars .
Neuroscience imaging technology is preparing to map entire insect and small mammal brains at the nanometer scale using ultrafast electron microscopes , with the near - term goal of reading memories .
We are using powerful new tools in genetics , molecular biology , biotechnology , microscopy , systems biology , data science , and other fields to finally uncover the set of epigenetic , extracellular , and synaptic changes that form the molecular basis of memory .
The 2014 Kavli Prize in Neuroscience was won by three neuroscientists for the discovery of specialized brain networks for memory and cognition .
The 2016 Brain Prize was won by three neuroscientists for elucidating the molecular mechanisms of long - term potentiation , one of the keys to storing and sustaining lifelong memories in mammalian brains .
If the world continues this accelerated pace there is every reason to expect that in a few hundred years we will have a complete science of how the brain gives rise to mind , and the technological prowess to routinely upload memories and minds .
This will be a world whose technological advancements and material prosperity are as far beyond us today as we are beyond the ancient Greeks .
Citizens of that future world will have conquered disease and death and overcome countless other biological limitations .
They will viscerally understand what today ’s neuroscience textbooks try to convey :
The mind is computational , and a person ’s unique memories and personality are encoded in the pattern of physical connections between neurons .
From that vantage point , future generations will ask :
“ Is it possible to preserve the the synaptic connectivity of the human brain at death in a way that it could be stored for > 100 years ? ”
“ How close is cryonics to meeting that goal ? ”
“ Are there alternative brain preservation methods stemming from modern neuroscience research ? ”
In 2010 we established the Brain Preservation Foundation with an eye to this future perspective .
We asked :
We reasoned that one of the best ways to definitively answer these questions was to offer a challenge prize :
The Brain Preservation Prize : A challenge to cryonicists , a challenge to scientists
Now we have begun to get some real answers .
Two world - class research labs ( 21st Century Medicine and Shawn Mikula ’s laboratory at the Max Planck Institute ) entered into our prize competition .
21st Century Medicine ( 21 CM ) , a leading cryobiology research laboratory , was the perfect choice to test how well state - of - the - art cryonics preserves brain ultrastructure .
A summary of their results can be found on our 21 CM Cryopreservation Page .
That research uncovered limitations in the current cryonics protocols when judged against the goal of verifiably preserving synaptic structure .
As a result 21 CM invented a new brain preservation protocol , called “ Aldehyde Stabilized Cryopreservation ” , which appears to have entirely overcome these limitations .
A summary of their results can be found on our Aldehyde Stabilized Cryopreservation Page .
Separately , Shawn Mikula ’s laboratory has not only worked out how to preserve a whole mouse brain at the ultrastructure level , but has done so in a way that makes it directly compatible with today ’s high - speed 3D electron microcopy .
Our evaluation results of a whole brain entry he sent us can be found on our Mikula Evaluation Page .
It now seems a reasonable proposition that , if the medical and scientific communities were to expend a modicum of effort , reliable , inexpensive , and scientifically proven procedures for brain preservation could be made available , in short order , in hospitals to all terminal patients that might desire it over the current alternatives ( i.e. burial and cremation ) .
Would anyone really elect to undergo such a brain preservation procedure ?
For at least a small minority of the population the answer is yes .
Since its inception , the Brain Preservation Foundation has attracted a diverse group of volunteers , advisors , and donors many of which not only support the development of such technology but hope that the option will be available to them when they need it .
Informal surveys imply that a significant percentage ( >10 % ) of the ( online , technologically - savvy ) population would desire the option for themselves , especially if friends and loved ones did so as well .
Cryonics has never attracted significant numbers despite decades of trying , but in our experience most people rationally refuse to consider cryonics because they have no real proof of the quality of preservation .
This new “ field ” of scientifically - verified brain preservation we are witnessing today may fundamentally change that calculus .
Coming back to our analogy :
We are the scrolls in today ’s Library of Alexandria .
Each of us has spent decades honing our unique identity and accumulating our unique memories .
Our memories weave the thread of our life together with the lives of our loved ones and , in turn , with the rest of humanity .
As fragile biological creatures , we have learned to accept that we all age and die , and with death our particular thread is ripped out of the tapestry of humanity – our scroll is set ablaze .
With the ever quickening pace of science and technology more of us are realizing that traditional death many not be a necessary part of the human condition forever .
Our great - grandchildren may not know traditional death at all ; ours may be one of the very last generations to cower under its looming shadow .
In our view , the perfection of brain preservation technology represents today ’s most reasonable chance at reaching that future world .
Please join us in advocating for more research into perfecting brain preservation techniques , and if and when they are reasonably validated to have informational value value for future society , in urging the medical community to implement such a procedure in hospitals , for all who might want this option at the end of their lives .
Next Steps
If you find any of these arguments persuasive , please Sign our Petition , and add your public comments on what the brain preservation choice means to you , and why you think it ’s important to make available to everyone who might want to consider it , as an end of life option for themselves and their loved ones .
Want to do more ?
See our page on How You Can Help .
BPF Position Statements on Three Topics , for Scientific , Medical , Legal , and Government Professionals and the General Public
Brain Preservation Services .
BPF is a nonprofit research organization , and our mission is to promote scientific research and services development of whole brain preservation for long - term static storage .
This is presently very important for scientific and medical brain banking and connectomics research .
If useful information ( memories , at least ) is validated to be contained in preserved brains , by a minority neuroscience consensus on relevant structural preservation and computer emulation , we will also advocate for services development for the general public , as an end of life option .
Such a validation has not happened yet , in our opinion .
A company , Nectome , led by a team that won our most recent technology prize , is working towards offering the procedure that won our prize for public use .
Nectome is also planning to use assisted dying laws to offer this procedure , to improve affordability and maximize quality .
In our opinion , medical ethicists , physicians , and legal professionals should be involved in any public preservation services initiatives that may emerge .
This seems particularly important for any use of assisted dying procedures .
The medical ethics community has not yet weighed in on proper process yet for such a procedure , to our knowledge .
The BPF does not currently support the offering of ASC , or any other preservation method , to human patients , and will not endorse any particular preservation services company , now or in the future .
We hope that Nectome , or any other company , does further animal experimentation that is published in open journals , and a published medical ethics and legal review of their contracts and consent process , prior to any offering of public services .
Memory Preservation .
Validation of preservation value for public use , in our opinion , requires making a case that such preservation will preserve memories , at least .
Many neuroscientists would agree that preserving the connectome alone may not be sufficient to preserve memory .
Aspects of what is called the synaptome ( synaptic receptors and small molecules ) and perhaps , the epigenome ( molecular tags on neural DNA ) , may modulate human memory storage as well .
We do not yet have a full understanding of how the many varieties of memory are stored in animal brains , so any opinion rendered today by anyone on that topic must be provisional .
ASC , the technology that won our recent prizes , appears to well - preserve both the connectome and these small synaptic and nuclear features , as far as we know today .
But discussion and consensus with respect to ASC ’s potential adequacy ( or not ) for preserving useful human memories , among a respectably - sized community of neuroscientists , has not happened , to our knowledge .
There is even less understanding and consensus with respect to related mental properties like personality , emotion and consciousness .
BPF co-founder Ken Hayworth is writing a review paper on the state of knowledge and debate with respect to memory preservation requirements .
After it is published we hope to engage the neuroscientific community around this question .
Until a minority professional consensus emerges for its potential value , validation of ASC ’s value for public use has not occurred , in our opinion .
Sustainability , Affordability , and Accessibility .
For BPF to advocate public services development , we will also need to make a reasonable case , in open journals , that those services can be provided sustainably with respect to the environment , and made both increasingly affordable and accessible to the general public , as a matter of social justice .
The resource costs of preserving and “ uploading ” small animal connectomes , while those simulations are quite incomplete today , has been exponentially decreasing with the progression of digital computers .
AI , automation , and such 50 - year trends as Koomey ’s law also allow us make a case that future reanimation may be done particularly sustainably with respect to the environment .
Affordability and accessibility of public services must also be discussed , and we hope to do our small part to advance that discussion , should validation of preservation accuracy and value be achieved .
At present , we are focused on validation , a process that may still take a number of years to occur , from our perspective .
We recognize that death is a deeply personal and emotional process , and that each of us comes to terms with it in our own unique way .
Now that our first two Preservation Technology Prizes have been won , and at least one company is making plans to preserve brains in a way that at least a few neuroscientists expect may preserve memories , we believe the scientific , medical , legal , and government communities should begin discussing this topic .
We should be asking what technical , medical , ethical , legal , and economic conditions will ensure that whole brain preservation services respect the wishes of those involved , and are appropriately regulated when public services are offered , in all free societies .
Mother of Cristiano Ronaldo's baby 'is American waitress he seduced for a one - night stand '
Cristiano Ronaldo became a father as the result of a one - night stand with a penniless American waitress , it was claimed yesterday .
The Portuguese footballer is said to have paid the young woman £ 10 million to keep her identity secret and hand the baby over to his family .
The 25 - year - old former Manchester United forward met her in a Los Angeles restaurant during a trip to the U.S. last summer , charming her with the line : ' Me , you , **** ****' , it was reported .
£ 10 m for silence : Ronaldo and his girlfriend Irina Shayk in New York last week
When she failed to understand his direct approach , Ronaldo drew a love heart on a misted - up window and said : ' Me , you , kiss ! '
They slept together at his hotel later that night and when she discovered she was pregnant she tracked him down through his agent , Jorge Mendes , according to the Sunday Mirror .
The Real Madrid player agreed to a DNA test , which revealed he was the father while he was in South Africa at the World Cup , it claimed .
A friend of Ronaldo 's told the newspaper : ' They are a traditional Roman Catholic family and the minute paternity was established there was absolutely no doubt that Ronni would be doing the right thing . '
He reportedly told the friend : ' I feel like Boris Becker ' - a reference to the German tennis star who fathered a love child after having sex with model Angela Ermakova in a London restaurant in 1999 , leading to a £ 20 million divorce .
Ronaldo , who earns £ 200,000 - a- week , made the surprise announcement that he had become a father on July 3 on his official website and on the Facebook and Twitter social networking websites .
Million dollar baby : Cristiano Jr in Portugal this week
He said the mother wanted to keep her identity confidential and said the boy would be under his ' exclusive guardianship ' .
His family later said the baby was called Cristiano Ronaldo junior and had been born in the U.S. on June 17 weighing 9lb 8oz .
Reports in Portugal said Ronaldo had paid a surrogate mother to have the child in the U.S. after deciding he desperately wanted to become a father .
He has refused to comment on those claims .
Yesterday the Sunday Mirror claimed the boy was born following a one - night stand last summer during a U.S. holiday in which he also met Paris Hilton .
But Ronaldo's trip to the U.S. was in June last year , meaning the baby would have been born around March this year , three months earlier than his family claims .
Ronaldo met the baby in the Algarve , where his family are renting a villa , after Portugal were knocked out of the World Cup on June 29 .
Shortly afterwards he flew to New York to spend a week with his girlfriend , Irina Shayk , a 24 - year - old Russian underwear model .
His mother Dolores Aveiro , 55 , and sisters Katia , 33 , and Elma , 35 , looked after the baby while he was away .
Ronaldo then returned to the Algarve where he spent last week with the baby while still on his summer break from Real Madrid .
Yesterday his management company , Gestifute , declined to comment on the Sunday Mirror 's report .
Expecting the unexpected does not improve one 's chances of seeing it
Related images
( click to enlarge )
A new study finds that those who know that an unexpected event is likely to occur are no better at noticing other unexpected events – and may be even worse – than those who are n't expecting the unexpected .
The study , from Daniel Simons , a professor of psychology and in the Beckman Institute at the University of Illinois , appears this month as the inaugural paper in the new open access journal i-Perception .
( www.perceptionweb.com/i-perception)
The study used a new video based on one used in a now - famous experiment conducted in the late 1990s by Simons and his collaborator , Christopher Chabris , now a psychology professor at Union College in New York .
In the original video , two groups of people – some dressed in white , some in black – are passing basketballs back and forth .
The study subjects were asked to count the passes among those dressed in white while ignoring the passes of those in black .
( To test your own skill at this task , stop reading and visit www.youtube.com/watch?v=vJG698U2Mvo.)
Simons and Chabris found that many of those who viewed the video failed to notice when a person in a gorilla suit walked into the game , faced the camera , pounded on its chest and then sauntered out of view .
The gorilla was on screen for nearly nine seconds , yet half of those who watched the video did n't see it .
This finding was a particularly dramatic example of " inattentional blindness , " the failure to see something obvious when focusing attention on something else .
The video is now so well known that many people know to look for a gorilla whenever they are asked to count basketball passes .
Simons decided to use its notoriety to his advantage .
He created a similar video , again with teams of white - and black - clothed players , the same rules and a chest - thumping gorilla .
( Before reading further , try the task for yourself by visiting www.youtube.com/watch?v=IGQmdoK_ZfY.)
Simons wanted to see if those who knew about the gorilla before viewing the video would be more or less likely to notice other unexpected events in the same video .
" You can make two competing predictions , " Simons said .
" Knowing about the invisible gorilla might increase your chances of noticing other unexpected events because you know that the task tests whether people spot unexpected events .
You might look for other events because you know that the experimenter is up to something . "
Alternatively , " knowing about the gorilla might lead viewers to look for gorillas exclusively , and when they find one , they might fail to notice anything else out of the ordinary . "
As in the earlier experiment , of those who had never seen or heard about the gorilla video , about half missed the gorilla in the new video .
Those who knew about the original gorilla video all spotted the gorilla in this experiment .
However , knowing about the gorilla beforehand did not improve the detection of other unexpected events .
Only 17 percent of those who were familiar with the original gorilla video noticed one or both of the other unexpected events , while 29 percent of those who were unfamiliar with the original gorilla video spotted one of the other events .
This difference between the " familiar " and " unfamiliar " viewers of the video is not statistically significant , Simons said , but the study does demonstrate that being primed to the possibility of unexpected events does not enhance one 's ability to notice other unexpected events .
" The main finding is that knowing that unexpected events might occur does n't prevent you from missing unexpected events , " Simons said .
" People who are familiar with the purpose and conclusions of the original study – that people can miss obvious events when focused on something else – still miss other obvious events in exactly that same context .
Even when they know that the experimenter is going to fool them , they can miss something that 's obvious , something that they could spot perfectly well if they knew it was there . "
The video itself , called " The Monkey Business Illusion , " was a finalist in the Neural Correlate Society 's Best Illusion of the Year contest in May , where Simons donned a gorilla suit and presented the new video himself .
( You can view his presentation at www.youtube.com/watch?v=PWeUhRXohME.)
Most of the vision scientists in the audience knew about the original gorilla video , and yet most still missed one or both of the other unexpected events in the video .
Simons is the co-author , with Chabris , of " The Invisible Gorilla , And Other Ways Our Intuitions Deceive Us , " a new book that focuses on common – and yet false – intuitions about how our minds work that often are wrong .
Visit www.theinvisiblegorilla.com for more information about the book and other videos demonstrating the limits of visual awareness .
It 's 2013 , and China 's the only country to have survived an economic meltdown .
The Chinese own Starbucks , which now serves longan dragon well lattes .
So why can't anybody remember an entire month ?
That 's the premise of a new dystopian novel .
Advertisement
There are spoilers ahead , by the way ...
Chan Koon - Chung 's novel Shengshi Zhongguo 2013 ( which roughly translates to " The Gilded Age : China 2013 " ) has gone from being a marginalized , underground text — which could n't even get published in Mainland China — to becoming a major sensation among China 's intellectuals .
And according to an essay in China Beat by Professor Zhansui Yu , Shengshi Zongguo 2013 " has changed the way that Chinese define political fiction , " and its success is due to the fact that it exposes " the shocking darkness behind [ China 's ] dazzling economic miracle . "
Advertisement
The term " Shengshi , " variously translated as " The Gilded Age " or " the Fat Years , " has become a major meme in China lately — see the magazine cover above .
Chan 's novel suggests that this prosperity carries a secret , heavy price .
In Chan 's novel , everybody in China suffers from amnesia , and becomes unable to remember the most recent month — except for a few people .
Two of these people are Feng Caodi and a Taiwanese writer , Old Chen , who search for Little Xi , Old Chen 's true love who may remember some crucial events of the missing month .
While they travel across China looking for Little Xi , they discover more and more evidence that something is terribly wrong at the heart of China 's prosperity .
The elites are becoming wealthy by preying on the most vulnerable members of society , and the Party remains in charge only through the use of dirty tricks .
We meet a child slave , Zhang Dou , and encounter a village that 's being wiped out by pollution from a nearby factory .
At the same time , everybody in China seems utterly blissed out , and self - congratulation about China 's prosperity is the main pasttime among the elites .
Eventually , Feng and Chen discover the truth about the collective amnesia — and why everybody in China is so happy .
They kidnap a high - ranking government official , He Dongsheng , and force him to tell the truth about what happened during the missing period .
Here 's how the South China Morning Post describes it :
As He Dongsheng comes out of his drugged state , Old Chen , Fang and Little Xi begin to interrogate the official , who is tied to a chair .
He willingly describes how trouble broke out in a few places around China following the economic crisis of 2012 , and how , according to a secret party plan , the People 's Liberation Army , People 's Armed Police and police purposely hold back , except in Tibet and Xinjiang , waiting for the chaos to reach a point where the frightened population becomes afraid of anarchy and begs for the government to step in .
When the PLA eventually marches into one city to restore order , the people line the streets to welcome it .
In an ensuing " strike hard " campaign , the party takes advantage of its popular mandate to wipe out all its foes .
The campaign is so vicious that the government decides to place a new drug into the water system and all beverages , which has the effect of putting the country on a collective high .
An unintended plus is that the vast majority of the population has had its memory of the three weeks of chaos completely erased .
To be safe , the government has taken advantage of its good fortune - no one honestly knows how this happened - to destroy books and newspapers and to rewrite what 's available on the internet .
Advertisement
And in a twist Doctor Who 's Steven Moffat would approve of , He Dongsheng reveals that the Chinese people chose to forget .
He says :
If it were not that the Chinese people want to forget , it would be not possible for us to force them to do so ...
It is the ordinary Chinese people themselves who voluntarily take the drug which causes the amnesia .
Advertisement
As the main character , Fang Caodi , says about halfway through the book :
Given the choice between a good hell and a counterfeit paradise , what will people choose ?
Whatever you say , many people will believe that a counterfeit paradise has got to be better than a good hell .
Though at first they recognise that the paradise is bogus , they either do n't dare or wish to expose it as such .
As time passes , they forget that it 's not real and actually begin to defend it , insisting that it 's the only paradise in existence .
Advertisement
It all sounds very similar to Jose Saramago 's Blindness and Seeing , except less magical - realist and more overtly polemical .
And it does sound like the jabs at China 's governing ideology — which uses " hatred " and quasi - fascism to keep people motivated , are pretty sharp .
At one point , a character in the novel describes China 's ruling ideas :
Democratic one - Party dictatorship , rule of law with social stability as its top priority , an authoritarian government for the people , a state - controlled market economy , fair competition dominated by the central government - owned enterprises , scientific development with Chinese characteristics , self - centered harmonious diplomacy , a multi-racial republic with sovereignty of one people , post - Occidental and ‘ post - universal ' thought of the subject , and national rejuvenation of the incomparable Chinese civilization .
Advertisement
Yes , that 's a series of contradictions in terms .
" Democratic one - party dictatorship " is pretty great , and so is " a state - controlled market economy . "
You can see why this novel is making waves in China .
Top image via China Heritage Quarterly .
[ China Beat and Sina.com and China Heritage Quarterly ]
A vulnerability in the memory management of FreeBSD 's network subsystem allows authenticated users to edit files for which they only have read privileges .
The sendfile command uses mbuf memory to buffer the content of the file to be transmitted .
Although the mbuf object supports a read - only flag , this flag is not transmitted correctly when mbuf buffer references are duplicated .
An advisory by the FreeBSD developers states that users can consequently access security - relevant system files and obtain permanent root - level privileges when data is transmitted via sendfile and the loopback interface .
The problem affects FreeBSD version 7.x and later .
The developers recommend that users update to the 7 - STABLE or 8 - STABLE production versions .
The RELENG_8_1 , RELENG_8_0 , RELENG_7_3 , and RELENG_7_1 developer versions have since been updated .
( crve )
Two definitely and long waited news come from Marco Morabito , producer of the new Suspiria remake , due to be directed by David Gordon Green .
Bad Taste writes that : “ He confirmed … David Gordon Green will be the director ; Dario Argento finally has agreed to let the rights of the screenplay for the remake , it took nine months to convince the director who in the end accepted because , as Morabito reveals , ‘ is by the way convinced that his movie is a masterpiece and ca n’t be overshadowed ’ . ”
He also debunked the recent Marilyn Manson rumors : “ No , it ’s just a rumor .
I read it too on the internet and I do n’t know where it comes from !
We never even thought about that . ”
Bring on the witches ?
“ In the original Jessica Harper stars as Suzy Banyon , a young American ballet dancer who arrives at a prestigious European dance academy run by the mysterious Madame Blanc ( Joan Bennett ) and Miss Tanner ( Alida Valli ) .
But when a series of bizarre incidents and horrific crimes turn the school into a waking nightmare of the damned , Suzy must escape the academy ’s unspeakable secret of supernatural evil . ”
RELATED :
The Hamas - controlled Ministry of the Interior on Sunday issued an order banning women from smoking the nargila in public places in the Gaza Strip .
The ban is the latest in a series of restrictions imposed by the Hamas government on women in the Gaza Strip .
Earlier this year , Hamas banned female lawyers from appearing in court without a hijab .
Women have also been banned from visiting salons where men work as hairdressers .
Ehab Ghissin , spokesman for the Ministry of Interior , said that the decision to ban women from smoking the nargila in public was taken because the practice " violated social norms and traditions .
" He said the ban also applied to minors under the age of 18 .
The spokesman said that owners of cafes and restaurants , especially those located near the beach , have been instructed by the police to enforce the ban on the nargila .
Google ’s new App Inventor gets to the heart of the cultural difference between Apple and Google .
If you have n’t seen it yet , App Inventor is an experimental new SDK for the Android platform .
What ’s different about App Inventor is that there ’s practically no coding per se ; it ’s an entirely visual language .
Its heritage goes back to Logo , but more directly , to Scratch , which has a snap - together , building - block model for describing behavior .
App Inventor ’s intent is to enable people who would n’t normally program to develop the apps that they want ; to make it possible to write Android apps without being a “ software developer . ”
This is revolutionary ; they ’re not trying to lower the bar , they ’re throwing it away entirely .
I do n’t know if App Inventor will succeed , but it ’s an important experiment .
I want to contrast this with the iPhone , which has a much different model .
When I last wrote about the iPhone , many commented on Apple ’s focus on the perfect user experience .
I largely agree ( and said so in the article ) , and I think Google is unlikely to match that .
Apple has an app store to guarantee that poorly designed apps never get to the user ( the fact that many junky apps make it into the store is , well , another issue ) .
The user gets the perfect curated experience .
I wo n’t even begin to argue about whether App Inventor ’s UI components are as elegant as Cocoa’s .
They are n’t .
But Google has taken another direction altogether : the user ’s experience is n’t going to be perfect , but the user ’s experience will be the experience he or she wants .
If you want to do something , you can build it yourself ; you can put it on your own phone without going through a long approval process ; you do n’t have to learn an arcane programming language .
This is computing for the masses .
It ’s computing that enables people to be creative , not just passive consumers .
It ’s sort of like travel : you can go to Club Med or take a cruise ship if you want a crafted experience .
But you wo n’t find out anything about the local culture , you ’ll only eat the local food in controlled settings , you ’ll never hear the native language spoken .
You ’ll just do the limited set of things the organizers want you to do .
Many years ago , I was in Juneau , Alaska , wandering around on a back street in what may well have been a “ dangerous ” part of town .
I kicked a piece of trash lying in the gutter , and it turned out to be an Eagle totem crudely carved on a piece of scrap lumber .
That ’s still one of my prize possessions , and it ’s not the sort of thing you find if you insist on the safe guided tour .
That ’s an important difference .
Apple is saying “ trust us , it will just work . ”
Google is saying “ We ’ll help you to be creative and make your own stuff that works for you . ”
There ’s nothing inherently wrong with either approach .
Apple ’s approach is more appropriate for an entertainment device , more like the ’60s TV , radio , or dial phone .
It does more , but it ’s still sealed ; you ca n’t open it up and hack it .
There are plenty of people who want that kind of experience — possibly a majority .
Google is opening up the guts and letting you create — and taking the gamble that people who have n’t been creative in the past will start .
What will we see coming out of App Inventor ?
Probably lots of junk , but does that matter ?
In Cognitive Surplus , Clay Shirky talks about the “ stupidest possible creative act , ” which he associates with LOLcats .
What Clay realizes , and what Google realizes , is that the “ stupidest possible creative act ” is much better than no creative act at all , or limiting creativity to a small elite .
A world full of LOLcats is preferable to a world full of network sitcoms .
The history of creativity is filled with lots of trash ; but in a weird way , the trash enables the truly great creative works to come into being .
You ca n’t have one without the other .
I did say that there ’s nothing inherently wrong with Apple ’s approach , but it ’s clear that I do n’t really believe that .
I can muster some grudging respect for that position ( and yes , I do like stuff that “ just works ” ) , but I ca n’t imagine anything more dreadful than a world where creativity is always mediated by someone else .
I do n’t think I ’ll ever take a vacation at Club Med .
Apple has built a culture around creating the perfect user experience , and they ’ve done wonderful things in refining that experience , but at great cost : I cannot imagine Apple offering non-programmers the ability to develop for the iPhone .
If ported to iOS , App Inventor , or its equivalent , would presumably violate the iOS developer agreement .
Creativity — whether the creativity of others or your own — is what makes life worthwhile , and enabling creativity is a heroic act .
Google has built a culture around enabling others ’ creativity , and that ’s worth celebrating .
Related :
This year ’s Christmas wo n’t be so merry under a worst - case scenario released Wednesday by a major energy investor .
Writing about BP ’s effort to plug a leak from a drill site that became exposed after a deepwater oil rig burst into flames and sunk in April , an energy investor noted that the company ’s success rate did n’t promise well for its would - be ultimate solution .
BP plans to drill two “ relief wells , ” near the drill site , that in theory would allow the company to finally staunch the massive flow of oil spurting from the earth 5,000 feet under the Gulf of Mexico .
ADVERTISEMENT
Ã¢â‚ ¬Å“ The worst - case scenario is Christmas time , Ã¢â‚ ¬Â Dan Pickering , research director for energy investor Tudor Pickering Holt & Co. , told Bloomberg News for a story Wednesday .
Ã¢â‚ ¬Å“ This process is teaching us to be skeptical of deadlines .
Ã¢â‚¬Â
Ending the year with a still - gushing well would mean about 4 million barrels of oil spilled into the Gulf , based on the governmentÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s current estimate of 12,000 to 19,000 barrels leaking a day .
That would wipe out marine life deep at sea near the leak and elsewhere in the Gulf , and along hundreds of miles of coastline , said Harry Roberts , a professor of Coastal Studies at Louisiana State University .
So much crude pouring into the ocean may alter the chemistry of the sea , with unforeseeable results , said Mak Saito , an Associate Scientist at Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution in Massachusetts …
The so - called relief well being drilled to intercept and plug the damaged well by mid-August might miss — as other emergency wells have done before — requiring more time to make a second , third or fourth try , Dave Rensink , President Elect of the American Association of Petroleum Geologists , said .
A spokesman for BP declined to comment .
Late Tuesday , a remote controlled submarine successfully cut into the Deepwater Horizon ’s riser pipe , creating a fresh oil gusher that BP hopes to fit with a cap once a diamond saw can be used to ensure the cut is perfectly clean .
The dramatic scene played out on live streamed video , watched by thousands all over the world .
“ When the robot submarines cut into the undersea well ’s riser pipe , a fresh spew of oil temporarily obscured the view of the mechanical arm , ” CNN reported .
“ The cut was a first step toward placing a cap over the well that has spewed hundreds of thousands of gallons of oil into the Gulf of Mexico every day since late April . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
BP chief operating officer Doug Suttles told the network the fresh attempt to plug the oil gusher could succeed as early as Thursday .
The company plans to fit a long tube onto the cap and funnel the gushing oil into a tanker ship .
The risk of the maneuver , CNN added , is that it could increase the flow of oil by 20 percent .
" The Big Bang " may well have been the best season finale in Doctor Who 's long history .
It sparkles with great moments and lovely performances .
Except that there were two things in it that bugged the hell out of me .
Spoilers !
Advertisement
Okay , so first I 'm going to explain why I loved " The Big Bang " and found it probably superior to outings like " The Parting Of The Ways , " " Doomsday " and " The Last Of The Time Lords . "
And then I 'll get into the two things about this episode that seriously annoyed me and threatened to drag the whole thing down .
That way , those of you who prefer to read a purely upbeat recap can have a jumping - off point .
So as " The Big Bang " begins , the crack we saw in the wall of little Amelia Pond 's bedroom has gotten a lot hungrier , and it 's gone and swallowed the whole universe .
We 've known what caused the crack since the Silurian two - parter — it was the Doctor 's time machine , the TARDIS , blowing up and shredding the fabric of space / time — but now we understand a bit more about what the crack really means to Amy .
It 's taken away her parents .
It 's swallowed up her soon - to - be husband .
It 's left her an isolated , cynical misfit whose only meaningful relationship is with her childhood imaginary friend , the Doctor .
She 's forgotten everybody else she ever loved , and that 's before she gets killed .
Advertisement
And yet — the crack has also left Amy with an amazing power of remembering .
As the Doctor points out , all of space and time was pouring through her head as she slept in that bedroom for years , and it 's given her a certain amount of power over reality .
( Sort of like what happens to Rose in " The Parting Of The Ways , " if you think about it — except not all at once , and not quite so apotheosis -y . )
Amy has to choose between the cynical loner she 's become and the love that she only half - remembers , which the crack has taken from her .
Obviously she chooses right , or we would n't be beginning to speculate about Doctor Who season six .
So in a sense , " The Big Bang " is the story of Amy 's power of remembering , and how it saves everyone .
The little girl Amy remembers the existence of stars , and the universe beyond our lonely heliopause , when everybody else has just taken it for granted that stars never existed .
Otherwise , Young
Amy would n't be willing to follow the trail of hints the Doctor leaves for her , to the museum .
And Older Amy manages to bring back , first Rory and her parents , and then the Doctor , from oblivion simply by remembering them .
Advertisement
As for Rory , he makes the most romantic gesture in Doctor Who history , volunteering to stick around and guard the Pandorica while Amy 's inside it for two thousand freaking years .
Probably the Doctor 's right and nothing bad would have happened if Rory just took the quick way forward to the 1990s .
But really , Rory 's decision can be seen as the ultimate expression of love , as well as harkening back to a classic Doctor Who motif : the person who was lost his / her humanity making a dramatic gesture to reassert or reclaim it .
It 's a big soppy romantic notion , and it finally made me fall for Rory .
It 'll be interesting to see Rory and Amy traveling with the Doctor as newlyweds — now that Rory and the Doctor are now definitely no longer even remotely " competing " for Amy , and Amy is no longer the snarky orphan who does n't count on anybody to be there for her , the dynamic should be quite different .
Advertisement
Surprisingly for a story in which the entire universe has already been eaten and the Earth 's sun is actually a TARDIS exploding in slow motion , and the Doctor appears to die and later faces erasure from history , " The Big Bang " manages to keep a light , breezy tone throughout .
And a lot of the credit for this must go to Matt Smith and his amazing fez .
Not to mention the mop .
Smith 's Doctor is shaping up to be the funniest incarnation since Tom Baker , maybe even since Patrick Troughton , and best of all , the comedy feels unforced .
After a solid year of David Tennant being mopey , a Doctor willing to go into extinction with a manic grin and a fez feels like a welcome change .
The biggest threat for most of last week 's episode was a half - dismantled Cyberman , and that worked so well Moffat repeats the trick here , with a half - petrified Dalek .
And the idea works just as well the second time .
It 's like a law of the universe : One Dalek is an insurmountable threat , a thousand Daleks are just a minor irritation .
Of course , this Dalek winds up being petrified in both senses of the word , when River Song gets her hands on it .
Advertisement
And once again , River Song is magnificent .
The Doctor 's life is clearly richer and more complex for having her in it , and she 's shaping up to be a sort of anti-companion in the same way the Brigadier and Captain Jack were .
She 's not someone who travels with the Doctor full time , she 's someone who 's in his life , on and off for years , and he keeps coming back to her .
And meanwhile , she 's off living her life and being fabulous .
Of course , it seems like next season we 'll get the answers to the River mystery , but in some ways I hope we do n't get too much explanation that negates the " she 's someone cool who 's in his life "
Advertisement
So yeah , this was n't a slam - bang millions - of - monsters conclusion like " Journey 's End " or " Doomsday " — the closest we got was the Legion of Evil in the penultimate episode , although the LoE mostly just stood and speechified instead of whizzing about .
Moffat told us up front that this season would be a fairy tale , and so he gives us a fairy - tale ending :
There is a test , and the good wizard sacrifices himself , and true love wins , and there 's a wedding , and the little girl 's power of remembering saves the day .
Advertisement
And it must be said : Amy 's wedding ?
So much better than Donna's .
So I know that fairy tales do n't have to have morals — that 's a myth that was imposed , sometime in the nineteenth century , if memory serves — but I 'm still left wondering if this one had a moral .
Maybe that Rory , the guy Amy sort of took for granted , was the true prize all along ?
Or maybe that believing in childhood fancies when you reach adulthood can save you from ultimate emptiness ?
I have a feeling I will be puzzling over it for some time to come .
Advertisement
All in all , then , this was a more low - key , but also more fulfilling and cohesive , season ending than the ones we 've seen in years past .
And nobody who 's been following the saga of Rory and Amy could fail to be moved by seeing them reunited and actually honest - to - gosh married at last .
And the bit where Amy says " You are LATE for my wedding - ah ! "
And you think for a moment it has n't worked , and everybody 's just staring at the crazy lady ?
Pure brilliance .
But there are two things that seriously bug me about " The Big Bang , " and here they are .
If you only wanted to read a totally positive recap of the episode , or you have a philosophical objection to the idea of punching holes in a piece of television that 's ostensibly just for kids , do yourself a favor and stop reading now .
Last chance !
Advertisement
Okay then .
The two problems that bothered me quite a bit :
1 ) The resolution of the cliffhanger .
Seriously , it 's lazy , cheap writing .
You do n't trap the hero in an inescapable trap , and then have him escape thanks to a cheap gimmick .
This is the Doctor we 're talking about — he ought to have seen this trap coming , and put an ace up his sleeve somehow .
He should have out - thought all his enemies , in some genuinely clever way .
Advertisement
Instead , we got the cheap timey - wimey solution , with the future Doctor coming back in time to save his past self .
Which is nonsensical , if you think about it for more than five seconds .
Let 's be clear :
This is not a time paradox .
A time paradox is when you go back in time and kill your own grandfather as a baby .
A time paradox is where there 's a perfectly logical thread , which then leads in an impossible circle .
Advertisement
What the Doctor does to escape the Pandorica is more like this : I , Charlie Jane Anders , do not own a time machine .
I have no idea how to build a time machine .
Nor would I possess the materials to build one if I knew how .
So time travel is impossible for me , right ?
But wait — what if my future self comes back in time from a point after I 've already built a time machine and gives it to me ?
Then I 'll have a time machine , without ever having to build one first .
Right ?
So I 'm just going to sit here and hold my breath until my future self comes back and gives me a time machine .
Any ... minute ... now ... ( Passes out on the floor . )
Advertisement
If , as we 've been told , it 's impossible for the Doctor to escape from the Pandorica , then the Doctor who comes back in time is from an impossible future .
It 's a future that cannot exist — until the Doctor somehow escapes from the Pandorica .
So no .
This is n't a time paradox .
It 's just lazy , cheap writing .
Even Russell T. Davies , master of cheap tricks , would n't have had the nerve to pull this one .
2 ) One of the season 's central mysteries was a bust .
I really thought Steven Moffat had something cool up his sleeve here .
I suspect he thought so too , but then he ran out of time .
Or he could n't make it work for some reason .
Somehow , it seemed to go a bit wrong .
Advertisement
Let me explain —
I am sure it 's entirely possible that Moffat always intended to leave the explanation of who the Silence was , and how the Silence managed to control the TARDIS and make it explode , for next year .
That 's entirely possible .
But the question that really bugged me was :
Why Amy 's wedding day ?
Why was that the day when the TARDIS explodes ?
Is it just a coincidence ?
If so , it 's kind of a huge , weird one .
Advertisement
It felt like we were getting hints , all along , that Amy 's wedding day was a big deal .
That something Earth - shattering happens on the day she marries Rory , and that same something causes the TARDIS to explode .
The Doctor even says , at the end of " Flesh And Stone , " that the fact that she 's marrying Rory on the same day the explosion happens is very significant .
He says :
You 're getting married in the morning .
( Realizes )
In the morning ...
It 's you .
It 's all about you .
Everything ...
Amy Pond .
Mad , impossible Amy Pond .
I do n't know why , I have no idea , but quite possibly , the single most important thing in the history of the entire universe is that I get you sorted out right now .
Advertisement
And by sorted out , he apparently means fixing things with Rory , since the next thing he does is to take the two of them on a pre-wedding trip to help them bond .
As if their wedding is intimately linked to the explosion .
So I felt as though the fact that the explosion happens to take place on Amy 's wedding day turned out to be a giant red herring .
Or maybe it 'll be explained next year ?
I have a sinking feeling it wo n't be .
No doubt , we 'll get an explanation of " the Silence , " and how they caused the TARDIS to explode .
But not why this particular date was significant .
As the Doctor himself says , " Never ignore a coincidence . "
Unless you 're in a hurry , in which case always ignore a coincidence .
Advertisement
And I have a feeling that this is a story idea that got away from Moffat .
He had some vague idea of what would happen at Amy and Rory 's wedding to cause an explosion that cracked the entire universe , and then he could n't make it work for some reason .
That 's what my gut is telling me .
Either that , or it was a really clumsy misdirection .
Either way , in the end , it seemed like the explosion could have happened on any day in 2010 .
Maybe it has to happen at Amy 's house , because the crack starts there .
But the date ?
Not important , after all .
The reason this second one bothers me so much is because it makes the overall arc of the season feel even more sketchy and haphazard than it already was .
And that , in turn , bothers me because so much of the season only holds up as part of the arc .
The most glaring example of this of course , is the " Time Of Angels " / " Flesh And Stone " two - parter , which basically gets swallowed up by the crack about halfway through the second episode .
But there have been at least a few other times when I 've gotten the feeling that Moffat was more interested in the Crack meta -story than in the stories of individual episodes .
Advertisement
Of course , when we get our answers as to who / what The Silence is , next year , I may be forced to eat my words .
Here 's hoping that comes to pass .
MOSCOW ( Reuters ) - Dozens of Russians , many of them drunk , are drowning daily as they head to water to escape a heatwave , an emergencies ministry official said on Wednesday .
Vodka - drinking groups -- some with small children -- can be seen at lakes and ponds in and around the Russian capital where the current three - week heatwave may set a record of 37 Celsius ( 98.6 Fahrenheit ) this weekend .
“ Russia ’s Emergencies Ministry is very worried by the current situation .
In the last day alone , 49 people drowned ( in Russia ) , including two children , Vadim Seryogin , a department head at the ministry , told a news conference .
More than 1,200 people drowned across Russia in June this year , he said , including 233 between July 5 and July 12 .
“ The majority of those drowned were drunk , ” he said .
“ The children died because adults simply did not look after them . ”
Last week six children drowned in the Sea of Azov in southern Russia because the summer camp employees who were minding them were drunk .
Weather forecasters say the heatwave will last another week .
Russian President Dmitry Medvedev said on Tuesday the heat was a major problem for Russian agriculture , echoing concerns from Russia ’s grain lobby , which said the country was undergoing the worst drought in 130 years of weather observations .
The government imposed a state of emergency in 16 regions where the heat destroyed grains in an area the size of Portugal .
The Kremlin also canceled its trooping the color ceremony on July 17 , a tourist attraction held on Saturdays when soldiers in 19th century uniforms show off their horse - riding and arms handling skills .
“ Holding the ritual in such conditions may put in danger the health of all participants of the ceremony , ” Itar - Tass news agency quoted a spokeswoman for the Federal Protection Service ( FSO ) as saying .
Itar - TASS also quoted a spokesman for Russian land forces as saying that troops had suspended night exercises due to a high risk of fires that might be sparked by tracer bullets , incendiary projectiles and flares .
Which is crueler ?
Expelling an urban family from its home in Jerusalem 's Sheikh Jarrah neighborhood , or bulldozing a meager tent encampment of shepherds living on private Jordan Valley land they leased , destroying their water tanks , their tents and their sheep pens , and expelling families with many children from the land on which they live ?
It 's hard to say .
But while the Sheikh Jarrah expulsions are attracting interest in Israel and elsewhere , hardly anyone notices or protests what 's going on in the Jordan Valley .
Open gallery view Shepherd Abdel Razeq Bani Awda ( right ) and one of his sons .
In winter , they ’ll have to leave here too .
Credit : Limor Edrey
There , far from view , Israel has been trying for several years to methodically remove Palestinian inhabitants from wide swaths of land .
And in a week when the prime minister was making more promises about a " package of gestures " to the Palestinians , in order to curry favor in Washington , the Civil Administration bulldozers brutally destroyed several more encampments , leaving dozens of residents helpless and destitute under the open sky .
But the Jordan Valley is far from the public eye and the public heart , and there Israel can do as it pleases .
One look at the landscape tells the whole story :
The settlement of Beka'ot , with its lush greenery and plentiful electricity and water at one end of the magnificent valley , and the ruins of the meager shepherd encampments at the other end , with no electricity , no water , no nothing .
One picture is worth a thousand words .
It 's a far cry from the words of the old propagandistic song once sung by the Central Command musical troupe , about the little settlement in the Valley that " guarded the line , called out for peace and served up hope in the form of colorful flowers . "
Calls for peace ?
Gestures of hope ?
Go ask the neighbors about that .
This week , Dafna Banai , an activist from Machsom Watch , described the most recent expulsions : 15 families were expelled from their encampments on July 1 ; the week before , another 16 families received demolition and evacuation orders .
For more than a year , the entire valley has been strewn with dozens of cement blocks preventing entry and warning of " firing zones " wherever Palestinians live .
Israel already has enclosed all the territory west of Highway 90 with impassable ditches , and residents can exit only twice a week , when Israel opens the locked gates on the roads .
Israel declares huge amounts of private Palestinian land as firing zones and expels the residents under the false and self - righteous guise of concern for their welfare , lest they be harmed by the military training ; but these firing zones are always to be found solely on Palestinian land , and never on settlement land .
Have you ever heard of any settlers being expelled from their homes because their settlement was declared part of a firing zone ?
But against these wretched shepherds in the Jordan Valley , anything goes .
This is Israeli justice , this is equality as practiced by the Israel Defense Forces .
Perhaps the explanation for this appalling expulsion policy can be found in comments by Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu publicized last Friday on Channel 10 .
During a condolence visit to the home of a settler family in 2001 , Netanyahu divulged his dastardly plan :
He told his hosts he would proclaim the entire Jordan Valley a " designated military site . "
This is how the prime minister thought to mock the Americans at the time , so they would let Israel do as it pleases in the Jordan Valley .
Now he is prime minister again , and his trick is working splendidly .
A Jordan Valley cleansed of Palestinians will one day be more easily annexed to Israel .
The Civil Administration , naturally , attempts to deceive , dissemble and disregard all this .
What connection could it possibly have with acts of systematic expulsion ?
After all , it is simply concerned with the welfare of the residents and the preservation of law and order .
If an expulsion is taking place , the administration is not the one making the decisions ; it 's just acting as a contractor .
In any event , what 's going on here is " self - evacuation , " as the spokesman put it , and " abandoned structures . "
" This is a matter of tin structures and tents , which were set up recently , without the necessary permits , in firing zones , endangering the inhabitants ' lives , " the spokesman said .
" Most of the structures under discussion were abandoned independently by their residents , and a few were destroyed .
Most of the people who built these structures own permanent homes in the valley , and most of the structures were already abandoned on the day they were destroyed . "
Owners of permanent homes ?
Have you heard of settlers being evacuated because they have another house in Petah Tikva ?
On second thought :
The expulsion in the Jordan Valley is worse than that of Sheikh Jarrah .
It is more systematic , more large - scale , and it 's being committed against a weaker population .
But the demonstrators wo n't come here .
It 's too far away .
In an empty room that serves as the headquarters of a remote village council , local activists elaborate on their fears : Israel is seeking to expel all the area 's shepherds to here .
Two big spiders silently spin their web on the ceiling .
In the past month , dozens of families have received demolition and evacuation orders , all in accordance with the law , of course , the law of the occupation .
The elderly Abdel Rahim Basharat says it 's not a village , it 's a prison .
" If you close off the shepherds from every direction , to them it's a jail , because their lives are tied to the land .
If they are made to move to this village , they 'll have to sell their flocks , their only source of income .
Taking our lands from us is the same as taking our lives . "
Basharat has a question : " Does Area C mean evacuation and expulsion ? "
And what will you tell him ?
What can one tell him ?
And he has another question : " Why do n't you ask about the water problem ? "
Ataf Abu al - Rub , the B'Tselem investigator in the area , explains : " Sometimes these shepherds hear water trickling through the pipes that pass through their fields on the way to settlements , but they are forbidden to use it .
Sometimes they hear the crackle of electricity in the high - tension wires , but the electricity is meant only for the settlers . "
Al - Rub says this is the most closed open area in the world .
Four families have already left for the village , after the encampments were repeatedly destroyed and they tired of hopeless battle .
The rest are persisting in a desperate fight for survival .
We go out to see , driving past harvested wheat fields on our way to the sites of destruction .
Abdel Razeq Bani Awda 's family already has erected a new encampment .
On July 1 , the previous one was destroyed , and its ruins lie on the opposite hillside .
They 'd lived there for 15 years , on private land that belongs to a resident of Tubas who leased it to them .
They have documents to prove it .
Now they are stuck in the middle of a wheat field ; when winter and planting times comes around , they 'll have to leave here , too .
This is the fifth place they 've moved to in the past few years , since Israel began implementing its policy of evacuation and expulsion .
Two families - a father and son and their children , and 160 sheep , their only source of income .
The sheep are now crowded into new pens , seeking shelter from the heat .
The road is too treacherous for our car , as we make our way up the hill from the ruins of their recently destroyed camp .
Hardly anything is left of it .
Strewn about the ground are some wrecked tent stakes , a spoon , a rusty kettle , a blackened coffee pot , a spilled container of tehina and a broken - down refrigerator .
Remnants of a meager life .
Basharat asks why Israel is also destroying the water tanks .
" The tents are one thing , but why the water tanks ?
Sometimes they empty them of water .
What will the children drink ?
And why do they always come when times are the toughest , or in the middle of summer , when the heat is terrible , or during the rains , when there is no other shelter ?
It 's not by coincidence .
And why do they destroy the taboun ovens ?
They know it takes four to five days to build a new taboun , and in the meantime we have no bread .
Do they want us to die of hunger and thirst ?
Is that what they really want ?
Our children know the Israeli army is the one doing this .
And what do they expect them to remember when they grow up ? "
Basharat 's questions go unanswered , echoing through the valley .
We sit beneath the remnants of a tin shack that was n't thoroughly destroyed .
An old refrigerator door serves as a bench , until it , too , collapses beneath us .
The Bani Awda family will return here in the winter .
They have no other choice .
They have already re-erected one tent .
Across the way , Beka 'ot is blooming ; there is a spa there .
On the western part of the hillside is another ruined encampment .
This is where Hassan Bani Awda 's family lived before they migrated eastward .
Another encampment , closer to Beka'ot , is still standing .
Nine times this family has had its home destroyed .
We sit in silence and gaze out at the valley .
It could be so beautiful , if not for the ugliness of the expulsion .
We make our way to the next encampment .
An old wooden chair has an old sticker attached to it : " Israel is Strong with Shimon Peres . "
Israel is also strong with Benjamin Netanyahu , especially in dealing with the weak : Mohammed Bani Awda and his 11 children are also living under the threat of expulsion .
He has 270 sheep and a combine that belongs to the landowner from Tubas .
This family already has been forced to move four times .
Now they 've been instructed to tear down just the storehouse for the sheep 's food .
Is Mohammed afraid ?
He says : " They 're going step - by - step .
They started in the east and when they finish clearing out there they 'll come here too .
We 'll be the next stage . "
The two shepherds , Basharat and Bani Awda , consult with one another .
What to do ?
Bani Awda suggests appealing to the High Court , and Basharat says there 's no point .
" There 's no point appealing to Israeli law and justice .
They 'll declare the whole Jordan Valley a military zone and that will be the end of the story . "
Mohammed 's son Jihad , a 19 - year - old shepherd , wears a New York baseball cap .
He says he dreams of going there one day , but all of us in the tent knew it will never happen .
It 's unlikely that he 'll every get as far as Jerusalem
Vandalismo ou obras de arte nos Estados Unidos da América ?
O vandalismo é um passatempo tão popular nos Estados Unidos da América que anualmente custa mais de US $ 270 milhões para o contribuinte .
Alguns vândalos no entanto , conseguem alterar de tal forma alguns cartazes e sinais americanos tornando - os em obras genuídas e engraçadas .
Eis 25 dessas obras de arte .
HOW TO TREAT SEXUAL ERECTION PROBLEMS ?
Ahead of explaining in detail what it is and what the benefits of Taramaster are usually , I need to share a little of my own storyline .
I have been married to get a little extra than 7 years , along with a short time ago I began to recognize a absence of lovemaking need upon the part of the husband , the one which no longer sought everyone out and about physically and acquired underperforming performances on love - making nights .
My partner and i tried in order to understand what was taking place and so I sought a discussion with the dog .
Was I no much longer sexually appealing to a man ?
This was a issue of which plagued me severely .
Although after talking concerning what was going on , We was able to discover inescapable fact regarding the situation .
This individual had n’t ended loving us or anything , he was just suffering from erection problems .
If you do not really know , intimate erection problems can be some sort of real particular in the man ’s existence , and it is fundamentally this trouble of having strong , rigorous and durable erections during sex .
So , I should do something to help my partner and create the marriage as good and pleasurable as prior to , and that is what I was looking for .
We all looked intended for experts about the subject , lectures , physicians and none of the fact that really worked well for the particular problem .
But which whenever I found DUROMAX , a merchandise of real quality that saved my marriage .
And is particularly in order to help you choose a cure that has true benefits , that people will deal in this text message a good minor bit about Taramaster together with DUROMAX , so that you select the right among them .
exactly where to find taramaster ?
TARAMASTER WHAT IS IT ?
This Taramaster is a compound that promises to finish lovemaking dysfunction and untimely ejaculation , among other benefits that the manufacturer also claims .
Whenever we talk about complications of an sex - related nature , this is possible to discover a series of products the fact that promise marvelous actions , nonetheless we must bear in mind .
Definitely not all are really effective , and much of that is simply misleading .
The Taramaster was your first that my personal husband and I thought we would try , to attest in order to the functioning in point .
On the product ’s official web page , we located advertisements , reports from people who ended up users of it , and all this motivated us a great deal to try to solve the troubles with it .
Yet after purchasing the Taramaster together with starting to employ that , my husband did not really see any major variances in his sexual actions , since the results received have been not in any way satisfactory .
Not for my husband or even for me personally .
In addition , his manhood has definitely not increased by means of an in ..
We used the product for more than a calendar month , having said that , during this period no benefit may be seen , that is , my husband ’s erections still remained vulnerable and without the lowest potency .
In late use , as we had not accomplished any kind of profit , we nearly completely lost hope , although that was initially when another solution seemed and proved to be quite reliable : DUROMAX .
DUROMAX WHAT IS IT ?
taramaster works
This specific is the product that I recommend to everybody who suffers from sex problems .
Obtaining just lately appeared on the market , DUROMAX was already becoming some sort of reference as soon as the idea arrives to treatment regarding erection dysfunction and shaft enhancing .
As soon as this individual arrived at our home , we all started using it and the results appeared in the initial days .
My love - making along with my husband started to be much more enjoyable , this felt like we were being twenty years old again !
Getting an totally natural product or service , DUROMAX is short of any variety of side effect expected to their use , allowing for all types of adult men to use it without having the tiniest concern .
Often the purpose of the tablets is specifically to present erections that quickly grow to be rigid , giving the gentleman total control over the ejaculation , which will appear with higher pressure .
Around addition to all this specific , DUROMAX in addition offers some sort of penis size progress that can reach up to help 7 centimeters , something unrivaled for some sort of product of this type .
Chashu is a dish made of fattier cuts of pork that are braised over low heat for a very long time .
The low , slow cooking , renders out the fat while turning the tough collagen in the meat into gelatin which keeps the meat moist while making it meltingly tender .
If you ’re thinking the name sounds an awful lot like the Chinese barbecued pork dish Char Siu , you ’d be right , because at some point in the past , they were one and the same .
Chashu is often served atop another dish that also originated in China : ramen .
Like its noodley brethren , it ’s evolved over the past century to the point where it bears little resemblance to the original dish it was based on .
In the hyper competitive world of ramen in Japan , each shop jealously guards its secret Chashu formula .
Revealing these secrets is the kind of offense that will have a dozen masked men in black ninja suits at your door to make you “ disappear ” in the middle of the night .
Such is my addiction to this luscious dish , that I ’ve set aside all concerns about personal safety to recreate Santouka Ramen ’s famed “ toroniku ” Chashu , which can best be described as savoury butter with bits of tender pork suspended inside .
It literally melts into a pool of flavour on your tongue and easily makes the list of things I ’d want to have in my last meal .
The trick is to use pork cheek instead of the usual pork shoulder or belly that most people use for Chashu .
If you ’ve never tried it before , pork cheek is porcine perfection , taking the best qualities of a tasty cut like shoulder and marbling in a lattice of fat between the pink strands meat .
When braised , the pieces of meat are almost imperceptibly suspended in a mesh of fat , that instantly liquefies when it enters your warm mouth .
For the braising liquid , I used a combination of soy sauce and miso .
It ’s not a particularly orthodox approach to Chashu making , but I ’m pretty sure it ’s what Santouka does .
To bring my version full circle back to its Chinese roots , I ’ve also added garlic , ginger , and white pepper which give the meat some character without overwhelming its porky goodness .
I serve this over my home - made tonkotsu ramen , but it ’s also great on top of rice , or in fried rice ; I ’ve even been know to add it to pastas or a Banh Mi or two .
Japanese Chashu Best
Japanese
Entree 5 from 2 votes Print Nutrition Ingredients 2 pork cheeks ( or pork belly )
3/4 cups water
1 tablespoon granulated sugar
1 tablespoon miso
2 tablespoons soy sauce
2 tablespoons mirin
2 tablespoons sake
1 inch fresh ginger sliced
2 large cloves garlic smashed
12 white peppercorns Steps
Put all the ingredients in a pot large enough to accommodate the pork in one layer but small enough so the liquid more or less covers the pork .
Partially cover with a lid and simmer over medium low heat for one hour , or until a fork easily passes through the meat .
Allow the pork to cool in the braising liquid then remove the meat from the liquid .
Wrap in plastic and chill in the refrigerator ( this makes it easier to slice ) .
Slice the Chashu hinly against the grain and serve on top of ramen ( the heat from the soup should warm it up ) .
This is also great sliced a little thicker and warmed up on top of a bowl of rice with a little of the braising liquid drizzled on top .
4 1 vote Article Rating
For its new gangster series " Boardwalk Empire , " HBO built a $ 5 million , 300 - foot - long boardwalk on the Brooklyn waterfront to recreate Atlantic City circa 1920 .
The set required 150 tons of steel and includes historical elements like the Baby Incubator , an actual nursery where tourists could gawk at tiny , premature infants .
The 12 episodes produced for the first season employed more than 300 crew members , 225 actors in speaking roles and 1,000 extras .
It took about 200 days to shoot , twice what a standard network drama would ...
What 's Gov. Tim Pawlenty 's distinguishing characteristic ?
What 's the guy going to be known for as he steps up his semi-visible pre-presidential campaign with trips to Iowa in August , a series of high profile media appearances , and whispers about an early 2012 launch ?
Is he the guy who proclaimed his wife to be " smoking hot " ?
Is he the guy with a nickname he embraces ?
Or is he the dude who does n't have Mitt Romney 's money or Sarah Palin 's buzz ?
Pawlenty is one of several potential candidates angling for the sober side of Republican primary voters .
Romney , Sen. John
Thune , who will campaign frequently for candidates this fall , Gov. Mitch Daniels of Indiana , and Gov. Haley Barbour of Mississippi are the others .
If 2012 is about the battle between superego and id , Pawlenty fits in the middle , somewhere between the delayed gratification campaign that Daniels might run and the immediate gratification carnivals that are Sarah Palin events .
Economic libertarianism is the message du jour , and Pawlenty 's budget - cutting in Minnesota may get some attention .
But really , neither he nor the other sober wing candidates have figured out exactly what the non-Palin wing of the party wants .
There 's no way to court social conservatives with Palin or Mike Huckabee in the race .
So who 's left to help you win primaries and caucuses ?
The modern young man can contemplate without emotion the entire area of the female leg and a considerable portion of the stomach .
In the nineteen - twenties , for the first time in many hundreds of years , the female leg was exposed to general view .
The bust , however , also for the first time in many centuries , was not supposed to exist at all , and women who did not mind in the least exposing their lower limbs would have been embarrassed if called upon to wear a deep decolletage .
In short , the female body consists of a series of sterilized zones , which are those exposed by the fashion just going out , and an erogenous zone , which will be the point of interest for the fashion which is just coming in .
This erogenous zone is always shifting , and it is the business of fashion to pursue it , without ever actually catching up .
It is obvious that if you ever really catch it up you are immediately arrested for indecent exposure .
If you almost catch it up you are celebrated as a leader of fashion .
James Laver ( 1899 - 1975 ) was a British historian of art and fashion design .
He composed the above model to depict the changing social perceptions of women 's fashion .
In his 1937 work Tastes and Fashion : From the French Revolution Until Today , Laver wrote : Link via Geekosystem | Image : Fashion Era
Pentagon retaliates against WikiLeaks , Pvt. Manning
By Bill Van Auken
30 July 2010
In response to the WikiLeaks posting of tens of thousands of secret documents on the Afghanistan war , the Pentagon has launched a manhunt within the military and called in the FBI for possible prosecution of the actual whistleblower who supplied the evidence of US atrocities .
Secretary of Defense Robert Gates and Admiral Mike Mullen , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , used a Pentagon press conference Thursday to vilify WikiLeaks and its editor , Julian Assange , while vowing to crack down on anyone involved in making public the documents comprising the so - called Afghan War Diary posted by the organization .
WikiLeaks has obtained some 92,000 secret documents on the Afghanistan war , while claiming it does not know the original source of the classified material .
It has posted 76,000 of the documents online , most of them battlefield reports from units in Afghanistan .
They have cast a new light on the savage war that has been waged against the Afghan people under Bush and Obama , as well as the duplicity of both administrations in their justification of the war to the American people .
The group has held back another 15,000 documents , consisting largely of intelligence reports , saying it wants to review them for information that could potentially place individuals in Afghanistan at risk .
The thrust of the statements made by Gates and Mullen , which dovetail with a sinister campaign in the corporate media , is that WikiLeaks and Assange in particular have already placed lives at risk by revealing military methods , as well as the identity of some Afghan informers and turncoats who collaborated with the US - led occupation .
The WikiLeaks editor “ can say whatever he likes about the greater good he and his source are doing , but the truth is they might already have on their hands the blood of some young soldier or that of an Afghan family . ”
Mullen told Pentagon reporters .
Gates said that the “ battlefield consequences ” of the leak are “ potentially severe and dangerous for our troops . ”
While some reporters asked whether there was any evidence that the leaked documents had resulted in deaths , no one at the press conference pointed to the absurdity and hypocrisy of the angry denunciations by Gates and Mullen .
Two men intimately involved in prosecuting a colonial war against the Afghan people that has caused the deaths of tens of thousands are charging others with having “ blood on their hands , ” because they dared to make public documents exposing crimes committed in this war .
According to some analyses , the documents released thus far catalogue the deaths of over 20,000 Afghans during the US - led war and occupation between 2004 and 2009 .
This is undoubtedly only a fraction of the actual total , as many known mass killings are not included in the material .
This blood — real and not hypothetical — is on the hands of Obama , Bush , Gates , Mullen and their collaborators .
The sensationalized charges from Washington were contradicted by a top US military officer in Afghanistan .
Maj . Gen. John Campbell , the US commander in eastern Afghanistan , told reporters Wednesday that the release of the documents had no “ great impact on us . ”
He added , “ We have not changed any of our operations or any strategy here based on that leak . ”
In his remarks , Gates also made it clear that he had called upon the Justice Department and the FBI to assist in the Defense Department ’s investigation of the leak for the purpose of potentially indicting Assange and others at WikiLeaks as well as any other civilians who may have aided in making the material available .
“ The investigation should go where it needs to go , ” Gates said .
Questioned about whether this meant WikiLeaks was a target , he added that he did n’t “ know if the investigation should stop ” at the Defense Department and “ having the FBI as a partner ” would leave “ open the full scope of investigation . ”
Thus far , the military has reportedly focused its investigation on Private First Class Bradley Manning , a 22 - year - old intelligence specialist who was charged earlier this month with providing WikiLeaks with a classified video that was posted online under the title “ Collateral Murder . ”
The video , taken from the gun-sight camera of a US Apache helicopter , depicts the July 2007 massacre of over a dozen civilians in Baghdad , including two Reuters journalists .
The film , which includes the chatter of the helicopter crew reveling in the killing , also shows an attack on a family that tried to aid the wounded , killing more unarmed civilians and wounding two young children .
An unnamed Pentagon official told the Wall Street Journal that an examination of the computer used by Manning showed that he had downloaded the Afghanistan logs , even though he was deployed at the time with the 10th Mountain Division in Iraq .
Manning is also charged with illegally downloading some 200,000 State Department documents from the military ’s secret Internet network .
Manning was turned in by an informer , Adrian Lamo , a former computer hacker whom the soldier had contacted and reportedly told via online chats that he had leaked the helicopter video and was prepared to do the same with other material .
Since his arrest , Manning has been held by the US military in Kuwait , awaiting an Article 32 hearing , essentially the military ’s equivalent of a grand jury hearing .
The imprisonment of the private overseas appears designed to prevent him from obtaining effective legal support as well as denying him contact with his family and the media .
As Julian Assange has repeatedly charged , it has much the same purpose as the holding of supposed “ enemy combatants ” at the Guantanamo prison in Cuba .
The growing campaign against WikiLeaks picked up significant backing Wednesday when Senator Lindsey Graham , a ranking Republican member of the Senate Judiciary Committee , called for the government to bring criminal charges against the Internet - based group .
“ I ’m willing to prosecute anybody who led to undermining the war effort , ” Graham said on Fox News .
“ As far as I know , there ’s no immunity for a web site to be able to pass on documents …
We need to go after anyone involved in the leak of classified documents . ”
Republican Senator John McCain of Arizona , meanwhile , called for life imprisonment for whoever was responsible for the leak .
Jane Harman , the Democratic congresswoman who chairs the House homeland security panel ’s subcommittee on intelligence , also accused WikiLeaks of having given “ the Taliban its new ‘ enemies list . ’ ”
The media , which has treated the leaked document with a combination of hostility and indifference from the outset , has largely rounded on Assange and WikiLeaks , taking up the charge that some of the documents revealed the identities of Afghan informers and could thereby expose them to danger .
The Times of London published a story Wednesday claiming that some of the leaked documents included the names and villages of Afghans who had provided intelligence to US occupation forces .
Assange , in an interview with the paper , pushed back against the charge that he had placed “ innocent lives ” at risk , pointing out that in many cases these informants were “ acting in a criminal way , ” frequently providing false information to US forces with the aim of “ creating victims themselves . ”
The WikiLeaks editor pointed out that the inclusion of the names and locations of confidential informants in documents available to virtually anyone in uniform , not to mention large numbers of civilian contractors , was the Pentagon ’s policy , not his .
He also said that the group had asked the Obama administration to help “ to minimize the chances of innocent informers being named , ” but that it received no response .
Much of the media has picked up this theme , attempting to portray Assange and WikiLeaks as responsible for endangering innocent lives in Afghanistan , in order to obscure the content of the leaked documents themselves , which detail the annihilation of tens of thousands of such lives as a result of the US war .
This found a particularly crude expression in an interview Assange gave Wednesday to NBC ’s Today show , in which host Meredith Vieira asked the WikiLeaks editor , “ if somebody is executed because now their name is out there , would you consider that your form of collateral damage ? ”
This attempt to draw an equals sign between the possibility that an Afghan quisling whose name appears in a leaked document will face retribution and the daily killing of civilians in aerial bombings , special forces assassination raids , drone attacks and checkpoint shootings is nothing short of obscene .
The only “ crime ” for which either Manning or WikiLeaks and Assange are guilty is that of breaking the media ’s self - censorship of information exposing the bloody and criminal character of the US war in Afghanistan and presenting massive and incontrovertible evidence of war crimes to the American and world public .
There is no doubt that for this offense , the Obama administration and the US military and intelligence apparatus will seek vengeance .
It will attempt to make an example of a young American soldier who apparently turned against Washington ’s wars and , if possible , criminalize the activities of WikiLeaks .
The World Socialist Web Site calls upon working people to oppose the persecution of Private Manning and the campaign against WikiLeaks , which represent a fundamental attack on democratic rights and the right of the American people to information on the military atrocities being carried out in their name .
Those who should face prosecution are the top officials in both the Bush and Obama administration who are responsible for launching and continuing criminal wars of aggression .
Questlove 's Celebrity Stories .
A compendium of stories by @questlove , your favorite music nerd , in response to questions written by lesser music nerds .
This all happened years ago .
Programming by @hypnagogics .
1 of 2 2 of 2
Hart Snider is carefully watching the debate around Bill C - 32 , the Stephen Harper government ’s latest attempt at copyright reform .
The Vancouver - based filmmaker and remix artist is worried about provisions in the proposed Copyright Modernization
Act that would protect digital locks .
He says these provisions would criminalize the way many Canadians use digital media , such as music , movies , and e-books .
During an interview at a Downtown Eastside café , Snider scrolled through his video résumé on his laptop .
Over the years , he has made dozens of video mashups using footage of iconic moments in popular culture and obscure audio samples .
A lot of copyrighted material has passed through Snider ’s hard drive .
He knows that without access to that content his remixes would n’t exist .
“ This digital - lock thing is really complicated , ” Snider told the Georgia Straight .
“ If you are not allowed to pull from it [ digital media ] , you are limiting our potential as artists . ”
Changes to bring Canada ’s copyright laws into the digital age have been in the works since 2005 .
Previous bills introduced in 2005 and 2008 , by the Paul Martin and Harper governments , respectively , died on the floor of the House of Commons when Parliament was dissolved .
Industry Minister Tony Clement and Heritage Minister James Moore announced the introduction of Bill C - 32 on June 2 .
In addition to offering legal protection to companies that use digital locks — also known as technological protection measures — to restrict access to their content , the bill would bring in stronger protections for copyrighted materials and legalize some things many Canadians do every day , like recording television programs for later viewing .
“ Digital lock ” is a catchall term for the means by which copyright owners control how a piece of content , software , or hardware can be used by others .
For example , it ’s possible to encrypt files to prevent copying , limit the number of times a music file can be burned onto a CD , and specify which region of the world a DVD can be played in .
Under Bill C - 32 , cracking the lock placed on a device , disc , or file would be illegal .
So if a DVD contains a digital lock , making a backup copy of it , or even moving music from a CD with a lock to an iPod would become a crime with a penalty of between $ 100 and $ 5,000 .
Snider says he ’s struggling to understand where his brand of video art fits in .
He knows digital locks can protect copyright owners from piracy but argues that they also create barriers that will deter future video artists .
“ They give the guise of trying to be hip , ” Snider said of the federal government .
“ They put in all the buzzwords .
But I feel all the power lies with the industry .
Artists never see it . ”
Michael Geist , a law professor and the Canada Research Chair in Internet and e-commerce law at the University of Ottawa , agrees with Snider .
While Geist believes the government needs to craft copyright laws that better protect artists , consumers , and industry , he maintains that the bill does n’t accomplish these goals .
“ There is virtually no upside from a consumer perspective at all , ” Geist told the Straight by phone .
“ There are a lot of areas where the government has to try and strike a balance , but the fact is there is no balance on the digital locks . ”
According to Geist , Bill C - 32 ’s digital - lock measures do n’t take into account how average Canadians use digital media .
He pointed out that the federal government could fix this problem by adding a line to the legislation saying that it ’s legal to circumvent digital locks for purposes that do n’t infringe on copyright .
This compromise would allow companies to benefit from digital - lock - based business models and consumers to control their media , according to Geist .
“ What is so disappointing is that the government could have struck a compromise that would satisfy U.S. pressure about Canada living up to U.S. treaties and would have allowed those businesses to use digital - rights management or use digital locks and would have preserved the balance , ” Geist said .
“ But unfortunately that is not what we got . ”
Moore , who besides being heritage minister is also the Conservative MP for Port Moody –Westwood –Port Coquitlam , refused to comment on Bill C - 32 .
Meanwhile , the bill and its digital - lock provisions are getting rave reviews from the video - game industry .
“ We are a little different than a lot of other industries in that our only means of revenue is the sale of our intellectual property , ” Danielle Parr , executive director of the Entertainment Software Association of Canada , told the Straight by phone from Toronto .
“ We do n’t go on tour , we do n’t sell T - shirts .
It ’s the sale of the actual intellectual property of the video game .
So , being able to adequately protect our content is really important . ”
According to Parr , legal protection for games with digital locks will stop piracy .
She asserted that this will help the industry develop more games .
“ A big - named title , now you are looking at $ 10 to $ 20 million at least , two years of development , with 100 - to 200 - person development teams , ” Parr said .
“ There is actually only a small number of games that are actually profitable , and companies need to be able to make money in order to be able to reinvest . ”
Snider hopes the digital - lock provisions will be amended as the bill makes its way through Parliament .
He has a simpler way of looking at copyrighted materials .
“ If you buy something , you should be allowed to use it any way you want , ” Snider said .
Jeremy Scahill , leading journalist on the Pentagon ’s military contracting , discussed the “ incredibly disappointing ” Washington
Post series on giant system of ‘ top secret ’ operations of the U.S. government with AntiWar Radio host Scott Horton at Pacifica .
He discussed “ preparing the battlefield ” operations , the WaPo as a “ dumping ground ” for the C.I.A. and the ‘ system intended to give cover to clandestine operators in the private sector acting on behalf of the government ’ .
Later , Mr. Horton discussed blowback in Somalia against foreign intervention in Somali society perpetuating the horror in the Horn of Africa , giving a great summary of the recent history that led to the current state of affairs in the territory from the Bush Administration ’s invasion to the Obama Administration shipping in arms , but blocking food entry .
He also discussed 9/11 as blowback for Washington ’s enabling of Israel ’s ‘ war crimes ’ ( 25:50 ) :
http://dissentradio.com/radio/10_07_23_kpfk_scahill_horton.mp3
26 July 2010 | AntiWar Radio
This recording is excerpted from the KPFK “ Beneath the Surface ” program of July 23rd .
Scott Horton interviews Jeremy Scahill and is himself interviewed by KPFK producer Alan Minsky .
The complete recording can be heard here .
Independent journalist Jeremy Scahill , author of Blackwater : The Rise of the World ’s Most Powerful Mercenary Army , discusses the too little too late Washington Post exposé on “ Top Secret America , ” how private contractors do the dirty ( and illegal ) work of state terrorism while providing the U.S. government plausible deniability , the “ preparing the battlefield ” exception to Congressional oversight and how the U.S. has created a big brother surveillance state in the British model .
( Scott Horton discusses the forthcoming U.S. military presence in Costa Rica , the political motivations behind “ Islamic terrorism ” and how U.S. intervention in Somalia created Al Shabaab . )
Scott Horton is the host of AntiWar Radio at the Liberty Radio Network , 95.9 FM in Austin , Texas and 88,3 FM in Riverside , Calif .
As an associate editor at AntiWar.com , he also blogs there and at his site , The Stress Blog .
Listen to his full interview achive , follow him on Twitter and Facebook , and donate to AntiWar.com here .
The big music labels and movie studios have stepped back from the lawsuit business .
The MPAA 's abortive campaign against individual file - swappers ended years ago , while the RIAA 's more widely publicized ( and criticized ) years - long campaign against P2P swappers ended over a year ago .
So why have P2P lawsuits against individuals spiked dramatically in 2010 ?
It 's all thanks to the US Copyright Group , a set of lawyers who have turned P2P prosecution into revenue generation in order to " SAVE CINEMA . "
The model could n't be simpler : find an indie filmmaker ; convince the production company to let you sue individual " John Does " for no charge ; send out subpoenas to reveal each Doe 's identity ; demand that each person pay $ 1,500 to $ 2,500 to make the lawsuit go away ; set up a website to accept checks and credit cards ; split the revenue with the filmmaker .
The lawsuits are brought in Washington , DC 's federal courthouse , and they all come from the same law firm : Leesburg , Virginia - based Dunlap , Grubb , & Weaver .
In half a year , the group has proved surprisingly active and has managed the rare feat of making the RIAA campaign look slow - moving and small - scale .
No one seems quite sure how large this new pool of lawsuits has become , so we scoured the DC federal docket to find out just how many of these cases were brought already in 2010 , and have collected them below for convenience .
With a major new case filed only a week ago , it 's clear that this campaign is just ramping up .
As it does so , the cries of those who say they have been wrongly targeted will grow — but most people will probably just pay up .
January 2010
The Gray Man , 749 Does .
Dunlap , Grubb , & Weaver went after its first set of targets in January , bringing suit on behalf of Worldwide Film Entertainment against 749 anonymous individuals .
The Gray Man tells the story of an aging grandfather with a secret : " in actuality , he is a child murderer who tortures and cannibalizes his victims . "
The film 's tagline reads , " A real - life Hannibal Lecter . "
Uncross the Stars , 195 Does .
In the other case filed in January , G2 Productions brought suit against 83 Does over the film Uncross the Stars , a family - friendly flick starring Ron Perlman ( who also plays Hellboy ) and Barbara Hershey .
The plot involves a retirement community in Arizona , which may be why the National Senior Living Providers Network called the film " a rare treat ... that makes the audience laugh and cry . "
The Uncross the Stars suit is notable for bring the first time that Dunlap , Grubb , & Weaver rolled out a strategy it would employ repeatedly over the following months : suing a few people first and then amending the complaint later to up the number significantly .
Thus , while the case is headed " G2 PRODUCTIONS , LLC v. DOES 1 - 83 , " 195 Does are now targeted after an Amended Complaint was filed .
March 2010
Far Cry , 4,577 Does .
( In ) famous German director Uwe Boll , best known for a series of mediocre video game films , got in on the lawsuit action two months later .
In the middle of March , Boll 's production company Achte / Neunte Boll Kino Beteiligungs GmbH filed suit against 2,049 Does over illicit distribution of the movie Far Cry based on the FPS of the same name .
A few weeks later , the complaint was amended and it upped the number of targeted Does to 4,577 .
Call of the Wild , 1,062 Does .
The 2009 3D adaptation of Jack London 's " Call of the Wild " was independently funded by Call of the Wild LLC .
The producers hitched themselves to the litigation dogsled , filing suit a day after the Far Cry case .
While only 358 Does were targeted initially , that number jumped to 1,062 a few weeks later as more Does were added in the Amended Complaint .
As for the movie itself , Christopher Lloyd starred in it , and a Variety review gave the picture decent marks apart from its use of the 3D gimmick .
" Too bad the animal 's protruding nose is the only feature that demands the third dimension , " the review concluded .
The Steam Experiment , 2,000 Does .
A few days later , yet another suit hit the DC District Court .
Production company West Bay One sued an even 2,000
Does over its film The Steam Experiment , also known as The Chaos Experiment .
The film stars Val Kilmer .
According to the Internet Movie Database plot summary , " A deranged scientist locks 6 people in a steam room and threatens to turn up the heat if the local paper does n't publish his story about global warming . "
April 2010
Smile Pretty ( aka Nasty ) and others , 1,000 Does .
Maverick Entertainment Group makes a host of low - budget films that will never make it to your local cineplex , including Army of the Dead , Border Town 2009 , Buds for Life , Demons at the Door , Holy Hustler , and Smile Pretty ( aka Nasty ) .
In mid-April , the company went after 1,000 Does for sharing one or more of these films over the Internet .
May 2010
The Hurt Locker , 5,000 Does .
The most influential case was filed only recently .
Thanks to its Oscar buzz , Voltage Pictures '
The Hurt Locker is the best known of all films involved in these lawsuits .
It 's also the largest case to date , with 5,000 Does , and has attracted some significant publicity .
Adding it up
14,583 Does have now been sued in federal court , with lawyers from Dunlap , Grubb & Weaver handling each case .
The number is extraordinary ; even after years of lawsuits , the RIAA campaign against file - swappers targeted 18,000 people ( you can see the bump caused by RIAA lawsuits in the chart below between 2003 and 2008 ) .
Between January and May of this year , indie filmmakers have been persuaded to go after almost the same number of people , with most of that volume coming in only three months .
Data source : Administrative Office of the Courts , Wired
The sheer volume suggests that these cases are n't designed for prosecution — and they do n't need to be .
As the RIAA lawsuits showed us , most people will settle .
Data from the recording industry lawsuits , revealed in a court case , showed that 11,000 of the 18,000 Does settled immediately or had their cases dropped by the labels .
Seven thousand either refused to settle or never responded to the settlement letter , but after the RIAA subpoenaed their identities and filed " named " lawsuits against them , nearly every one settled .
After years of litigation , the number of people who have pursued a trial all the way to a verdict can be counted on one hand .
The legal campaign has the potential to earn real money .
Copies of the settlement letters and settlement contracts seen by Ars Technica show that Dunlap , Grubb , & Weaver generally asks for $ 1,500 to $ 2,500 , threatening to sue for $ 150,000 if no settlement payment is forthcoming .
Assuming that 90 percent of the current targets settle for $ 1,500 , this means that the lawyers , studios , and P2P detection company would split $ 19.7 million .
Once the infrastructure has been set up , this sort of system is simple to replicate , since it 's built largely on sending out letters and collecting cash .
If the lawyers can continue signing up indie film clients at the current rate , they could be on their way to filing nearly 30,000 lawsuits by year 's end , which would double the potential cash on the table .
Capt .
Zachary Tegtmeier of Naperville , Illinois with the US Army 's 82nd Airborne Division uses the door to a M - ATV vehicle to shield him as he returns fire on attacking militants July 2 , 2010 over the village of Joikahr , Afghanistan .
Paratroopers in the 82nd Airborne moved on Joikahr in the early morning of July 2 to establish a security watchpost overlooking the town ; when they arrived , they found the town deserted of civilians and came under fire from suspected Taliban militants ensconced in the surrounding hills .
After several hours of fighting , the paratroopers along with Afghan forces established the outpost on a hill overlooking the village .
The U.S. Army 's 82nd Airborne along have been working with Afghanistan National Army forces for nearly a year in this combative zone in the far northwest of the country , building relationships and attempting extend the Afghanistan central government rule to this rural and fiercely independent area rife with Taliban insurgents .
( Chris Hondros / Getty Images ) #
Reposted from Populartechnology .net by invitation
Seven Eminent Physicists ; Freeman Dyson , Ivar Giaever ( Nobel Prize ) , Robert Laughlin ( Nobel Prize ) , Edward Teller , Frederick Seitz , Robert Jastrow and William Nierenberg all skeptical of “ man-made ” global warming ( AGW ) alarm .
Freeman Dyson , Scholar , Winchester College ( 1936 - 1941 ) , B.A. Mathematics , Cambridge University ( 1945 ) , Research Fellow , Trinity College , Cambridge University ( 1946–1947 ) , Commonwealth Fellow , Cornell University , ( 1947 –1948 ) , Commonwealth Fellow , Institute for Advanced Study , Princeton University ( 1948 –1949 ) , Research Fellow , University of Birmingham ( 1949 –1951 ) , Professor of Physics , Cornell University ( 1951 - 1953 ) , Fellow , Royal Society ( 1952 ) , Professor of Physics , Institute for Advanced Study , Princeton University ( 1953-1994 ) , Chairman , Federation of American Scientists ( 1962 -1963 ) , Member , National Academy of Sciences ( 1964 ) , Danny Heineman Prize , American Physical Society ( 1965 ) , Lorentz Medal , Royal Netherlands Academy of Arts and Sciences ( 1966 ) , Visiting Professor , Yeshiva University ( 1967 - 1968 ) , Hughes Medal , The Royal Society ( 1968 ) , Max Planck Medal , German Physical Society ( 1969 ) , J. Robert Oppenheimer Memorial Prize ( 1970 ) , Visiting Professor , Max Planck Institute for Physics and Astrophysics ( 1974 -1975 ) , Corresponding Member , Bavarian Academy of Sciences ( 1975 ) , Harvey Prize ( 1977 ) , Wolf Prize in Physics ( 1981 ) , Andrew Gemant Award , American Institute of Physics ( 1988 ) , Enrico Fermi Award , United States Department of Energy ( 1993 ) , Professor Emeritus of Physics , Institute for Advanced Study , Princeton University ( 1994 - Present ) , Member , London Mathematical Society ( 2000 ) , Member , NASA Advisory Council ( 2001 - 2003 ) , President , Space Studies Institute ( 2003 - Present )
Notable : Unification of Quantum Electrodynamics
Theory .
Signed : Global Warming Petition Project
“ My first heresy says that all the fuss about global warming is grossly exaggerated .
Here I am opposing the holy brotherhood of climate model experts and the crowd of deluded citizens who believe the numbers predicted by the computer models .
Of course , they say , I have no degree in meteorology and I am therefore not qualified to speak .
But I have studied the climate models and I know what they can do .
The models solve the equations of fluid dynamics , and they do a very good job of describing the fluid motions of the atmosphere and the oceans .
They do a very poor job of describing the clouds , the dust , the chemistry and the biology of fields and farms and forests .
They do not begin to describe the real world that we live in .
The real world is muddy and messy and full of things that we do not yet understand .
It is much easier for a scientist to sit in an air - conditioned building and run computer models , than to put on winter clothes and measure what is really happening outside in the swamps and the clouds .
That is why the climate model experts end up believing their own models . ” – Freeman Dyson
Ivar Giaever , M.E. , Norwegian Institute of Technology ( 1952 ) , Ph.D. Theoretical Physics , Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute ( 1964 ) , Engineer , Advanced Engineering Program , General Electric Company ( 1954 –1956 ) , Applied Mathematician , Research and Development Center , General Electric Company ( 1956 –1958 ) , Researcher , Research and Development Center , General Electric Company ( 1958 –1988 ) , Guggenheim Fellowship , Biophysics , Cambridge University ( 1969 - 1970 ) , Oliver E. Buckley Condensed Matter Prize ( 1965 ) , Nobel Prize in Physics ( 1973 ) , Member , American Academy of Arts & Sciences ( 1974 ) , Member , National Academy of Science ( 1974 ) , Member , National Academy of Engineering ( 1975 ) , Adjunct Professor of Physics , University of California , San Diego ( 1975 ) , Visiting Professor , Salk Institute for Biological Studies ( 1975 ) , Professor of Physics , Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute ( 1988-2005 ) , Founder and Chief Technology Officer , Applied BioPhysics ( 1991 - Present ) , Professor Emeritus of Physics , Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute ( 2005 - Present )
Notable : Nobel Prize in Physics .
“ I ’m a skeptic .
… Global Warming it ’s become a new religion .
You ’re not supposed to be against Global Warming .
You have basically no choice .
And I tell you how many scientists support that .
But the number of scientists is not important .
The only thing that ’s important is if the scientists are correct ; that ’s the important part . ” – Ivar Giaever
Robert Laughlin , A.B. Mathematics , University of California , Berkeley ( 1972 ) , Ph.D. Physics , Massachusetts Institute of Technology ( 1979 ) , Fellow , IBM ( 1976 -1978 ) , Postdoctoral Member , Technical Staff , Bell Laboratories ( 1979 –1981 ) , Research Physicist , Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory ( 1982–2004 ) , Associate Professor of Physics , Stanford University ( 1985 –1989 ) , E.O. Lawrence Award for Physics ( 1985 ) , Oliver E. Buckley Condensed Matter Prize ( 1986 ) , Eastman Kodak Lecturer , University of Rochester ( 1989 ) , Professor of Physics , Stanford University ( 1989 –1993 ) , Fellow , American Academy of Arts & Sciences ( 1990 ) , Anne T. and Robert M. Bass Professor of Physics , Stanford University ( 1992 –Present ) , Professor of Applied Physics , Stanford University ( 1993-2007 ) , Member , National Academy of Sciences ( 1994 ) , Nobel Prize in Physics ( 1998 ) , Board Member , Science Foundation Ireland ( 2002 -2003 ) , President , Asia - Pacific Center for Theoretical Physics ( 2004 -2006 ) , President , Korean Advanced Institute for Science and Technology ( 2004 –2006 )
Notable : Nobel Prize in Physics .
“ The geologic record suggests that climate ought not to concern us too much when we ’re gazing into the energy future , not because it ’s unimportant , but because it ’s beyond our power to control . ”
– Robert Laughlin
Edward Teller , B.S. Chemical Engineering , University of Karlsruhe ( 1928 ) , Ph.D. Physics , University of Leipzig ( 1930 ) , Research Associate , University of Leipzig ( 1929 –1931 ) , Research Associate , University of Göttingen ( 1931 –1933 ) , Rockefeller Fellow , Institute for Theoretical Physics , Copenhagen ( 1933 –1934 ) , Lecturer , London City College ( 1934 ) , Professor of Physics , George Washington University ( 1935 - 1941 ) , Researcher , Manhattan Project , Chicago Metallurgical Laboratory ( 1942-1943 ) , Group Leader , Manhattan Project , Los Alamos National Laboratory ( 1943-1946 ) , Professor of Physics , University of Chicago ( 1946-1952 ) , Member , National Academy of Sciences ( 1948 ) , Assistant Director , Los Alamos National Laboratory ( 1949 - 1952 ) , Developer , Hydrogen Bomb ( 1951 ) , Founder , Lawrence Livermore Laboratory ( 1952 ) , Professor of Physics , University of California , Berkeley ( 1953 - 1975 ) , Associate Director , Lawrence Livermore Laboratory ( 1954–1958 ) , Harrison Medal ( 1955 ) , Albert Einstein Award ( 1958 ) , Director , Lawrence Livermore Laboratory ( 1958 - 1960 ) , Professor , Hoover Institution on War Revolution and Peace , Stanford University ( 1960 –1975 ) , Enrico Fermi Award , United States Atomic Energy Commission ( 1962 ) , Senior Research Fellow , Hoover Institution ( 1975 -2003 ) , Professor Emeritus of Physics , University of California , Berkeley ( 1975 –2003 ) , National Medal of Science ( 1982 ) , Presidential Medal of Freedom ( 2003 ) , ( Died : September 9 , 2003 )
Notable : Manhattan Project Member , Developer of the Hydrogen Bomb and Founder of Lawrence Livermore Laboratory .
Signed : Global Warming Petition Project
“ Society ’s emissions of carbon dioxide may or may not turn out to have something significant to do with global warming –the jury is still out . ” – Edward Teller
Frederick Seitz , A.B. Mathematics , Stanford University ( 1932 ) , Ph.D. Physics , Princeton University ( 1934 ) , Proctor Fellow , Princeton University ( 1934 –1935 ) , Instructor in Physics , University of Rochester ( 1935 –1936 ) , Assistant Professor of Physics , University of Rochester ( 1936 –1937 ) , Research Physicist , General Electric Company ( 1937 –1939 ) , Assistant Professor of Physics , University of Pennsylvania ( 1939 –1941 ) , Associate Professor of Physics , University of Pennsylvania ( 1941 -1942 ) , Professor of Physics , Carnegie Institute of Technology ( 1942-1949 ) , Research Professor of Physics , University of Illinois ( 1949 - 1965 ) , Chairman , American Institute of Physics ( 1954 -1960 ) , President Emeritus , American Physical Society ( 1961 ) , President Emeritus , National Academy of Sciences ( 1962-1969 ) , Graduate College Dean , University of Illinois ( 1964-1965 ) , President Emeritus , Rockefeller University ( 1968 -1978 ) , Franklin Medal ( 1965 ) , American Institute of Physics Compton Medal ( 1970 ) , National Medal of Science ( 1973 ) , ( Died : March 2 , 2008 )
Notable : Pioneer in the field of solid - state physics and President Emeritus of the National Academy of Sciences .
Signed : Global Warming Petition Project
“ Research data on climate change do not show that human use of hydrocarbons is harmful .
To the contrary , there is good evidence that increased atmospheric carbon dioxide is environmentally helpful . ”
– Frederick Seitz
Robert Jastrow , A.B. Physics , Columbia University ( 1944 ) , A.M. Physics , Columbia University ( 1945 ) , Ph.D. Physics , Columbia University ( 1948 ) , Adjunct Professor of Geophysics , Columbia University ( 1944–1982 ) , Postdoctoral Fellow , Leiden University , Netherlands ( 1948-1949 ) , Scholar , Institute for Advanced Study , Princeton University ( 1949 - 1950 , 1953 ) , Assistant Professor of Physics , Yale ( 1953 - 1954 ) , Chief , NASA Theoretical Division ( 1958 -61 ) , Founding Director , NASA Goddard Institute for Space Studies ( 1961 -1981 ) , NASA Medal for Exceptional Scientific Achievement ( 1968 ) , Professor of Earth Sciences , Dartmouth College ( 1981 -1992 ) , Chairman , Mount Wilson Institute ( 1992–2003 ) , ( Died : February 8 , 2008 )
Notable : Founding Director of NASA ’s Goddard Institute for Space Studies and hosted more than 100 CBS - TV network programs on space science .
Signed : Global Warming Petition Project
“ The scientific facts indicate that all the temperature changes observed in the last 100 years were largely natural changes and were not caused by carbon dioxide produced in human activities . ” – Robert Jastrow
William Nierenberg , B.S. Physics , City College of New York ( 1939 ) , M.A. Physics , Columbia University ( 1942 ) , Ph.D. Physics , Columbia University ( 1947 ) , Researcher , Manhattan Project , Columbia SAM Laboratories ( 1942-1945 ) , Instructor in Physics , Columbia University ( 1946–1948 ) , Assistant Professor of Physics , University of Michigan ( 1948 –1950 ) , Associate Professor of Physics , University of California , Berkeley ( 1950 - 1953 ) , Professor of Physics , University of California , Berkeley ( 1954 –1965 ) , Assistant Secretary General for Scientific Affairs , NATO ( 1960 - 1962 ) , Director Emeritus , Scripps Institution of Oceanography ( 1965 - 1986 ) , Member , White House Task Force on Oceanography ( 1969 - 1970 ) , Member , National Academy of Sciences ( 1971 ) , Chairman , National Advisory Committee on Oceans and Atmosphere ( 1971 - 1975 ) , Member , National Advisory Committee on Oceans and Atmosphere ( 1971 –1978 ) , Member , National Science Board ( 1972–1978 , 1982–1988 ) , Chairman , Advisory Council , NASA ( 1978 - 1982 ) , Member , Space Panel , Naval Studies Board , National Research Council ( 1978 –1984 ) , Member , Council of the National Academy of Sciences ( 1979 - 1982 ) , Chairman , Carbon Dioxide Assessment Committee , National Academy of Sciences ( 1980 –1983 ) , NASA Distinguished Public Service Medal ( 1982 ) , ( Died : September 10 , 2000 )
Notable : Manhattan Project Member and Director Emeritus of the Scripps Institution of Oceanography .
Signed : Global Warming Petition Project
“ The available data on climate change , however , do not support these predictions , nor do they support the idea that human activity has caused , or will cause , a dangerous increase in global temperatures .
… These facts indicate that theoretical estimates of the greenhouse problem have greatly exaggerated its seriousness . ”
– William Nierenberg
Peer - Reviewed Climate Publications :
Can we control the carbon dioxide in the atmosphere ?
( Energy , Volume 2 , Issue 3 , pp. 287-291 , September 1977 )
– Freeman J. Dyson
Evidence for long - term brightness changes of solar - type stars
( Nature , Volume 348 , Number 6301 , pp. 520-523 , December 1990 )
– Robert Jastrow
Evidence on the climate impact of solar variations
( Energy , Volume 18 , Issue 12 , pp. 1285-1295 , December 1993 )
– Robert Jastrow
Global warming :
What does the science tell us ?
( Energy , Volume 16 , Issues 11 - 12 , pp. 1331-1345 , November - December 1991 )
– Robert Jastrow , William Nierenberg , Frederick Seitz
Keeping cool on global warming
( The Electricity Journal , Volume 5 , Issue 6 , pp. 32-41 , July 1992 )
– Frederick Seitz , William Nierenberg , Robert Jastrow
Rebuttals :
A Rebuttal to “ Jason and the Secret Climate Change War ” ( PDF ) ( Nicolas Nierenberg , Walter R. Tschinkel , Victoria J. Tschinkel )
Clouding the Truth : A Critique of Merchants of Doubt ( PDF ) ( The Marshall Institute )
Early Climate Change Consensus at the National Academy : The Origins and Making of Changing Climate ( PDF ) ( Nicolas Nierenberg , Walter R. Tschinkel , Victoria J. Tschinkel )
Vanity Scare ( TCS Daily )
References :
2008 – 58th Meeting of Nobel Laureates ( PDF ) ( University of Hartford )
Do people cause global warming ?
( The Heartland Institute )
Heretical thoughts about science and society ( Edge : The Third Culture )
Letter from Frederick Seitz ( Petition Project )
The Planet Needs a Sunscreen ( The Wall Street Journal )
What the Earth Knows ( The American Scholar )
Sponsored IT training links :
If interested in JN0 - 400 certification then take advantage of 1z0-053 dumps and 642-746 mock test written by certified expert to help you pass real test on time .
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
By Brian Beutler :
Congressional Democrats and the White House are toying with different ways to force BP to cover the costs of damages from the Gulf oil spill .
But they face stiff opposition from industry ... and it seems leading Republicans .
In response to a question from TPMDC , House Minority Leader John Boehner said he believes taxpayers should help pick up the tab for the clean up .
" I think the people responsible in the oil spill -- BP and the federal government -- should take full responsibility for what 's happening there , " Boehner said at his weekly press conference this morning .
Boehner 's statement followed comments last Friday by US Chamber of Commerce CEO Tom Donohue who said he opposes efforts to stick BP , a member of the Chamber , with the bill .
" It is generally not the practice of this country to change the laws after the game , " he said .
" Everybody is going to contribute to this clean up .
We are all going to have to do it .
We are going to have to get the money from the government and from the companies and we will figure out a way to do that . "
So today I asked Boehner , " Do you agree with Tom Donohue of the Chamber that the government and taxpayers should pitch in to clean up the oil spill ? "
The shorter answer is yes .
The Chamber is extremely influential in Republican politics , so on that level it's not particularly surprising that Boehner has Donohue 's back on this one .
But the politics of asking the federal government ( i.e. taxpayers ) to help cover the multi-billion dollar cleanup and rescue efforts are deadly .
Look for Democrats to jump all over this one .
Late update : Boehner spokesman Michael Steel emails to say " Boehner made a general statement about who is responsible for the spill , and the federal government oversight was clearly lacking , but he has said repeatedly that BP is responsible for the cost of the cleanup . "
Getting Your Open Source Project to 1.0
The project I founded , Apache CouchDB , recently hit 1.0 .
I 'm very proud :)
Awesome 1.0 cupcakes from Sauce Labs .
It 's been a long time , but we finally produced a release that 's complete , performs well and is rock solid .
Already CouchDB is on over 10 million machines .
It 's used by big respected websites ( like the BBC ) and groundbreaking organizations ( Mozilla and Canonical ) .
We run on most * nix , OS X , Windows , and even Android phones .
Have dozens of frameworks and client libraries available .
There are 2 books available for sale right now .
There is a venture capital backed startup , Cloudant , that offers CouchDB hosting and scales to huge datasets .
And I 'm CEO of another venture backed ( $ 2 million invested ) 12 person start - up , Couchio .
So how did I get here ?
It took a lot of time and effort ( almost 5 years ! ) , and the help of a lot of people .
Here are some tips of what it took to get CouchDB to 1.0 .
Why ?
Successful open source projects need a reason for being .
You need to decide why you are creating a project and what problems it solves .
Whether it's one or many reasons , you need to figure out what they are and explain them .
Perhaps you are making something new , that has n't existed .
Why has n't it existed it before ?
No had the idea ?
No one had the will to carry it through ?
Or maybe you are making something that 's already in existence , like an HTTP server .
What are your reasons ?
Simpler , faster , more features , different license ?
If you are just doing it as a learning exercise , that 's fine .
But do n't expect to attract a community until you can explain why it 's useful beyond you own personal goals .
With CouchDB , my reasons were :
1 . A schemaless document database with views , bi-directional replication and conflict detection to enable disconnected operation would be really useful .
2 . I wanted to understand more about creating distributed systems and database internals .
No one cares about reason # 2 except for me .
But the first reason is compelling .
Make sure you can tell people why your project exists and what it 's good for .
And put the reasons on your project site where people can find them .
Code Comes First
Do n't start a project unless you have a deep commitment to being a strong coder .
Now I 'm not saying you must be a strong coder to participate in a project .
Not at all .
I 'm saying that you must be strong coder to lead one .
Maybe you 'll get lucky and somehow attract a some really good coders to your project .
But most really good coders go to projects with already solid codebases , or start their own .
Also , you do n't have to be a strong coder when you start out , but you should know the basics and have a strong desire to learn and get better .
Do n't expect to attract anyone to your project until you have a substantial amount of working code that is n't a big ball of spaghetti .
With CouchDB , I always emphasized the quality of the high - level design and code implementation .
We cannot under any circumstances lose or corrupt your committed data , or get things into an inconsistent state .
Reliability and durability are absolutely imperative .
Any design or implementation that does n't meet these goals does n't make it into the project .
Some projects might not have an emphasis on the reliability , but on absolute performance .
That 's a fine choice to make , but make sure your users know what they are trading off .
And then actually deliver on the performance .
As the project moves along , you will need to ensure the code quality ( reliability , performance , resource , usage , etc ) is improving over time .
If you are n't a good coder , you wo n't be able to do this .
Know What You Aren't
Almost as important as knowing what your project is trying to accomplish , is know what it is n't trying to accomplish .
When your project starts to get traction , but before it 's done , you 'll get a lot of people who want the project to work more like things they 've used in the past .
New users might think your goals and abilities are cool , but they 'd trade it all for just a little more .
They 'll want everything your project does , plus a pony .
The problem is feature and scope creep .
Even if you are successfully keeping the project on track , the community may get slowed down dealing with people trying to make it something it 's not .
Stating clearly what your project is n't trying to do or be helps make it much easier to explain what you can't implement or change .
Now , you can't define everything your project is n't .
( It 's not a video game .
It 's not accounting software .
It 's not a banana .
It 's not a rainbow . etc. ) .
But you can find the things it 's related to , overlaps with , or might be confused with , and explicitly say it 's not those things .
With CouchDB , because we are a database , people often asked us to add features that were in traditional RDBMS's , but did n't fit well with the CouchDB data model .
Not being intimately familiar with CouchDB 's model and how it all fits together , they do n't realize that what they 're asking for simply does n't work .
But because we explicitly stated on the project site we are n't a relational database and are n't trying to replace relational databases , it made it much easier to explain why those features were n't a good fit for what CouchDB is trying to accomplish .
So if you do n't clearly define what your project is n't , often people will try to make it into those things .
This can damage the community , as moving forward is slower and people feel like they are n't being listened to .
Be explicit what you are n't , and it makes it much easier to focus on what you actually are .
Do n't Do Everything ( Well )
So you are superstar coder , your code is clear and concise and high quality , you write clear complete documentation , your create all the tests , and you fix every bug .
You are awesome !
Thing is , you might be awesome , but until you actually get a community behind the project , the project will be limited in an absolute sense by what a single person can produce .
And if you are doing everything , that 's not a whole lot .
Trying to do everything well means you 'll probably never actually release anything .
Unfortunately , at first , you _will_ need to do everything .
But just do n't do everything really well .
Instead , you 'll have do some things crappily , and then move on .
In addition to writing all the code , you 'll need to : Create a project site .
Explain your project .
Write documentation .
Do the releases .
Start a bug tracker .
Create a mailing list and answer questions .
And you 'll have to do most of these things poorly if you want to keep moving the ball forward .
You 'll have to do some things poorly .
But you 'll need to pick a few things that you do really well and execute on those things .
( The code should be one of the things you do well ) .
And everything you do , you 'll need to make it easy for others to participate .
To add patches , to update and create documentation , make bug reports and send patches .
And make it clear that help is desired .
Do n't get hung up on trying to make everything perfect .
That just paralyzes you .
But by picking a few things to do well , you will attract people to help you with the things you are n't doing well .
Community Wants to Help
Open Source is awesome in the way it attracts people who just want to help make something cool .
Many people want to contribute their time , but only if they think their help will amount to something in the long run .
They do n't want to spend time and effort on something that does n't yet show potential or might be abandoned if the creators lose interest .
If you have a solid codebase , then it becomes much easier to attract people to your community .
If people can recognize there is at least something high quality about your project , but it 's lacking in some areas , people will want to help you in those areas .
But you have to have the high quality pieces in place .
People do n't want to be the one excellent contributor to dreck .
They 'd rather not have their efforts associated at all .
They do want to be a part of something great .
They want to add their work and make it even better .
They want to contribute to projects where the total excellence of the project reflects well on them and their efforts .
They want to make the world a better place , and do n't want their efforts wasted .
And people who like making the world a better place are exactly the kind of people you want to attract .
You want people to have pride in their contributions , and to feel like they are really positively affecting the things they care about .
Those people have lots of projects to choose where they can add their time and talents .
If they feel their efforts on your project are wasted , they are gone .
Make sure the people who show a strong desire to contribute are n't ignored , and feel like their efforts will eventually amount to something .
Being a part of Apache has helped CouchDB tremendously .
Partially it 's because Apache has helped our visibility and credibility .
But it 's also because we 've adopted the " Apache Way " , which is more focused on the community aspects of a project than on any specific contributor .
Without our amazingly active community , CouchDB would be far behind where it is now .
Community Is Often Incompetent
Unfortunately , many people who will want to help you will produce contributions of poor quality .
You will have deal with this " help " , and do so diplomatically .
The best way to point out the shortcomings with their contributions is to identify what needs improvement without denigrating their overall effort .
This can be hard , and many do n't want to hear why their efforts are n't up to the project 's standards .
Sometimes you have to hurt peoples feelings .
But it 's better to be honest then to have the quality of your project brought down .
If they can't handle the feedback , so be it .
The good news is the people who do listen to constructive criticism and actually improve the quality of their contributions are incredibly valuable .
Look for these people and nurture their involvement .
With CouchDB , we try to listen to all members of our community , but we only grant commit access to the ones who have shown high quality contributions .
Our committers are our first line of defense against poor code and design .
Paul Graham Was Right
It seems to make sense to choose a mainstream language for your project .
The more mainstream it is , the larger the potential community you can attract .
While that 's true to an extent , the quality of the community is more important than its absolute size .
Much more important .
Using a mainstream language means you are also competing for contributor 's time from other projects in the same language .
So the pool is large , but in the end , you still have to attract quality developers from other things competing for their attention .
And the competition might actually be stronger in that larger pool .
The more mainstream a language , the more likely it is that a random developer knows it because it's what they use at work .
They are n't necessarily interested in being more productive , being more reliable , or whatever .
They are interested in getting paid , and they choose their language not for elegance , power or performance , but for the number of job openings available .
If you pick a non-mainstream , more esoteric language , you tend to get a higher quality of developer .
You tend to find people who absolutely love programming and building , and choose their languages not based on the scale of pay , but because they make the developers and projects more powerful .
So while the total pool of contributors is smaller , they tend to give a higher quality of contribution .
You get a much better signal to noise ratio .
As Paul Graham explained in Beating the Averages , the exotic languages tend to attract devs who love to learn and expand their toolbox .
You 'll attract more of the types of devs who do n't mind creating new code to fill in the gaps , or diving into source to find a bug .
They are n't afraid of what they do n't know , they actually get excited by the chance to learn and do something new .
But if you pick enterprisey language X , you might find you are spending more of your time fixing problems and dealing with developers who just do n't " get it " .
If you are n't careful , this can drown your project and bring the total code quality down to the point where you can't find good devs to help you anymore .
With the less popular , esoteric languages , that tends to be less of a problem and you get a higher quality of contribution in general .
Use Your Brain
I can keep listing all the stuff we did , but you are n't creating the same project under the same circumstances .
Pretty much everything I 've said here , we 've not followed at some point during the project .
Often it was to the detriment of the project , but sometimes it just did n't make sense to blindly follow a rule or guideline .
You have a brain , and using it is the most important thing to remember at anytime .
Projects can't follow cookie cutter rules .
Even the " Apache Way " , as I 've discovered , means different things to different people , often at different times .
So take my advice here with a grain of salt , and use your brain to figure out what 's actually important to you , your project and it 's community .
Good luck !
Posted July 29 , 2010 6:52 AM
One day after WikiLeaks exposures of US war crimes
Congress ratifies Obama escalation of Afghanistan war
By Patrick Martin
28 July 2010
Little more than 24 hours after the release of 91,000 documents detailing US military atrocities in Afghanistan , the Democratic - controlled House of Representatives gave final approval to a funding bill to pay for the escalation of the war .
By a margin of 308 - 114 , well over the two - thirds majority required under an expedited procedure known as “ suspension of the rules , ” the House backed a $ 60 billion supplemental funding bill passed by the Senate last week .
More than half the Democratic caucus joined forces with a near - unanimous Republican minority to pass the bill .
The comfortable two - thirds majority was significant since 162 Democrats voted earlier this month for a resolution to require the Obama administration to begin significant troop withdrawals by July 2011 .
If that many Democrats had opposed the funding bill , it would have failed to win a two - thirds vote , but as always in such parliamentary maneuvering , just enough Democrats switched their votes to provide the margin required to sustain the war policies of American imperialism .
The bill includes more than $ 33.5 billion for the additional 30,000 troops in Afghanistan and to pay for other Pentagon operational expenses , $ 5.1 billion to replenish the Federal Emergency Management Agency disaster relief fund , $ 6.2 billion for State Department aid programs in Afghanistan , Pakistan , Iraq and Haiti and $ 13.4 billion in benefits for Vietnam War veterans exposed to Agent Orange .
Domestic spending initiatives added to the supplemental bill to win passage through the House earlier this month were removed in the Senate after they failed to win even majority support , let alone 60 votes .
Among these were $ 10 billion for state governments to avert mass teacher layoffs .
In a public statement in the White House rose garden , after a morning meeting with congressional leaders of both parties , President Barack Obama appealed for the House to pass the emergency funding bill .
Obama addressed the release of documents by WikiLeaks for the first time , while deliberately evading the evidence of war crimes by US forces in Afghanistan .
Instead , he joined in the pretense that there was “ nothing new ” in the leaked documents , the line peddled by the White House to the American media and adopted by newspapers like the New York Times and Washington Post , as well as the television networks .
“ While I ’m concerned about the disclosure of sensitive information from the battlefield that could potentially jeopardize individuals or operations , ” Obama said , “ the fact is these documents do n’t reveal any issues that have n’t already informed our public debate on Afghanistan ; indeed , they point to the same challenges that led me to conduct an extensive review of our policy last fall . ”
Given that the WikiLeaks documents include reports on hundreds of incidents in which US forces killed innocent Afghan civilians , many of which were covered up or censored in the US media , Obama ’s claim is a flat - out lie .
These atrocities have not “ already informed our public debate on Afghanistan , ” since the public was not allowed to know about them .
There is no doubt that Obama himself , his top aides in the White House and Pentagon and the leading circles in the media were well aware of these atrocities .
That makes all the more criminal the president ’s decision to escalate the war in Afghanistan , pouring in 47,000 troops over the past year and a half and authorizing a major increase in the level of violence — knowing that thousands more innocent lives will be destroyed .
Obama reiterated his determination to stay the course in Afghanistan , declaring , “ We ’ve substantially increased our commitment there , insisted upon greater accountability from our partners in Afghanistan and Pakistan , developed a new strategy that can work and put in place a team , including one of our finest generals , to execute that plan .
Now we have to see that strategy through . ”
He described Afghanistan as “ the region from which the 9/11 attacks were waged and other attacks against the United States and our friends and allies have been planned . ”
This repeats the hoary mythology of the Bush administration , which sought to use 9/11 as an all - purpose pretext for US military aggression around the world .
US officials have conceded that the total number of Al Qaeda fighters in Afghanistan is less than 100 , an estimate that makes nonsense of the claim that the war is being waged to avenge the attacks on the World Trade Center and the Pentagon .
There are more than 100,000 US troops in Afghanistan because Obama , like Bush , is pursuing an agenda of using American military power to seize control of key strategic regions , particularly in the oil - rich Persian Gulf and Central Asia , to uphold the world position of American imperialism against its major rivals .
Public opinion in the United States and in most of the countries participating in the NATO intervention has turned decisively against the war in Afghanistan .
But this shift in mass sentiment finds no reflection within the two parties of big business that control Capitol Hill .
The so - called antiwar faction of the House Democrats issued an open letter Monday decrying the removal of social spending from the bill and citing the WikiLeaks material as a reason to oppose the funding bill — but only because the leaked documents show the difficulties facing the U.S. occupation , not because they provide evidence of war crimes .
The open letter of the “ antiwar ” Democrats — signed by , among others , former presidential candidate Dennis Kucinich , eight members of the Congressional Black Caucus , and Raul Grijalva , chairman of the House Progressive Caucus — criticizes the war as a failure in a good cause , not an atrocity in a bad one .
The letter does not call for the withdrawal of US troops from Afghanistan .
Instead it credits the US military and the Obama administration with “ trying to build a modern , democratic state in an area divided by tribal and ethnic identities , ” only expressing regret that this mission is unlikely to succeed .
This is not genuine opposition to imperialist war , but rather an effort to save American imperialism from a humiliating defeat .
Kucinich & Co. want a gradual pullback of US forces before the entire operation culminates in a Vietnam - style debacle , with American helicopters plucking the frightened remnants of a US puppet regime from rooftops in Kabul .
In the meantime , their participation in the congressional charade gives a “ left ” cover for the Democratic Party and the Obama administration .
Two Senate committee hearings Tuesday demonstrated the all - out support for the Afghanistan war in both the Democratic and Republican parties .
The Senate Armed Services Committee rubber - stamped the nomination of Marine General James Mattis to succeed General David Petraeus as the head of the US Central Command , which oversees military operations in both Afghanistan and Iraq .
The Senate Foreign Relations Committee held a hearing on the question of whether and under what circumstances it would be possible for the US to negotiate with the insurgents in Afghanistan .
Committee chairman John Kerry , the Democratic presidential candidate in 2004 and an erstwhile antiwar activist during the Vietnam War , dismissed the significance of the WikiLeaks exposure of US atrocities in Afghanistan .
It was “ important not to over - hype or get excessively excited about the meaning of those documents , ” he said .
“ To those of us who lived through the Pentagon Papers , there ’s no relation to that event or these documents .
People need to be very careful in evaluating what they read there . ”
The lead witness at the hearing , former US Ambassador to Iraq Ryan Crocker , warned that US public opinion was turning against the war .
“ Impatience is on the rise again in this country , ” he told the committee , warning that a collapse of domestic political support for the war was “ what our adversaries are counting on now . ”
In that context , he expressed reservations about the July 2011 date set by Obama for beginning a limited drawdown of US troops from Afghanistan .
Australian counterinsurgency specialist David Kilcullen , a key adviser of US General David Petraeus during the Iraq “ surge , ” called for the Obama administration to “ stop talking about 2011 , start talking about 2014 . ”
He added that the main necessity is “ a big tactical hit on the Taliban , ” inflicting “ very significant damage . ”
The bloodshed would be “ unpleasant , but unavoidable . ”
This view was echoed by Senator Richard Lugar of Indiana , the senior Republican on the committee .
“ For the negotiating to be successful , we have to demonstrate strength , ” he said .
“ As bloody as this sounds , it ’s critical that we kill a lot of Taliban . ”
He called for inflicting “ a rather significant casualty toll , observed by all parties including the Taliban and those we ’re negotiating with . ”
The leading Democrat in the House of Representatives , Speaker Nancy Pelosi , came to Obama ’s defense over the WikiLeaks documents , saying , “ they do not address current circumstances .
A lot of it predates the president ’s new policy . ”
Actually , of course , Obama ’s “ new policy ” calls for much more killing , not less .
The after - action reports of the slaughter of civilians through bombing , missiles , artillery and small arms have no doubt doubled and tripled as the US military has gone on the offensive in the Taliban strongholds in southern and eastern Afghanistan .
Another House Democratic supporter of the war , Adam Smith of Washington state , openly defended the operations of Task Force 373 , the military death squad whose brutal activities caused much of the devastation detailed in the WikiLeaks documents .
“ This is a war .
The enemy is shooting at us , and we ’re shooting at them , ” Smith told the Associated Press .
U.S. troops are “ aggressively targeting ” the insurgents , he said , but “ condemnation of our troops is completely wrong and brutally unfair . ”
The bloody - minded consensus in official Washington was summed up in an editorial Tuesday in the Washington Post , which denounced claims that the WikiLeaks documents constituted “ evidence for war crimes prosecution . ”
The newspaper dismissed the tally of 144 cases where US and NATO forces killed civilians , concluding “ the 195 deaths it counts in those episodes , though regrettable , do not constitute a shocking total for a four - year period . ”
California Republicans are buzzing about the possibility that billionaire gubernatorial candidate Meg Whitman - who has spent nearly $ 100 million of her own money on her campaign - could be preparing another unprecedented personal investment in her political future : a $ 30 million - plus infusion into the state party .
The Chronicle has obtained a draft of a detailed 44 - page state GOP " 2010 Victory Plan " that outlines the party 's $ 85.5 million financial blueprint for a campaign effort that includes $ 30 million directed to the gubernatorial race .
The former eBay CEO is " putting a significant amount of money in ... it could be $ 30 to $ 40 million , " said a GOP insider familiar with the plan .
The source said Whitman is also expected to tap her fundraising sources and contacts for the party 's benefit .
Whitman 's potential $ 30 million in contributions was confirmed by prominent state Republicans , who spoke on condition that they would not be named for publication .
But Whitman spokesman Tucker Bounds strongly denied the notion .
" No secret document or anonymous source you have is credible in this because Meg is not writing the $ 30 million check , " he said .
" It 's simple .
Meg is planning to help solicit outside contributions to the party and working tirelessly to defeat the status quo in Sacramento .
That 's the plan and it is n't a secret . "
Moreover , Whitman campaign officials insisted the candidate is planning no sizeable contributions to the state GOP .
Reshaping politics
With four months to go before the November election and the latest polls showing the gubernatorial race in a dead heat between Whitman and Democratic state Attorney General Jerry Brown , the buzz about Whitman 's seemingly bottomless checkbook underscores how the GOP candidate - who has already broken all spending records - continues to reshape California politics dramatically .
The victory plan specifically states that the mission of the party in 2010 is " to put a Republican governor in Sacramento by strategically communicating , promoting and supporting the ( state party ) message to its members , elected officials and candidates . "
Gubernatorial candidates frequently donate and fundraise heavily for state party causes - as has Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger .
But with a net worth exceeding $ 1 billion , Whitman is by far the wealthiest candidate ever to seek state office .
Struggle to expand
Party insiders say that a move by Whitman could have wide - reaching effects in a party that has struggled to expand its shrinking base in the nation 's most populous state .
Currently , 45 percent of California voters are registered Democrats , giving the party a 2 million vote advantage over the GOP , which has 31 percent of the registered electorate .
Twenty percent of voters are classified " decline to state . "
This sort of cash infusion for the GOP - it has $ 1.8 million in the bank , according to the secretary of state 's most recent reports , filed in June - would help with the plan 's stated aim of registering 500,000 new GOP voters .
" I can confirm her campaign is very engaged with the state GOP and her commitment to carry us across the finish line is very sincere and very substantial , " said state GOP vice chair Jon Fleischman , publisher of the popular Flashreport.org website .
Though Fleischman would not confirm any specifics of the plan , other Republicans did .
Still , Fleischman said state Republicans welcomed Whitman 's support in beating Brown , whose campaign has been bolstered by at least four independent expenditure efforts funded by major union groups .
" Meg Whitman 's organization has been a partner in the creation and development of a statewide political plan , and we 're excited to have her at the top of the ticket , " said Fleischman .
Strings attached ?
And while appreciative of receiving an influx of dollars , other conservative activists were wary .
" The question is , would there be strings attached to the money ? " said Mike Spence , a GOP strategist and former president of the California Republican Assembly , a conservative activist organization .
The draft of the plan calls for the hiring of an army of new GOP political operatives , including technology coordinators , media trainers , voter - outreach coordinators and " a team of ethnically , linguistically and geographically based group of surrogates " to speak on the candidate 's behalf in 13 media markets .
Already , sources said , some of Whitman 's top insiders are involved in hiring the team that will oversee the effort - including some of the same veteran operatives now at work in Whitman 's campaign .
The revelation about Whitman 's role in GOP finances comes in a week when she has been in the national spotlight on money issues .
A New York Times story earlier this week outlined how Whitman invested $ 1 million in political consultant Mike Murphy 's independent film company just days after he told rival political GOP candidate Steve Poizner he would no longer be involved in politics .
Murphy later went to work for Whitman as her senior campaign adviser .
Whitman is estimated to be spending $ 2 million a week on her campaign since winning the GOP primary .
Chronicle staff writer Drew Joseph contributed to this report .
GOP victory plan
The 2010 Victory Plan is a draft of the state GOP 's effort to register voters , a day - by - day action plan leading up to the election , a fundraising strategy and media blueprint .
The plan , dated in May , includes an $ 85.5 million budget .
Of that , $ 30 million is earmarked for the gubernatorial race , $ 10 million for other races .
The most recent reports show the party had $ 1.8 million as of June 5 .
( PhysOrg.com ) --
One of the most well - known " rules " of quantum physics is that all quantum properties are lost due to environmental interaction .
This rule , though , may not hold true in all situations .
" We have discovered the first counter to this common rule , " Sabrina Maniscalco tells PhysOrg.com .
Maniscalco is a researcher at the Turku Centre for Quantum Physics , University of Turku in Finland .
Along with fellow researcher ( and husband ) Jyrki Piilo , and Ph.D. student Laura Mazzola , Maniscalco has identified evidence that some quantum correlations can remain intact .
The results of their work are published in Physical Review Letters : “ Sudden Transition between Classical and Quantum Decoherence . ”
“ Laura really did most of the work , ” Maniscalco says .
“ She was studying different interactions between quantum properties and the environment , and looking for different correlations in noisy quantum systems .
No one expected her to find strange behavior .
When she first called Jyrki and me with the result , we thought it must be a mistake . ”
Maniscalco and Piilo went over the data and realized that it was n’t a mistake .
“ We checked the calculations again , and found that the time evolution of quantum correlations in this case remains constant for a long time .
It represented a transition between classical and quantum decoherence , and the quantum property was not lost . ”
This particular correlation can be found , for example , in quantum systems comprising of two qubits .
“ These qubits , each with different properties , such as different polarizations , have to interact with a type of noise that does n’t change the energy of the qubits , ” Maniscalco explains .
“ Instead of changing the energy , the noise just changes the phase , such as flipping polarizations .
The type of noise that we have considered is one that contains all frequencies in a way that is very similar to white noise . ”
While this discovery is theoretical , Maniscalco says that it has an experimental basis as well .
“ A very recent experiment has confirmed a type of quantum correlation that is not affected by the environment .
And this is not a weird type of environment ; it ’s a natural environment that we could work in right now . ”
( For more on this experiment , see Jin-Shi Xu , et. al. , “ Experimental investigation of classical and quantum correlations under decoherence , ” Nature Communications ( April 2010 ) .
Doi:10.1038/ncomms1005 . )
In the last 20 years , Maniscalco points out , technology has advanced to the point where it is possible to use single atoms or photons to build quantum logic gates for future quantum computers , or perform communication , measurement and cryptography tasks .
“ We ’ve learned that it is possible to exploit the quantumness of the microscopic state , but in order for us to succeed , the quantum properties have to remain intact for a long time .
That is a challenge , since once the properties are lost through interaction with the environment , a device ca n’t exploit quantumness . ”
This discovery that certain quantum correlations are not lost in presence of the environment could lead an increased ability to exploit the quantum world for use in technological devices .
Maniscalco points out that the idea that all quantum properties need not be lost through interaction with the environment presents more than interesting fundamental implications .
“ While this work has a surprising fundamental aspect , ” she says , “ it opens up a whole range of possibilities with applications in quantum technology , including computing , communications , metrology and cryptography . ”
Next , Maniscalco says that her group , and Piilo ’s group , at the University of Turku will need to study this effect .
“ We need to learn the most general conditions for this behavior , and see if it holds for other environments .
We are also working toward deigning a quantum protocol that uses this state , so that we can demonstrate an application of this effect in practice . ”
For more information , you can visit the Open Quantum Systems and Entanglement group and the Non-Markovian Processes and Complex Systems group web pages .
Explore further Quantum cryptography : No Signaling and quantum key distribution
More information : Laura Mazzola , Jyrki Piilo , and Sabrina Maniscalco , “ Sudden Transition between Classical and Quantum Decoherence , Physical Review Letters ( May 2010 ) .
Available online : Laura Mazzola , Jyrki Piilo , and Sabrina Maniscalco , “ Sudden Transition between Classical and Quantum Decoherence , Physical Review Letters ( May 2010 ) .
Available online : link.aps.org/doi/10.1103/PhysRevLett.104.200401
Copyright 2010 PhysOrg.com .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed in whole or part without the express written permission of PhysOrg.com .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Scott Winship pisses me off today :
Quick — what was the risk in 2008 that an American worker would experience at least one bout of unemployment ?
Chances are you thought that that risk was higher than one in eight .
But figures from government surveys indeed suggest that thirteen out of fifteen workers ( or would - be workers ) had not a single day unemployed during the first year of the “ Great Recession ” … .
The 2009 data wo n’t be out until later in the year , but if last year ends up comparable to the depths of the early 1980s recession , then the average worker will “ only ” have had a seven in nine chance of avoiding unemployment .
Quick — which is bigger ?
One in eight ?
Or thirteen out of fifteen ?
Or maybe seven in nine ?
Stop it !
Just stop .
This is not a more user friendly way of presenting data .
This is :
Quick — what was the risk in 2008 that an American worker would experience at least one bout of unemployment ?
Chances are you thought that that risk was higher than 13 % .
But figures from government surveys indeed suggest that 87 % of workers ( or would - be workers ) had not a single day unemployed during the first year of the “ Great Recession ” … .
The 2009 data wo n’t be out until later in the year , but if last year ends up comparable to the depths of the early 1980s recession , then the average worker will “ only ” have had a 78 % chance of avoiding unemployment .
Yeah , everyone hates percentages .
But at least this allows the reader to quickly compare the magnitudes in question .
The “ blank in blank ” formulation merely adds an extra level of confusion .
OK .
I ’m glad I got that off my chest .
And now , for the actual substance of Winship ’s post , it ’s this : unemployment is really bad right now .
Really , really bad .
His chart is on the left : it shows that there are about five people unemployed for every job opening .
A different chart is on the right .
It shows there are about five people unemployed for every job opening .
In words that even Mitch McConnell can understand , the unemployed are n’t slacking off because they enjoy the vacation .
They ’re out of work because there are n’t any jobs .
And no , it ’s not because American CEOs are consumed with worry about the effects of healthcare reform in 2014 .
It ’s because there is n’t enough demand for their products , so they are n’t expanding and they are n’t hiring people .
Some actual action on this front would be great .
COLUMBUS , Ohio  Quick , what do you think about when you hear the words “ Columbus , Ohio ” ?
Still waiting .
...
And that ’s the problem that civic leaders here hope to solve .
This capital city in the middle of a state better known , fairly or not , for cornfields and rusting factories has a low cost of living , easy traffic and a comparatively robust economy .
It variously has been pronounced to have the nation ’s best zoo , best science museum and best public library .
For sports fans , “ Ohio State Buckeyes ” says it all .
What Columbus does not have , to the despair of its leaders , is an image .
As home to major research centers , it has long outgrown its 1960s self - concept as a cow town , and its distinction as the birthplace of the Wendy ’s hamburger chain does not quite do the trick these days .
The city lacks a shorthand way to sell itself  a signature like the Big Apple or an intriguing tagline like Austin ’s “ Live Music Capital of the World . ”
As a result , those working to attract new companies , top professors , conventions and tourists have a hard time explaining how Columbus differs from dozens of other cities that likewise claim to be livable , progressive and fun .
By Steve Goddard
The Arctic is proud to have been listed as one of many “ fastest warming places on earth . ”
The GISS 250 km Arctic image below shows temperature trends from 1880 - 2009 .
Areas in black represent regions with no data .
In most fields of science , data is considered an essential element of historical analysis .
But climate science gets a pass , because it involves “ saving the planet . ”
Antarctic coverage is equally as impressive .
The image below looks right through the earth to the Arctic hole .
Temperatures in the high Arctic have been running well below normal and have started their annual decline .
There are only about 30 days left of possible melt above 80N .
http://ocean.dmi.dk/arctic/meant80n.uk.php
This can be seen in North Pole webcams which show the ice frozen solid .
http://psc.apl.washington.edu/northpole/webphotos/noaa2.jpg
As forecast in last week ’s sea ice news , ice loss accelerated during the past week over the East Siberian Sea due to above normal temperatures .
http://ocean.dmi.dk/arctic/icecover.uk.php
The modified NSIDC map below shows ( in red ) regions of the Arctic that have lost ice over the past week .
The modified NSIDC map below shows ( in red ) ice loss since early April .
The modified NSIDC map below shows ( in red ) ice loss since July 1 .
The Beaufort Sea has actually gained ice ( green . )
Looks like a Northwest Passage traverse is quite possible ( by helicopter . )
Ice loss from July 1 through July 23 has been the slowest on record in the JAXA database .
Ice loss during July has been about one half that of 2007 .
The graph below shows the difference between 2010 and 2007 melt .
2010 started the month half a million km² behind 2007 , and is now half a million km² ahead of 2007 .
The modified NSIDC image below shows the difference between 2007 ice and 2010 ice .
Green indicates more ice in 2010 , red indicates less .
“ Climate expert ” Joe Romm reported in May
Arctic sea ice shrinks faster than 2007 , NSIDC director Serreze says , “ I think it ’s quite possible ” we could “ break another record this year . ”
Watts and Goddard seem in denial
Average ice thickness continues to follow a track below 2006 and above 2009 , hinting that my prediction of a 5.5 million km² minimum continues to be correct .
During July , ice movement has been quite different from 2007 – which had strong winds compressing the ice towards the pole .
By contrast , July 2010 has seen winds generally pushing away from the pole .
Thus the ice edge on the Pacific side is further from the pole .
No rocket science there , and a pretty strong indication that the alleged 2007 record summer melt was primarily due to wind .
Cryosphere Today showed two days ago that Arctic Basin ice is nearly identical to 20 years ago , but unfortunately their web site is down and I can’t generate any images .
NCEP forecasts warm temperatures in the East Siberian , Chukchi and Beaufort Seas for the next week , so I expect that melt will continue around the edges of the Arctic Basin .
Meanwhile , Antarctic ice continues well above normal .
Antarctica is also the fastest warming place on the planet .
Conclusion :
There is no polar meltdown at either pole .
Next week we start comparing PIOMASS forecasts vs. reality .
PIOMASS claims that Arctic ice is the thinnest on record .
============================================
Do n’t forget to bookmark WUWT ’s new Sea Ice Page
Sponsored IT training links :
Subscribe for 350-030 training and get up to date 70 - 649 materials with 100 % success guarantee plus get free demos for 220 - 701 exam .
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Trust the Power of Experience
Our focus is our clients .
We represent people who have been hurt by the misdeeds of others .
A veteran of countless jury and non-jury trials , Peter knows that justice just does n't happen by accident .
Whether it is cases involving personal injury , medical malpractice , elder abuse , wrongful death , discrimination , sexual harassment , wages and hour , employment class actions or catastrophic injuries , we understand the value of preparation and passion for our clients .
[ If you are visiting this site , you 're probably hurting or know someone who is .
We unfortunately can't take away the pain and suffering .
But what we can do is our absolute best to make sure you receive the justice you deserve .
Employment Attorney in Los Angeles , California
Employees are often at the mercy of their employers .
They feel — and often are — powerless .
The ability to provide or withhold a paycheck gives the employer a decided advantage , which is frequently abused .
At the firm of Peter K. Levine , we restore the power our clients have lost in the unequal relationship between employer and employee .
We level the playing field , and give employees the ability to reclaim the rights that have been lost and wrongfully taken from them .
Upholding the Dignity of Employees
Our firm believes that all people deserve dignity and respect in the workplace .
We work to empower employees and help them regain and retain their rights .
We obtain compensation and justice for employees who have been wrongfully terminated .
Our firm stands up for victims of employment discrimination .
We obtain vindication for whistleblowers and compensation for those who have not received the overtime pay that is owed them .
We handle both individual and class action suits .
In these and other cases involving employment law violations , we are determined to prevail .
Working Hard , Working Smart
Peter K. Levine diligently works on behalf of clients .
We also work intelligently .
Our firm carefully analyzes the facts of each case , looking for patterns of employer behavior and ways to win the client 's case .
Using our legal knowledge and 30 years of experience , we work with determination to fight for our clients ' goals .
In many cases , this goal is obtaining the compensation that has been unfairly denied .
In other cases , it means getting the legal system to acknowledge the injustice that has been committed .
In every case , it means restoring the rights and dignity of the individual .
Self - respect and justice are our goals .
Put the Power of Experience to Work for You
For a free initial consultation with a lawyer at the firm of Peter K. Levine , call 323-617-4406 or send us an e-mail .
Located in Los Angeles , we handle employment law cases throughout Southern California .
Every year , we deliver an inspirational week - long street football tournament .
Our event brings together more than 450 players from 40 + countries around the world .
These players have faced homelessness and social marginalisation .
The tournament attracts thousands of visitors each year with millions more following online .
The best MLBB lip colors straight from reviewer experience .
Best of all ?
We ...
The best MLBB lip colors straight from reviewer experience .
Best of all ?
We cite which colors work for which skin tones !
Posted on June 30 , 2010
Obama On Unemployment At 9.6 % : At Least It 's Not " 12 or 13 or 15 " Percent
President Obama told a Wisconsin town hall today that the unemployment rate is lower than it would be if the Recovery Act ( the stimulus ) had not passed .
Obama told the audience " unemployment 's at 9.6 % . "
" Yes , but it 's not 12 or 13 or 15 , " Obama said defending his policy .
The economy " recovered more than people expected last year , " he added .
" Things are n't as bad as they could have been , this could have been a catastrophe , in that sense it [ the stimulus ] worked , " Obama claimed .
What is Extended Static Checking ?
Extended Static Checking ( ESC ) is the main technique used in Whiley .
But , what is it ?
Since there is n’t a huge amount of information available on the web , I thought some discussion about this would be useful .
The term “ static ” implies that ESC is applied at Compile - Time — that is , when a program is constructed , rather than when it is run .
The term “ extended ” implies it catches more errors than the convential techniques used in languages like Java .
Extended Static
Checking represents one point on a scale which ranges between making no effort to catch errors , up to performing ( usually by hand ) a detailed and rigorous proof that a program is correct .
Roughly speaking , this scale looks something like this :
Here , I consider Languages like C and C++ to have no checking as , whilst they do have types , they are not strongly enforced and can cause arbitrary crashing at runtime ( e.g. the infamous blue screen of death , or the equally annoying seg fault ) .
Dynamic type checking includes languages like Python , PHP , JavaScript , Ruby , Lisp and SmallTalk ( to name just a few ) .
Here , the type system is strongly enforced at runtime to prevent arbitrary crashing , although type errors can still occur during execution .
Extended dynamic checking is less common and represents efforts to check more detailed constraints at runtime .
Examples of this include Eiffel , JML RAC , Contract4J and JContractor .
With dynamic checking , errors are not spotted until they actually occur during a program ’s execution .
Obviously , if this happens after the program has been released it is , at best , embarrassing and , in the worst - case , leads to catastrophic failure .
Proponents of dynamic checking argue that modern software development processes , with their strong emphasis on software testing , dramatically reduce the chances of this happening .
In many situations , the risk is out - weighed by the ease of development offered by dynamically checked languages .
However , in situations which are saftey - critical or where very large and complex systems are being developed , more rigorous techniques are necessary .
This is where static checking comes into play .
The advantage of static checking over dynamic or runtime checking is that it happens before the program is ever run .
Thus , we have a guarantee that certain kinds of error can never happen during a program ’s execution .
Obviously , this is desirable , but it comes at a cost .
Programming in statically checked languages is often more involved and requires strict adherence to certain rules .
Static type checking covers the majority of statically checked programming languages , including Java , C# and Haskell .
In this case , each program variable is given a fixed type ( e.g. string , int , real , etc ) and the language guarantees it only ever holds values of this type .
However , whilst this is certainly useful , it accounts for only a small fraction of the errors which can arise during a program ’s execution .
Extended Static
Checking attempts to take this further by catching a much larger range of errors .
The aim is to be fully automatic — meaning no human intervention is required .
Examples of errors which can be caught using this technique include division - by - zero , array out - of - bounds , integer overflow and null dereferencing .
The technique enforces detailed constraints on what values a program variable may hold .
For example , that an integer variable can only hold values between 1 and 7 ( since it represents a day of the week ) .
Modern languages like Java cannot statically check constraints such as this and , hence , variables may hold incorrect values during execution .
The term “ Extended Static Checking ” is really a catch - all for a range of techniques developed and used in both academia and industry over the last 40 years , including static analysis , abstract interpretation , model checking , SAT solving and automated theorem proving .
Languages which employ extended static checking are few and far between , and none has yet made it into the mainstream .
Examples include Spec# , JML ( via ESC / Java ) , Dafny , SPARKada and , of course , Whiley .
Going beyond extended static checking moves us into the area of full formal verification .
Here , pretty much anything goes in an effort to prove that a program is correct with respect to a specification or property of interest .
Proofs are often done by hand , although mechanical proof assistants , such as HOL , Isabelle and Coq , are increasingly used to help manage the complexity .
A proof assistant is a tool for developing proofs which can help automate much of the grunt - work involved , but which still relies on a human operator to make important decisions .
A good example of a recent full verification project is that of the Microsoft Hypervisor , where VCC was used in proving 50,000 lines of C code were correct .
Anyway , I think that ’s enough for now !
Further Reading
Extended Static Checking for Java , Cormac Flanagan , K. Rustan M. Leino , Mark Lillibridge , Greg Nelson , James B. Saxe and Raymie Stata .
In Proceedings of the Conference on Programming Language Design and Implementation ( PLDI ) , 2002 . [ PDF ]
, Cormac Flanagan , K. Rustan M. Leino , Mark Lillibridge , Greg Nelson , James B. Saxe and Raymie Stata .
In Proceedings of the [ PDF ] The Spec# Programming System : An Overview , Mike Barnett , K. Rustan M. Leino and Wolfram Schulte , In Proceedings of the Conference on Construction and Analysis of Safe , Secure , and Interoperable Smart Devices , 2005 . [ PDF ]
, Mike Barnett , K. Rustan M. Leino and Wolfram Schulte , In Proceedings of the Conference on Construction and Analysis of Safe , Secure , and Interoperable Smart Devices , 2005 . [ PDF ] Calysto : Scalable and Precise Extended Static Checking , Domagoj Babic and Alan J. Hu .
In P roceedings of the International Conference on Software Engineering ( ICSE ) , 2008 . [ PDF
Domagoj Babic and Alan J. Hu. In P Improving Computer Security using Extended Static Checking , B. V. Chess .
In Proceedings of IEEE Symposium on Security and Privacy , 2002 . [ PDF ]
, B. V. Chess .
In Proceedings of IEEE Symposium on Security and Privacy , 2002 . [ PDF ]
Improving the Quality of Web - based Enterprise Applications with Extended Static Checking : A Case Study , Frédéric Rioux and Patrice Chalin .
Electronic Notes in Theoretical Computer Science , 157( 2) :119–132 , 2006 . [ PDF ]
Frédéric Rioux and Patrice Chalin .
Electronic Notes in Theoretical Computer Science , 157( 2) :119–132 , 2006 . [ PDF ]
Faster and More Complete Extended Static Checking for the Java Modelling Language , Perry R. James , Patrice Chalin .
In Journal of Automated Reasoning , 44(1-2) :145–174 , 2009 [ PDF ]
, Perry R. James , Patrice Chalin .
In Journal of Automated Reasoning , 44(1-2) :145–174 , 2009 [ PDF ] Extended Static Checking for Haskell , Dana N. Xu.
In Proceedings of the ACM workshop on Haskell , 2006 . [ PDF
Dana N. Xu. In Extended Static Checking : a Ten - Year Perspective , K Rustan Leino .
Informatics , 2001 . [ PDF ]
, .
Informatics , 2001 . [ PDF ]
An extended Static Checker for Modula - 3 , K. Rustan M. Leino and Greg Nelson .
In Proceedings of the Conference on Compiler Construction , 1998 . [ PDF ]
K. Rustan M. Leino and Greg Nelson .
In Proceedings of the Conference on Compiler Construction , 1998 . [ PDF ] Extended Static Checking , David L. Detlefs , K. Rustan M. Leino , Greg Nelson , James B. Saxe .
Compaq SRC Research Report 159 , 1998 . [ PDF ]
See also the talk on Extended Static Checking by Greg Nelson over on ResearchChannel , and also the discussion of Strong Typing over on C2 .
The ESC / Java tool is also available for download from here .
http://research.microsoft.com/en-us/projects/specSharp//
DETROIT – “ The fight for jobs is probably the most unifying struggle right now .
It is the key struggle .
It connects to every other struggle we face right now .
It will allow America to find its soul again , ” Nick Unger , from the AFL - CIO Strategic Campaign Center , told a packed workshop here at the U.S. Social Forum , June 23 .
The AFL - CIO , the nation ’s largest labor federation , has a combined membership of about 12 million workers , led by dozens of international unions .
“ We have to fight for jobs to get out of this economic mess , ” Unger continued .
“ This is our shot .
This is our time .
Jobs is the issue . ”
The workshop , titled “ Good Jobs for All : Winning Full & Fair Employment & A New Economy , ” brought together trade union leaders , community activists and youth from across the country to discuss the current economic crisis , unemployment and the struggle for good paying , union jobs .
According to Fran Tobin , Midwest field organizer for Jobs with Justice , “ We are in an economic crisis worse than any other crisis since World War II . ” JwJ is a national grassroots labor , community , faith and student coalition .
“ Corporations have concentrated power and money into their hands ” and are attempting to “ redefine normal , ” Tobin said .
“ They are attempting to redefine the narrative , to change expectations , to make good jobs with good benefits a distant memory . ”
Around 15 million Americans are out of work and there are six job - seekers for each job opening .
About 100,000 workers join the ranks of the unemployed every month .
Nearly 3 million foreclosures are expected this year and public services for working people are being slashed due to recession - induced budget shortfalls .
Tobin declared , “ Corporate greed and Wall Street recklessly started this crisis .
They wrecked things .
They are the evildoers .
We need to get in their face .
We need to build the movement . ”
“ We need big , bold jobs creation programs , ” Tobin added .
“ We have deep , serious and major problems , and we need a deep , serious and militant movement to turn this thing around . ”
“ We need to start talking about full - employment programs .
We need to set the stage for a full - employment future , ” he said .
James Mumm , director of organizing at National People ’s Action , agreed , saying banks and big corporations are the problem and “ we need to put direct pressure on them . ”
“ We need to reign in the big banks , ” he said .
“ We need to hold them accountable . ”
NPA is a national network of community organizations that work to advance an economic and racial justice agenda .
Moreover , Mumm said , “ While we need to create 11 million jobs to relieve the suffering that ordinary people are facing , we also need a transformative struggle that will build a new economy .
Financial reform legislation is just round 1 . ”
Julio Henriquez , an activist from Los Angeles who organizes community support for expanding mass transit , told the People ’s World , any successful jobs campaign must include a “ fight for sustainable and equitable access to mass transportation . ”
Henriquez and other activists recently held an eight - day fast outside LA ’s Metro - Transit Authority protesting fare hikes .
They want to see more federal tax dollars going towards creation of a newer , more affordable mass transit system that would employ thousands of people while providing transportation to and from work for hundreds of thousands of community residents .
According to most workshop participants , coalition - building around jobs is the main task at hand , as it connects to every other struggle – from housing and foreclosures to corporate accountability and rebuilding our infrastructure , to public transportation and health care .
Unger summed up the thrust of the workshop when he said , “ The AFL - CIO is in a dating mood right now .
We want to make new friends , make partnerships and work with folks .
But we need you to infuse the fight for jobs into your culture , into your organizations .
We need ‘ you ’ to do your thing as a part of ‘ us ’ doing our thing . ”
“ Our country is in deep , profound trouble , ” Unger added .
“ And this struggle for jobs can be the glue that holds us all together , that allows us to be more than we are .
It allows ‘ us ’ to be ‘ we . ' ”
Photo :
At the opening march of the U.S. Social Forum , June 22 .
( PW / Libero Della Piana )
Quote from : Orkel
Awesome .
I noticed one thing though , bolts are insanely deadly .
Copper bolts tear through " blue metal " armor like butter .
Sure this is supposed to happen ?
Quote from : Rumrusher
by Knapping you mean we can set cage traps every where ?
sweet .
He he , every version will have its problems .
You could try reducing the velocity in the item_weapon file , but I 'm not sure how much that 'll help before they can't penetrate anything .
We continue to spiral down toward proper behavior .
I was using it in this sense : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Knapping
So you can hunt down a groundhog with a sharp rock now and skin it with one , but you can't set up animal traps for them .
Irv Gordon has some advice for keeping your car running forever :
Follow the factory service manual , replace worn or broken parts immediately and do n't let anyone else drive your car .
Those simple rules have allowed Gordon to rack up a record - setting 2.8 million miles on his beloved Volvo P1800 .
We caught up with him last week , when , shortly after his 70th birthday , Gordon announced he hoped to reach 3 million by the time he turned 73 .
That feat will require him to drive an average of around 5,500 miles per month .
At that rate , he's in the driveway changing his own oil nearly every month and a half .
Gordon , a high school science teacher from Patchogue , New York , bought his bright red P1800 from Volvoville in Huntington , New York in June , 1966 .
Since then , he 's tackled a 125 - mile daily commute and countless cross-country road trips while racking up more miles in one car than anyone else .
Ever .
Volvo was so impressed it gave him a new car when the P1800 , which is still serviced by the crew at Volvoville , rolled over its first million miles .
It was nice , but Gordon was n't about to give up his beloved P1800 .
He bought it after two Chevrolet Corvairs let him down .
" I had nothing but trouble with the first .
I was a brand new schoolteacher , I started teaching in ’ 62 and I needed a car that would take me 125 miles to work back and forth , " he said .
He 'd traded a reliable but rusty 1952 Chevrolet for that Corvair Corsa , which was then traded for a sexier Corvair Spyder .
" I liked the way the car looked and the way it rode , but it broke down four blocks from the showroom the night I bought it , " he said .
Though he'd been a loyal GM guy , a friend convinced him to check out a P1800 at Volvoville .
He took it for a spin and was hooked .
Problem was , after dealing with a pair of Corvairs , he was broke .
" It was just too much for me .
I still owed money on my last Chevrolet , " he said .
" So I borrowed money from my Dad , traded in my Corvair and I bought a new car .
That was on a Wednesday .
That Friday night I picked the car up and I 've had it ever since . "
Though Gordon enjoyed the car 's reliability and driving dynamics , he never thought it was anything special until the odometer clicked over 250,000 miles .
Then he realized that nearly everything on the car was original .
" I wrote to Volvo , " he said .
" I had never had a single repair on the car .
Maintenance , yes , but I never had to have a water pump removed or anything like that .
They wrote me back with a very short letter that said , ' We ’re happy you ’re happy with the product , do n’t forget to buckle up . ' "
A similar letter came after Gordon wrote to Volvo when the car hit half a million miles .
When the car finally doubled that figure and hit 1 million miles , Volvo took notice and gave him a smart - looking 780 coupe , which Gordon used for family vacations once his kids outgrew the back seat of the P1800 .
Gordon sold the 780 awhile back .
It had just hit 450,000 miles .
In all the years Gordon 's been driving the P1800 , the engine has been rebuilt just twice .
The first came after 680,000 miles , when Gordon insisted on a complete teardown even though the dealer said it was n't needed .
" Like they said , there was nothing wrong , " Gordon said .
" I learned my lesson . "
Gordon set the Guinness record back in 1998 when he passed 1.69 million miles .
The car kept running like a Swiss watch until last year when he had some trouble getting over the Rockies .
Another engine rebuild brought everything back in order .
" It was still running , but I was losing compression , " he said .
" I had one bearing that had some wear on it , and I had a cracked piston ring .
I was losing oil pressure , but the cylinders and so on had very little wear on them . "
He 's also had some serious bodywork down after a trucking crew damaged his car while hauling it to Las Vegas for a Volvo display at the big Speciality Equipment Market Association trade show .
" I said after that , any time you guys want to borrow the car , you have to invite me and I ’ll drive out , " Gordon said .
That one case aside , Gordon has n't let anyone else have any time behind the wheel .
" I do n’t share my toys , I do n’t want anyone else in there messing everything up on me , " he said .
" Most people would n’t even know how to start my car – it still has a manual choke .
They do n’t know the gear pattern . "
Gordon leaves the major repairs to Volvoville but does the routine stuff himself .
" The tuneups on the car , I do – it only takes five minutes .
I change the oil in my driveway .
I can still fit under the car !
Brakes I do myself , " he said .
" I ’m a firm believer in following the factory manual .
Not the dealer manual – they ’re out to make a few dollars – but the factory manual , " Gordon said .
" The people who built the car are the people who wrote the manual , and if they say things should be done in a certain amount of time , that ’s how it should be done . "
So that 's how Irv drove so many miles , but why ?
Within the first 30 seconds of our conversation , we realized that Gordon was one of those folks who truly loves his time spent behind the wheel .
Driving is more than a way of getting from A to B .
It 's a hobby , it 's how he relaxes .
If we 'd asked him to join us for dinner , we bet he would 've taken us up on the offer simply because it would give him an excuse to drive a couple of hundred miles .
That 125 - mile daily commute to work started after Gordon moved from Manhattan back to his native Long Island – despite an active social life in the city ( " I was single then , " he explained ) – in part for greener pastures and bigger parking spaces .
" In the summertime , where I live is where everyone else wants to be , " he said .
" Everything is so relaxed .
I do n’t have to look for a place to park . "
In exchange for Manhattan , Gordon got a house with ocean breezes , a boat and a daily commute in his beloved P1800 .
" I actually looked forward to that drive every day .
It gave me a chance to relax , get away from all the pressure . "
" I like to drive , " Irv said , laughing as he realized how much evidence he had to back up that statement .
" Obviously , I like to drive .
It ’s my way of relaxing and getting away from it all . "
We asked Gordon if he 'll ever reach a point where the old Volvo gives up and simply wo n't start .
" No such thing , it ’d never happen , " he told us .
" If it did n’t start , I ’d find out why it did n’t start and fix it . "
Photos : Volvo
See Also :
The first major StarCraft II tournament
Global Challenge StarCraft II 16 players will battle it out for the $ 15,000 prize money that is at stake at the first major StarCraft II tournament .
10 players from all over the world will be invited based on their performances during the beta .
Three more slots will be available in each of the two upcoming
Top 3 from
Top 3 from
10 players will be invited
If you want to apply for one of these 10 invite spots , please send an email to masters.application@esl.eu .
Prize Money Distribution StarCraft II 1st
2nd
3rd
4th
5th -8th
9th - 12th
13th -16th
Total
$ 5,000
$ 2,500
$ 1,400
$ 900
$ 600
$ 400
$ 300
$ 15,000
Last week it was announced that the second Global Challenge of the Intel Extreme Masters will feature a Quake Live tournament .
It will not remain the only one at gamescom .
StarCraft II makes its way to the Intel Extreme Masters stage at the largest trade fair and event highlight for interactive games and entertainment .
16 players will battle it out for the $ 15,000 prize money that is at stake at the first major StarCraft II tournament .
10 players from all over the world will be invited based on their performances during the beta .
Three more slots will be available in each of the two upcoming ESL Go4SC2 Cups .
The top three of both cups are qualified for the Global Challenge gamescom .
ESL's Go4SC2
Cups are open to everyone , but you need an European Battle .
net Account to participate .
Top 3 from Go4SC2 Cup # 24 ( Wed , 28/07/10 17:00 CEST ) Top 3 from Go4SC2 Cup # 25 ( Sun , 01/08/10 13:00 CEST ) 10 players will be invited
If you want to apply for one of these 10 invite spots , please send an email to otacon , Monday , 26/07/10 18:36
TORONTO – Fuad Ibrahim is on a roll .
The 18 - year - old Toronto FC midfielder had only 70 minutes of playing time entering today 's critical clash with the Colorado Rapids .
But after his corner kick set up Dan Gargan for the tying goal in Toronto's 1 - 1 draw with the Houston Dynamo 10 days ago , on Saturday afternoon he buried a botched clearance attempt in the 61st minute to give the Reds a badly needed 1 - 0 triumph .
“ There was a defender in front of me , but I just hit it as I was going down , ” Ibrahim said .
“ The goalie was kind of close to me .
He did n't really have a good chance to get down right away . ”
The goal pleased Toronto coach Preki , who still remains cautious in assessing his young prospect .
“ He 's doing okay , ” Preki said in the postgame press conference .
“ I put my trust in him and he played 90 minutes today – although he really played 70 because 20 was cramping .
I hope he 's starting to understand what it takes to get to the next level . ”
Preki stresses that hard work in practice will be the most imporant factor in deciding how much playing time Ibrahim will receive .
“ He has to be committed every day in training , ” the coach said .
“ He has to be hard every day in training .
If he continues to make progress , he 'll see more minutes . ”
Ibrahim agrees .
“ Any time I get a chance I just have to keep working hard , ” he said .
“ Training is important , and I have to keep working every day .
Hopefully , my chances will come . ”
Preki was much clearer and more direct about his team 's overall performance against the Rapids .
“ An important three points , ” he said .
“ We found a way to get a result today in a hard game against a very good team .
They have quite a few dangerous guys , and you have to be very , very careful how you attack .
At the same time , I thought we made a couple of mistakes , but [ Stefan Frei ] made some good saves .
He kept us in the game . ”
It was a good day for TFC midfielder Nick LaBrocca , as well .
The clever , creative midfielder clearly enjoyed the victory over his former team .
“ I feel like it might be the same players out there , but it 's a totally different team , ” LaBrocca said .
“ Everybody 's fighting , everybody 's getting on the same page .
We 're working out things , but we 're making great strides and great progress . ”
Toronto had several chances today to revert to last year 's form , when the team gave up 15 late goals , squandering innumerable chances to move up in the MLS playoff race .
Colorado attacked the Toronto net relentlessly in stoppage time at the end of the second half .
In one crazy scramble , three different Rapids failed to connect on gold - plated chances to tie the game .
But standing behind all that chaos , Toronto goalie Stefan Frei remained calm , and TFC nailed down the win .
“ I 'm not surprised this year , ” Frei remarked .
“ I think we 've been able to do that quite a number of times this year .
It 's just commitment , and knowing that we need to work harder than the other team for 90 minutes .
That 's what we do most of the time this year , and we continue to do that . ”
An Amazing Paper
An amazing new set of conjectures and the jacobian conjecture
Arno van den Essen is one of the world experts on the Jacobian Conjecture .
He has written a book on the problem — really the book .
Besides this he has made many contributions to the understanding of this great conjecture .
Today I plan to talk about a paper Essen just put into the archives on the Jacobian Conjecture ( JC ) .
His paper is amazing — really amazing .
Its title is The Amazing Image Conjecture .
Years ago Essen , Evangelos Markakis , and I wrote a simple paper on an approach to the JC .
The paper is I still believe a viable approach to the problem .
But we could only prove a very weak result about the JC problem .
Since we could not make our ideas work , lets turn to Essen ’s new paper .
Jacobian Conjecture
I thought you might like to go through a possible scenario of how the JC was created , and see some of the rationale behind the conjecture .
This is not a “ real ” history , but one that I hope helps expose the ideas that go into the creation of a great conjecture .
Imagine that you are studying mappings from the two dimensional Euclidean plane to itself .
A natural question is : when is one - to - one ?
There are many properties that mappings may or may not have , but being one - to - one is a basic property .
Such functions are called injective — this name is due to Nicolas Bourbaki .
The first thing you notice is that being injective is a “ global ” property , since is one - to - one , or injective , provided there are no two distinct points and in the plane so that
Determining whether or not there are such distinct points is equivalent to asking for the solvability to the two equations
where and .
In general deciding whether such equations have a solution can be very difficult .
In order to have any hope of solving this problem you decide to restrict the function to be a polynomial mapping : this means that and are both polynomials .
Even with the restriction to polynomial maps the difficulty is that and can be anywhere in the plane ; they need not be “ near ” each other .
This global nature is the key reason that determining whether or not is injective is hard .
You realize one way to simplify the problem is to ask a much weaker question : is the mapping “ locally injective ? ”
The mapping is locally injective if for each point there a disk around so that for all and in the disk if , then .
There are two reasons you think this is a good move .
First , the mapping cannot be injective unless it is locally injective at every point .
This is a simple idea , but a powerful one .
When facing a tough question , often relaxing the question can yield insight .
Second , you recall a classic theorem that has a sufficient condition for a smooth map to be locally injective at a point .
The theorem is the famous Inverse Function Theorem .
In one dimension it says that a function is locally injective at point , provided
For example , is locally injective at any point .
The Inverse Function Theorem generalizes this simple idea from calculus - 101 to two dimensions and beyond .
The critical question is what takes the role of the derivative of a function ?
It turns out the role is played by the Jacobian matrix of the mapping — clearly we are close to why the conjecture is called the JC .
Associated with any mapping smooth is the Jacobian matrix defined as
Note , is the partial derivative of the function .
In the one dimension case this would degenerate to the by matrix of .
If the determinant of this matrix is non-zero at the point , then by the famous inverse function theorem the map is locally injective at .
Thus to tell if the mapping is locally injective at every point you need only look at the determinant of the matrix .
Note this is a polynomial in the variables and .
It can be a high degree polynomial , and over the reals it could be quite difficult to tell if this polynomial is or is not ever .
For example , does
have a solution over the reals ?
Now you make a move that is brilliant .
Rather than try to figure out whether such polynomials have zeroes or not you realize that the polynomial where is a non -zero constant has no zeroes .
So you make the `simplifying ” conjecture :
Conjecture :
If has where is a non-zero constant , then is globally injective .
This is the Jacobian Conjecture due to Ott - Heinrich Keller in 1939 , and later Shreeram Abhyankar gave it the modern name .
You might ask why not replace the condition is a non-zero constant by the condition is never zero for any real numbers .
The answer is surprising — it is false .
This was the so called “ Real Jacobian Conjecture , ” which is now known to be false .
See this for a counter - example due to Sergey Pinchuk .
I will not go into more details , but the intuition I believe is that many real analysis problems are only understood when complex numbers are allowed .
This happens in understanding the singularities of rational functions .
For example the reason the power series of has radius of convergence only is there is a complex singularity .
In the reals this function has no poles , while over the complex numbers it has a pole at .
JC Approaches
There have been many claims of proofs of JC , some are still active claims .
The incorrect proofs of JC — I think all have been proofs not counter - examples — have been by amateurs and professionals alike .
The problem is slippery .
There seems to be many difficulties in understanding the problem .
Yet the problem ’s statement only requires basic calculus .
JC seems to be one of those problems that should be resolvable .
Yet so far it has withstood the attacks of mathematicians for over 70 years .
Since then there have been many partial results and reductions , but no proof yet .
Equivalent Problems :
Like many problems in mathematics there are numerous equivalent statements .
See Essen ’s book for many examples .
One of the most famous is to reduce the degree of mapping .
In order to do this the problem is generalized to higher dimensions : the map is allowed to be
where .
Hyman Bass , Edwin Connell , and David Wright proved the famous :
Theorem :
If the generalized JC is true for all and polynomial maps of degree at most three , then JC is true .
As often is the case , two is special .
The general JC is easily proved for mappings of degree at most two .
Direct Proofs Attempts : One “ obvious ” idea is to try and prove an inductive statement .
If is the mapping , then prove that there is a transformation of that preserves injectivity and lowers the degree .
A claim a few years ago was based roughly on this type of approach , but it fell apart .
Advanced Attempts :
There were approaches to the JC problem based on advanced ideas of algebra .
I am the last one to discuss these , but while they look possible they have not yet worked .
Algebra or Analysis :
There are other approaches based on analysis rather than algebra .
Of course all methods are allowed , but I have often thought the problem is closer to number theory than algebra , again who knows .
Amazing Conjectures
Essen ’s amazing paper describes a beautiful connection recently discovered by Wenhua Zhao between the JC and some striking questions that seem interesting on their own .
There are a new set of extremely interesting conjectures .
I will explain one of them — see Essen ’s well written paper for the full set of conjectures .
The generic class of open problems concern particular linear functionals on spaces of polynomials .
Call “ nice ” if the only polynomial such that for all is the zero polynomial .
The amazing fact is that there exist particular functionals such that : if is nice , then JC is true .
These functionals are still fairly complicated to define , so here I will follow Essen ’s paper by starting with three simpler functionals for which niceness is non-trivial — and still open for the third :
Each of sends a polynomial to a scalar .
The questions are :
If for all integers , must ?
If for all integers , must ?
If for all integers , must ?
Essen can prove the first two are true for univariate polynomials , but the third about is open for multi-variate polynomials .
I will give a bit of flavor of how he proves such theorems , but as always see his paper for the details .
Consider the polynomial
where and each coefficient is a Gaussian integer .
I am assuming that the constant term is zero , and plan on showing the lowest term is also zero .
This will inductively prove that is zero .
The key is to raise the polynomial to a special power , which is selected so all the terms but the last “ disappear ” when is applied .
Let where is a prime and divides .
Then , is congruent to
modulo .
Define to be the minimum degree of the terms of .
Then is at least
Thus is congruent modulo to
since all the terms in have degree at least .
It is easy to prove that maps
It follows that is divisible by , and that .
The latter uses that is a Gaussian integer .
Open Problems
Of course the open question is the JC .
Is it true ?
This problem is not a Clay problem — perhaps it should be added to replace the Poincaré , Conjecture .
The problem JC is on Steve Smale ’s list of open problems as problem .
A few points about , translations & interpretations of , & arguments with a standard exemplar of the stenchful & emetic .
Para 1 : On Weaponised ‘ Good Faith ’ .
' Many US policymakers … genuinely felt … was a noble thing …’ &c. i)
No evidence is adduced to support this contention . ii )
The countercontention here - that many US policymakers genuinely did not give a genuine rolling fuck about nobility or any such genuine horseshit but genuinely considered this genuinely mass - murderous action to be in their interests & thus , genuinely , desirable - would surely seem at the very least equally plausible .
iii )
If the original contention has any truth , given the extreme & obvious facility of human animals at self - justification , it is irrelevant .
Depredations are no less depraved if their perpetrators persuade themselves to genuinely believe their own anything .
. ' Many US policymakers … genuinely felt … was a noble thing …’ &c. i)
No evidence is adduced to support this contention . ii )
The countercontention here - that many US policymakers genuinely did not give a genuine rolling fuck about nobility or any such genuine horseshit but genuinely considered this genuinely mass - murderous action to be in their interests & thus , genuinely , desirable - would surely seem at the very least equally plausible .
iii )
If the original contention has any truth , given the extreme & obvious facility of human animals at self - justification , it is irrelevant .
Depredations are no less depraved if their perpetrators persuade themselves to genuinely believe their own anything .
Para 2 : Dissidence
Is a Bolt - On .
' Chomsky took up a sideline in political writing in opposition to the Vietnam war ’ .
The casual sniggering baiting viciousness of this traducing of a lifetime ’s rage & contumely - attracting bravery does not , though it aspires to swagger , rise above the pettily vile .
. ' Chomsky took up a sideline in political writing in opposition to the Vietnam war ’ .
The casual sniggering baiting viciousness of this traducing of a lifetime ’s rage & contumely - attracting bravery does not , though it aspires to swagger , rise above the pettily vile .
Para 3 : He Knows What He Likes . ’ [ F] avourite Chomskyan themes ’ .
Analysis & critique is driven by personal predilection , not by anything worth analysing or criticising .
’[ F] avourite Chomskyan themes ’ .
Analysis & critique is driven by personal predilection , not by anything worth analysing or criticising .
Para 6 : Turn Your Frown Upside - Down .
' It is a cripplingly bleak philosophy . ’
That this , for chest - hollowingly vast numbers , cripplingly bleak world deserves a few smilier thinky - thinks is implied ; but is not , & could hardly be , argued .
' It is a cripplingly bleak philosophy . ’
That this , for chest - hollowingly vast numbers , cripplingly bleak world deserves a few smilier thinky - thinks is implied ; but is not , & could hardly be , argued .
Para 7 : Analysand Be Damned .
’ [ T ]he irony that he owes his considerable success to the system he despises .
Does it bother him , perhaps , that he has lived the American dream ? ’
The eyebrow - raised faux - cleverness of the final sentence , its case that this lifetime ’s radical oeuvre is an Oedipal hissy fit , relies for any effect on readers not pausing over the truly epically idiotic - if calculated - preceding sentence .
ESA ’s Rosetta spacecraft flew by asteroid ( 2867 ) Steins on 5 September 2008 .
Steins was Rosetta ’s first nominal scientific target .
The spacecraft encountered the asteroid in the course of its first incursion into the main asteroid belt located between the orbits of Mars and Jupiter , while on its way to Comet 67P / Churyumov - Gerasimenko .
Acomet - chasing European space probe has a blind date with an asteroid onSaturday , and will snap the first ever close - up photos of the space rock in alandmark flyby .
TheEuropean Space Agency 's Rosetta spacecraft is currently on a path to its maintarget , comet 67P / Churyumov -Gerasimenko .
It is expected to arrive at the cometin 2014 .
But , on July 10 , the probe will swoop past a different cosmic object ?
the asteroid Lutetia .
OnSaturday , Rosetta is expected to fly by Lutetia at a distance of about 1,900 miles ( about 3,100 km ) at a relative speed of 9 miles per second ( 15 km / s ) .
Theencounter is expected to occur at approximately 3:45 p.m. GMT ( 11:45 a.m. EDT ) .
Asteroidpit stop
TheLutetia flyby is an important milestone in Rosetta 's long voyage , which beganin 2004 , and marks a rare chance to observea primitive asteroid up close , ESA officials said in a statement .
[ Moreasteroid photos . ]
Theclose pass will allow Rosetta about two hours of observation time to study theasteroid .
Rosetta will rapidly beam this data to Earth , and the firstpictures from the quick visit are expected to be released later that evening .
" Littleis known about asteroid Lutetia other than it is about 100 kilometers ( 62 miles ) wide , " said Claudia Alexander , project scientist for the U.S. rolein the Rosetta mission , from NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena , Calif .
" Allowing Rosetta 's suite of science instruments to focus onthis target of opportunity should greatly expand our knowledge of this hugespace rock , while at the same time giving the mission 's science instruments areal out - of - this - world workout . "
Theenigmatic space rock , which is from the main asteroid belt that orbits betweenMars and Jupiter , simply appears as little more than a single point of light toground - based telescopes .
Preliminaryobservations suggest that Lutetia 's continuous variation in brightness indicatethat it is rotating and has an uneven surface .
These observations have allowedastronomers to estimate the asteroid 's shape and size , but their determinationsare still varied .
Rosettacould provide more conclusive evidence about the asteroid 's dimensions andcomposition ?
another area with more questions than answers .
Nextstop : a comet
Afterencountering Lutetia , Rosetta will not perform scientific activities until itreaches Churyumov - Gerasimenko in May 2014 .
Once there , it will observe thecomet for 18 months , releasing a lander to further explore the comet inNovember of that year .
Rosettapreviously flew by a different asteroid , called Steins , on Sept. 5 , 2008 , approaching the space rock to within close to 500 miles ( 800 km ) .
ButLutetia is a much larger asteroid , which is why the spacecraft will glide pastat a greater distance .
Any closer , and the probe would not be able to fit theentire asteroid into the onboard camera 's field of view .
ESAscientists are hoping that the observations from the Lutetia flyby willcontribute to the relatively small body of knowledgeaboutasteroids .
Thedata collected from the Rosetta flyby will provide valuable observations for asteroid science , and will at least give scientists preliminary information that canthen be corroborated through ground - based observations .
And , the findings willnot only apply for Lutetia , but for other asteroids as well .
Onehundred and fifteen elementary school students will be at JPL during the flyby .
The students will view close - up images of Lutetia , talk to the U.S. Rosettaproject manager and participate in educational activities .
TheU.S. Rosetta project leaders hope to use this event as a kickoff of morecoordinated activities with selected schools around the United States .
“ We are allowing them ( BP ) to play with our livelihood here ! ”
Billy Nungesser , president of Plaquemines Parish , was almost stuttering to Anderson Cooper an hour after President Obama ’s address to the nation from the Oval Office .
58 days after the catastrophic explosion aboard the Transocean / Deepwater Horizon , and the subsequent release of millions of gallons of oil into the Gulf of Mexico , there is still no coherent plan to shut down the leak , contain the oil , or respond to the damage done to the environment .
There is a new estimate of up to 60,000 barrels a day flow rate .
No one believes the numbers BP is providing anymore , and it is stunning that the President is willing to do so .
There is a deep distrust of anything British Petroleum has to say here in south Louisiana , and the President ’s claim that 90 percent of the flow will be stopped by the middle of July is being roundly criticized .
If the number came from BP , there is good reason to be incredulous .
In fact , BP has managed this catastrophe as a public relations and shareholder problem .
Robert Reich makes a good case for this and questions the president ’s continuing reference to BP as an entity that will make any decisions based on the welfare of American citizens as opposed to it shareholders .
As citizens , we want the hole in the Gulf plugged up as fast as possible , we want the spill contained , and we want everything cleaned up and damages paid — no matter how much it costs BP ’s shareholders .
But if we ’re BP shareholders , we want to minimize all such expenditures — including our long - term liabilities .
Get it ?
There ’s no conflict between Britain and the United States .
The conflict is between two kinds of interests — shareholder interests and citizen interests .
“ There is no organization and no sense of urgency , ” Nungesser told CNN .
I one way Nungesser was very wrong .
BP does have an organized public relations campaign , and it is mentioned in the “ Recovered Oil Waste Management Plan ” prepared by BP for the Houma Incident Command .
On the surface , main purpose of the plan is the management of hazardous waste materials collected from clean - up activities –clean up activities that have yet to materialize in any organized fashion down here .
The contractor mentioned is Heritage Environmental .
Written by the Houston office of British Petroleum , the document clearly states that the plan was developed at the request of the Incident Commander , and the US Coast Guard Federal On - Scene Coordinator ( FOSC ) .
The FOSC is responsible for coordinating federal efforts with the local community ’s response .
Coast Guard Rear Adm. James Watson is now the federal on scene coordinator for the BP Deepwater Horizon oil spill response .
He replaced Rear Adm .
Mary Landry and is responsible to the president , as is incident commander Thad Allen .
The report specifically outlines the management of hazardous waste , but we have some evidence that “ Recovered Oil Waste Management Plan ” has not been followed in the case of dead wildlife recovery on Grand Isle .
This plan is to cover oil spill clean up activities associated with the Deepwater Horizon rig incident where the source point originated in Mississippi Canyon Block 252 of the Gulf of Mexico .
Waste Identification / Characterization .
Dead or Injured Wildlife .
( United States Wildlife and Fisheries / and Louisiana Department of Wildlife and Fisheries to coordinate ) Deceased wildlife recovered from the oil impacted areas will be managed by the department of wildlife and fisheries and will only be managed as waste if and when directed by that agency .
New Orleans photographer Jerry Moran and I visited a section of beach on Grand Isle on Friday , June 11 .
Moran wanted to show me the location where he photographed the head of a dead bottlenose dolphin on May 25 .
The dolphin was partially buried in a mound on the back beach , far from the tide line .
When he returned on May 28 , there were bones , but the dolphin was gone .
Moran documented his visit .
The decaying head was protruding from new excavation in the beach grasses .
Moran said that the stench was so bad that he could not dig into the mound to see if anything else was buried there .
After reading the report about mandated toxic waste disposal , it seemed important to document the burial mound .
Moran took us to a secluded area of back beach .
The jetty had been partially bulldozed and jagged , freshly broken pieces of rock were scattered everywhere .
Sand had been moved and the beach was freshly graded .
It did not look like a natural beach and heavy equipment tracks were clearly visible .
Moran was certain that he found the location where he photographed the dolphin , but the mound was different and the head was missing .
A decaying pile of redfish was nearby , confirming it was the same location .
Wishing we had a shovel , we used sticks to dig into the mound .
Moran uncovered some unidentifiable bone fragments , before we found what we were looking for .
Dolphin teeth were scattered in the grasses .
A reasonable question to ask is whether the oil company is malevolent or simply a foreign corporate entity totally under siege and trying everything at its disposal to limit fiscal damage to themselves and their stockholders .
BP security is patrolling the Grand Isle beach and in control of access .
We discussed possibilities as we quietly walked back to the main road .
There was no way to know who moved the dolphin , but it was gone .
The question was why would someone move it after burying it ?
What we did know was that incident command had relegated responsibility for wildlife disposal to United States Wildlife and Fisheries and the Louisiana Department of Wildlife and Fisheries .
Besides outlining the protocol for toxic waste management , and this includes dead animals , the document also calls for an organized approach to “ community outreach . ”
Community relations are vital to the handling of this unfortunate situation .
With this in mind a community outreach plan has been developed and is being used throughout this operation including at the staging areas that address community relations .
This plan was also used in the planning and securing of these locations .
Unfortunate situation ?
This is worse than referring to the river of oil spewing from the broken , twisted riser pipe as a “ spill . ”
There were no answers on the beach , but Incident Command had forwarded a press release on June 9 that announced a “ Terrebone ( wrong spelling ) Parish Community Open House ” in Houma the same night that we were returning from Grand Isle .
You would think they would know the correct spelling .
Representatives from BP , the U.S. Coast Guard , U.S. Wildlife and Fisheries , the Environmental Protection Agency and other state and partner agencies responding to the Deepwater Horizon incident , will host an open house Friday , June 11 , 2010 in Terrebone ( sic ) Parish at the Houma Civic Center , 346 Civic Center Blvd. in Houma starting at 6 pm .
The open house will offer Terrebone ( sic ) residents the opportunity to engage one - on - one with experts about the techniques , strategies and materials being used in the spill response .
“ We want to keep the local communities informed with the most accurate and timely information we have , ” Coast Guard Capt .
Roger Leferriere , Coast Guard unified commander at the Incident Command Post in Houma said .
“ We want to communicate with the public and provide them with first - hand information on the topics that concern them most . ”
This important meeting was not heavily advertised in the community , was scheduled on a Friday night during the dinner hour , and it was no wonder that attendance was light .
State aid organization representatives told us they were mandated to attend by Governor Jindal ’s office , but only had two days advance warning , and had to scramble to manufacture handouts .
We had a few questions of our own , but there was no point in trying to get candid answers .
The BP representative , Hugh Depland , was not in the mood to speak to someone with a camera .
A pleasant young woman named “ Janella , ” with a badge that read “ BP - RP ” and had a bar code at the bottom was a news liaison .
She sensed our frustration , asked who we were , wrote it down , and wondered if our questions were answered .
This interaction was staged , managed , and if you had been around the block once or twice you knew immediately her job was not to get questions answered but to soothe expectations .
She asked us to stay put while she sent another BP rep to find out what happened with Depland while we cooled our heels .
She said he would talk to us now , but when we tried to find him , he had vanished .
What we found especially chilling was the PR campaign waged on Terrebonne residents .
Giant photos , propped on easels , lined the perimeter of the room .
The picture BP painted of the “ clean - up ” effort did not resemble what Moran and I had witnessed in days on the water and prowling the Delta beaches and roads
Photos and video tell the story .
Yes , it was a cheap shot for me to have the video running .
I had not intended to publish it , but his discussion of a “ hot zone ” is worth offering here .
On an earlier visit , Talon Security forbade me to take photos of workers .
Local cable station LCN - TV wanted us to go on the air and talk about our experiences .
LCN provides cultural snapshot of Louisiana culture , and is not a political entity .
The station wanted our perspective on the sights and sounds we witnessed in Barataria Bay and Grand Bayou .
Rather than go on the air for an interview , we gave them a stack of images and editor Debbie Stein put this short video together .
In any case , this is reality for the people , the environment and the animals of the Gulf of Mexico and her shores .
A secondary reality is that the petroleum industry is vital to the economic health of Louisiana , and no one here doubts that reality .
Georgianne Nienaber
Crossposted with the author ’s permission from Huffington Post
Before I go on , I ’d like to thank the folks at Woodees for sending me a sample of the Woodees IESW101B in ear monitors for review .
Prelude
Wood has long been used in the manufacturing of musical instruments because of its acoustic properties .
One application of wood that has failed to really take off is in the world of in ear monitors .
Sure , there are a few well known IEMs that have been crafted out of wood but the IEM market is thoroughly dominated by plastics and metal .
A Canadian firm by the name of iConnects is looking to change that and has developed two wooden IEMs under the name “ Woodees ” for the mid- fi marketplace .
Both IEMs are virtually the same with their primary difference being their color scheme and a microphone for use with the iPhone and other smartphones that accept microphone input through their 3.5 mm audio jack .
I have the sans - microphone version on hand and I have taken my time in putting these through their paces .
So , do the wooden enclosures produce the type of rich , detailed sound that is pleasing to the ear or does everything sound like a muddy mess ?
Read on to find out .
Packaging and Accessories
The Woodees arrived in a nice cardboard box , showing off the IEMs and proudly proclaiming that “ Wood Sounds Richer ” .
Inside the package are four pairs of silicone single flange tips , a black velour carrying pouch and a generic shirt clip .
On the whole , the packaging is pretty standard but the accessory package is better than average .
Design and Build Quality
As the name betrays , the Woodees IEMs are comprised of wooden housings but feature metallic nozzles and metal mesh filters .
The housings themselves are well designed and polished and feel durable but they are a bit on the long side and will protrude from people ’s ears quite a bit .
Extending down from the housings is a decently flexible rubber strain relief that immediately reminds me of my other wooden IEMs , the Kanen KM 92s .
At the Y - split , there ’s a small but functional strain relief extending from the split to the cable that leads into the decently relieved 3.5 mm plug .
On the whole , I like the design of the Woodees IEMs and they feel like they would be able to take a decent amount of abuse .
Comfort and Fit
Getting a good fit with the Woodees is important for getting the best sound quality out of them and that , for me , was a trickier proposition than I ’d expected .
Using the small single flanges and then the longer small single flanges provided the best fit for my small ear canals and I quickly noticed that these were very sensitive to insertion depth , like the MEElectronics M9s before them but even more so .
With the M9s , I was able to insert both of the earpieces in the same depth to get the best sound .
With the Woodees , the seal is different with each ear , with one going in further than the other .
While I highly doubt that my case is typical , I do n’t doubt that some users will have some issues getting these fitted for the best sound .
Once a good seal has been achieved , isolation is just slightly below average , even when using de-cored black foams .
Overall , the iEMs are fairly comfortable and easy to use but they just take some time getting used to as far as fit .
Sound Quality
Burn in :
These IEMs were given no less than 30 hours of burn in .
It ’s worth noting that the sound signature changes considerably for the better after being burned in for about 20 hours or so and with that in mind , I highly recommend that you burn these in for a similar amount of time .
Trust me , it ’s worth it .
I had more than a few preconceived notions about the Woodees before I actually used them purely because of their wooden housings .
Honestly , I was expecting these to be bass cannons .
Bass cannons with rich , textured sound and decent tightness , but bass cannons nonetheless .
I am happy to say that I was wrong .
The low end is pronounced but only as much as it needs to be .
If anything , I ’d refer to it as understated .
Extension is n’t particularly amazing as the low end begins to roll off after 100 Hz or so but it still remains very linear and has good resolution and impact .
Bass is warm , tight and rich on top of being well controlled so that it does n’t spill over the mids in the slightest bit and it ’s actually rather refreshing to listen to .
Straight out of the box , mids had a somewhat grainy sort of texture that was certainly off - putting at first but with burn in , the graininess has more or less disappeared , making the midrange sound smoother and more detailed .
Clarity throughout the midrange is nice and somewhat analytical with a touch of warmth to keep them from sounding thin .
Highs are detailed and have a nice sparkle and shimmer to them but sometimes , they can become a bit strident .
Treble clarity is very nice but because of this occasional sibilance , they can be a bit bothersome to listen to .
Foam tips such as de-cored Shure black foams ( olives ) can help attenuate these treble peaks but one solution I ’ve found is to EQ down the lower treble / upper mids by a few decibels which helps reduce some of the sharpness .
The soundstage is decently wide and deep , certainly no giant killers in this regard and leads to a fairly intimate sound .
Imaging and positioning are both decent and instrument separation was good .
The Woodees ’ sound signature can be described as somewhat thin and analytical but retains enough of a fun factor to keep things interesting .
The warmth of the low end , smoothness of the midrange and sparkle of the highs all combine together into a signature that ’s very good for the price .
While the highs can be a bit harsh and the mids a tad edgy , the sound signature does n’t suffer from these heavily enough to be a serious annoyance and with the right equalizing and eartips , the faults can be smoothed out so that you ’re left with a very good sounding pair of IEMs .
Value and Conclusion
The Woodees IESW101B IEMs retail for $ 59.99 but can be found online at many retailers for about $ 20 less .
At $ 40 , these are a very capable pair of IEMs that perform admirably for the price .
The sound signature which is a nicely balanced mixture of analytical and “ fun ” sounds is one that is certainly very appealing but seems as though it could be polarizing to some users .
On the whole , the sound signature is very good for the price .
As a whole , I like what iConnects has done with the Woodees IEMs .
Their sonic character is one that I find to be very enjoyable and well worth the purchase price .
These IEMs surprised me and were far from what I had expected considering that they are made of wood .
In my experience , wooden enclosures typically lead to a very warm , thick and bass heavy sound signature but that ’s not what I heard from the Woodees which may be a disappointment to some but I imagine that the sound signature that they do output is n’t going to turn off too many people .
So , if you have $ 40 to spend on a new pair of earphones / IEMs , the Woodees are a great all - around choice that I can easily recommend .
You can buy the Woodees IESW101B IEMs from Amazon by clicking this link
By RICK HEWETT
Last updated at 21:19 08 December 2007
Led Zeppelin's surreal cover for their Houses Of The Holy album , featuring golden - haired children crawling across an apocalyptic landscape , is one of the most iconic images in rock history .
But while the sleeve design is familiar across the globe , what no one knows is that the young boy who appears in the photo montage is now a well - known television presenter .
Stefan Gates , of BBC2's Cooking In The Danger Zone , was just five when he and sister Sam were innocently snapped in the nude for the shoot on the Giant 's Causeway in Northern Ireland .
Scroll down for more ...
His role is revealed as Led Zeppelin prepare for their historic reunion concert at London 's O2 arena tomorrow night – which has seen one million fans battle for 20,000 tickets .
Stefan , 40 , has travelled to some of the world 's most dangerous regions fronting his show .
But the photoshoot over ten rainy days in County Antrim remains prominent in his mind .
He had followed Sam , now 42 , into child modelling after she was spotted by a talent scout .
They posed together for knitwear patterns and appeared separately in commercials and TV dramas , including Poldark .
Stefan said : " We only got a few quid for the modelling and the chance to travel to places we had never been before .
" Our family was n't well off , we certainly could n't afford holidays , so it worked out great for us .
" For the Zeppelin cover we went to Ireland during the Troubles .
I remember arriving at the airport and seeing all these people with guns .
" We stayed in this little guest house near the Giant 's Causeway and to capture the so - called magic light of dawn and dusk we'd shoot first thing in the morning and at night .
Scroll down for more ...
" I 've heard people saying they put wigs on several children .
But there was only me and my sister and that 's our real hair .
" I used to love being naked when I was that age so I did n't mind .
I 'd whip off my clothes at the drop of a hat and run around having a great time , so I was in my element .
" My sister was older so she was probably a bit more self - conscious . "
The cover art was the brainchild of Aubrey Powell and Storm Thorgerson of legendary album - sleeve designers Hipgnosis .
They took several multiple - exposure shots of Stefan and Sam to create the image of more children clambering over the rocks .
There is endless debate among rock fans over the significance of the image .
Powell has claimed he was inspired by the science - fiction book Childhood 's End by Arthur C Clarke , in which children climb off the end of the world .
Stefan – who lives in North London with wife Georgia and daughters Daisy , four , and Poppy , two – is sceptical of all the theories about the artwork 's meaning , including Powell's .
Scroll down for more ...
He said : " In a lot of cases with graphical design work it 's an evolving process and they think up the explanation later .
I personally have no idea what it means .
There 's something about it though that is disturbing and haunting , perhaps more so because I am in it . "
Although a fan of Led Zeppelin , Stefan confesses he has never listened to Houses Of The Holy , which was released in 1973 .
" It carries too much significance for me , " he said .
" A part of me wants to go out to the Giant 's Causeway with a big pair of speakers , strip naked and play it just to see if I have some kind of great epiphany . "
Sam moved to Cape Town , South Africa , four years ago with husband Andrew Hamilton Barr and they have a daughter , Tallulah .
The screenwriter , who also features on the inside sleeve as the child being sacrificed at the top of a mountain , said : " I remember the shoot really clearly , mainly because it was freezing cold and rained the whole time .
Scroll down for more ...
" We were naked in a lot of the modelling shoots we did , nothing was thought of it back then .
You probably could n't get away with that now . "
Stefan has just finished filming the third series of Cooking In The Danger Zone , which included a visit to Palestine .
He believes shooting the album cover 35 years ago has subconsciously played a huge role in his life .
He said : " Although it 's just my naked behind you can see , perhaps being a part of something like that at a young age made me seek out more ambitious and adventurous experiences . "
Warning : count ( ) : Parameter must be an array or an object that implements Countable in / nfs / c06/h07/mnt/89472/domains/ipadwatcher.com/html/wp-includes/class-wp-comment-query.php on line 405
Warning : count ( ) : Parameter must be an array or an object that implements Countable in / nfs / c06/h07/mnt/89472/domains/ipadwatcher.com/html/wp-includes/class-wp-comment-query.php on line 405
0 comments on Jul 27th , 2010 | : count ( ) : Parameter must be an array or an object that implements Countable inon line
Apple introduced today a device called Magic Trackpad .
This device is the equivalent of a MacBook ’s touchpad but for a desktop computer .
Apple ’s Magic
Mouse already allows users of desktop models to use a subset of the gestures available on the touchpad of a MacBook , but with the Magic Trackpad users will now be free to use all the gestures which are supported in the latest models of Macbooks .
The gestures that are implemented in the touchpad of Apple ’s notebooks are already very close to what you have in an iPhone or iPad .
This makes it easy for users to use the same gestures to accomplish similar results .
Apple put out a driver for the Trackpad through its software update today , and it adds some new functionality to the latest generations of MacBooks , allowing the user to have inertial scrolling , for example , on the notebook .
Inertial scrolling is one of the great features of the iPhone , iPod touch and iPad lines .
Flicking your fingers up or down with different velocities you cause the target surface to move faster or slower .
If you look closely at the picture above you will notice that the design of the Magic Trackpad closely matches that of the Apple Wireless keyboard and the new device also works through a bluetooth interface and is powered by a pair of AA batteries , just like the current generation of the Apple Wireless Keyboard .
This is one more step that Apple is taking to help get its users into the habit of using touch controls and get more and more developers used to the idea that they should attempt to take advantage of multi- touch based gestures in the creation of their OS X applications .
This is one more small step on the road to the future unification of iOS 4 and OS X .
Share this : Email
Print
Twitter
Facebook
LinkedIn
More
Google
Reddit
Related Posts :
Participantes regresan a Huajuapan ; analizan situación porque los accesos están cerrados por militantes de la Unidad de Bienestar Social de la Región Triqui
OAXACA
La Caravana Humanitaria que pretendía arribar con víveres a San Juan Copala , en la zona triqui , fue suspendida tras escuchar varios disparos al aire en la zona de La Sabana y toparse con un bloqueo en el camino de terracería .
La coordinadora del Centro de Derechos Humanos Bartolomé Carrasco Briseño ( Barca ) , Nora Martínez , explicó que la comitiva , integrada por más de 200 personas que tenían como objetivo entrar a San Juan Copala para entregar 30 toneladas de víveres a los 700 pobladores , llegó hasta el paraje Agua Fría , a 10 kilómetros de San Juan Copala .
Un grupo se adelantó para observar si existían las condiciones para continuar .
“ Los compañeros escucharon disparos en contra de la población y quienes integramos el municipio autónomo determinamos no seguir el camino ” , dijo Jorge Albino , del Movimiento Unificador de Lucha Triqui Independiente ( MULTI ) .
Martínez señaló que los integrantes de la caravana , que se traslada a bordo de unos 20 autobuses , regresaron a Huajuapan de León , donde valoran qué hacer después de estos hechos , pues los accesos a San Juan Copala están cerrados por militantes de la Unidad de Bienestar Social de la Región Triqui ( Ubisort ) .
Previo a su entrada al paraje Agua Fría , la procuradora general de Justicia del estado , María de la Luz Candelaria Chiñas , dijo a los participantes que la condición que puso Rufino Juárez , dirigente de la Ubisort , para dejarlos pasar “ es que también dialoguen con ellos ” .
El presidente de la Liga Mexicana por la Defensa de los Derechos Humanos , Adrián Ramírez , respondió que no podían dialogar con una persona que está señalada en una averiguación previa como responsable de la emboscada ocurrida el pasado 27 de abril , “ y no hay siquiera una orden de presentación ” .
Explicó que a la caravana se unieron defensores de las garantías , “ porque hay denuncias de violaciones a derechos humanos , hay ejecuciones extrajudiciales y lo único que pedimos en este momento es que se nos permita el libre tránsito ” .
La funcionaria contestó que existen órdenes de aprehensión para militantes de las tres organizaciones , pero no se ejecutan porque “ no queremos vernos como un Estado represivo y creemos que la ayuda de ustedes puede coadyuvar al diálogo ” .
Encabezan perredistas
En la caravana participa Alejandro Encinas , coordinador de la fracción del PRD en la Cámara de Diputados , y ocho legisladores más , así como observadores de Italia , Francia , España , Finlandia , Argentina , Portugal y Estados Unidos , y 42 organizaciones sociales de Oaxaca , Guerrero y Chiapas .
La Caravana Humanitaria Bety Cariño y Jyri Jakkola fue llamada así en honor a las dos personas asesinadas durante la emboscada que sufrió un primer grupo que intentó ingresar a la zona , el pasado 27 de abril .
San Juan Copala es una comunidad indígena donde se disputan el poder tres organizaciones : el Movimiento Unificador de Lucha Triqui ( MULT ) , la Ubisort y el MULTI , que es una escisión de la primera organización .
La comunidad está sitiada por un grupo armado desde hace cinco meses , por lo que no cuentan con víveres y 600 niños están sin clases , según han denunciado activistas de derechos humanos e integrantes del MULTI .
This guy needs to get his crap together .
Mmmm , I really could go for a slice of american cheese right about now .
( Newser ) – Mississippi Public Broadcasting dumped the popular NPR show “ Fresh Air ” and its host Terry Gross on Monday , citing “ recurring inappropriate content . ”
Speculation ran wild that the inappropriate content might be political , or related to its recent gay rights interviews .
But , nope , it turns out it was an interview with Louis CK , in which he talked about having sex with his shirt on , the Rachel Maddow Show ’s blog reports .
The state ’s colleges often use NPR as hold music ( hold talk ? ) .
So when some lucky caller was treated , without warning , to a discussion of the comedian 's bedroom habits — Louis likes to wear a shirt to hide his gut , and must be on his back , “ because I think I should always be the victim of the sex ” — he did n't laugh , he complained .
The station , which has a zero - tolerance policy for inappropriate content , promptly killed the show .
You can listen to the interview here ( the sex comments come about nine minutes in ) .
Search by name or hash ...
Search
European Men Are So Much More Romantic Than American Men
Alyssa Lerner
Junior , Boston University
Advertisement
I just got back from a semester abroad in Europe , and let me tell you , it truly was the most magical , amazing experience of my entire life .
The French countryside was like something out of a storybook , the Roman ruins were magnificent , and the men , well , European men are by far the most romantic in the world .
You American men all think you 're so suave and sophisticated .
Well , think again !
European men make you look like the immature , inexperienced little children you are .
They really know how to make a woman feel special over there .
Unlike the so - called men here in the States , European men know how to treat a woman right .
Advertisement
For one thing , European men are n't afraid to come up and talk to you .
And they know how to start slow , with a nice cup of Italian espresso or a long walk on some historic street .
They know the places you can't find in any tourist guide .
They know the whole history of the cities in which they live — who the fountains are named after , who the statues are .
I remember one unforgettable night in Athens , I sat and listened to a Greek sailor for hours as he told me about the countless men who fought over Helen back in ancient times .
Afterward , he told me he loved his homeland even more now that he 'd seen it through my eyes .
I ask you , would an American man ever say something as deep and beautiful as that ?
Advertisement
European men know the most romantic little cafés and bistros and trattorias , candlelit places where you can be alone and drink the most fantastic wine .
They tell you what 's on the menu and what you should try .
( If it was n't for a certain young man in Milan , I never would have discovered fusilli a spinaci et scampi . )
And the whole time , they 're looking deep into your eyes , like you 're the only woman on the entire planet .
What woman could resist a man like that ?
Then , after a moonlit stroll along the waterfront and a kiss in the doorway of their artist 's loft , you find yourself unable to — well , I 'll leave the rest to your imagination .
I 'll never forget my magical semester abroad .
One thing 's for sure — I 'm ruined for American men forever !
Advertisement
American Women Studying In Europe Are Unbelievably Easy
Giovanni Di Salvi
Advertisement
I 'm a 25 - year - old carpenter living in Rome , and I do n't mind telling you that I get all the action I can handle .
I 'm not all that handsome or well - dressed , and I 'm certainly not rich .
In fact , my Italian countrywomen could take me or leave me .
But that 's just fine , because Rome gets loads of tourist traffic , and American co-eds traveling through Europe are without a doubt the easiest lays in the world .
Being European gives me a hell of an advantage .
I 'm not sure why , but there 's something about the accent that opens a lot of doors .
All you have to do is go up to them , act a little shy and say , " Whould hyou like to go with me , Signorina , for a café ? "
I actually have to thicken up my accent a little , but they never , ever catch on .
Advertisement
After a cheap coffee , which to them always tastes better than anything they 've ever had , because they 're in Europe , it 's time to walk them .
Now , all they know about Rome is what they 've read in Let 's Go , so you can pretty much just make up a whole bunch of shit .
It 's fun to see how much they 'll swallow :
As long as I refer to Italy as " my homeland " and other Italians as " my people , " they 'll believe pretty much anything .
I do n't know who most of the local statues are , so I tell the muffins they 're all great artists and poets and lovers .
Once , just for the hell of it , I told a psychology major from the University of Maryland that a public staircase was part of the Spanish Steps , which she 'd never even heard of .
Another time , I told this blonde from Michigan State that the public library was the Parthenon , and she cooed like I 'd just given her a diamond .
For dinner , I usually take them to some cheap little hole in the wall , someplace deserted where not even the cops eat .
American girls think candlelight means " romance , " not " deteriorating public utilities , " so they just poke their nipples through their J. Crew sweaters and never notice that there 's no electricity .
Just as well , because Roman restaurants are n't exactly the cleanest .
After a bunch of fast - talk about the menu , I get them the special , which is usually some anonymous pasta with spinach and day - old shrimp , and whatever cheap , generic , Pope 's - blood chianti's at the bottom of the list .
Advertisement
By this time , they 're usually standing in a slippery little puddle .
Going in for the kill , I walk them past one of Rome 's famous 2,000 - year - old open cesspools .
Then , as we open the door to my shitty efficiency , I kiss them on the eyelids so they do n't see the roaches , making sure the first thing they see is the strategically positioned artist 's easel I bought at some church sale .
That 's usually all they need to see and , like clockwork , they fall backwards on my bed with their Birkenstocks in the air .
I mean , they 're hardly Italian women , but we have a saying here in Europe :
Why buy the cow when you can get the milk for free ?
Kak – Brazil
Of all the 2010 World Cup art out there , this series by Met Member Charis Tsevis is the creme of the crop .
“ This is an experimental personal project inspired by the great African pattern heritage and the contemporary football culture , he says .
“ I am trying to develop a new technique and a new illustration style to celebrate the first FIFA World Cup to be hosted in the African continent . ”
“ Best part of the project so far is the virtual journey through places and cultures .
Exploring Africa 's history and tradition is a great pleasure but also an endless lesson . ”
Great job , Charis !
Keep up the great work !
Landon Donovan – USA
Lionel Messi – Argentina
Didier Drogba – Ivory Coast
Mickal Essien – Ghana
Alex Song – Cameroon
Samuel Eto'o – Cameroon
Steven Pienaar – South Africa
Djibril Ciss – France
Charis 's flickr photostream
News that Saskatchewan will fund clinical trials of a controversial treatment for multiple sclerosis while B.C. continues to drag its feet is bittersweet , says Victoria 's Shara Grice .
" I think it 's fantastic and I 'm really proud of Saskatchewan for being a leader in Canada , and I really wish B.C. would follow suit , " said Grice , 33 .
article continues below
In announcing the funding , Saskatchewan Premier Brad Wall called the so - called " liberation " procedure an " avenue of hope " for patients stricken with the debilitating disease .
Wall said he plans to raise the issue at next week 's Council of the Federation meeting with other provincial and territorial leaders , but is willing to come up with funding for clinical trials as early as 2011 " even if it means we 're going it alone in Canada . "
There are up to 75,000 people with multiple sclerosis in Canada , and as many as 10,000 in B.C .
Currently , four research projects funded by the Multiple Sclerosis Society of Canada are being carried out " that did not exist in November , " said spokeswoman Suzanne Jay .
That research must conclude before proceeding with appropriate and safe treatments , the B.C. Health Ministry said in a statement yesterday .
A clinical trial involves doing procedures on or giving drugs to people , while the research currently being conducted in Canada are initial - stage investigations that could lead to clinical trials .
Pressure to research new methods of relieving the symptoms of MS grew after media attention on the so - called liberation therapy based on the theory of Italian neurologist Dr. Paolo Zamboni .
He maintains that a narrowing or blockage of veins in the neck that drain blood from the brain -- a medical condition he calls chronic cerebrospinal venous insufficiency -- may cause such symptoms .
Zamboni contends that a surgical procedure similar to balloon angioplasty that unblocks coronary and other arteries -- called PTA , or percutaneous transluminal angioplasty -- dilates these narrowed or blocked veins .
That improves blood flow , balance and walking , while reducing dizziness , fatigue , muscle spasms and incontinence , he says .
Zamboni's initial study reported that 73 per cent of patients who underwent the procedure reported a decrease in MS - associated symptoms .
Victoria 's Valerie MacNeil , who spent $ 7,000 to travel to Poland to get the procedure done , says it was worth every penny .
She says she 's not an " invalid " anymore and has more energy .
Some medical experts have suggested a placebo effect could account for the reported improvements in symptoms .
If the results are just a placebo effect , " sign me up , " Grice said .
Diagnosed with a secondary , progressive form of MS at 20 , Grice now uses a cane .
Her friends started fundraising for her in May to have the liberation procedure in the fall , either in New York or Poland .
They 've raised $ 6,000 thus far and her goal is $ 20,000 .
Anything left over would be paid forward to others suffering with MS .
" This would be a whole new beginning for me , " she said .
" I 've never known an adult life without MS . "
ceharnett@tc.canwest.com
-- With files from Postmedia News
Pentagon Tightens Media Access Rules
It 's going to be much harder for reporters to get access to the military thanks to new rules announced last night by the Pentagon .
Doug Mataconis · · No comments
In what seems to be a reaction to the Rolling Stone interview of General Stanley McChrystal , the Pentagon is tightening the rules governing press access to the military :
WASHINGTON — Nine days after a four - star general was relieved of command for comments made to Rolling Stone magazine , Defense Secretary Robert M. Gates issued orders on Friday tightening the reins on officials dealing with the news media .
The memorandum requires top - level Pentagon and military leaders to notify the office of the Defense Department ’s assistant secretary for public affairs “ prior to interviews or any other means of media and public engagement with possible national or international implications . ”
Just as the removal of Gen. Stanley A. McChrystal from command in Afghanistan was viewed as President Obama ’s reassertion of civilian control of the military , so Mr. Gates ’s memo on “ Interaction With the Media ” was viewed as a reassertion by civilian public affairs specialists of control over the military ’s contacts with the news media .
Senior officials involved in preparing the three - page memo said work on it had begun well before the uproar that followed Rolling Stone ’s profile of General McChrystal .
But they acknowledged that the controversy , and the firing of one of the military ’s most influential commanders , served to emphasize Mr. Gates ’s determination to add more discipline to the Defense Department ’s interactions with the media .
“ I have said many times that we must strive to be as open , accessible and transparent as possible , ” Mr. Gates wrote in the memo , which was sent to senior Pentagon civilian officials , the nation ’s top military officer , each of the armed - services secretaries and the commanders of the regional war - fighting headquarters .
“ At the same time , I am concerned that the department has grown lax in how we engage with the media , often in contravention of established rules and procedures . ”
The memo by Mr. Gates , a former C.I.A. director , also demanded greater adherence to secrecy standards , issuing a stern warning against the release of classified information : “ Leaking of classified information is against the law , cannot be tolerated and will , when proven , lead to the prosecution of those found to be engaged in such activity . ” (…) Mr. Gates ’s memo “ is based primarily on his view that we owe the media and we owe ourselves engagement by those who have full knowledge of the situations at hand , ” Mr. Wilson said .
Mr. Gates was particularly concerned that civilian and military officials speaking to reporters sometimes had only a parochial view of a national security issue under discussion .
The new orders , Mr. Wilson said , were devised to “ make sure that anybody and everybody who does engage has as full a picture as possible and the most complete information possible . ”
The repercussions of the Rolling Stone profile have included heightened concerns that military officers will become warier of the press — and it is expected that many officers will read the new memo as an official warning to restrict access to reporters .
If that happens , it would be unfortunate .
While there is a definite need for the military to be able to do it ’s work with sufficient secrecy that the safety of troops and the success of operations is n’t compromised , there should be a default position that allowing reporters to have access to the troops is in the interests of both the military itself and the public that they are sworn to defend .
Of course , this requires some responsibility on the part of journalists to be careful about what they report .
Additionally , ever since Vietnam it ’s fairly clear that there is some hostility between the military and the press .
We ’re never going to return to the days of World War II , where reporters like Ernie Pyle were as much cheerleaders for the American war effort as they were objective journalists .
The style of journalism that exists today is , by default , much more skeptical of authority , especially military authority , than what exists sixty years ago , and that is likely responsible for at least part of the rift that has developed over the years .
The fact that a rift exists , though , is probably a good thing .
Just as it was not in the interests of American voters to have a White House Press Corps that willingly choose to suppress information about Presidents like FDR and Kennedy , it is n’t in their interests to be kept in the dark about what is actually being done in their name in foreign lands .
If that means that the public itself becomes more skeptical of the use of military force , then so be it .
On a final note , one has to wonder just how effective these rules are going to be when you read something like this :
A copy of the unclassified memo by Mr. Gates was provided to The New York Times by an official who was not authorized to release it .
Douglas B. Wilson , the new assistant secretary of defense for public affairs , and Geoff Morrell , the Pentagon press secretary , verified its content .
Information is going to get it out , it seems , regardless of what rules are in place .
Such towers are usually used to watch fires , other cataclysms , but this one was abandoned long ago and only birds , rain and wind visit it now …
via antares - 610
Did you know one of the most common search terms that brings people to The Convention Fans Blog is some variation of “ Buffy the Vampire Slayer convention ” ?
While several cast members from the Buffy franchise attend fandom conventions regularly , there have n’t been many cons dedicated to it entirely .
Clearly someone at Wizard Entertainment has noticed that void as well , because they are bringing six cast members from Buffy and Angel to their inaugural Wizard World New England Comic Con .
I have to admit , the press release Wizard Entertainment put out is a bit confusing .
On the one hand , it says the cast members will “ will appear at the inaugural Wizard World New England Comic Con ” .
But then later it says the guests “ are all scheduled to appear at the ‘ Buffyfest ’ festival being done in partnership with CineQuest.com . ”
The best I can tell is that “ Buffyfest ” is an event within New England Comic Con .
If someone from Wizard reads this and wishes to clarify , please feel free .
Wizard World ’s New England Comic
Con is happening October 15 - 17 , 2010 at the Hynes Convention Center in Boston , Massachusetts .
The Buffy franchise celebs currently scheduled to appear include James Marsters , Charisma Carpenter , Nicholas Brendon , Amber Benson , Clare Kramer and Mercedes McNab .
As with other Wizard World conventions , there will be a vendor room and artist area , Q&As with some of the guests , photo ops , autographs , and several opportunities for gaming .
Other non-Buffy guests include Ethan Van Sciver , Arthur Suydam , Jonny Fairplay , Mr. PEC - Tacular , Jessie “ Young Gunz ” Godderz , and several other comic artists and editors .
Ticket prices for pre-registration are as follows :
Adult Weekend Ticket : $ 45.00
One - Day Adult Ticket : $ 25.00
Child Ticket ( Limit 2 per paid ticket ) : FREE
For more information , visit the official New England Comic Con website .
The Enterprise is unwittingly used to present a unique gift to an alien race : a beautiful empath whose sole purpose is to please her mate .
Problems arise when , coming out of stasis early in the voyage , she imprints herself in many ways on a particular Enterprise crewman .
Written by Moviedude1
Did You Know ?
Trivia
Their are several allusions to the Trojan War , like the war started by two men's rivalry over a woman , and the name of the ambassador ( Briam , very similar to Priam , king of Troy ) .
The " Trojan War in space " metaphor had previously been used in Their are several allusions to the Trojan War , like the war started by two men's rivalry over a woman , and the name of the ambassador ( Briam , very similar to Priam , king of Troy ) .
The " Trojan War in space " metaphor had previously been used in Raumschiff Enterprise : Elaan of Troyius ( 1968 ) , one of the more popular 3rd - season TOS entries .
See more
Goofs Near to the end of the scene when Picard is talking to Dr Crusher about Kampala , Dr Crusher has no cup or saucer in her hands when the camera is facing her and she touches her face .
When the angle changes , she has them in her left hand as he reaches out to touch her right hand .
Near to the end of the scene when Picard is talking to Dr Crusher about Kampala , Dr Crusher has no cup or saucer in her hands when the camera is facing her and she touches her face .
When the angle changes , she has them in her left hand as he reaches out to touch her right hand .
See more
Quotes
[ after some hesitation , Picard agrees with a nod ]
: The lights stay on .
See more » Kamala : Please do n't leave .
Talk to me .
I love the sound of your voice .
I 'll turn out the lights and just listen .
I do n't want to be alone .
Captain Jean - Luc Picard :
The lights stay on .
For every storm a rainbow : Zurich illuminated as lightning cracks beneath a multi-coloured sky
Advertisement
The Irish blessing predicts , for every storm a rainbow .
It 's just not often that both are spotted at the exact same time .
This astonishing picture captures the moment a bolt of lightning cracks alongside a rainbow breaking through the storm clouds rolling over Lake Zurich in Switzerland .
The atmosphere is one of an almost - alien world , a far cry from how peaceful and serene Zurich appears normally .
The city remained cloudy and humid today , with temperatures struggling to rise above 23C .
Photo Gallery A Catastrophe at the Love Parade
The 2010 Love Parade in the German city of Duisburg has ended in tragedy after 19 people died and hundreds were injured in a stampede .
Panic broke out in a tunnel after the festival site was closed due to overcrowding .
WELCOME TO FISHER EXECUTIVE PROTECTION
Fisher Executive offers certified training for the California Security Professional .
Certified BSIS classes are available for both Initial Guard Training ( Powers to Arrest ) and Exposed Firearms training , or for those professionals already certified and need to re-qualify on the shooting range , or re-certify for employment .
Certified BSIS
Elective Courses are also available for officers hired since July 2004 , who must complete a 40 hour program within the first 6 months of employment as prescribed in the California Business & Professions Code .
These courses are mandatory and certificates are issued for each course .
These course are typically taught in 4 and 8 hour blocks and offered 1 - 2 times a month depending on student demand .
Spray and Baton courses will be available at our facility in the near future .
Special rates are available for groups of five or more and Active Duty Sworn Peace Officers with ID who are seeking off - duty secondary employment .
For registration and appointments , please contact our Training Manager , Antoine Fisher .
Our training calendar for upcoming courses is currently displayed in out retail area .
Thank you .
When markedly similar characters and stories start popping up everywhere , it ’s more than a trend .
It ’s what those of us raised on vintage postmodernism call a historical phenomenon .
So an intertextual analysis of “ Greenberg , ” “ Hot Tub Time Machine ” and “ The Ask ” ( for starters ) yields a startling composite portrait of the Gen X male in midlife crisis .
Earlier versions of the crisis were , by and large , reactions against social norms .
Members of the Greatest Generation and the one that came right after — the “ Mad Men ” guys , their wives and secretaries — settled down young into a world where the parameters of career and domesticity seemed fixed , and then proceeded , by the force of their own restlessness , to blow it all up .
Image MIDLIFE , NOW AND THEN “ Hot Tub Time Machine ” ( 2010 ) , top ; and “ The Big Chill ” ( 1983 ) Credit ... Rob Mcewan / Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer , top ; Photofest
This pattern repeated itself in the next decades , yielding variations on a story everyone seems to know .
At a certain point , Dad buys a sports car , or starts a rock band , or has an affair or walks out on Mom or quits the law firm to make goat cheese .
When this kind of thing happens to Mom , it ’s not a crisis but an awakening .
In any case , the driving impulse is to shake off the straitjacket of adulthood and find some way to feel young again .
But what if you never gave up adolescence in the first place ?
What if you donned the binding garment of maturity only tentatively , and accessorized it with mockery , as if it were a hand - me - down from Grandpa or an ugly shirt plucked from a used - clothing rack ?
And what if , from the start , your youthful rebelliousness had been a secondhand entitlement , without a clear adversary ?
These are the elements of Roger Greenberg ’s predicament , which is shared by Milo Burke and the three 40 - somethings who journey back to 1986 in “ Hot Tub Time Machine . ”
They all seem stuck in an earlier phase of life , which was n’t so great to begin with : Milo ’s dorm room bull sessions and sexual escapades ; Roger ’s rock ’n ’ roll dreams ; that crazy time at the ski lodge with snow , cocaine , sex and spandex as far as the eye could see .
What follows that less - than - storied youth is regret , an intimation of lost possibilities that haunts everyone .
There is , first of all , the squandered ambition , the professional road not taken .
Milo , who was going to be the greatest painter of his time , slowly gave that up and ran aground in the world of nonprofit fund - raising .
Roger balked at a record deal and lost his chance at success , just like Nick , the pet groomer in “ Hot Tub Time Machine . ”
And then there are the former and potential girlfriends — the ones who got away but will never quite go away , tantalizing each sad - sack midlifer with visions of a bliss that might have been if he had n’t screwed it up .
Other exemplary figures pop up repeatedly in these stories , most notably the successful friend ( or , in Roger ’s case , brother ) who rubs your face in your own failure and the members of a younger generation on hand to do the same thing by different means .
The climax of “ Greenberg ” comes at a party where Roger excoriates a bunch of Millennials — a bunch of 20 - somethings — for the meanness that he believes is a byproduct of perfect parenting and manifests itself by a lack of reverence for Duran Duran .
John Cusack expresses similar resentment in “ Hot Tub ” toward his character ’s nephew , an inoffensive fellow , whose uncle sees him as a sexless , soulless video game addict .
And Milo has Horace , an erstwhile co-worker and a more aggressive version of Milo himself , but with a virtuosity , scrambling cultural references and modes of diction that put Milo to shame .
Horace is an iPod holding 10,000 songs on permanent shuffle , while Milo is a painstakingly assembled cassette mix tape .
There are variations on the story .
In Judd Apatow ’s “ Funny People , ” released last summer , Adam Sandler played a comedian - turned - movie star with the kind of money , toys and sexual opportunities that the dudes in the hot tub only dreamed of .
But he had still not fully grown up , troubled by memories of lost love and premonitions of death , and also menaced by a rising , and somewhat better - adjusted , comic played by Seth Rogen .
That movie ’s somewhat unstable blend of melancholy and humor was accompanied by an acute cognitive dissonance arising from the casting of Mr. Sandler .
When did he , Mr. Stiller and Mr. Cusack — Lloyd Dobler ! — become the older guys ?
And what do the rest of us have to show for aging along with them ?
That we saw “ Reality Bites ” or “ Say Anything ” when they first opened in theaters ?
That we once watched Mr. Sandler do Opera Man on “ Saturday Night Live ” ?
Below is the uncorrected machine - read text of this chapter , intended to provide our own search engines and external engines with highly rich , chapter - representative searchable text of each book .
Because it is UNCORRECTED material , please consider the following text as a useful but insufficient proxy for the authoritative book pages .
1 ~ . 1dICROLIVESTOCK
LitIte - Known Small Animals with a Promising Economic Future Board on Science and Technology for International Development National Research Council NATIONAL ACADEMY PRESS Washington , D.C. 1991
NOTICE :
The project that is the subject of this report was approved by the Governing Board of the National Research Council , whose members are drawn from the councils of the National Academy of Sciences , the National Academy of Engineering , and the Institute of Medicine .
The members of the committee responsible for the report were chosen for their special competence and with regard for appropriate balance .
This report has been reviewed by a group other than the authors according to procedures approved by a Report Review Committee consisting of members of the National Academy of Sciences , the National Academy of Engineering , and the Institute of Medicine .
The National Academy of Sciences is a private , nonprofit , self - perpetuating society of distinguished scholars engaged in scientific and engineering research , dedicated to the furtherance of science and technology and to their use for the general welfare .
Upon the authority of the charter granted to it by the Congress in 1863 , the Academy has a mandate that requires it to advise the federal government on scientific and technical matters .
Dr. Frank Press is president of the National Academy of Sciences .
The National Academy of Engineering was established in 1964 , under the charter of the National Academy of Sciences , as a parallel organization of outstanding engineers .
It is autonomous in its administration and in the selection of its members , sharing with the National Academy of Sciences the responsibility for advising the federal government .
The National Academy of Engineering also sponsors engineering programs aimed at meeting national needs , encourages education and research , and recognizes the superior achievements of engineers .
Dr. Robert M. White is president of the National Academy of Engineering .
The Institute of Medicine was established in 1970 by the National Academy of Sciences to secure the services of eminent members of appropriate professions in the examination of policy matters pertaining to the health of the public .
The Institute acts under the responsibility given to the National Academy of Sciences by its congressional charter to be an adviser to the federal government and , upon its own initiative , to identify issues of medical care , research , and education .
Dr. Samuel O. Thier is president of the Institute of Medicine .
The National Research Council was organized by the National Academy of Sciences in 1916 to associate the broad community of science and technology with the Academy 's purposes of furthering knowledge and advising the federal government .
Functioning in accordance with general policies determined by the Academy , the Council has become the principal operating agency of both the National Academy of Sciences and the National Academy of Engineering in providing services to the government , the public , and the scientific and engineering communities .
The Council is administered jointly by both Academies and the Institute of Medicine .
Dr. Frank Press and Dr. Robert M. White are chairman and vice chairman , respectively , of the National Research Council .
The Board on Science and Technology for International Development ( BOSTID ) of the Office of International Affairs addresses a range of issues arising from the ways in which science and technology in developing countries can stimulate and complement the complex processes of social and economic development .
It oversees a broad program of bilateral workshops with scientific organizations in developing countries and conducts special studies .
This report was prepared by an ad hoc advisory panel of the Advisory Committee on Technology Innovation , Board on Science and Technology for International Develop - ment , Office of International Affairs , National Research Council .
Staff support was funded by the Office of the Science Advisor , Agency for International Development , under Grant No. DAN - 5538 - G- SS - 1023-00 .
Library of Congress Catalog Card Number : 90-63998 ISBN 0-309-04437-5
PANEL ON MICROLIVESTOCK RALPH W. PHILLIPS , Deputy Director General ( Retired ) , Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations , Chairman EDWARD S. AYENSU , Senior Advisor to the President , African Devel - opment Bank , Abidjan , Ivory Coast .
BONNIE V. BEAVER , Professor of Veterinary Medicine , Department of Small Animal Medicine and Surgery , Texas A&M University , College Station , Texas , USA KURT BENTRSCHKE , Professor of Pathology and Reproductive Medicine , University of California - San Diego , San Diego , California , USA ROY D. CRAWFORD , Professor of Animal and Poultry Genetics , De- partment of Animal and Poultry Science , University of Saskatche - wan , Saskatoon , Saskatchewan , Canada TONY J. CUNHA , Distinguished Service Professor Emeritus , University of Florida , Gainesville , and Dean Emeritus , School of Agriculture , California Polytechnic University , Pomona , California , USA DAVID E. DEPPNER , Director , New Forest Project , International Center , Washington , D.C. , USA ELIZABETH L. HENSON , Executive Director , American Minor Breeds Conservancy , Pittsboro , North Carolina , USA DONALD L. MUSS , Menard , Texas , USA ( Formerly Regional Animal Production Officer , FAO , Santiago , Chile ) DAVID R. LINCICOME , Guest Scientist , U.S. Department of Agriculture , Beltsville , Maryland , USA THOMAS E. LOVEJOY , Assistant Secretary for External Affairs ?
Smith - sonian Institution , Washington , D.C. , USA ARNE W. NORDSKOG , Professor Emeritus , Department of Animal Sci - ence , Iowa State University , Ames , Iowa , USA LINDA M. PANEPINTO , Director , Miniature Swine Laboratory , Colorado State University , Fort Collins , Colorado , USA KURT J. PETERS , Professor of Animal Breeding and Husbandry in the Tropics and Subtropics , University of Gottingen , Gottingen , West Germany , and Director of Research , International Livestock Centre for Africa , Addis Ababa , Ethiopia JOHN A. PINO , Senior Fellow , National Research Council , Washington , D.C. , USA HUGH POPENOE , Director , International Program in Agriculture , Uni- versity of Florida , Gainesville , Florida , USA MICHAEL H. ROBINSON , Director , National Zoological Park , Washington , D.C. , USA KNUT SCHMIDT - NIEESON , James B .
Duke Professor of Physiology , Department of Zoology , Duke University , Durham , North Carolina , USA . . .
ALBERT E. SOLLOD , Associate Professor and Head , Section of Inter - national Veterinary Medicine , Tufts University , North Grafton , Massachusetts , USA LEE M. TALBOT , Visiting Fellow , World Resources Institute , Washing - ton , D.C. , USA CLAIR E. TERRILL , Sheep and Goat Scientist , U. S. Department of Agriculture , Beltsville , Maryland , USA CHRISTEN M. WEMMER , Assistant Director for Conservation , National Zoological Park , Front Royal , Virginia , USA DANNY C. WHARTON , Associate Curator Animal Departments , New York Zoological Park , Bronx Zoo , The Bronx , New York , USA CHARLES A. WOODS , Professor and Curator , Florida State Museum , University of Flonda , Gainesville , Florida , USA THOMAS M. YUILL , Associate Dean for Research and Graduate Training , School of Veterinary Medicine , University of Wisconsin - Madison , Madison , Wisconsin , USA * * * NOEL D. VIETMEYER , Board on Science and Technology for International Development ( BOSTID ) , National Research Council , Washington , D.C. , Microlivestock Study Director and Scientific Editor NATIONAL RESEARCH COUNCIL STAFF F.R. RUSKIN , BOSTID Editor MARK DAFFORN , Technical Writer MARY JANE ENGQUIST , Staff Associate ELIZABETH MOUZON , Senior Secretary JOHN VREYENS , MUCIA Intern 1V
CONTRIBUTORS
The following individuals have made general contributions to the develop ment of this book .
All of the persons listed as research contacts in Appen dix B also contributed - usually on one or two species that are their scientific specialty .
ASH1Q AHMAD , Wildlife Management Specialist , Pakistan Forest Institute , Peshawar , Pakistan ANGEL C. ALCALA , Division Research , Extension and Development , Silliman University , Dumaguete City , Philippines HART !
AMMANN , Basel , Switzerland PATRICK ANDAU , Forest Department , Sandakan , Sabah , Malaysia S.P. ARORA , National Dairy Research Institute , Karnal , India S. AYYAPPAN , CIFRI , Kausabyaganga , Bhubaneswar Orissa , India WALTER BAKHUIS , Caribbean Marine Biological Institute , Willemstad , Curagao , Netherlands Antilles JAMES R. BARBORAK , CATIE , Turrialba , Costa Rica PUSHKAR NATH BHAT , Indian Veterinary Research Institute , Izatnagar , Uttar Pradesh , India STEVE BENNETT , Curepe , Trinidad , West Indies K.P. BLAND , Department of Physiology , Royal ( Dick ) School of Veterinary Studies , University of Edinburgh , Edinburgh , Scotland MELVIN BOLTON , Yeppoon , Queensland , Australia JOSEPH BONNEMAIRE , Ecole Nationale Superieure des Sciences Agronomiques Appliquees , Dijon , France R.D.S. BRANCKAERT , Faculte des Sciences Agronomiques , Universite du Burundi , Bujumbura , Burundi PETER BRAZAITIS , Herpetology , New York Zoological Society , The Bronx , New York , USA L. DE LA BRETONNE , JR. , Louisiana Cooperative Extension Service , Louisiana State University , Baton Rouge , Louisiana , USA P. BRINCK , Department of Animal Ecology , University of Lund , Lund , Sweden LESETE BROWNRIGG , CIAT , Cali , Colombia D. HOMER BUCK , Illinois Natural History Survey , Kinmundy , Illinois , USA GERARDO BUDOWSKI , Natural Renewable Resources Programme , CATIE , Turrialba , Costa Rica DAVID BUTCHER , Taronga Zoo , Mosman , New South Wales , Australia JULIAN 0 .
CALDECOTT , World Wildlife Fund Malaysia , Kuching , Sarawak , Malaysia GARY CALLIS , Texline , Texas , USA J.K. CAMOENS , Asian Development Bank , Manila , Philippines A. CHRISTOPHER CARMICHAEE , The Museum , Michigan State University , East Lansing , Michigan , USA ROBERT H. CHABRECK , School of Forestry and Wildlife Management , Louisiana State University , Baton Rouge , Louisiana , USA A.M. CHAGULA , Research , Ministry of Agriculture , Dar-es - Salaam , Tanzania v
CHARAN CHANTALAKHANA , Department of Animal Science , Kasetsart Univer - sity , Bangkok , Thailand PETER R. CHEEKE , Rabbit Research Center , Oregon State University , Corvallis , Oregon , USA G.S. CHILD , Forest Resources Division , FAG , Rome , Italy A.S. CHOPRA , Ministry of Agriculture , Department of Agriculture and Coop - eration , New Delhi , India W. ROSS COCKRILL , 29 Downs Park West , Bristol , England , BS6 7QH CRISOSTOMO CORTES , Dairy Promotion and Extension Section , Dairy Devel - opment Division , Manila , Philippines WYLAND CRIPE , College of Veterinary Medicine , University of Florida , Gainesville , Florida , USA A. BEN DAVID , Holon , Israel C. DEVENDRA , International Development Research Centre , Singapore RODNEY DILLINGER , International Agency for Apiculture Development , Rockford , Illinois , USA DIRECTOR , Natal Parks Board , Pietermaritzburg , South Africa ROLLANDE DUMONT , Ecole Nationale Superieure des Sciences Agronomiques Appliquees , Dijon , France N.G. EHIOBU , Department of Agricultural Sciences , College of Education , Agbor , Nigeria nn~ A T n FA UNFR nf~n~rtme.nt Of 7~1~v I Jniversitv of Washington , Seattle ~ ~ ~ ~ 1 ~ ~ ~ ~ A ^` ~ ~ ~ A ~ ~ ^_ r - - - _ = , , _ _ , Washington , USA JOHN A. FERGUSON , Overseas Development Administration , Eland House , London , England ABELARDO FERRER D. , Quinta Nueva Exparta , San Bernardino , Caracas , Venezuela LYNWOOD A. FIEDLER , Section of International Programs , U. S. Fish and Wildlife Service , Denver Wildlife Research Center , Denver , Colorado , USA H. FISCHER , Tropical Science Centre , Division of Tropical Veterinary Medicine , Justus - Liebig University , Giessen , West Germany J. FURTADO , Commonwealth Science Council , London , England FRANK GOLLEY , Institute of Ecology , University of Georgia , Athens , Georgia , USA E. GONZALES J. , Instituto de Produccidn Animal , Universidad Central de Venezuela , El Limon - Maracay , Venezuela GRAHAM GOUDIE , Mainland Holdings , Lae , Papua New Guinea ALISTAIR GRAHAM , Tanglewood , Crowborough , East Sussex , England GORDON GRIGG , Zoology , University of Sydney , Sydney , New South Wales , Australia M.R. DE GUMAN , JR. , Food and Fertilizer Technology Center , Taipei , Taiwan COLIN P. GROVES , Department of Prehistory and Anthropology , The Australian National University , Canberra , ACT , Australia J. HARDOUIN , Institut de Medicine Tropicale " Prince Leopold , " Antwerp , Belgium GEOFFREY HAWTIN , International Development Research Centre , University of British Columbia , Vancouver , B.C. , Canada V1
GORDON HAVORD , Technical Advisory Division , UNDP , New York , New York , USA TIN HLA , Veterinary Department , Director General 's Office , Rangoon , Burma JAMES HENTGES , Department of Animal Science , University of Florida , Gainesville , Florida , USA W.F. HOLLANDER , Department of Genetics Iowa , USA Iowa State University , Ames , RENE E. HONEGGER , Herpetology , Zurich Zoo , Zurich , Switzerland JACK HOWARTH , School of Veterinary Medicine , University of California Davis , California , USA HUANG CHU - CHIEN , Institute of Zoology , Academia Sinica , Beijing , China ANGUS HUTTON , Gympie , Queensland , Australia H.A. JASIOROWSKI , Animal Production and Health Division , FAG , Rome , Italy MUHAMMAD YAQUB JAVAID , Directorate of Fisheries , Government of the Punjab , Punjab , India J. MANGALARA ] JOHNSON , Nudumalai Sanctuary , Vannarpet , Udagamandalani India MAT !
KAAL , Tallinn Zoo , ESSR Tallin , USSR STELLAN KARLSSON , Simontorp Aquaculture AB , Blentarp , Sweden JACKSON A. KATEGILE , International Development Research Centre , Nairobi , Kenya ROBERT E. KENWARD , Institute of Terrestrial Ecology , Furzebrook Research Station , Wareham , Dorset , England JAMES M. KEARNEY , Miami , Florida , USA F.
WAYNE KING , Florida State Museum , Gainesville , Florida , USA H.-G. KLOS , Zoologischer Garten Berlin , Berlin , West Germany NELS M. KONNERUP , Boom International , Stanwood , Washington , USA NAVU KWAPENA , Office of Environment and Conservation , Boroko , Papua New Guinea THOMAS E. LACHER , Huxley College of Environmental Studies , Western Washington University , Bellingham , Washington , USA JOHN K. LOOSLT , Gainesville , Florida , USA PETER LUTZ , Rosenstiel School of Marine and Atmospheric Science , University of Miami , Miami , Florida , USA CRAIG MACFARLAND , CATIE , Turrialba , Costa Rica CONSTANCE M. MCCORKLE , Department of Rural Sociology , University of Missouri , Columbia , Missouri , USA ROBERT E. MCDOWELL ' Department of Animal Science , Cornell University , Ithaca , New York , USA JEFFREY A. MCNEELY , International Union for Conservation of Nature and Natural Resources , Gland , Switzerland ADRIAN G. MARSHALL , Institute of South - East Asian Biology , University of Aberdeen , Aberdeen , Scotland RICHARD R. MARSHA LL , Veterinary Medicine , Sutter Hospitals Medical Research Foundation , Sacramento , California , USA G.H.G. MARTIN , Department of Zoology , Kenyatta University College , Nairobi , Kenya . .
V11
IAN L. MASON , Edinburgh , Scotland JOHN C. MASON , Pacific Biological Station , Nanaimo , B.C. , Canada J. MAYO MARTIN , Fish Farming Experimental Station , Stuttgart , Arkansas , USA Yo~ANDA MATAMOROS , Escuela de Medicina Veterinaria , Universidad Nacional , Heredia , Costa Rica Rosin McKERGoN , Livestock Development Corporation , Lae , Papua New Guinea M. MGHENI , Faculty of Agriculture , Sokoine University of Agriculture , Morogoro , Tanzania P. MoNG~N , Station de Recherches Avicoles , INRA - Centre de Tours , Nouzilly , Monnaie , France JOSE ROBERTO DE ALENCAR MOREIRA , Agricultural Research Center of the Humid Tropics , Belem , Para , Brazil W.L.R. OLIVER , Jersey Wildlife Preservation Trust , Jersey , Channel Islands , United Kingdom WERNER PAUWELS , Basel , Switzerland W.J.A.
PAYNE , Worcester , England IAN PLAYER , Wilderness Leadership School , Bellair , Natal , South Africa JAMES H. POWELL , JR. , Plainview , Texas , USA WILLIAM R. PRITCHARD , School of Veterinary Medicine , University of California , Davis , California , USA HECTOR HUGO L~ PUN , International Development Research Centre , Bogota , Colombia V~cENTE T. Qu~RANTE , Small Ruminant Collaborative Research Project , Bureau of Animal Industry , Manila , Philippines DAN RATTNER , The Institute of Animal Research , Kibbutz Lahav , D.N. Negev , Israel C.V. REDDY , Faculty of Veterinary Science , Andhra Pradesh Agricultural University , Rajendranagar , Hyderabad , India RHoEHE~T , Institute of Applied Science and Technology , University Campus , Turkeyen , Guyana CHAR~Es T. Ross~Ns , Department of Zoology , Washington State University , Pullman , Washington , USA CARMEN MA .
ROIAS G. , CATIE , Turrialba , Costa Rica D.H.L. Ror~NsoN , Sardinia , Italy Ju~o E. SANCHEZ P. , Museo Nacional , San Jose , Costa Rica JEFF SAYER , World Conservation Centre , Gland , Switzerland G. SEIFERT , Tropical Cattle Research Centre , CSIRO , Rockhampton , Queensland , Australia ANDRES E~oY SE~As , Servicio Nacional de Fauna Silvestre , Maracay , Venezuela S.K. SHAH , Institute of Animal Sciences , National Institute of Health , Islamabad , Pakistan STEH CHENx~A Department of Animal Science , Nanjing Agricultural College , Nanjing , People~s Republic of China B.P. SINGH , College of Veterinary and Animal Science , Chandra Sekhar Azad University of Agriculture and Technology , Mathura , Uttar Pradesh , India C. CATIBOG SINHA , Forest Research Institute , College , Laguna , Philippines . . . v~'
A.J. SMITH , Tropical Animal Health , Royal ( Dick ) School of Veterinary Studies , University of Edinburgh , Edinburgh , Scotland , Great Britain A. MITHAT EFENDI , Ankara , Turkey HENRY STODDARD , Shamrock Veterinary Clinic and Fisheries , Cross City , Florida , USA SUKUT SULARSASA , Faculty of Animal Husbandry , Gadjalu Mada University , Yogyakarta , Indonesia D.L. SUTTON , Agricultural Research and Education Center , Fort Lauderdale , Florida , USA NICHOLAS SMYTHE , Smithsonian Tropical Research Institute , Panama J. SZUMIEC , Polish Academy of Sciences , Experimental Fish Culture Station , Chybie , Poland N. TABUNAKAWAI , Ministry of Primary Industries , Suva , Fiji FRANK M. THOMPSON , Wild Animal Brokers , Bradenton , Florida , USA ALLEN D. TILLMAN , Stillwater , Oklahoma , USA DON TULLOCH , Winnellie , Northern Territory , Australia CONRADO A. VALDEZ , Dairy Development Division , Bureau of Animal Industry , Manila , Philippines LUIS VARONA , Havana , Cuba PRAN VOHRA , Department of Avian Sciences , College of Agricultural and Environmental Sciences , University of California , Davis , California , USA ANTOON DE VOS , Whitford , Auckland , New Zealand GRAHAME WEBB , Conservation Commission of the Northern Territory , Win- nellie , Northern Territory , Australia DAGMAR WERNER , Fundacion Pro Iguana Verde , Heredia , Costa Rica GARY WETTERBERG , Department of the Interior , Washington , D.C. , USA CHAREES H. WHARTON , Clayton , Georgia , USA F.W. BERT WHEEEER , College Station , Texas , USA ROMULUS WHITAKER , Madras Crocodile Bank , Perur , Tamil Nadu , India WILDEIFE CONSERVATION INTERNATIONAE , New York Zoological Society , The Bronx , New York , USA R.R. YEO , USDA - ARS , University of California , Davis , California , USA BRUCE A. YOUNG , Department of Animal Science , University of Alberta , Edmonton , Alberta , Canada CHAROON YOUNGPRAPAKORN , The Samutprakan Crocodile Farm and Zoo , Samutprakan , Thailand THOMAS M. YUILL , School of Veterinary Medicine , University of Wisconsin , Madison , Madison , Wisconsin , USA W. ZEILLER , Miami Seaquarium , Miami , Florida , USA 1X
Preface
The purpose of this report is to raise awareness of the potential of small livestock species and to stimulate their introduction into animal research and economic development programs .
It is geared particularly towards benefiting developing nations .
" Microlivestock " is a term we have coined for species that are inherently small , such as rabbits and poultry , as well as for breeds of cattle , sheep , goats , and pigs that are less than about half the size of the most common breeds .
These miniature animals are seldom consid- ered in the broad picture of livestock development , but they seem to have a promising future .
Wherever land is scarce it seems reasonable to assume that , things being equal , small animals would be more attractive than large ones .
And land for livestock is becoming increas- ingly scarce .
In this report we have emphasized multipurpose species with promise for smallholders .
In some species , the promise is immediate ; in others , it is long term , and much research must be undertaken before that promise can be realized or even understood .
We have included wild species that seem to have potential as future livestock .
Some are threatened with extinction but are described here because their economic merits may be the key to acquiring support for their protection .
Also , we have highlighted rare breeds of domes - ticated species because the current tendency has been to concentrate on a small number of large breeds , and many potentially valuable breeds are becoming extinct through neglect .
The book was prepared after an intensive survey of more than 300 animal scientists in 80 countries .
They suggested more than 150 species for inclusion .
The staff then drafted chapters on about 40 species and these drafts were reviewed by more than 400 researchers worldwide .
The thousands of resulting comments , corrections , and additions were integrated into the drafts .
The panel then met to review the product , to select the most promising species , and to rework the chapters based on their own experiences and joint conclusions .
The result is the current 35 chapters .
Most of the case studies and accounts of inno- vations highlighted in the various sidebars were developed by the staff study director .
X1
. . X11 MICROLIVESTOCK
Collectively , this study covers many species , but it by no means exhausts all the microlivestock possibilities .
Lack of space and time precludes discussion of creatures such as edible insects , snails , worms , turtles , and bats , which in some regions are highly regarded foods .
Similarly , we have not included aquatic life .
These decisions were arbitrary ; perhaps invertebrates and aquatic species can be included in future volumes .
This report is addressed to government administrators , technical - assistance personnel , and researchers in agriculture , nutrition , and related disciplines who are concerned with helping developing countries achieve a more efficient and balanced exploitation of their biological resources .
Hence , we deal with the animals in a general way and do not cover details of biology , husbandry , or economics .
A selection of readings that contains such technical information is cited in Appendix A . A further goal of this project has been to explore the common ground between the disparate arms of animal science : to show that specialists in wildlife , zoology , and livestock science have much to learn from one another 's field of expertise ; to show that " fanciers " of pigeons , pheasants , chinchillas , iguanas , and other species may have much to offer livestock breeders including germplasm ; and that those who raise " obsolete " breeds are not only playing a vital role in the protection of rare genes but can offer the benefit of their experience to commercial livestock producers .
Throughout this report , the scientific names of mammals follow those in : Mammal Species of the World : A Taxonomic and Geographic Reference .
1982 . J.H. Honacki , K.E. Kinman , and J.W. Koeppl , editors .
Published by Allen Press , Inc. ; and the Association of Sys- tematics Collections , Lawrence , Kansas , USA .
All dollar figures are in U.S. dollars ; all ton figures are in metric tons .
This report has been produced under the auspices of the Advisory Committee on Technology Innovation ( ACTI ) of the Board on Science and Technology for International Development , National Research Council .
ACTI was mandated to assess innovative scientific and technological advances , with particular emphasis on those appropriate for developing countries .
In this spirit , therefore , the current report includes some extremely unusual species .
Whether these will eventually prove practical for widespread use is uncertain , but we present them here for researchers and others who look forward to challenges and enjoy the satisfaction of successful pioneering .
The domestication of new poultry , as well as the management of rodents , iguanas , and small deer and antelope , should be viewed in this spirit .
Current titles in the ACTI series on managing tropical animal resources are :
PREFACE · The Water Buffalo : New Prospects for an Underutilized Animal · Little - Known Asian Animals with a Promising Economic Future · Crocodiles as a Resource for the Tropics · Butterfly Farming in Papua New Guinea . . . . x~
The production of these books has been supported largely by the Office of the Science Advisor of the U.S. Agency for International Development ( AID ) , which also made this report possible .
WARNING
If misunderstood , this book is potentially dangerous .
Because of the severity of the food crisis , the panel has selected some animal ~mainly in the rodent section that are highly adaptable and grow quickly .
These seem appropriate for raising only in areas where they already exist , which are clearly identified in those chapters .
Such potentially invasive animals should not be introduced to other environments because they could become serious pests .
In any trials , local species should always be given priority .
How to cite this report : National Research Council .
1991 .
Microlivestock : Little - Known Small Animals with a Promising Economic Future .
National Academy Press , Washington , D.C .
Contents Introduction 1 PART I MICROBREEDS 1 Microcattle 16 2 Microgoats 3 Microsheep 4 Micropigs 62 14 Part II POULTRY 72 5 Chicken 78 6 Ducks 90 7 Geese 100 8 Guinea Fowl 114 9 Muscovy 124 10 Pigeon 136 11 Quail 146 12 Turkey 156 13 Potential New Poultry 166 PART III RABBITS 178 14 Domestic Rabbit 182 PART IV RODENTS 192 15 Agouti 198 16 Capybara 17 Coypu 216 18 Giant Rat 19 Grasscutter 20 Guinea Pig 21 Hutia 250 22 Mara 256 23 Paca 262 24 Vizcacha 270 25 Other Rodents 224 232 240 PART
V DEER AND ANTELOPE 284 26 Mouse Deer 290 27 Muntjac 298 xv
XVI 28 Musk Deer 306 29 South America 's Microdeer 314 30 Water Deer 320 31 Duikers 326 32 Other Small Antelope PART VI LIZARDS 342 33 Green Iguana 346 34 Black Iguana 354 PART VII OTHERS 360 35 Bees 362 APPENDIXES
A Selected Readings B Research Contacts C 371 393 Biographical Sketches of Panel Members 427 INDEX OF SPECIES 437 336 Board on Science and Technology for International Development ( BOSTID ) 440 BOSTID Publications 441 Art Credits Page 14 46 90 114 124 156 166 206 MICROLIVESTOCK
Small Farmer 's Journal Balai Penelitian Ternak , Bogor , Indonesia Tom Phillips , The Anstendig Institute , San Francisco Brenda Spears CAB International , Wallingford , United Kingdom Drawing from Lewis Wright 's Poultry by J. Batty , reproduced by permission Nimrod Bood Services , Liss , United Kingdom Drawing by Charles W. Schwartz , reproduced by permission from Wildlife of Mexico : The Game Birds and Mammals , by A. Starker Leopold , courtesy University of California Press Small Farmer 's Journal Courtesy , Department of Library Services , American Museum of Natural History David W. Macdonald
ART CREDITS xvii 216 Charles A. Woods 232 Reproduced from The Rodents of West Africa , ~ Trustees of the British Museum ( Natural History ) .
250 Charles A. Woods 270 FAO , Santiago , Chile 290 Reprinted from Animals of Southern Asia by M. Tweedie , courtesy Paul Hamlyn Publishing , part of Reed International Book .
320 Huang Chu -Chien 346 Horacio Rivera 362 Drawing by Sarah Landry .
Reprinted by permission of Harvard University Press from The Insect Societies , by Edward O. Wilson , p. 97 .
Cambridge , Mass. : The Belknap Press of Harvard University Press , copyright ~ 1971 by the President and Fellows of Harvard College .
Drawings on pages 198 , 240 , and 256 are reproduced by permission from The Random House Encyclopedia , copyright ~ 1983 by Random House , Inc. Silhouettes on pages 284 , 297 , 313 , 319 , 334 , are reproduced from Hoofed Mammals of the World by Ugo Mochi and T. Donald Carter , reproduced with the permission of Charles Scribner 's Sons. Copyright ~ 1953 by Ugo Mochi and T. Donald Carter , copyright renewed 1981 by Edna Mochi .
All rights reserved .
The maps on pages 203 , 210 , 219 , 227 , 236 , 243 , 253 , 260 , 265 , 274 , 292 , 293 , 309 , and the drawings or pages 276 and 314 are adapted from Grcimek 's Animal Life Encyclopaedia and are reproduced by permission of Coron Verlag , Lachen am Zurichsee , Switzerland .
Drawings on pages 178 , 224 , 262 , and 306 , are reprinted by kind permission of Andromeda Oxford Ltd. and first published in the Encyclopedia of Mammals by David W. Macdonald , Facts on File ( New York ) .
Drawings on pages 326 and 336 are by Clare Abbott and are reprinted from The Mammals of the Southern African Subregion , courtesy the University of Pretoria .
Cover Design by David Bennett
1 UICROLIVESTOCK
In the developing countries , there are over 100 million farms of less than five hectares , supporting about 700 million people , who represent about 17 percent of the world population .
Even more significant is the fact that about 50 million farms have less than one hectare of land .
C. Devendra and Marcia Burns Goat Production in the Tropics
We may now be in the wind down stage of bigger is better animal selection trend and it has certain ! : been a wild ride .... the lesson now being learned is that the bigger breeding animals . . . cost more to maintain , are often slower to reproduce , and may even have a shorter lifespan .
Kelly Klober Small Farmer 's Journal I ~
Observer columnist David Mitchell ( half of the comedy team Mitchell and Webb is in fine form today with this column on the absurdity of burqa banning .
It was one of those bits of the Sunday paper that had me stopping to read a passage aloud to my wife every ten seconds or so until she snatched it out of my hands and read it herself .
Governments and legislatures should n't tell people what they can and can't wear .
By doing so , they would , in every sense , be taking a massive liberty .
As long as people are n't wearing crotchless jeans outside primary schools or deely boppers with attached sparklers on petrol station forecourts , we 've all got the right to wear exactly what the hell we like and I can barely believe that we 're having this debate .
But we are .
Stupid people are thinking about an issue that does n't need to be thought about and a YouGov survey says 67 % of us want full - face veils outlawed .
Just when I thought my estimation of humanity could n't fall any further , I discover that two - thirds of my fellow countrymen are , or at least were for the duration of taking a survey , morons .
I 'm so glad the Conservatives are committed to local referenda …
There 's altogether too much harping on respect and banning these days .
If you can't respect something , you should ban it .
If it 's not banned , you should respect it .
Bullshit .
There is a huge gulf of toleration between respect and banning .
In a free society , people should be allowed to do what they want wherever possible .
The loss of liberty incurred by any alternative principle is too high a price to pay to stop people making dicks of themselves .
But , if people are using their freedoms to make dicks of themselves , other people should be able to say so .
Redefining Physics
Dexter Wright re-defined the radiative transfer equations in his American Thinker article “ Global Warming on Trial ” with these immortal words :
Clearly , H2O absorbs more than ten times the amount of energy in the IR spectrum as does CO2 .
Furthermore , H2O is more than one hundred times more abundant in the atmosphere than CO2 .
The conclusion is that H2O is more than one thousand times as potent a greenhouse gas ( GHG ) as CO2 .
With such immutable facts facing the EPA , how will they explain their stance that CO2 is a greater danger to the public than water vapor ?
So far , neither Dexter , nor his enthusiastic supporters at American Thinker have got around to updating the now defunct Wikipedia article on the Radiative Transfer Equations which describe the “ old school ” mathematics and are slightly more complicated ..
( See also CO2 - An Insignificant Trace Gas ?
Part Three . )
But in wondering why they had n’t , it did occur to me that non-linearity is something that most people struggle with .
Or do n’t struggle with because they ’ve never heard of it .
I think that the non-linear world we live in is not really understood because of the grocery factor ..
( And it would be impolite of me to point out that Dexter did n’t know how to interpret the transmittance graphs he showed ) .
Groceries and Linearities
Dexter is in the supermarket .
His car has broken down so he walked a mile to get here .
He has collected a few groceries but his main buy is a lot of potatoes .
He has a zucchini in his hand .
He picks up a potato in the other hand and it weighs three times as much .
He needs 100 potatoes – big cooking plan ahead – clearly 100 potatoes will weigh 300 times as much as one zucchini .
Carrying them home will be impossible , unless the shopping trolley can help him negotiate the trip ..
Perhaps this is how most people are thinking of atmospheric physics .
In a book on Non-linear Differential Equations the author commented ( my memory of what he stated ) :
The term “ non-linear differential equations ” is a strange one .
In fact , books about linear differential equations should be called “ linear differential equations ” and books about everything else should just be called “ differential equations ” – after all , this subject describes almost all of the real - world problems
What is the author talking about ?
Perhaps I can dive into some simple maths to explain .
I usually try and avoid maths , knowing that it is n’t a crowd - puller .
Stay with me ..
If we had the weight of a zucchini = M z , and the weight of a potato = M p , then the weight of our shopping expedition would be :
Weight = M z x 1 + M p x 100 , or more generally
Weight = M z N z + M p N p , where N z = number of zucchinis and N p = number of potatoes .
( Maths convention is that AB means the same as AxB to make it easier to read equations )
Not so hard ?
This is a linear problem .
If you change the weight ( or number ) of potatoes the change in total is easy to calculate because we can ignore the number and weight of zucchinis to calculate the change .
Suppose instead the equation was :
Weight = ( M z N z ) N p 2 + ( M p N p ) N z 3
What happens when we halve the number of potatoes ?
It ’s much harder to work out because the term on the left depends on the number of zucchinis and the number of potatoes ( squared ) and the term on the right depends on the number of potatoes and the number of zucchinis ( cubed ) .
So the final result from a change in one variable could not be calculated without knowing the actual values of the other variables .
This is most real - world science / engineering problems in a nutshell .
When we have a linear equation – like groceries but not engineering problems – we can nicely separate it into multiple parts and consider each one in turn .
When we have a non -linear equation – real world engineering and not like groceries – we ca n’t do this .
It ’s the grocery fallacy .
Science and engineering does not usually work like groceries .
Stratospheric Water Vapor
In many blogs , the role of water vapor in the atmosphere ( usually the troposphere ) is “ promoted ” and CO2 is “ diminished ” because of the grocery effect .
Doing the radiative transfer equations in your head is pretty difficult , no one can disagree .
But that does n’t mean we can just randomly multiply two numbers together and claim the result is reality .
A recent ( 2010 ) paper , Contributions of Stratospheric Water Vapor to Decadal Changes in the Rate of Global Warming by Solomon and her co-workers has already attracted quite a bit of attention .
This is mainly because they attribute a significant proportion of late 20th century warming to increased stratospheric water vapor , and the last decade of cooling / warming / pause in warming / statistically significant “ stuff ” ( delete according to preferences as appropriate ) to reduced water vapor in the stratosphere .
( If you are new to the subject of the stratosphere , there is more about it at Stratospheric Cooling and useful background at Tropospheric Basics ) .
There is much that is interesting in this paper .
Firstly , take a look at the basic physics .
The graph on the left is the effect of 1 ppmv change in water vapor in 1 km “ layers ” at different altitudes ( from solving the radiative transfer equations ) .
Notice the very non-linear effect of “ radiative forcing ” of stratospheric water vapor vs height .
This is a tiny 1 ppmv of water vapor .
Higher up in the stratosphere , 1 ppmv change does n’t have much effect , but in the lower stratosphere it does have a significant effect .
Very non-grocery - like behavior ..
Unfortunately , historical stratospheric water vapor measurements are very limited , and prior to 1990 are limited to one site above Boulder , Colorado .
After 1990 , especially the mid-1990 ’s , much better quality satellite data is available .
Here is the Boulder data with the later satellite data for that latitude “ grafted on ” :
And the global changes from post -2000 less pre-2000 from satellite data :
It looks as though the major ( recent ) changes have occurred in the most sensitive region – the lower stratosphere .
The paper comments :
Because of a lack of global data , we have considered only the stratospheric changes , but if the drop in water vapor after 2000 were to extend downward by 1 km , Fig. 2 shows that this would significantly increase its effect on surface climate .
The calculations done by Solomon compare the increases in radiative forcing from changes in CO2 with the stratospheric water vapor changes .
Increases in CO2 have caused a radiative forcing change of :
From 1980 - 1996 , about +0.36 W/m 2
From 1996 - 2005 , about +0.26 W/m2
Changes in stratospheric water vapor have caused a radiative forcing change of :
From 1980 - 1996 , between 0 and +0.24 W/m 2
From 1996 - 2005 , about - 0.10 W/m2
The range in the 1980 - 1996 number for stratospheric water vapor reflects the lack of available data .
The upper end of the range comes from the assumption that the changes recorded at Boulder are reflected globally .
The lower end that there has been no global change .
What Causes Stratospheric Water Vapor Changes ?
There are two mechanisms :
methane oxidation
transport of water vapor across the tropopause ( i.e. , from the troposphere into the stratosphere )
Methane oxidation has a small contribution near the tropopause – the area of greatest effect – and the paper comments that studies which only consider this effect have , therefore , found a smaller radiative forcing than this new study .
Water transport across the tropopause – the coldest point in the lower atmosphere – has of course been studied but is not well - understood .
Is this All New ?
Is this effect something just discovered in 2010 ?
From Stratospheric water vapour changes as a possible contributor to observed stratospheric cooling by Forster and Shine ( 1999 ) :
This study shows how increases in stratospheric water vapour , inferred from available observations , may be capable of causing as much of the observed cooling as ozone loss does ; as the reasons for the stratospheric water vapour increase are neither fully understood nor well characterized , it shows that it remains uncertain whether the cooling of the lower stratosphere can yet be fully attributable to human influences .
In addition , the changes in stratospheric water vapour may have contributed , since 1980 , a radiative forcing which enhances that due to carbon dioxide alone by 40 % .
( Emphasis added )
From Radiative Forcing due to Trends in Stratospheric Water Vapour ( 2001 ) :
A positive trend in stratospheric H2O was first observed in radiosonde data [ Oltmans and Hofmann , 1995 ] and subsequently in Halogen Occultation Experiment ( HALOE ) data [ Nedoluha et. al. , 1998 ; Evans et. al. , 1998 ; Randel et. al. , 1999 ] .
The magnitude of the trend is such that it cannot all be accounted for by the oxidation of methane in the stratosphere which also show increasing trends due to increased emissions in the troposphere .
This leads to the hypothesis that the remaining increase in stratospheric H2O must originate from increased injection of tropospheric H2O across the tropical tropopause .
And back in 1967 , Manabe and Wetherald said :
It should be useful to evaluate the effect of the variation of stratospheric water vapor upon the thermal equilibrium of the atmosphere , with a given distribution of relative humidity ..
The larger the stratospheric mixing ratio , the warmer is the tropospheric temperature ..
The larger the water vapor mixing ratio in the stratosphere , the colder is the stratospheric temperature ..
Emphasis added – note that this paper was discussed a little in Stratospheric Cooling
Conclusion
The potential role of stratospheric water vapor on climate is not a new understanding – but finally there are some observations which can be used to calculate the effect on the radiative balance in the climate .
The paper does illustrate the non-linear effect of various climate mechanisms .
It shows that small , almost unnoticed , influencers can have a large effect on climate .
And it demonstrates that important climate mechanisms are still not understood .
The paper comments :
It is therefore not clear whether the stratospheric water vapor changes represent a feedback to global average climate change or a source of decadal variability .
Current global climate models suggest that the stratospheric water vapor feedback to global warming due to carbon dioxide increases is weak , but these models do not fully resolve the tropopause or the cold point , nor do they completely represent the QBO , deep convective transport and its linkages to SSTs , or the impact of aerosol heating on water input to the stratosphere .
This work highlights the importance of using observations to evaluate the effect of stratospheric water vapor on decadal rates of warming , and it also illuminates the need for further observations and a closer examination of the representation of stratospheric water vapor changes in climate models aimed at interpreting decadal changes and for future projections .
Given that the modeled changes add up to 70 % on top of CO2 radiative forcing in an earlier period and then reduce CO2 radiative forcing by 40 % in a later period , this is a very significant effect .
I expect that uncovering the mechanisms behind stratospheric water vapor change is an area of focus for the climate science community .
References
Contributions of Stratospheric Water Vapor to Decadal Changes in the Rate of Global Warming , by Solomon et al , Science ( 2010 )
Thermal Equilibrium of the Atmosphere with a Given Distribution of Relative Humidity , by Manabe and Wetherald , Journal of Atmospheric Sciences ( 1967 )
Stratospheric water vapour changes as a possible contributor to observed stratospheric cooling , by Forster and Shine , Geophysical Research Letters ( 1999 )
Radiative Forcing due to Trends in Stratospheric Water Vapour , Smith et al , Geophysical Research Letters ( 2001 )
This article is about the fish enemy found throughout the Mario franchise .
For the avian enemy in Super Mario Sunshine also referred to as a Cheep Cheep , see Hatopop
Cheep Cheeps ( sometimes formatted as Cheep - Cheeps or Cheep - cheeps ) are fish that made their first appearance in Super Mario Bros. in the underwater levels .
They are common recurring enemies throughout the Mario franchise .
They are found mostly in the water but they can jump out of the water as well like in Mario Super Sluggers .
There are many different species of Cheep Cheeps , and they come in different colors , including yellow and green .
The most common ones , however , are red with a white patch on their stomach , a yellow ( originally white ) tail fin , a mohawk - like dorsal fin and wing - like fins .
They also have blue eyes and pink lips .
Cheep Cheeps have fins shaped like wings and may attack above the surface of the water by jumping out in an arc .
Given this , Cheep Cheeps seem to be inspired by flying fish , hence the wing - like fins , which behave similarly .
Most Cheep Cheeps appear to be affiliated with Bowser and the Koopa Troop , while some , such as the ones seen in Super Paper Mario , are not .
In most of the games they are in , Cheep Cheeps possess a wide variety of attacks , typically regarding jumping behavior .
History [ edit ]
Super Mario series [ edit ]
Super Mario Bros. / Super Mario Bros. : The Lost Levels [ edit ]
Super Mario Bros .
A Cheep - cheep from
In Super Mario Bros. and Super Mario Bros. : The Lost Levels , Cheep - cheeps are found in the underwater levels , swimming towards the player , where they can only be defeated with a fireball , or if Mario is invincible .
They are found in all of the water levels , first appearing in World 2 - 2 in Super Mario Bros. , and can usually be seen with Bloopers .
In some levels , red Cheep - cheeps become less predictable obstacles by leaping from the bottom of the screen .
[ 1 ]
These can be defeated in a single jump , but it 's hard to do so , as they jump very high .
They often appear in pit - heavy areas , and can foul Mario 's attempts to cross should they jump directly under him .
There are two kinds of Cheep - cheeps in the game .
One of them is colored red and moves moderately fast .
The other is colored gray and moves more slowly .
The gray ones are recolored green in Super Mario All - Stars and Super Mario Bros .
Deluxe .
This is actually a holdover from the fact that the " orange and gray " palette used underwater in the original occupies the same hardware space as the " orange and green " palette used for overworld graphics , as demonstrated by World 9 of Super Mario Bros. : The Lost Levels .
Super Mario Bros. 3 [ edit ]
In Super Mario Bros.
3 , Cheep - Cheeps appear in red and green variants .
Of these two colors , only the latter ever appears in an underwater - themed level , specifically World 3 - 5 and World 6 - 9 , the latter of which doubling as a cave level .
The red ones usually swim under the water before leaping from it in order to hit Mario ; however , some constantly bounce along the surface and make an especially large leap once they approach Mario ; others jump between small portions of water , and can not be seen underwater .
Still others use the original behavior of leaping from the bottom of the screen at random , and can additionally do this over lava .
The green ones simply swim back and forth slowly in small bodies of water .
The game was also to include tan Cheep - Cheeps , which were to move even faster than green Cheep - Cheeps and appear in trios moving in a wavy pattern , but they were taken out due to unknown reasons .
In remakes , the tan ones are still present in the game 's hardware and are now colored yellow , but they remain unused .
This game also introduces infant and giant versions of Cheep - Cheep - Baby Cheep and its parent , Big Bertha , as well as the predatory Boss Bass .
Big Bertha and Boss Bass essentially act as enlarged versions of the green and red Cheep Cheeps , respectively , despite both being red themselves .
Spiny Cheep - Cheeps also debut in this game , but the NES manual simply calls them " Cheep - cheeps , " describing them as thorny .
They attack by swimming quickly from one end of the screen to the other , never turning .
In addition to the NES version 's tan / yellow Cheep - Cheeps , Super Mario Advance 4 : Super Mario Bros. 3 was also going to feature the beached Cheep Cheeps of Super Mario World in its extra levels [ 2 ] , but they were removed .
Unlike in Super Mario World , they hurt Mario if he runs into them .
Super Mario World [ edit ]
In Super Mario World , they appear as a slow - moving fish found swimming back and forth underwater , though in the Forest of Illusion , they are sometimes found in floating bubbles over land .
If Cheep Cheeps are on land flipping around , Mario or Luigi can simply touch them to defeat them .
They can also be defeated with a Cape , Yoshi , or fireballs .
In some levels , the underwater Cheep Cheeps have the ability to leap up vertically every so often .
Near the end of Awesome , they leap from the bottom of the screen endlessly like in the first game , though the relevant artworkMedia : Special World.jpg depicts the related Blurp instead .
They only appear in one color ( using the game 's yellow palette ) , with the alternate behavior of swimming forward endlessly being given to Blurp .
Unusually , they have fins on their undersides in this game .
They are one of the few enemies to not appear in the game 's ending .
Super Mario Land 2 : 6 Golden Coins [ edit ]
Super Mario Land 2 : 6 Golden Coins again features Cheep Cheeps .
Cheep Cheeps hinder Mario's progress through the Macro and Turtle Zones by swimming back and forth in the water .
Among the other fish , they are accompanied by similar - looking Blurps .
They can be destroyed by a tossed Green Shell or a fireball .
A pufferfish version of Spiny Cheep - Cheeps also make an appearance .
Super Mario 64 / Super Mario 64 DS [ edit ]
Bub model in Super Mario 64 ( left ) and a screenshot from Super Mario 64 DS ( right )
In Super Mario 64 , two Cheep Cheeps ( known here as Bubs [ 3 ] ) appear in Dire , Dire Docks .
They are colored orange in this game , have visible scales , have red fins and tail , and wear large goggles , causing them to resemble orange Blurps more than typical Cheep Cheeps .
They typically swim around aimlessly through the water , though they may slowly approach Mario .
However , if Mario touches one , he will be damaged , thus losing health .
They are also indestructible .
The Player 's Guide describes it as " one cool koi . "
In Super Mario 64 DS , they were redesigned to closer resemble the Cheep Cheeps in Super Mario Bros .'s artwork , a design which they keep in most following games .
Here , they pose even less of a threat to the heroes as they do not swim higher or lower from their starting position , though they still cause the heroes to lose health if they run into them .
Super Mario Sunshine [ edit ]
It has been suggested that this article be split into the following : Cheep Cheep , Tobi Fish . ( discuss )
Super Mario Sunshine A scarlet Cheep - Cheep in
There are three varieties of Cheep - Cheeps in Super Mario Sunshine .
A scarlet variety is found in Ricco Harbor , Noki Bay , and sometimes during the King Boo fight in Sirena Beach ; a fiery , maroon variant lives in the lava in Corona Mountain ; and a pink variety ( also known as Tobi Fish [ 4 ] or Toki Fish [ 5 ] ) can be found in Gelato Beach , Noki Bay and Delfino Airstrip .
The BradyGames guide refers to both the scarlet and pink varieties as Tobi Fish . [ 6 ]
The scarlet and charred varieties make leaps of various heights and can be defeated by either a jump or with F.L.U.D.D. , and can also turned into platforms by Yoshi 's juice .
However , they will keep respawning .
If King Boo spins three question marks on the slot machine during his battle , he may spit out two Cheep - Cheeps , but they will flop about upside down .
The pink ones will actively hunt Mario down , and , if he gets too close , they will catch Mario in their mouths and drag him down into the water ; however , they do not pose any other threat .
These Cheep - Cheeps are invincible to all of Mario 's attacks , and it is unknown if Yoshi can defeat them since they are found in deep waters that Mario typically cannot reach with Yoshi .
They have blue fins on their tails and back in this game , as well as blue spots on their undersides and a slightly flatter body shape .
New Super Mario Bros. [ edit ]
In New Super Mario Bros. , Cheep - Cheeps behave the same way as in other platformers and have a larger version .
However , two types are introduced : the Deep - Cheep and Spike Bass .
Deep - Cheeps and returning Cheep - Chomps chase Mario when they appear on - screen .
Deep - Cheeps cannot turn around , but Cheep - Chomps can .
The Deep - Cheep also has a larger version .
The Spike Bass acts similar to the Boss Bass , except that it uses its spines to attack , damaging Mario , instead of eating him , costing a life .
In World 2 - 4 , a Cheep - Cheep with a different behavior appears in a bonus area .
It swims in a wavy line and trails six coins behind it .
The artwork for the game depicts Cheep - Cheeps as having light pink lips , which is how they appear in most following titles .
In - game , however , their lips are a deep orange .
Super Mario Galaxy [ edit ]
Super Mario Galaxy Artwork of a Cheep Cheep in
Cheep Cheeps reappear in Super Mario Galaxy .
They only appear in the Deep Dark Galaxy , in the second and third missions .
In the second mission , they appear on a small planet , half of which is covered in a thin layer of water , and bounce up and down around the planet while flipping .
They can be defeated either with a spin or by jumping on them .
One appears underwater in the third mission , which can only be beaten with a spin or Koopa Shell .
They are also seen in the epilogue , jumping out of the water near Peach 's Castle .
New Super Mario Bros .
Wii [ edit ]
New Super Mario Bros .
Wii A Cheep Cheep school , in
Cheep Cheeps also reappear in the game New Super Mario Bros.
Wii .
In this game , there are three colors of Cheep Cheep : red , green , and golden .
Spiny Cheep Cheeps also make an appearance .
The red Cheep Cheeps behave just like they do in the original New Super Mario Bros ..
The yellow colored Cheep Cheeps , Eep Cheeps , are always found in schools .
They will also swim away from players whenever they get close , the complete opposite of the Deep - Cheep 's behavior .
The Eep Cheeps seem to resemble the unused tan Cheep - Cheeps of Super Mario Bros .
3 .
Super Mario Galaxy 2 [ edit ]
Cheep Cheeps reappear in Super Mario Galaxy 2 , but are much more common than in its predecessor .
They appear in water - themed galaxies such as Cosmic Cove Galaxy and Starshine Beach Galaxy , but they do n't hop on land .
They are now found swimming near the surface and can be defeated by a spin , jump , or by Yoshi 's tongue .
They can not be stunned with a Star Bit .
A few are swimming in vertical loops in a side - scrolling portion of Bowser 's Gravity Gauntlet as well .
Super Mario 3D Land [ edit ]
Super Mario 3D Land Mario encountering Cheep Cheeps underwater in
Cheep Cheeps reappear in Super Mario 3D
Land as underwater enemies in some of the levels , including some of World 3 .
They can also jump out of water .
This time , stomping on a Cheep Cheep underwater wo n't harm Mario .
Additionally , they can be flattened by using Ground Pound whilst underwater .
They can also be defeated by fireballs , tail whips , boomerang hits , and turning into Statue Mario above them .
They first appear in World 1 - 1 where they will attempt to hit Mario by jumping out of the water .
New Super Mario Bros. 2 [ edit ]
Cheep Cheeps reappear in New Super Mario Bros. 2 , where they jump out of water trying to harm Mario or Luigi .
After the Mario Brothers touch a Gold Ring , Cheep Cheeps ( among other enemies ) will turn golden .
In this state , they are followed by a row of five coins .
There are also some that swim in a circle similar to the Circling Boo Buddies .
New Super Mario Bros. U / New Super Luigi U / New Super Mario Bros. U Deluxe [ edit ]
New Super Mario Bros. U Jumping Cheep Cheeps in
Cheep Cheeps reappear in New Super Mario Bros .
U. They behave exactly like in past titles .
Jumping Cheep Cheeps also appear , as well as the Eep Cheeps .
There is also a new type of Cheep Cheep , known as the Mecha Cheep , that appears in underwater airships .
They seem to be mechanical , and they use propellers on their fins to move forward .
Super Mario 3D
World [ edit ]
Super Mario 3D World Cheep Cheeps in
Cheep Cheeps appear in Super Mario 3D
World , but only in the first half of Pipeline Lagoon .
They behave exactly the same as in past 3D platformers .
Super Mario Maker / Super Mario Maker for Nintendo 3DS / Super Mario Maker 2 [ edit ]
Cheep Cheeps reappear in Super Mario Maker , Super Mario Maker for Nintendo 3DS and Super Mario Maker 2 as enemies , and can be placed above or underwater .
They function the same as previous games , except for not flipping around in the New Super Mario Bros .
U game style when the vocals occur .
In the Course Maker , they start out as their green variant , go in a straight line and never stop , while they can be shaken to be turned into their red variant which goes back and forth in a straight line if they are underwater , or chase Mario if they are above water .
They can be enlarged by a Super Mushroom and given wings , which the latter makes them fly in the air after they jump out of water or swim in a wave pattern when underwater .
They can be placed in Bill Blasters , Warp Pipes , and Blocks .
If placed in lava in the castle theme or poison in the Night mode of forest theme , Cheep Cheeps become engulfed in flames or poisons , respectively .
While retaining their attack pattern , Cheep Cheeps become immune to stomps and fireballs in lava .
If they are placed in poison , however , they are only immune to stomps .
When placed in a pipe , green ones will come out endlessly , though red ones will only come out three times until one is defeated .
Super Mario Odyssey [ edit ]
Mario , after capturing a Cheep Cheep
Cheep Cheeps ( parsed as " CheepCheeps " on the promotional world map ) appear in Super Mario Odyssey , where they are found in the Lake Kingdom and the Seaside Kingdom .
They behave in the same way they usually do in their previous 3D appearances , swimming back and forth in a predictable pattern , although this time , they can be captured by Mario , which allows him to swim quicker and breathe underwater .
While captured , the player can also make the Cheep Cheep perform a spin attack by shaking the Joy - Cons or Pro Controller .
Captured Cheep Cheeps also produce a beam of light in the direction they are facing , similar to the shells from the Super Mario Galaxy games .
The volleyball in the Beach Volleyball minigame in the Seaside Kingdom is designed after a Cheep Cheep .
A purple Cheep Cheep variety appears in the Snow Kingdom .
Besides the coloring , the only difference between the two are that the Snow Kingdom variants are resistant to the extremely cold temperatures in the water .
Super Mario Bros. : Peach - hime Kyushutsu Dai Sakusen ! [ edit ]
In Super Mario Bros. : Peach - hime Kyushutsu Dai Sakusen ! , several Cheep - cheeps appear flying out of Mario 's television when he is playing Family Computer at the beginning of the film .
Later , mega - sized Cheep - cheeps make an appearance , shown ballooning and bursting into many smaller versions of themselves .
The Super Mario Bros. Super Show ! [ edit ]
In The Super Mario Bros. Super Show ! , Trouters ( a different kind of fish from Super Mario Bros. 2 ) appear and behave more like Cheep Cheeps , as they jump out of water and actively pursue the heroes , and are likely a combination of the two enemies .
Super Mario World : Mario to Yoshi no Bōken Land [ edit ]
Super Mario World : Mario to Yoshi no Bōken Land .
A Cheep Cheep in a question in
In Super Mario World : Mario to Yoshi no Bōken Land , a Cheep Cheep is one of the incorrect choices in a question .
It does not appear anywhere else in the video .
As Luigi and Toad are exploring Water Land in Leaping Lizards , some Cheep Cheeps jump from the water to try to attack them , but most are avoided ; some of the fish also appear three weeks later among the crowds at the International Mushroom Games .
This book also describes Cheep Cheeps as having crab - like claws when one pinches Toad .
In Pipe Down ! , Ludwig von Koopa will sic some Cheep Cheeps on the Mario Bros .
if they attempt to attack him directly during one portion of the book , and some will attack Mario along with some other monsters if he pulls the wrong knob on Ludwig 's giant pipe organ .
If Mario , Luigi , Toad , and the Mushroom King are run down by a group of Dino Rhinos in Flown the Koopa , they will lose their tickets to the International Dino - Flying Derby , which will end up being blown into a tree inhabited by Cheep Cheeps by a gust of wind .
If Mario is chosen to get the tickets back , he will succeed , stomping the irritated Cheep Cheep he takes them from .
If Luigi tries to get the tickets instead , a Cheep Cheep will bite him and cause him to fall out of the tree and into a patch of Munchers , causing a Game Over .
Mario Kart series [ edit ]
Super Mario Kart [ edit ]
Cheep Cheeps are fairly common obstacles in Mario Kart series .
They also have a few courses named after them .
In Super Mario Kart , Flopping Cheep Cheeps [ 7 ] are obstacles in Koopa Beach 1 and Koopa Beach 2 that spin out the player if the player collides with one .
A Cheep Cheep balloon holds the trophy during the award ceremony .
Mario Kart 64 [ edit ]
In Mario Kart 64 , the Cheep Cheep balloon from the awards ceremony returns .
A giant Cheep Cheep appears in Banshee Boardwalk , though it is not an obstacle .
Mario Kart : Super Circuit [ edit ]
In Mario Kart : Super Circuit , there is a course named Cheep - Cheep Island .
Larger Cheep - Cheeps can be seen jumping in the background here .
Additionally , a large , but not gigantic Cheep - Cheep leaps over the winner stands in the game 's awards ceremony , similar to the balloon from previous games .
The Cheep - Cheeps in Koopa Beach 1 and Koopa Beach 2 , however , are absent .
The Cheep - Cheeps in this game use the Yoshi's Story design .
Mario Kart : Double Dash !! [ edit ]
In Mario Kart : Double Dash !! , the Lakitu at the game 's start - up can sometimes pull up a Cheep Cheep or a Big Cheep Cheep rather than the stoplight .
This Cheep Cheep uses the Mario Party 4 design .
Mario Kart Arcade GP / Mario Kart Arcade GP 2 [ edit ]
In Mario Kart Arcade GP and Mario Kart Arcade GP 2 , Cheep Cheeps [ 8 ] resembling their Super Mario Sunshine design can be seen leaping over a specific corner of the track at Mario Beach , not accessible from Mario Highway .
They are depicted as leaping in a very tall and wide arc , and , much like the one in Banshee Boardwalk , cannot hit the racers .
Mario Kart DS [ edit ]
In Mario Kart DS , Cheep Cheeps again have a course named after them , called Cheep Cheep Beach .
Koopa Beach 2 additionally returns , and the Cheep Cheeps reappear as hazards .
Banshee Boardwalk also returns , but the giant Cheep Cheep is replaced with a Bubba .
In mission 1 - 4 , Wario must defeat five Cheep Cheeps with a Star .
This is the first Mario Kart game to use the current design of Cheep Cheeps .
Mario Kart Wii [ edit ]
Cheep Cheeps make minor appearances in Mario Kart Wii .
In Koopa Cape , when the player enters the underwater tunnel , Cheep Cheeps are seen in the background .
Also , the Cheep Charger is a Kart that resembles Cheep Cheeps for light - weighted characters .
Mario Kart 7 [ edit ]
In Mario Kart 7 , Cheep Cheeps once again appear on the returning course Koopa Cape .
They are minor obstacles in Cheep Cheep Lagoon and Daisy Cruiser , which can push players , but generally swim above them .
Mario Kart Arcade GP DX [ edit ]
In Mario Kart Arcade GP DX , a few Cheep Cheeps appear in a few places in Tropical Coast , a retool on the previous Mario Beach .
The specific corner they were found at in Mario Beach has been repurposed to be an underwater tunnel .
However , more typically - designed Cheep Cheeps can be seen making the same type of leap closer to the starting line , and occasionally flopping on the sidelines .
A few can also be seen swimming from later parts of the underwater tunnel .
Mario Kart 8 / Mario Kart 8 Deluxe [ edit ]
Cheep Cheeps return in Mario Kart 8 and Mario Kart 8 Deluxe , in the retro track DS Cheep Cheep Beach and again serve as obstacles .
Additionally , two golden Cheep Cheep statues are above the start / finish line in Dragon Driftway .
Mario Kart Tour [ edit ]
Cheep Cheeps return again in Mario Kart Tour as underwater obstacles , appearing in Cheep Cheep Lagoon .
Yoshi franchise [ edit ]
It has been suggested that Piscatory Pete be merged with this section .
( discuss )
Yoshi [ edit ]
Cheep Cheeps will show up in Yoshi in the A - type mode if the player has hatched a certain number of eggs ( 60 - 69 on NES and 70 and above on Game Boy ) before getting a Game Over .
If the player fails to make a Yoshi appear in the bonus game , a Cheep Cheep will be in its place .
Super Mario World 2 : Yoshi's Island / Yoshi's Island : Super Mario Advance 3 [ edit ]
Cheep Cheeps appear in several Yoshi games , starting with Super Mario World 2 : Yoshi's Island , where they are instead referred to as Flopsy Fish by the guide . [ 9 ]
These Cheep Cheeps have wider mouths and smaller , closer together eyes than most depictions , and also have yellow pectoral fins .
They typically attack by swimming around atop the surface of water , with some occasionally leaping straight up into the air , or in an arc while holding their toothy mouths open .
Yet another variety endlessly jumps in an arc without ever swimming back and forth .
They can not be turned into eggs if eaten .
A Cheep Cheep also appears as the map icon for the level " Lake Shore Paradise , " which features Cheep Cheeps of all behaviors .
Piscatory Petes are referred to as underwater Cheep Cheeps by their Japanese name .
Tetris Attack [ edit ]
A Cheep Cheep make a small appearance in Tetris Attack , where it is paired with Lunge Fish .
Yoshi's Story [ edit ]
Cheep Cheeps [ 10 ] [ 11 ] ( also called simply fish [ 12 ] [ 13 ] ) appear in underwater areas of Yoshi's Story , namely 5 - 2 : Lots O'Fish , 5 - 3 : Lots O'Jelly Fish , and the lake in 4 - 4 : Neuron Jungle .
Here , they have visible eyelids , higher - set eyes , and orange lips that are separate all the way to the mouth corners .
Their fins are also different from normal , with their pectoral fins being small , circular , and yellow , and their tailfins being split into two lobes instead of the usual three .
Their movement consists of either moving back and forth within a small area or swimming forwards in a relatively straight line .
The Spiny Fish appears and uses the former , while two large versions of Boss Bass ( now called " Blurps " ) appear , coming in red and blue .
Yoshi Touch & Go [ edit ]
In Yoshi Touch & Go , Cheep Cheeps appear with their swimming - and - leaping - upwards behavior from Super Mario World 2 : Yoshi's Island , alongside the Spiny Cheep - Cheep , which constantly jumps upwards .
Yoshi's Island DS [ edit ]
In Yoshi's Island DS , Cheep Cheeps ( again known as Flopsy Fish [ 14 ] ) appear much the same as they do in Super Mario World 2 : Yoshi's Island , though their lips and pectoral fins are colored normally .
Piscatory Petes and Cheep - Chomps ( known as Boss Bass ) return , the latter of which have a boss version known as Bessie Bass .
Yoshi's New Island [ edit ]
In Yoshi's New Island , Cheep Cheeps appear closer to the depiction within the Mario games , but still have slightly wider mouths .
They only appear underwater in Submarine Yoshi areas , where they simply swim forwards in a straight line .
Green Cheep Cheeps also appear , and swim in a wavy pattern . [ 15 ]
The game 's files indicate the green ones are based on Deep Cheeps .
Yoshi's Woolly World / Poochy & Yoshi's Woolly World [ edit ]
Yoshi's Woolly World A Cheep Cheep from
In Yoshi's Woolly World and Poochy & Yoshi's Woolly World , Cheep Cheeps appear with a knitted appearance befitting the game 's aesthetic .
Their eyes are thinner and closer together than normal once again , and their mouths are as wide as they were in Super Mario World 2 : Yoshi's Island .
They appear during Mermaid Yoshi segments , and can swim in a variety of ways , including straight forwards and circling , akin to Circling Boo Buddies .
Yoshi's Crafted World [ edit ]
Cheep Cheeps reappear in Yoshi's Crafted World .
Super Mario RPG : Legend of the Seven Stars [ edit ]
Cheep Cheeps appear in Super Mario RPG : Legend of the Seven Stars .
Though they kept their standard name in Japan , translator Ted Woolsey gave them the name Goby in his English localization .
Gobies roam the waterways of Kero Sewers , battling intruders who invade their territory .
In battle , a Goby will lower its head and ram into its enemy .
They have no special attacks , and they are weak against lightning - based magic attacks .
The water of Kero Sewers can be drained .
Without water , Gobies flop around erratically on the dry ground ; however , when engaged , they will use their fins as wings , allowing them to fly for short periods of time .
While flying , Gobies attack in the same way as they do when swimming .
Gobies also have green - skinned relatives called Mr. Kippers .
In Bowser 's Keep , a Goby named Kipp makes a small appearance as part of one of Dr. Topper 's puzzles , where he had apparently competed in a triathlon .
Paper Mario series [ edit ]
In the Paper Mario series , Cheep Cheeps are portrayed as sentient and can travel on land .
As indicated in Paper Mario : The Thousand - Year Door , many even have jobs , such as blimp conductor and chef .
The most significant of these land - dwelling fish is Sushie , a female Cheep Cheep who is among Mario 's many partners in Paper Mario .
Super Paper Mario [ edit ]
Though they are allies in the first two games , Cheep Cheeps also appear as enemies in Super Paper Mario , with red ones appearing in Gloam Valley and green ones in The Tile Pool .
Both of them simply swim back and forth between walls , though the red ones do so along the surface of the water while the green ones do so under the water .
A Shayde from The Underwhere told another of his species about how he lost his game and mentioned that he swam like a Cheep Cheep and lost by being eaten by a Boss Bass .
Paper Mario : Sticker Star [ edit ]
Cheep Cheeps return as enemies in Paper Mario : Sticker Star .
In this game , they are only red , unlike in Super Paper Mario where they were also green .
Cheep Cheeps only appear in Whitecap Beach , where they jump out of the water , or poison if Gooper Blooper has not been defeated .
In this game , Cheep Cheeps can be found in poison , just like Snifits .
They have the same HP as Spinies do and can be defeated without battling them .
However , they respawn no matter what .
In battle , they can either slam into Mario or shoot a jet of water .
Failure to block this attack has around a 75 % chance that could give Mario the Soggy status effect .
A Big Cheep Cheep also serves as a mini-boss and is fought in Surfshine Harbor .
Paper Mario : Color Splash [ edit ]
Cheep Cheeps return in Paper Mario : Color Splash .
They have the same appearance and behavior as they do in Paper Mario : Sticker Star , albeit with the paper outline from Mario & Luigi : Paper Jam .
They appear in Bloo Bay Beach , where they jump out of the water at Mario .
Small Cheep Cheeps appear in the Sacred Forest .
Paper Mario : The Origami King [ edit ]
An origami Cheep Cheep
Cheep Cheeps return in Paper Mario : The Origami King .
They , like many of the Koopa Troop , are converted into Folded Soldiers by King Olly , while regular Cheep Cheeps can be fished up by Mario .
Cheep Cheeps are also seen swimming around at Shogun Studios , outside the entrance to Big Sho ' Theater , as well as The Great Sea .
Mario Golf series [ edit ]
In Mario Golf : Toadstool Tour , Cheep Cheeps have a course named after them , Cheep Cheep Falls .
Cheep Cheeps make a physical appearance in Mario Golf : World Tour , swimming around the Cheep Cheep Lagoon course .
Mario & Luigi series [ edit ]
Mario & Luigi : Superstar Saga / Mario & Luigi : Superstar Saga +
Bowser 's Minions [ edit ]
In Mario & Luigi : Superstar Saga , Cheep Cheeps appear as enemies at the Oho Ocean Seabed .
They are colored purple instead of red .
In the overworld , they dive into Mario and Luigi in an attempt to start a battle with them .
In battle , they can be aided by Starkisses , Malibuts and Mecha - Bloopers , and if the player jumps on them , they turn into Puffer - Cheeps , puffed - up Cheep Cheeps covered in spines .
In Mario & Luigi : Superstar Saga +
Bowser 's Minions , Cheep Cheeps and their transformation are replaced by Spiny Cheep Cheeps , which now resemble them in their default form .
A movie poster featuring a Cheep Cheep can be found in Yoshi Theater .
Mario & Luigi : Bowser 's Inside Story [ edit ]
Cheep Cheeps reappear in Mario & Luigi : Bowser 's Inside Story during the battle with Junker as one thing that can come out of a Junker Can while Junker is emptying it .
If a Cheep Cheep comes out , it will jump over a bro who must remain idle otherwise he will take damage .
There are also enemies called Air Cheeps that appear in the Airway of Bowser 's body .
Mario & Luigi : Paper Jam [ edit ]
Cheep Cheeps reappear in Mario & Luigi : Paper Jam as enemies , but this time , instead of blue , they appear in their normal red appearance as seen in various Mario games .
In battle , they sometimes fight alongside Urchins .
Hammer attacks do not affect them , as they float above the ground .
Cheep Cheeps can attack by jumping into or over the Mario Bros .
They can also attack by spitting water , which can be countered with a hammer .
If they hit Paper Mario with their water attack , he will become Creased and will be unable to use or make copies of himself .
If a battle is started with a Cheep Cheep as it is heading back to the water , the Cheep Cheeps will be tired and unable to float , allowing hammer attacks to be used .
While they are tired , they will occasionally flee from battle .
Their paper counterparts do not appear in the game .
Mario & Luigi : Bowser 's Inside Story + Bowser Jr.'s Journey [ edit ]
In Mario & Luigi : Bowser 's Inside Story + Bowser Jr.'s Journey , Poison Mushrooms replace Cheep Cheeps during Junker 's battle .
However , Cheep Cheeps appear in the Bowser Jr.'s Journey mode as flying enemies , and their Special Skill is Super Stomp .
They only appear in levels in Plack Beach .
At the start of rounds involving them , they are not initially seen with the rest of the squad , rather they jump out of the water to their positions as soon as the battle starts .
Cheep Cheeps are one of two standard Mario franchise enemies that cannot be recruited as allies , the other being Urchins due to being unable to travel on land .
Mario Party series [ edit ]
Mario Party [ edit ]
Mario Party Bubba in
In Mario Party , stepping on a Happening Space in Yoshi's Tropical Island results in a rather large Cheep Cheep [ 16 ] taking Toad in its mouth and switching his position with Bowser .
It was renamed " Bubba " in the English release .
Mario Party 2 [ edit ]
Large Cheep - cheeps appear in Mario Party 2 , in the minigame Abandon Ship , dragging down players that are too slow .
They more closely resemble their appearance in Super Mario 64 .
Mario Party 3 [ edit ]
A single large Cheep Cheep appears in Mario Party 3 , in the minigame Cheep Cheep Chase .
They look the same as in their previous appearance .
Here , it chases players while players dive to avoid mines .
Players that are too slow are eaten by the Cheep Cheep .
Mario Party 4 [ edit ]
In Mario Party 4 , a single red Cheep Cheep appears in the minigame Fish n' Drips .
Here , the Fishin ' Lakitu drops it in the winning group 's jar , which is also shaped like a Cheep Cheep .
In the 2 vs. 2 minigame Cheep Cheep Sweep , players catch Cheep Cheeps and release them into a small pool to gain points .
In this game , they are redesigned to resemble a slight combination of their Super Mario Bros.
3 and Super Mario World sprites , a design which they typically follow until Super Mario 64 DS .
Mario Party 5 [ edit ]
The Mario Party 5 minigame Fish Sticks features players trying various fishing lines to score Cheep Cheeps .
In Fish Upon a Star , Cheep Cheeps of various sizes leap and crash into the star - shaped landmass , causing parts to fall .
Players must avoid these Cheep Cheeps and falling .
Players in the 2 vs. 2 minigame , Submarathon , cooperate on getting their Cheep Cheep submarine to the finish line .
Mario Party 6 [ edit ]
In Mario Party 6 , Cheep Cheeps are one of the possible images in Slot Trot .
Mario Party Advance [ edit ]
In Mario Party Advance , there are two Cheep Cheeps that appear in Shroom City .
One of them is golden , and is a swim coach ; the other is the normal red color and is the swim student .
Generic Cheep Cheeps also appear in Reel Cheep , in which the player must catch a substantially heavy Cheep Cheep
Mario Party 7 [ edit ]
In Mario Party 7 , Cheep Cheeps appear in many minigames , including Fish & Cheeps , Bridge Work , and Be My Chum ! , all serving as obstacles that knock out players if they touch them .
There is also a Cheep Cheep in the Grand Canal that will squirt a player who lands on its Happening Space ( which is in front of what looks like the Leaning Tower of Pisa ) back to the start .
Mario Party 8 [ edit ]
Cheep Cheeps make two cameo appearances in Mario Party 8 .
One is in the minigame Rowed to Victory .
They appear in the background watching the players row their boat .
After that , they assist a Big Cheep Cheep in chasing the losers .
Also they appear as one of the pictures in Picture Perfect .
Mario Party DS [ edit ]
In the Mario Party DS minigame Cheep Chump , the player must avoid getting caught in whirlpools Cheep Cheeps create .
There is another minigame called Cheep Cheep Chance , where the player must choose the rope with the Cheep Cheep on it .
Mario Party 9 [ edit ]
In Mario Party 9 , a giant Cheep Cheep is one of the bosses that appear in the game .
It is the mini-boss of Blooper Beach .
The Cheep Cheep is faced in the minigame Cheep Cheep Shot , in which the players must attack the Cheep Cheep by tossing shells at it while avoiding its attacks , which are charging directly at a player , or by diving at the players from the air .
Cheep Cheeps also make minor appearances in the game .
In the minigame Pianta Pool , Cheep Cheeps appear to leap through the rings the players grab .
Three leap through a pink ring , while five leap through the golden ring .
Additionally , in the minigame Pier Pressure , players attempt to grab the lines that have Cheep Cheeps on the end .
Players are allowed to continue competing as long as they fish up a Cheep Cheep .
A Cheep Cheep is also on one of the puzzles to be solved in the minigame Jigsaw Jumble .
Additionally , Deep Cheeps from New Super Mario Bros .
Wii can be seen jumping over the water in Blooper Beach .
Mario Party : Island Tour [ edit ]
Cheep Cheeps return in Mario Party : Island
Tour where they appear as tiles in Match Faker and Tap Dash .
Mario Party 10 [ edit ]
Cheep Cheeps appear in Mario Party 10 in various minigames that usually portray them in large shoals .
In the minigame Cheep Cheep Leap , many of them , together with Gold Cheep Cheeps and Big Cheep Cheeps , must be hit by the then - invincible players for points .
Also , in the minigame Meanie Match , a Cheep Cheep stands along many enemies that are present on the circular arrangement of pictures .
Cheep Cheeps represent the main feature of Cheep Cheep Check , a minigame where three players try to count the number of Cheep Cheeps in an aquarium while the single player moves the Cheep Cheeps and triggers Clampies to spray bubbles at them , in order to confuse the other three players .
Aside from these , in Cheep Chomp 's boss battle , some Cheep Cheep sentries swim around Cheep Chomp in his maddened phase ; they help deflect Koopa Shells shot by the characters .
Mario Party : Star Rush [ edit ]
Cheep Cheeps reappear in Mario Party : Star Rush in the minigame Cheep Cheep Reach , alongside Gold Cheep Cheeps .
Super Mario Party [ edit ]
Cheep Cheeps also reappear in Super Mario Party as non-playable characters .
They appear in the minigame Net Worth , where regular Cheep Cheeps are worth one point to catch , and Gold Cheep Cheeps are worth three points .
A Cheep Cheep also appears in the minigame Rattle and Hmmm , alongside a Blooper and a Porcupuffer .
Cheep Cheeps additionally appear as obstacles in the River Survival mode .
In WarioWare : Touched ! , in the microgame Clawing for More , Cheep Cheeps from Super Mario Bros .
3 are among the random sprites that can be released from the ball after it is broken open .
Mario Hoops 3 - on - 3 [ edit ]
Cheep Cheeps appear in Peach Field in Mario Hoops 3 - on - 3 . They bounce around and can be touched for an extra coin .
Super Princess Peach [ edit ]
Cheep Cheeps appear in Super Princess Peach , where they act similar to the Flopsy Fish in Super Mario World 2 : Yoshi's Island and Yoshi's Island DS .
They can be defeated simply by jumping on them .
A species under the spell of the Vibe Scepter is the Sad Cheep Cheeps .
Mario Super Sluggers [ edit ]
They also appear in Mario Super Sluggers at Daisy Cruiser , jumping around on the deck at night .
Gooper Blooper appears with the Cheep Cheeps .
Captain Toad : Treasure Tracker [ edit ]
Cheep Cheeps appear in Captain Toad : Treasure Tracker as rare enemies , only found in two stages , where they swim back and forth on the ocean floor .
Because Captain Toad and Toadette can't carry Turnips to the ocean floor , the only way to defeat them is by landing on their head , using an Invincibility Mushroom , or using the 2 Player Co-op mode functionality on Nintendo Switch .
If a single Cheep Cheep from a group of them is stunned with the pointer / touch screen , all Cheep Cheeps in that group will stop in place .
Mario + Rabbids Kingdom Battle [ edit ]
In Mario + Rabbids Kingdom Battle , a picture of a Cheep Cheep can be seen on a box featuring a Rabbid capturing a Blooper in a net at the beginning of the level Call of Sherbet Mountain .
Dr. Mario World [ edit ]
Cheep Cheeps debut in the Dr. Mario series as assistants in Dr. Mario World .
In stage mode , they grant a chance that one virus is eliminated when starting a stage .
In versus mode , they make the player 's attack meter fill faster .
Appearances in non-Mario media [ edit ]
AR Games [ edit ]
A Cheep Cheep in the AR Fishing game
In the Nintendo 3DS application AR Games , Cheep Cheeps can be caught in the Fishing minigame if the Question Block AR Card is placed on a red surface .
The Legend of Zelda series [ edit ]
The Legend of Zelda : Link 's Awakening 's remake Cheep Cheeps in 's remake
ZeldaWiki article : Cheep Cheep
Cheep Cheeps , along with Podoboos , Goombas , Spinies , Chain Chomps , Pokeys , Thwimps , Thwomps , Bloopers , Shy Guys , and Piranha Plants , appear in The Legend of Zelda : Link 's Awakening .
The Legend of Zelda : Oracle of Seasons has Thwimps and Pokeys and shares Thwomps , Podoboos , and Cheep Cheeps along with its sister game , The Legend of Zelda : Oracle : of Ages .
In the Nintendo Switch remake of Link 's Awakening , Cheep Cheeps can be caught in the Fishing Hole , and a figure of one can be won in the Trendy Game after the player clears the Angler 's Tunnel and placed in Ulrira 's house .
The text that appears upon acquiring the figure reads , " You got a Cheep Cheep figure !
Disclaimer : cannot actually fly . "
Lego City Undercover [ edit ]
Lego City Undercover A Cheep Cheep in
Cheep Cheeps also make a cameo in the Wii U and Nintendo Switch versions of Lego City Undercover , in which they occasionally appear if the player goes fishing , and also appear in the aquarium under Crescent Park .
Minecraft [ edit ]
In the Super Mario Mash - Up Pack in Minecraft , Raw Salmon is replaced by Cheep Cheeps .
Animal Crossing : Pocket Camp [ edit ]
Cheep Cheeps alongside Bloopers , Eep Cheeps , and Cheep Chomps were among the fish that could be caught in the Fishing Tourney # 12 for Animal Crossing : Pocket Camp on March 14 , 2019 , as part of the Super Mario crossover event for Mario Day .
A Cheep Cheep balloon attached to a Brick Block could also be obtained as special furniture after reaching the 300 , 400 , 500 , or 650 cm milestone .
General information [ edit ]
Language [ edit ]
According to Paper Mario : The Thousand Year Door , Cheep Cheeps have their own language , which is also called " Cheep Cheep " .
This language is presumably spoken only by Cheep Cheeps and it is only partly heard through the character Chef Shimi ( who often mixes words , such as " saved " and " shaved " , up due to his unique language knowledge ) .
However , in Paper Mario , the letter Sashimie wrote to Sushie is written in Mario 's language .
Gender [ edit ]
In the Super Mario Bros. instruction booklet , Cheep Cheeps are explicitly referred to as female .
This makes them the first generic Mario enemy to be entirely female .
However , this has changed since the Paper Mario series , in which both male and female members of the Cheep Cheep species have appeared .
The Cheep Cheep boss of Mario Party 9 is also referred to as male in the minigame description .
Profiles and statistics [ edit ]
New Super Mario Bros .
Wii [ edit ]
Trading Card description : " Just when you thought it was safe to go in the water , here come the Cheep Cheeps !
These enemy fish can be found swimming in the underwater levels , sometimes in big schools .
The most common Cheep Cheep is red with a white patch on its stomach .
Your best bet is using fireballs or ice balls to eliminate these fishy foes . "
Card Number : 22
Super Mario RPG : Legend of the Seven Stars [ edit ]
Super Mario RPG : Legend of the Seven Stars Enemy Goby HP 40 FP 100 Speed 12 Yoshi Cookie Mushroom Attack 22 Magic Attack 2 Location(s ) Kero Sewers Bonus Flower Once Again ! ( 10 % ) Defense 14 Magic Defense 10 Weak Thunder Items Mushroom ( 5 % ) Evade 20 % Magic Evade 0 % Strong None Morph Rate 100 % Coins 2 Exp. points 3 Spells None Sp. Attacks None Psychopath " Blub blub blub ... "
Mario & Luigi series [ edit ]
Mario & Luigi : Superstar Saga [ edit ]
Mario & Luigi : Superstar Saga Enemy Cheep Cheep HP 40 POW 72 Defense 50 Speed 60 Experience 60 Fire Normal Thunder Critical Jump Normal Hammer Normal Coins 15 ( 6 ) Stat Down ?
100 % Stun ? 30 % Burn ?
30 % Hand Normal Item Drop None – 0 % ( Refreshing Herb - 19.35 %)
None – 0 % ( Refreshing Herb - 22.58 % ) Level 25 ( 22 ) Location(s ) Oho Ocean Seabed , Gwarhar Lagoon Notice Stats in parentheses are from the Japanese version ( if they differ from the original American and European stats ) .
Stats in gray are only found in the game 's coding and are not available during " normal " gameplay .
Mario & Luigi : Paper Jam [ edit ]
Mario & Luigi : Paper Jam Enemy Cheep Cheep ( 2 ) HP 131 POW 99 ( 86 ) Defense 107 ( 95 ) Type Flying Item Drop Ultra Mushroom - 5 %
Shocking Hammer - 2 % Experience 86 ( 81 ) Coins 50 Speed 79 Weakness None Location(s ) Twinsy Tropics Level 20 Notice : Stats in parentheses are from the game 's Easy Mode .
Mario & Luigi : Bowser 's Inside Story + Bowser Jr.'s Journey [ edit ]
Bowser Jr.'s Journey profile :
They specialty is using their jumping skills to attack .
They wo n't join your side ... mostly because they can't leave the water .
Paper Mario series [ edit ]
Super Paper Mario [ edit ]
Paper Mario : Sticker Star [ edit ]
Paper Mario : Sticker Star Enemy Cheep Cheep Max HP 8 Location(s ) Whitecap Beach Attack 3 Moves Slam ( 3 ) , Water Spray ( 4 , Soggy ) Defense 0 Stickers Hammer
Paper Mario : Color Splash [ edit ]
Paper Mario : Color Splash Enemy Cheep Cheep HP 26 Type Normal 3 Strong None Weak None Card Moves Hop Attack ( 4 ) , Water Attack ( 10 ) , Group Attack ( 4 ) , Blowback attack ( 12 ) Location (s ) Bloo Bay Beach , Violet Passage Quotes N/ A Enemy Class ENEMY_ZAKO_LV1 Dropped Items Hammer Scraps 5 Red Paint 55 Yellow Paint 14 Blue Paint 0 Orange Paint 0 Green Paint 0 Purple Paint 0
Paper Mario : The Origami King [ edit ]
Super Smash Bros. series [ edit ]
Super Smash Bros. Brawl [ edit ]
Trophy [ edit ]
Name Image Game Description Cheep Cheep NES Super Mario Bros .
A round fish with big eyes .
Although mainly aquatic , Cheep Cheeps sometimes attack above land like flying fish , at which point Mario can stomp on them .
There are a wide variety of Cheep Cheep variations , including spiked ones and enormous ones .
GCN Super Mario Sunshine
Sticker [ edit ]
Super Smash Bros. for Nintendo 3DS trophy [ edit ]
Name Image American English Description British English Description Cheep Cheep
Those powerful pectoral fins can turn them into a dangerous airborne threat .
Besides Mario games , you can find them in the oceans of The Legend of Zelda : Link 's Awakening .
This critter was also the inspiration for the Cheep Charger in Mario Kart Wii .
These puffy fish use their strong fins to launch themselves high into the air .
And they 've not only made appearances in the Mario series — they 're also bobbing around in the water in The Legend of Zelda : Link 's Awakening !
They were also the inspiration for the Cheep Charger in Mario Kart Wii .
Dr. Mario World [ edit ]
Stage mode : " Grants
10%/20%/30%/40%/50 % chance viruses ( 1 ) will be eliminated on stage start . "
" " Versus mode : " Grants 100 % chance your attacks will be 5%/6%/7%/8%/10 % faster . "
Figure bio : " It 's a Cheep Cheep figure .
Made with waterproof paint ! "
Gallery [ edit ]
For this subject 's image gallery , see Gallery : Cheep Cheep .
Names in other languages [ edit ]
Language Name Meaning Japanese プクプク
Pukupuku
Tabepuku [ 17 ]
( internal )
トビプ ク [ 18 ]
Tobipuku Japanese onomatopoeia of sinking or rising while giving off bubbles ; alternately romanised as " Puku Puku " [ 19 ]
From pukupuku ( pink variety , Super Mario Sunshine )
Combination of トビウオ ( Tobiuo , flying fish ) and Pukupuku ( jumping variety , New Super Mario Bros . )
Spanish ( NOA ) Cheep cheep - Spanish ( NOE ) Cheep Cheep - French ( NOA ) Aquazo
Le poisson volant [ 20 ]
Pun on " aqua " and " oiseau " ( bird )
The flying fish French ( NOE ) Cheep Cheep - Dutch Cheep Cheep - German Cheep - Cheep
Cheep Cheep ( older games ) - Italian Pesce Smack
Cheep - cheep ( on Super Mario Bros. manual )
Pesce fiu-fiu ( Mario & Luigi : Superstar Saga ) Smack Fish
-
Phew - phew fish Portuguese Cheep Cheep - Russian Чип-чип
Chip-chip Cheep Cheep Korean 뽀꾸뽀꾸
Ppokku - ppokku Possibly from " Ppeokkeum - ppeokkeum " ( 뻐끔뻐끔 ) , an onomatopoeia for opening and closing mouth repetitively widely used as fish sound , and " Ppogeul - ppogeul " ( 뽀글뽀글 ) , an onomatopoeia for a bubble sound Chinese ( Simplified ) 泡泡怪 ( iQue )
Pàopào Guài
泡泡鱼 ( Nintendo )
Pàopào Yú Bubble Monster
Bubble Fish
Chinese ( Traditional ) 泡泡魚
Pàopào Yú Bubble Fish
Think about the web and software projects you ’ve completed .
How many were delivered on time and on budget ?
How many estimates were accurate ?
IT projects are notorious for over - running , and here are several reasons why it occurs …
1 . The project is poorly scoped
How can you estimate time on a project when you do n’t know what that project is ?
It ’s rare to find a client who appreciates exactly how their system should work .
Almost every large project I ’ve undertaken has requested “ flexibility ” .
In other words , the client wants the system to handle anything they want at any future point in time — even though they have no idea what those features might be .
Flexibility is not a requirement !
2. Development time is estimated by non-programmers
If you ’re not a programmer , do n’t guess at development times .
A project is doomed the moment a manager writes their own fictional estimate .
At best , they ’ll be completely incorrect .
At worst , the programmers will be tempted to prove them wrong .
3 . Developer estimates are too optimistic
Developers think in terms of coding hours .
Time passes quickly when you ’re in the zone and it ’s difficult to assess your own speed .
Appreciating the speed of other developers is impossible .
Many developers are over - optimistic .
They tend to forget the softer side of the development process , such as project management , collating requirements , discussions with colleagues , absences , PC problems , etc .
4 . The project is not adequately dissected
Be wary if the development estimate for an individual feature exceeds a week .
That chunk should be sub - divided further so the developer can analyze a complex problem in more detail .
5. Estimated time is used
Give a programmer 5 days to complete a task and it ’ll take 5 days .
Software development is infinitely variable and any code can be improved .
If a developer takes 3 days to finish the task , they ’ll spend the remaining time tweaking it or doing other activities .
Unfortunately , this results in a situation where estimates become the minimum number of development days .
The actual delivery time can only get worse .
6 . More developers != quicker development
A 100 - day project will not be completed in 1 day by 100 developers .
More people results in an exponential increase in complexity .
See Why Larger Teams Do Not Result in Faster Development …
7 . The project scope changes
This is perhaps the most irritating problem for a developer .
A feature is changed or added because customer X has requested it or the CEO thinks it ’s a cool thing to do .
Is the impact of that new feature documented ?…
8. Estimates are fixed
Estimates should be continually assessed and updated as the system development progresses .
Programmers often believe they can make up lost time — it rarely happens .
9 . Testing time is forgotten
It ’s impossible for a developer to adequately test their own code .
They know how it should work , so they consciously or sub - consciously test in a specific way .
In general , you can expect to spend another 50 % of the development time on testing and debugging .
10 . Estimates are taken too literally
Non-programmers rarely appreciate the complexity of software development yet few businesses plan for schedule slippages .
The project often sits at the bottom of a huge unstable tower of other activities , such as literature printing , marketing , distribution , etc .
Development hold - ups can cause a costly chain reaction of delays .
Unfortunately , it becomes easy to blame the programmer at the bottom of the pile .
That ’s does n’t bode well for future projects — the programmer will either refuse to provide estimates or inflate them dramatically .
Have you encountered other reasons why project estimates fail ?
Just as “ there are no human races , just the one species : [ H ] omo sapiens ” , [ 1 ] so there are no equine breeds , just the one species : Equus caballus ; for , since intra-specific categories are subsumed by definition under just the one species , those categories are somehow obviated .
.....
EusLisp is now open source with a BSD license !
There are over two decades of robotics research built on top of EusLisp that can now more easily be shared with other researchers .
All of this is accessible to ROS users as well : the JSK lab at Tokyo University has developed a roseus package that enables use of ROS within a EusLisp environment .
Many robots , including the Kawada HRP - 2 , Aibo , Nao , and Willow Garage PR2 are compatible with EusLisp .
EusLisp is a Lisp - based programming environment for developing robotics programs .
It combines a solid modeler , visualization , geometric libraries , simulation and more into a single development environment .
EusLisp was originally developed by Toshihiro Matsui at AIST in 1986 and has been heavily used by the JSK Lab at Tokyo University in their humanoid robotics research .
EusLisp is an integrated programming system for the research on intelligent robots based on Common Lisp and Object - Oriented programming .
The principal subjects in the field of robotics research are sensory data processing , visual environment recognition , collision avoiding motion planning , and task planning .
In either problem , three dimensional shape models of robots and environment play crucial roles .
A motivation to the development of EusLisp was a demand for an extensible solid modeler that can easily be made use of from higher level symbolic processing system .
Investigations into traditional solid modelers proved that the vital requirement for their implementation language was the list processing capability to represent and manage topology among model components .
Numerical computation power was also important , but locality of geometric computation suggested the provision of vector / matrix functions as built - ins would greatly ease programming .
From EusLisp Manual , Part I , EusLisp Basics , 1 . Introduction
You can find out more about the open source Euslisp at EusLisp.sourceforge.net , and you can download the code here .
Broadway sings blues over synthesizer invasion
by Staff Writers
New York ( AFP ) July 29 , 2010
While audiences at Broadway 's " West Side Story " thrill to the on - stage drama , musicians in the orchestra pit are fighting a battle every bit as vicious as the Sharks - Jets rivalry .
This is gang warfare of a high - minded sort , pitting some of New York 's best live musicians against a synthesizer they fear will usurp the job of playing Leonard Bernstein 's pulsating score .
Sophisticated synthesizers and computer - manipulated recordings are increasingly taking over orchestras .
Sounding almost like real players , while costing much less , they 're especially popular with provincial or touring companies .
But until mid-July -- when " West Side Story 's " producers announced that a synthesizer was replacing three live violinists and two cellists , or half the orchestra 's string section -- staff violinist Paul Woodiel thought that at least the classics would be immune to the trend .
" It was the last straw for me , " Woodiel told AFP .
" I was a student and a friend of Leonard Bernstein and it's almost certain he would n't have allowed this .
This is n't dinner theater , it 's not Las Vegas .
It 's Broadway and Leonard Bernstein was the greatest American musician . "
Woodiel 's own job was spared , but he caused a stir through the tight - knit Broadway world with a New York Times piece denouncing the " inert , artificial " synthesizer invasion .
The producers did not respond to AFP requests to be interviewed .
Synthesizers have in fact been around for decades , notably in pop music .
What 's changing is the ability of the machines to enter the far more sophisticated domain of classical orchestras .
" The computer gives you so much more power now .
There 's ridiculous stuff , " says Mike Levine , editor of Electronic Music Magazine .
There are computer programs able to read and play back music scores -- a boon to composers who can now hear their work as they write -- and software allowing conductors to control the tempo of the machine , in the same way that they direct live players .
" It has gotten very , very good with something like drums and bass and strings , " Levine said .
" With piano they can model almost anything . "
Levine said the growing use of synthesizers is positive for basement bands and other music industry start - ups , but a menace to jobs in large , labor - intensive ensembles like orchestras .
" It 's all about money and the producers want to make as much money as possible , " Levine said .
" They always did . "
-- Deception or innovation ? --
------------------------------
Critics see synthesizers as little better than some barbarian force trampling the classical music landscape .
But one virtual music pioneer , Paul Henry Smith of the Fauxharmonic Orchestra , says the technology will only improve and in any case cannot be stopped .
Smith 's system uses so - called digital sampling , feeding from a store of more than two million individual notes recorded in an almost endless variety of tones and styles .
" It 's kind of insane , " he says .
" We do n't quite know what 's going to happen with this , but computer technology is just so malleable that the likelihood of it going away is probably nil . "
Like many new technologies , virtual music poses growing ethical questions .
New York Post arts writer Barbara Hoffman says using a synthesizer in " West Side Story " amounts to cheating theatergoers .
" When you pay over 100 dollars a ticket you should hear real music the way Leonard Bernstein intended it , " she said .
" Something as sacred as that score , one of the most beautiful scores ever written -- it 's blasphemous . "
But it remains unclear whether audiences around the country realize what 's going on , or necessarily care .
Sarah Franklin , a talented 24 - year - old violinist , joined a five - month North America tour for a revival of the musical " Camelot " with an orchestra of just four people .
" There was me on the violin , one cello , one French horn and a conductor with a computer , " she said .
The computer , using a software called Notion , played the rest of the semi-virtual orchestra .
Frequently the program crashed , abruptly leaving the three live musicians to play by themselves .
But despite the glitches , most audience members were none the wiser , Franklin said .
" When people saw us down in the pit afterwards , they 'd say , ' It sounded like there were so many more of you ! ' "
The musicians would wriggle out of the embarrassing situation by pretending that the rest of their colleagues had quickly left the theater .
" We got fed up with explaining and we did n't want to ruin it for them .
They did n't need to know , " Franklin said .
True aficionados can immediately tell the difference between real and manufactured music .
Woodiel compares playing alongside a synthesizer to " making love with a corpse . "
Even Smith readily concedes that today 's virtual instruments cannot match live string players " by a long shot . "
But advocates argue that axing salaried musicians in favor of a machine during today 's economic uncertainty can extend the life of a flagging production , thereby saving many other jobs .
Smith , who studied with Bernstein and researched digital sound at Massachusetts Institute of Technology , says the most important benefits are subtle .
He sees virtual orchestra programs as a new instrument in their own right , as well as a tool for composers to " get their ideas into sound " and bring new material to human orchestras -- thereby creating work .
" It 's not always a bad boy , " Smith said .
" It 's a branching out and expanding of possibilities . "
Peter Reit , who plays French horn in Broadway 's " Phantom of the Opera " -- where two strings players have been replaced by a synthesizer -- has a more gloomy prognosis in what he calls the " corporate " music landscape .
" You get the feeling that if they had their way , ideally , they would have an entire virtual orchestra , " he said .
" They would have all of us replaced with one electronic instrument , then feed that to the public and make more money . "
Nude Wife : *SP Cutegirl Strips Outdoors
Posted by : CuteGirl
as you requested ... these photos were taken during a walk through the Dorset fields .... and a big turn on was when I realised we were being watched by another walker ... he seemed to like the show but hid behind a hedge ... love to here your thoughts ... CuteGirl xxx
The Huffington Post is venturing into the wonky but increasingly popular territory of opinion poll analysis , purchasing Pollster.com , a widely respected aggregator of poll data that has been a major draw for the Web site of The National Journal .
The purchase is something of a coup for The Huffington Post , which has been making a more aggressive push into political journalism ahead of the midterm elections in November .
“ It ’s going to beef up our political coverage , ” said Arianna Huffington , the Web site ’s editor in chief and founder .
“ Polling , whether we like it or not , is a big part of how we communicate about politics .
And with this , we ’ll be able to do it in a deeper way .
We ’ll be able to both aggregate polls , point out the limitations of them and demand more transparency . ”
The Huffington Post ’s purchase of Pollster , which is owned by YouGov Polimetrix but hosted on NationalJournal.com , comes at a time of intense competition among media outlets vying for influence in Washington ’s saturated online media market .
( Video : Al Jazeera report on a new legal battle against Royal Dutch Shell and other foreign oil companies polluting the Niger Delta . )
Imagine BP's Deepwater Horizon
Gulf oil disaster happening every single year , with little or no public outcry , no media coverage , and all but silence from government and the companies involved .
Welcome to Nigeria .
Over the last 50 years , foreign oil companies have spilled over 1.5 million tons of oil here , but there have been no legal convictions against them , and no compensation for spill victims .
The Niger Delta is now one of the most polluted places in the world .
Snip from Guardian article by John Vidal :
On 1 May this year a ruptured ExxonMobil pipeline in the state of Akwa Ibom spilled more than a million gallons into the delta over seven days before the leak was stopped .
Local people demonstrated against the company but say they were attacked by security guards .
Community leaders are now demanding $ 1bn in compensation for the illness and loss of livelihood they suffered .
Few expect they will succeed .
In the meantime , thick balls of tar are being washed up along the coast .
Within days of the Ibeno spill , thousands of barrels of oil were spilled when the nearby Shell Trans Niger pipeline was attacked by rebels .
A few days after that , a large oil slick was found floating on Lake Adibawa in Bayelsa state and another in Ogoniland .
" We are faced with incessant oil spills from rusty pipes , some of which are 40 years old , " said Bonny Otavie , a Bayelsa MP .
This point was backed by Williams Mkpa , a community leader in Ibeno : " Oil companies do not value our life ; they want us to all die .
In the past two years , we have experienced 10 oil spills and fishermen can no longer sustain their families .
It is not tolerable . "
With 606 oilfields , the Niger delta supplies 40 % of all the crude the United States imports and is the world capital of oil pollution .
Life expectancy in its rural communities , half of which have no access to clean water , has fallen to little more than 40 years over the past two generations .
Locals blame the oil that pollutes their land and can scarcely believe the contrast with the steps taken by BP and the US government to try to stop the Gulf oil leak and to protect the Louisiana shoreline from pollution .
Nigeria 's agony dwarfs the Gulf oil spill .
The US and Europe ignore it ( Guardian UK )
My friend Peter Kirn tweets ,
I see Ogoniland remains troubled ;
Shell security shot an Ogoni youth as recently as April .
[ PDF Link . ]
The brain is a castle on a hill .
Encased in bone and protected by a special layer of cells , it is shielded from infections and injuries — but also from many pharmaceuticals and even from the body ’s own immune defenses .
As a result , brain problems are tough to diagnose and to treat .
To meet this challenge , researchers are exploring unconventional therapies , from electrodes to laser - light stimulation to mind - bending drugs .
Some of these radical experiments may never pan out .
But , as frequently happens in medicine , a few of today ’s improbable approaches may evolve into tomorrow ’s miraculous cures .
1. Man Meets Machine
In a sense , cyborgs already walk among us : Nearly 200,000 deaf or near - deaf people have cochlear implants , electronic sound - processing machines that stimulate the auditory nerve and link into the brain .
But even by the fanciful science fiction definition , the age of cyborgs is just around the corner .
In the last decade , researchers have become increasingly skilled at detecting and interpreting brain signals .
Technologies that allow people to use their thoughts to control machines — computers , speaking devices , or prosthetic limbs — are already being tested and could soon be available for widespread applications .
The electrodes in the photo above are part of an experimental brain - computer interface developed by University of Utah neurosurgeon Paul House and neuroengineer Bradley Greger .
By placing electrodes on top of the brain , they hope to avoid the problems associated with devices that use implanted probes , which may cause scarring and swelling .
Implanted electrodes might also be dangerous if they penetrate sensitive regions of the brain like the speech centers , where damage could lead to speech loss , or the motor cortex , where paralysis is a risk .
The Utah team miniaturized electrocorticography electrodes — sensors developed in the 1960s to locate the seizure - causing areas in the brains of epileptics — and encased them in thin sheets of silicon .
House then tested the sheets with two epileptic patients who were undergoing brain surgery for major seizures .
( The patients did not need a brain - computer interface but volunteered to help the team fine - tune this technology . )
The electrode - embedded sheets were placed over the parts of the brain that control arm and hand movement .
When the volunteers reached toward different points on a table , a computer was able to analyze the exact neural signals associated with performing those actions .
House and Greger are still learning how to interpret those signals so that they can be read automatically within a brain - computer interface .
The researchers anticipate that someday such interfaces will enable people to operate prosthetic limbs or control an electric wheelchair merely by thinking about what they want to do .
But much work remains , Greger cautions .
“ It wo n’t be the Matrix .
But 10 years down the road , we hope to be utilizing prosthetic devices controlled by brain - computer interfaces that are safer and more comfortable for patients to use . ”
— Laurie Rich
2. Casting New Light on Neurons
Someday intractable brain disorders — such as severe Parkinson ’s disease , extreme depression , and perhaps even schizophrenia — could be treated with a flashing light implanted in the brain to help correct the firing of disease - related neurons .
Even if this technique proves too invasive for routine use , it may inspire new , more precise drugs that affect only the neurons involved in a disease .
Good - bye side effects ; hello optogenetics .
Identifying specific clusters of faulty neurons is difficult , says Karl Deisseroth , a psychiatrist and bioengineering researcher at Stanford University who has pioneered the optogenetics technique .
Moreover , the neural therapies currently available — psychoactive drugs and stimulators that send electric current deep into the brain — are blunt instruments .
“ They affect all brain cells , not just the ones that are involved in the disorder , ” he says .
Optogenetics circumvents these problems by using light to control the activity of specific sets of neurons .
The first step in the process involves inserting into those brain cells a gene that makes a light - sensitive protein .
One of the genes Deisseroth uses triggers the cell to fire in response to blue light ; another responds to yellow light by suppressing activity in the cell .
The genes “ work like an on / off switch , ” Deisseroth says .
“ Depending on which genes we use , we can activate specific cells or inhibit them . ”
In one of his team ’s first experiments , a light - sensing gene coded to “ turn on ” the right side of the motor cortex was put into mice .
A fiber - optic probe emitting blue light was inserted into that area of the brain .
When it was switched on , all of the mice immediately started walking in circles , responding to the one - sided motor stimulation .
Neuroscientists are now using optogenetics to map brain activity and test the effectiveness of an on / off switch in treating disorders .
Using this technique , Deisseroth ’s team has already found a cellular pathway that leads from the outer cortex to the cells deep in the brain that control Parkinson ’s symptoms , a discovery that could lead to a less invasive treatment for severe cases of the disease .
— Jane Bosveld
3. A Trip Out of Depression
Club kids take ketamine because it induces potent and pleasurable dissociative feelings .
Anesthesiologists give it to patients because it causes a pain - free state without slowing breathing .
Soon it could be put to another use : easing the most paralyzing depressions .
In small doses ketamine is a remarkably effective antidepressant , psychiatrist Dennis Charney and a team at Yale University reported in 2000 .
In a small study , the compound was particularly helpful for people with treatment - resistant depression — that desperate minority for whom therapy and drugs do not work .
Ketamine brought relief almost immediately , and at the low doses Charney used , it caused only mild to moderate dissociation and no major delusions .
Charney , now dean of the Mount Sinai School of Medicine in New York City , thinks ketamine could serve as an alternative to electroconvulsive therapy , the current treatment of last resort .
He envisions patients receiving a series of ketamine injections that would keep them depression - free for a month or more .
During that window of opportunity , other drugs and therapies would be introduced to ward off relapse , perhaps aided by an occasional ketamine booster .
In a small study published last year , a single ketamine injection dramatically lifted patients ’ depression within 24 hours .
After multiple doses over two weeks , 9 of 10 patients showed significant improvement .
One remained stable for more than three months .
“ It ’s pretty amazing to these patients , ” says Rebecca Price , a graduate psychology student at Rutgers University and lead author of the study .
“ They ca n’t even remember not being depressed — and then they get this little respite . ”
Charney says it will take at least several years to conduct enough large , controlled studies for federal drug approval .
— Andrew Grant
4. Making Memories
A good snooze can do wonders for recall , and researchers are now experimenting with intensifying the memory - sharpening effects of sleep by stimulating the brain .
At the University of Lübeck in Germany , neuroscientist Jan Born studies the deepest stage of sleep , known as the slow - wave stage because of its characteristic electrical rhythm .
Slow - wave sleep plays an important role in memory consolidation , the stage when information gets locked into the brain .
Born gave a group of medical students a list of words to memorize on two separate occasions and attached electrodes to the students ’ scalps before they went to bed .
On one night he delivered low - frequency , low - voltage electricity while they slept ; on another night they received no electricity .
The subtle buzz , called transcranial slow - oscillation stimulation , seemed to coax the brain into entering slow - wave sleep , and the subjects recalled more words the morning after they got the gentle zapping than they did without it .
People ’s brains produce less slow - wave sleep after age 40 , according to György Buzsáki of Rutgers University .
Stimulation could help adults achieve more deep sleep and perhaps the memory benefits that come with it .
Northwestern University ’s Ken Paller is already administering this type of stimulation to middle - aged adults with mild cognitive impairment , often an early indicator of Alzheimer ’s disease .
The next step : a better understanding of the different stages of slumber .
— A. G .
5 . There ’s a Pill for That , Too
Although low libido may not exactly be a disease , the success of Viagra and its cousins proves that many people are happy to pop a pill to improve their experience in the sack .
So far , women have had no such options ; drugs like Viagra , which boost blood flow to the genitals , do not help women who have lost interest in sex .
For women , a drug that works between the ears is better than one that functions between the legs , a German pharmaceutical company has found .
Boehringer Ingelheim showed that its drug flibanserin was an enhancer of female sexual desire , though an expert FDA panel recently voted against approving the drug , saying that the side effects outweighed its subtle clinical effects .
( In North American clinical trials , between 40 and 50 percent of the women who took the drug reported that their tally of monthly “ satisfying sexual events ” climbed , versus about 30 percent of those who received a placebo .
Side effects included dizziness , nausea , and sleepiness . )
Like an antidepressant , flibanserin influences the serotonin system in the brain , enhancing and inhibiting receptors that in turn inhibit other neurotransmitters .
In fact , flibanserin is a failed antidepressant : Patients who took it were no less depressed but noticed that their thoughts had turned lightly to love .
“ It ’s not an aphrodisiac ; it ’s not ‘ love potion # 9 , ’ ” says University of Virginia psychiatrist Anita Clayton , coordinating investigator on one of the Boehringer Ingelheim trials .
While flibanserin may not ever be prescribed for sexual dysfunction — and there is much debate over whether the " dysfunction " it targets is real or just marketing — the drug does show modern neuroscience 's broader and deeper effects on our minds .
— Amy Barth
Aryan Hopkins , a piercing enthusiast from Roseville , California , has set a new world record for the highest number of piercings in one session .
Before you start calling this guy all sorts of things , you should know Aryan Hopkins made this bizarre attempt to raise money for the Shriners Hospital for Children , in Northern California .
You have to respect that , if nothing else .
On Saturday , June 26 , at the Abstract Ink Tattoo parlor , which Hopkins owns with his wife , piercing enthusiasts as well as members of the local media gathered to witness an attempt to break the highest number of piercings with an 18 - gauge needle , in one sitting .
The old record stood at 900 , and after going through a lot of pain , Aryan Hopkins managed to push the number to 1,091 .
That ’s definitely an impressive figure , but Hopkins set out to reach 2,000 piercings , but the excruciating pain caused him to start shaking and losing feeling in his hands and arms .
Photos by Jose Luis Villegas for Sacbee
You can stop d’oh - ing at yourself for not rummaging around garage sales now .
Turns out those early Ansel Adams negatives that some weasel paid $ 45 for and attempted to sell for $ 200 million ?
Fake !
Ha-ha .
An old lady recognized the negatives and matched one down to the Jefrey Pine branch shadows .
Her Uncle Earl frequented Yosemite and took BW photos that look similar to Ansel ’s – yes , I ’m sure you ’re shocked .
So , was this a humble blunder or a foiled $ 200 million con ?
String Camp
Jul 18 - Jul 22
2018 and 2019 sold out !
Get your ticket early this year !
The Ossipee Valley String Camp is a 5 day celebration of acoustic music , food and community .
Campers enjoy lessons from world renowned instructors in roots music , playing in a band , eating delicious local food , practicing yoga , late night jam sessions , and more , all on the serene Ossipee Valley Fairgrounds on the banks of the Ossipee River .
A camp ticket includes a free pass to the music festival , for a full week of music , friends and joy !
[ Editor 's note : The Tyee is pleased to weekly showcase the best of the Vancouver Observer , the independent , online source of news , culture and blogs whose motto is , " All local -- all the time . " ]
Census Provides Snapshot on Immigration read more
Announcements , Events & more from Tyee and select partners Hurrah !
Tyee Reporter Katie Hyslop Celebrates 10 - Year Tyeeversary
She ’s covered education , youth and housing issues for a decade now , and we ’re lucky to have her .
" Why ca n't they see I'm Canadian ? "
Jackie Scott opened up her father 's war record and showed it to a reporter .
Scott , 65 , spends six months each year in an R.V. park next to the American border in Surrey , BC .
A slight woman with graying red hair and a deeply lined face , Scott has the courteous demeanor of a Canadian .
On her living room table two cups of coffee , a plate of muffins and napkins stood waiting .
She sat down by the window and held in her hands a collection of documents : a well - kept photograph of her father as a soldier , her mother 's naturalization certificate , letters from the Canadian government , copies of Canada 's immigration and citizenship acts and pictures of her Canadian born daughter and grandchildren .
Jackie , daughter of a Canadian soldier and a British - born mother naturalized as a Canadian citizen in 1955 , learned she was a " visitor " in Canada in 2005 , when after applying for a citizenship card in order to get a passport , she received a letter from the government saying she was not Canadian .
9 -11 changed everything
After 9 - 11 , a certain group of Canadians got a rude awakening .
When Canadians suddenly needed passports to travel between here and the U.S. , Citizenship and Immigration Canada turned their applications for passports and proof of citizenship cards down .
It was n't because they were security threats .
Far from it .
Most had been contributing members of Canadian society for a large portion of their lives .
The majority were the children of love alliances formed during World War II between British women and Canadian soldiers fighting the spread of fascism .
And due to an antiquated law regarding the marital status of the applicants ' parents at the time of the applicants ' birth , people who had functioned as Canadian and whose parents had risked everything for their country were denied .
Jason Kenney , Canada 's immigration minister , has estimated that possibly hundreds of thousands of people were affected .
As this became apparent , the government moved quickly to change the laws , but did not change them all .
" I had the letter in my hand , and was shaking , " Scott said , recalling her first denial .
" I felt so embarrassed , because as I read down , the reason for the denial was because I was born out of wedlock ... they 're saying I 'm a bastard . "
Scott shares a common struggle with countless Canadians of her generation -- they were born when " legitimacy " mattered .
She is quick to accept that today 's society has a different attitude towards children born out of wedlock , but back then , she said , it was a big deal .
" My parents did n't want me to know the circumstances of my birth .
You did n't share that with anyone , " she said .
It was n't until Scott was 17 that she learned the circumstances that brought her into this world .
She always new that she was born while her father was stationed in England during the war in 1945 , but not of her parent 's unmarried status .
" I often wonder how angry my father would feel that they are denying me when he served his country during the war , " Scott said .
Bastard out of Canada
Never once did she doubt or even consider that as a child of a war veteran father and a naturalized Canadian citizen mother that she would have to inquire about the laws of her governing identity or doubt her nationality .
She was wrong .
Scott fights back the tears today when she thinks of the term that the government has continually thrown in her face for the past five years .
Being a " bastard " in the 1940s and ' 50s did n't close the door on citizenship , but it did require some paperwork if those who were foreign - born wanted the benefits that came with being " legitimate . "
Few were aware of such bureaucratic obscurities , however .
Scott 's parents were of the few who did know .
In 1955 her father " legitimized " her in writing according to the 1921 Ontario Legitimization Act ( a law established to deal with war brides of World War I ) .
With the stamp of a notary , he declared that she was his child and that her mother was his wife .
Scott held up a copy of the document delivered by the then registrar of Canadian citizenship .
Her father 's signature was on it , an ace in the hole surely , or so she had thought .
Scott has made the argument to Canadian immigration that her legitimization in Ontario under a provincial law ought to have settled the matter since provinces at the time had control over citizenship .
The case was good enough for Ontario in 1955 , good enough to get her a Social Insurance Number card , and good enough to pass citizenship to her daughter and grand - daughter , but still not good enough for Canada to give her a passport in 2010 .
" They do n't even know their own laws , " she said , insisting that the 1955 registrar letter recognizes her .
In addition to the two arguments she has submitted , Scott was living in Canada on her 24th birthday .
It used to be that if you were n't living in Canada at that age , you were n't qualified to be a citizen -- yet another obscure citizenship law .
But that would only matter if she had a claim in the first place , which immigration said she does not .
' I regret to inform you ...'
While insisting they are not aware of their own laws , Scott has become all too familiar with Citizen and Immigration Canada 's excellent handle on the clarity of refusal .
The government has not minced words .
Her voice dropped as she read an excerpt from the bare prose of the colourless paper in her hand .
" I regret to inform you that a positive recommendation will not be made as you have not demonstrated that a discretionary grant of citizenship pursuant to subsection 5 ( 4 ) is warranted . "
This special 5 ( 4 ) grant was created to apply to the so - called " five per cent " like Scott that Canada 's most recent citizenship legislation from 2009 knowingly left behind .
Her second letter of denial added the additional note that " no compelling grounds have been identified to warrant a reward for exceptional services to Canada . "
" I often wonder how my father would feel , how angry he would feel that they are denying me when he served his country during the war , " Scott said .
She 's spent half of her life here .
Voted .
Worked .
Paid taxes to Canada .
She has Canadian children and grandchildren .
Her father was a war veteran , and her mother , after being naturalized by subsequent marriage , lived out her days as a Canadian .
Scott goes to Ottawa
On June 11th , 2009 , Scott gave testimony in Ottawa at the Standing Committee on Citizenship and Immigration on what would have been her Canadian War Veteran father 's 98th birthday .
The topic of the day was to address the outstanding cases that have not been covered in the so - called Lost Canadian Bill -- Bill C - 37 .
" I was given five minutes , " she said about her testimony , " I was n't even able to finish . "
As Canada 's current citizen and immigration czar , Conservative Jason Kenney is the only person standing between Scott and a 5 ( 4 ) , a grant of citizenship that only the minister can approve .
Her long road to legitimization rests in the ink of the Kenney 's pen .
After her unsuccessful testimony in June 2009 , Scott and other outstanding Lost Canadians held a press conference in Ottawa in October 2009 , pleading their case on the parliamentary steps , hoping to get the minister 's attention .
" Rather than having press conferences or trying to politicize their application , just make a solid application , make a strong case , and it will be considered fairly on the merits of their case , " Kenney told the CBC of their display .
Kenney declines comment
A year and a fresh denial later , however , Scott is still not a Canadian citizen and the list of " lost " is growing once again .
On his recent visit to Vancouver to celebrate a festival dedicated to Canada 's migratory cultural mosaic , Kenney declined comment to The Vancouver Observer , as did his office in Ottawa regarding Scott 's case .
UVIC immigration law professor , Donald Galloway is well acquainted with the Lost Canadian saga .
He gave expert opinion to the Senate review committee on the draft of Bill C - 37 .
He says that the minister 's approach is not surprising .
" At the time the minister suggested that deserving cases would be adequately dealt with expeditiously on a case - by - case basis .
That this case ( Scott 's ) has not yet been resolved reveals that a narrow legalistic attitude seems to have prevailed . "
As for Scott 's would - be MP , Conservative Nina Grewal , who was a member on the Standing Committee on Citizenship and Immigration that Scott addressed one year ago , she too has declined to comment to the Vancouver Observer .
Her staffers noted that the " unique " aspects of Scott 's case do not allow for disclosure .
They suggested contacting Citizenship and Immigration Canada saying that office would be more " appropriate " to answer .
However , CIC cannot comment on individual files , nor can they change the laws -- that is something only MP 's do .
The government is working on an amendment to Bill C - 37 , one that is said to address the issues the government was aware of in 2008 but did not have the time to push through .
MP Weston suggests amendments
Conservative John Weston , MP in West Vancouver - Sunshine Coast where tireless and prominent Lost Canadian activist Don Chapman lives , said the government is aware of the problem and has been consistent in its efforts to fix the situation :
" We have yet another proposed improvement to the Citizenship Act , introduced in the house , another Bill C - 37 , " Weston said .
" And that bill , among other things , will deal with or remedy situations where we have unintentionally barred citizenship to eligible applicants . "
Though Jackie Scott is one of those who has been unintentionally barred her citizenship , ( she has never renounced her nationality ) , she need not get her hopes up over this new action .
The proposed amendment does not address those born out of wedlock before 1947 , Chapman said , nor does it address the 81 cases that he has taken up cause for through his website .
As the debates continue on parliament hill , Scott waits patiently at the 176th Surrey border and volunteers her time around the park .
She is no longer legally allowed to work in Canada , even though she has been offered employment at the RV site .
Her third set of applications , one for yet another 5 ( 4 ) grant of citizenship and the other asking for naturalization dating back to the time of her birth , are in review .
If denied again , she said she will launch a court challenge , as other notable Lost Canadians have done , and get the law changed at great expense to the Canadian taxpayer .
For more on this and other stories about Lost Canadians , see the full series on the Vancouver Observer , here .
Who says that a healthy spine and obsessive geekery are mutually exclusive ?
Writer and comedian Matthew Latkewicz sure does n’t , which is why he ’s whipped up Star Wars Yoga , a series of postures and stretches inspired by the Star Wars series .
In Latkewicz ’s world , LucasArts ’ marketing towards “ overweight ‘ geeks ’ and ‘ nerds ' ” has hit saturation , and so it turns to the next logical target market : Yuppies .
We propose a new marketing strategy and target : the 30 - something , health conscious consumer who probably owns an Apple laptop and is trying to live “ green ” .
In this effort , we would like to initiate a line of Star Wars Branded Yoga .
A few more poses , some of which , silly names aside , look like they ’d actually be decent stretches :
More pics — and Latkiewicz ’s exclusive ‘ memos ’ swapped between George Lucas and LucasArts ’ branding director in which the latter patiently explains to Lucas that no , yoga is not some “ weird fan fiction version of Yoda , ” at You Will Not Believe This Blog .
We hope he eventually mocks up that Star Wars - themed golf course !
( You Will Not Believe This Blog via WebUrbanist and The Chive )
Have a tip we should know ?
tips@themarysue.com
Thanks to BMW Motorsport team ’s win at the 24 Hours of Nurburgring endurance race in 2010 , G - Power released two new vehicles .
The BMW M3 GT2 S , represented G - Power ’s aim to appeal to BMW fans worldwide in a vehicle similar to the Porsche 911 GT3 RS .
Meanwhile , G - Power showcased their tuning abilities with the BMW M3 Tornado CS for the public , a slightly less powerful version of the GT2 .
Their press release described both as street legal ticketed with the € 10,800 SK II CS supercharger upgrade , the same as the Alpina B6 GT3 .
To get all the power they can , G - Power added an aluminum air box , dual flow carbon intake , and aluminum charge air cooler , and titanium exhaust reducing the weight by 26 kgs .
The G - Power tuning resulted in a 43 % increase in HP with specs of 600 ps ( 441 kW ) and up to 428 lbs of torque , for quite an impressive performance .
It has a top speed of 330 km/h ( 205 mph ) utilizing the seven - speed DCT gearbox .
However , with a six speed manual transmission that ’s reduced to 199mph .
So what ’s the difference you ask ?
Well , weight .
The GT2 , fitted with a full carbon fiber body kit changing the appearance of the front skirt , the rear bumper , and both side skirts .
In short , the GT2 is lighter by 150 kg with the same power as the Tornado CS , enabling a 0 - 100 km / h in 4.1 seconds ( .2 seconds faster than the Tornado CS ) .
Forged Silverstone Club Sport wheels with Michelin Pilot Sport tires fit the Tornado CS and the 20 - inch wheels measure 9 inches wide at the front , 10.5 in the rear .
Likewise , the GT2 S is fitted with Michelin Pilot Sport tires around a three - piece Silverstone RS wheel ( 9×20 in front , 11.5 for rear ) .
Priced at € 139,495 without tax and fees , the G - Power M3 GT2 S is quite a prize .
Retail on the Tornado CS is not yet been revealed by G - Power .
← More from More from BMW
[ Source : 4wheelsnews
Saturday , day 3 of every Comic
Con is always the peak day of when people in costumes come out and show what they have been working on for months .
The reason being for this is because , one , it ’s the first weekend day of the convention and two , this is when the annual masquerade event happens .
In this post , we have decided to split up the galley into sub galleries to help you look through the photos easier .
Check out over 200 photos of the cosplayers after the break .
By the way , if you ’re one of these cosplayers and would like a high resolution copy of your photo , just send an email to photo( at) pixelatedgeek.com .
Comic book characters
Team Fortress 2 characters
Other video / computer game characters
TV / Movie characters
Other costumes
Much like two children in the back seat of a car , it can be challenging to get two catalysts to cooperate for the greater good .
Now Northwestern
University chemists have gotten two catalysts to work together on the same task -- something easily done by nature but a difficult thing to do in the laboratory .
The findings , published by the journal Nature Chemistry , will allow medicinal chemists to invent new reactions and produce valuable bioactive compounds faster with less impact on the environment .
Catalysis is inherently green chemistry .
Catalytic reactions typically employ a single molecule ( a catalyst ) to enhance a reaction or make a reaction possible that would n't otherwise be possible .
Since a catalyst only needs to be used in very small amounts , the potential to control chemical processes while reducing waste makes catalysis very attractive .
The Northwestern team wanted to see if they could turn a good thing -- a single catalyst -- into something even better by employing two catalysts .
" In our new approach , we discovered a pair of catalysts that work cooperatively to produce valuable compounds for biomedical research , which is important given the demand for new pharmaceuticals of all kinds , " said senior author Karl A. Scheidt , the Irving M. Klotz Professor of Chemistry in the Weinberg College of Arts and Sciences .
" Cooperative catalysis -- using two catalysts instead of just one -- will help us develop important compounds faster and with less waste .
It also opens up an exciting new area of catalysis to explore . "
Scheidt and his team started with simple stock chemicals and ended up with a number of compounds that are potentially bioactive and similar to each other .
In the reaction , catalyst one ( a magnesium salt that acts as an electron - deficient " Lewis acid " ) activates one molecule , and catalyst two ( a mimic of thiamine , a carbene and an electron - rich " Lewis base " ) activates a second molecule simultaneously .
The two activated substrates come together .
The result is rapid , efficient and controlled production of large amounts of a molecule called gamma- lactam , a key building block for many pharmaceuticals .
On paper , the two catalysts should bind together and not be that effective as catalysts , but , it turns out , they do n't interact that tightly .
Instead , when there is a substrate for each catalyst , they work in tandem .
Before this discovery , no one had identified an electron - deficient metal Lewis acid that works with a carbene .
( A carbene is a highly reactive , transient molecule in which a carbon atom has only two bonds versus the normal four . )
" Nature employs a lot of catalysis -- to do such crucial biological transformations as acylations , oxidations and reductions , but it 's hard to do what nature does in a flask , " said Scheidt , director of Northwestern 's Center for Molecular Innovation and Drug Discovery .
" Getting two catalysts that are seemingly incompatible to work together is a significant advance .
Now we have a great first step to realizing the full potential of this powerful cooperative catalysis strategy .
Ultimately , this approach should allow chemists to combine simple components under catalytic conditions to generate new bioactive compounds of high value . "
Explore further UCR chemists prepare molecules that accelerate chemical reactions for manufacturing drugs
DOES JINDAL KNOW WHAT HE’S DOING ?….
We learned something important and unexpected on Thursday night , when CBS News reported that Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal ( R ) , for all his rhetoric about an insufficiently aggressive response to the BP oil spill , has chosen not to exercise his authority to dispatch thousands of National Guard troops to the coast .
The Obama administration authorized Jindal to use 6,000 troops to respond to the disaster , but Jindal only dispatched 1,053 — less than a fifth of the available total .
Asked to explain why he would n’t want every available person on the scene working , Jindal claimed he ’s forbidden from deploying more because it ’s up to “ the Coast Guard and BP ” to “ authorize individual tasks . ”
That turned out to be untrue .
Yesterday , the governor came up with a new rationale .
Following a CBS News Investigates report that Gulf coast governors have n’t been fully utilizing the 17,500 National Guard troops authorized by the federal government to help them with the oil spill , Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal ’s office offered a tart response .
In a statement sent to ProPublica , Jindal spokesman Kyle Plotkin said that Louisiana would “ call up more National Guard troops as the Adjutant General tells us he needs them . ”
But this actually raises more questions than it answers .
First , if Jindal is waiting for word from Louisiana ’s Adjutant General , why was the governor ’s initial response a different story altogether ?
Second , in Louisiana , the Adjutant General answers to Jindal , not the other way around .
If the governor wants every available resource on the coast , helping with the response , why is Jindal waiting for a request that seems obvious , when it ’s within his authority to simply give the order ?
The only rationale explanation I can think of here , is that the governor is afraid 6,000 National Guard troops working along the coast might discourage tourism , so he ’s willing to settle for a weaker , slower response to the spill .
I ’m not saying that is the reason , but I ’m trying to imagine why the governor would deliberately choose not to send every available person , and this is the only thing I can think of .
That Jindal is changing his story , and that his second attempt is hardly better than his first , is a bad sign .
If reporters covering the spill pursue this aggressively , it could be a major headache for Jindal .
On a related point , the New York Times reports today that the Louisiana governor , practically from the beginning of this disaster , has “ often disregarded ” his administration ’s “ own plans and experts in favor of large - scale proposals that many say would probably have had limited effectiveness and could have even hampered the response . ”
It ’s starting to cast an entirely new light on why Jindal has been so aggressive in blaming others for an inadequate response — perhaps he ’s trying to deflect attention from his own mismanagement .
Update :
To clarify , the CBS piece refers to 17,500 National Guard troops , while the angle referring to Jindal points to the 6,000 figure .
The larger total is the number the Obama administration has made available to the region , and the 6,000 is specific to Louisiana .
Author Thread
Fabulous work .
Photographer found comment helpful .
Congratulations , Robin , it is an incredible shot .
Well deserved blue !
Photographer found comment helpful .
Dang girl .
Congratulations .
I kept expecting it but I did n't think it was going to happen when the week was up .
Came in this morning to see who the new winners are and there you were .
Awesome .
Photographer found comment helpful .
Great result for you !
This is such an intriguing image that makes you want to look at it a lot .
Congrats on the now BLUE ribbon ... making this a fave
Photographer found comment helpful .
Congrats on your about to be blue !
Photographer found comment helpful .
Oh my goodness !
You were right !
I am happy to get the blue , but it 's sad such a beautiful blue ribbon photo got disqualified .
Originally posted by kenskid : I knew it would happen !
Originally posted by kenskid :
This is about to be first place ;)
I knew it would happen !
Originally posted by kenskid :
This is about to be first place ;)
Photographer found comment helpful .
Huge congrats on the ribbon in Free Study !
Photographer found comment helpful .
simply amazing shot !
Congrats !!
Photographer found comment helpful .
My husband ( who loves these kinds of photos ) says you should of named this " Aww Man " lol he also told me to pass along that he thinks its an exceptional image
Photographer found comment helpful .
I love this image ! its so cute !
Photographer found comment helpful .
Congratulations on the ribbon and more importantly on the masterpiece that won it .
Photographer found comment helpful .
This is about to be first place ;)
Photographer found comment helpful .
Poor frog , but a beautiful capture
Photographer found comment helpful .
You should have got out of your car and saved that frog .
Photographer found comment helpful .
Hey , birds have to eat too , and frog legs are very tasty . :)
Congratulations on a well deserved ribbon , Robin !
Photographer found comment helpful .
timely capture , for sure !
Poor little frog . :)
I 'm glad you 've presented him here to be remember always . :)
Photographer found comment helpful .
Ohhhh poor froggy - but great photo !!
Congratulations on your red !!
Photographer found comment helpful .
Originally posted by snaffles :
Poor froggie , but glad that you managed to capture such a shot .
Any idea what kind of heron it is ?
I believe it is a Green Heron . :)
Congrats , nice use of Topaz .
Photographer found comment helpful .
great timing !
Title of the photograph is another masterpiece :)
Photographer found comment helpful .
Poor froggie , but glad that you managed to capture such a shot .
Any idea what kind of heron it is ?
Photographer found comment helpful .
Wow - great timing !
Congratulation on your ribbon !
Photographer found comment helpful .
What a moment !
It is rare to see , such a meal .
I 'm glad you had the opportunity to capture it so well .
Congratulations on the great finish !
Photographer found comment helpful .
congrats great image
Photographer found comment helpful .
OMG this is wonderful and sooooooo well deserved .
Congratulations .
Photographer found comment helpful .
Congtraulations Robin , wonderful photo .
Mike
Photographer found comment helpful .
Congratulations !
It 's a fantastic capture and an interesting peek into the cycle of life .
The fact that it is well photographed and pped is another thing to be proud of .
Photographer found comment helpful .
Congratulations , Robin !
What a moment .
A sad one for the little frog , but you 're right .
The bird has to eat too .
Congratulations on such a prestigious ribbon in a free study !
Photographer found comment helpful .
Very cool !
Got to love those moments you sometimes run across .
Congratulation on the red .
Photographer found comment helpful .
great title for a great image !
this is a Wildlife Photographer of the Year image !
congrats
Photographer found comment helpful .
Congratulations on your win !
Photographer found comment helpful .
Amazing capture !
Congrats on the ribbon !
Photographer found comment helpful .
Comments Made During the Challenge
Well captured .
Wonderful expressions and title .
Photographer found comment helpful .
Extra point for title :) nice timing too on this shot .
Photographer found comment helpful .
oh no ... makes me wanna grab that poor frog out of it's beak - awesome shot though !!!
Photographer found comment helpful .
What a fantasic capture !
Love the title too .
The photo is technical excellent too .
This photo has so much comercial potential .
I expect to see this on the front page .
Well done - 9
Photographer found comment helpful .
That 's a superb shot .
It took me aback when I first saw it .
I love the colours , the blurring , the reflections , the eyes and the absolute sense of power that 's portrayed over the frog .
If I could have voted I would have given 9/10 .
The only thing I do n't like is the capitalisation of every word in the title , but that 's absolutely a personal thing .
Photographer found comment helpful .
Great catch of a Green Heron - at least I think it 's a green heron .. wonderful detail in the frog too .. he knows he is dinner :(
Photographer found comment helpful .
Outstanding capture .
One of the best " aw crap , I 'm about to be eaten " pictures ever .
Photographer found comment helpful .
yikes !
what a capture
Photographer found comment helpful .
I love the title :)
Photographer found comment helpful .
Great capture ( for the bird and you ) !!
Photographer found comment helpful .
Ohhhh .
. . what an amazing wildlife photo .
But I love frogs , so it makes me sad .
Maybe when he opened his mouth to take a bite , he hopped out .
I hope so .
It IS an amazing photo tho !
Fabulous capture !
Photographer found comment helpful .
Wow fantastic timing .
And poor frog :(
Photographer found comment helpful .
I love the title ( I liked the shot before the title as well ) .
Great colors and timing .
Photographer found comment helpful .
Classic , Funny and Sad all rolled in one .
Awesome shot .
Wonderful complimentary colors .
The POV tells a very drastic story from the big fat slimy frog 's perspective .
Now from the Tri-colored Heron 's perspective it is a happy happy ending with a nice full stomach .
What makes this photo is the fact it is not just a bird photo and it is not just a frog photo .
It is a photo showing the natural order of things in nature .
Well done .
Photographer found comment helpful .
lol , and wow : 10 !
Photographer found comment helpful .
spectacular shot - much patience I assume to capture !
congrats !
10/10 ...
Photographer found comment helpful .
great image
Photographer found comment helpful .
Ouch !
Great capture !
Photographer found comment helpful .
wow , but very disturbing for frogophiles !
Yesterday , a diarist at DailyKos pointed out some of the elements of the 2010 State Republican Party Platform of Texas , which include criminalizing sodomy and throwing anyone who issues a marriage license to a same - sex couple ( even though such licenses are not valid in the state ) into jail .
A portion :
CELEBRATING TRADITIONAL MARRIAGE
Family and Defense of Marriage –
We support the definition of marriage as a God–ordained , legal and moral commitment only between a natural man and a natural woman , which is the foundational unit of a healthy society , and we oppose the assault on marriage by judicial activists .
We call on the President and Congress to take immediate action to defend the sanctity of marriage .
We are resolute that Congress exercise authority under the United States Constitution , and pass legislation withholding jurisdiction from the Federal Courts in cases involving family law , especially any changes in the definition of marriage .
We further call on Congress to pass and the state legislatures to ratify a marriage amendment
declaring that marriage in the United States shall consist of and be recognized only as the union of a natural man and a natural woman .
Neither the United States nor any state shall recognize or grant to any unmarried person the legal rights or status of a spouse .
We oppose the recognition of and granting of benefits to people who represent themselves as domestic partners without being legally married .
We advocate the repeal of laws that place an unfair tax burden on families .
We call upon Congress to completely remove the marriage penalty in the tax code , whereby a married couple receives a smaller standard deduction than their unmarried counterparts living together .
The primary family unit consists of those related by blood , heterosexual marriage , or adoption .
The family is responsible for its own welfare , education , moral training , conduct , and property .
Family Values –
We affirm that this section is a response to the attacks on traditional family values .
These include well - funded , vigorous political and judicial attempts by powerful organizations and branches of the government to force acceptance , affirmation and normalization of homosexual behavior upon school children , parents , educational institutions , businesses , employees , government bodies and religious institutions and charities .
These aggressive , intolerant efforts marginalize as bigots anyone who dissents .
Marriage and Divorce –
We believe in the sanctity of marriage and that the integrity of this institution should be protected at all levels of government .
We urge the Legislature to rescind no–fault divorce laws .
We support Covenant Marriage .
Marriage Licenses –
We support legislation that would make it a felony to issue a marriage license to a same - sex couple and for any civil official to perform a marriage ceremony for such .
Homosexuality –
We believe that the practice of homosexuality tears at the fabric of society , contributes to the breakdown of the family unit , and leads to the spread of dangerous , communicable diseases .
Homosexual behavior is contrary to the fundamental , unchanging truths that have been ordained by God , recognized by our country ’s founders , and shared by the majority of Texans .
Homosexuality must not be presented as an acceptable “ alternative ” lifestyle in our public education and policy , nor should “ family ” be redefined to include homosexual “ couples . ”
We are opposed to any granting of special legal entitlements , refuse to recognize , or grant special privileges including , but not limited to : marriage between persons of the same sex ( regardless of state of origin ) , custody of children by homosexuals , homosexual partner insurance or retirement benefits .
We oppose any criminal or civil penalties against those who oppose homosexuality out of faith , conviction , or belief in traditional values .
Texas Sodomy Statutes –
We oppose the legalization of sodomy .
We demand that Congress exercise its authority granted by the U.S. Constitution to withhold jurisdiction from the federal courts from cases involving sodomy .
C’était attendu , et c’est fait .
Le décret n° 2010 - 872 du 26 juillet 2010 relatif à la procédure devant la commission de protection des droits de la Haute Autorité pour la diffusion des œuvres et la protection des droits sur internet ( Hadopi ) a été publié ce mardi au Journal Officiel .
Il s’agissait de la dernière brique législative nécessaire pour la mise en œuvre de la riposte graduée , qui devrait intervenir en septembre .
Le décret prévoit que les ayants doivent transmettre pour chaque saisine :
Les données à caractère personnel du fichier de l’Hadopi , tel que prévu au décret du 5 mars 2010 , lequel est toujours attaqué avec de bonnes chances de succès devant le Conseil d’Etat ;
Une déclaration sur l’honneur selon laquelle l’auteur de la saisine a qualité pour agir au nom du titulaire de droits sur l’œuvre ou l’objet protégé concerné par les faits .
Il précise que les FAI ont huit jours pour transmettre l’identité des abonnés à la Commission de protection des droits de l’Hadopi lorsqu’elle leur indique une adresse IP .
La Haute Autorité pourra par ailleurs leur demander de transmettre sous quinze jours les logs de connexion et autres données relatives au trafic détenues par les FAI .
Le décret prévoit des sanctions contre les opérateurs qui refuseraient de se soumettre à ces obligations , mais rien contre les ayants droit qui saisiraient abusivement l’Hadopi , par des relevés insuffisamment probants voire mensongers .
A l’égard des abonnés , le texte indique que lorsqu’elle est saisie d’une récidive dans un délai d’un an , la commission de protection des droits informe l’abonné par lettre recommandée que les faits sont « susceptibles de poursuite » .
Il peut alors présenter sous 15 jours ses observations , solliciter une audition , ou être convoqué d’office , et se faire assister par un conseil .
«
Elle l’invite également à préciser ses charges de famille et ses ressources « , précise le décret , ce qui devrait permettre à l ’Hadopi de modérer ses actions en fonction des foyers .
Comme au commissariat , l’audition de l’abonné donne lieu à un procès verbal signé , remis à l’intéressé .
Il fera foi lors des éventuelles poursuites , pour témoigner que l’abonné avait bien pris certains engagements devant l’Hadopi .
La décision de transmettre un dossier au parquet est prise à la majorité d’au moins deux voix de la commission de protection des droits .
A group seeking to buy the Phoenix Coyotes has not complied with terms that Glendale officials believe are required to pursue the purchase , city leaders confirm .
But Ice Edge Holdings and the National Hockey League say the deal is moving forward .
The dust - up is the latest in a series of negotiations between Glendale and at least two team bidders that have collapsed and resurfaced over a tortuous year for local hockey fans .
The group of Canadian and American investors was required to show Glendale proof of its financing last month in order to negotiate exclusively with the city and work on a detailed lease for the Coyotes to play at city - owned Jobing.com Arena .
At the deadline , Glendale said Ice Edge had submitted " some of the required financial information . "
City officials declined public records requests for more detail .
But on Monday , city spokeswoman Julie Frisoni revealed that Ice Edge has failed to submit some of the required documents , five weeks past the deadline .
She would not elaborate on the missing files .
Though the deadline for exclusivity is gone , Frisoni said , the city can still negotiate with Ice Edge .
But the clock is ticking .
The tentative agreement between Glendale and Ice Edge aimed to conclude negotiations Aug. 6 .
" We have a very tight timeline to make the deal , " Frisoni said .
Ice Edge spokesman Robert Johnson acknowledged the group has not begun arena lease talks with Glendale because it would be " putting the cart before the horse , " since the group has not yet bought the team from the NHL .
But last month , when Ice Edge said it had submitted proof of financing , Johnson said the group " now will begin its work with the city of Glendale to achieve expeditious completion of " the finalized arena lease .
Johnson also disputes the city 's claim that financing records are missing .
" We have submitted the documents we believe meet the requirements regarding the state of our financing , " he said .
" We remain confident of our ability to buy the team from the NHL . "
Johnson declined to say whether Ice Edge had secured financial backing .
Ice Edge CEO Anthony LeBlanc told The Arizona Republic in June that about half of the team purchase price would come from several of the group 's partners and bank loans would cover the remainder .
Johnson said the exclusivity agreement is " nice to have " but not necessary .
" Whether it exists or not has no impact on whether we can complete the purchase of the team , " Johnson said .
But the businessmen of Ice Edge previously hailed the exclusivity agreement as a victory in the quest to own their first professional hockey franchise .
They gained an advantage when Ice Edge 's rival bidder , a group led by Chicago sports mogul Jerry Reinsdorf , announced it would drop out the day before the exclusivity agreement was signed .
With exclusivity dead according to the city , Reinsdorf or any other interested party could potentially be in the midst of , or start , talks with Glendale and the NHL .
The league 's Deputy Commissioner Bill Daly dismissed online rumors Friday that the Ice Edge deal was in trouble .
" I know nothing about it .
It would be new news to me , " he wrote in an e-mail .
The great national drug panic du jour is a stinky stepsister to marijuana that , depending on who you ask , is a second - rate incense or a threat so dangerous lawmakers must ban it .
At least six states in the South and Midwest have banned the sale of brands of heady that claim to deliver marijuana - like highs .
These products , sold under names including Spice , K2 and Yucatan Fire incense , claim to be undetectable by most drug tests and legal to buy — though their legality is a tricky question .
Smoking the incense has sent dozens of people to the hospital nationwide .
The
has logged 20 calls about the weed wannabe since January .
But hard data is scarce on just who uses the drugs or how popular they are .
Outside of the score of toxicology cases , the substance has made barely a blip on the radar in Oregon .
“ We have not had any reports of it on our lines yet , ” says Tom Parker , spokesman for the
, which runs substance abuse hotlines .
The few calls may show that Oregon has little need for imitations .
Pacific coast pot is potent and plentiful — Oregon , California and Washington are generally ranked among the Top 10 marijuana growing states .
And the tweed is cheaper : Spice , for instance , sells for around $ 35 for a 3 - gram pouch .
Or the lack of calls could reflect generally tame experiences with the product .
It ’s possible that the packets contain mostly benign herbs with no effect .
Or they could have effects much like marijuana , which causes relatively few emergency medical calls .
Tests have turned up marijuana - like chemicals in some samples of the incense .
The
last year tested samples of Spice , Genie and Yucatan Fire shipped through a DHL center in Ohio and found — in addition to lots of Vitamin E — “ very small but verifiable amounts ” of the psychoactive chemical
.
The DEA scientists declared the products “ stealth marijuana . ”
, associate medical director of the Oregon Poison Center , says HU - 210 is a synthetic “ cannabinoid , ” a chemical that affects the same molecules in the brain as THC , one of marijuana ’s main psychoactive components .
The chemical mostly is used by lab scientists to study how these parts of the brain work , he says .
“ Basically , somebody took these chemicals from a lab and sprayed in on potpourri , ” says Hendrickson , a toxicologist at Oregon Health & Science University .
Tests of the incense have also found “ a whole bunch of other things , ” he says .
Since the product is sold as incense , it ’s not regulated like a food or drug , so “ there ’s nothing to stop a manufacturer from putting anything they want in there . ”
That uncertainty is what worries many people .
“ The labels do n’t say what it has in it , ” Hendrickson says .
“ And we have no idea how it ’s going to affect the individual . ”
Without a standard composition , it ’s hard to say how the drug would affect someone .
But most patients who have showed up in Oregon emergency rooms seem to have symptoms similar to taking too many stimulants , including high blood pressure and tremors .
“ There ’s even been a couple of seizures reported , ” Hendrickson says .
Doctors generally find out about the fake marijuana when the patients admit to having used it , he says .
Health workers usually sedate the patient for a couple of hours while the drug works through the system .
So far , Hendrickson says , he has n’t seen any long - term problems .
What legal problems Spice smokers might suffer is unclear .
It ’s legal buy incense or products made of legal herbs that claim to have marijuana - like effects , such as
.
But THC and related chemicals , including HU - 210 , are schedule I controlled substances in the United States alongside heroin , ecstasy and LSD .
Several European and Asian nations have passed laws against the drug or its main marijuana - like chemical components .
And several more U.S. states are considering a ban .
Spokespeople for Oregon ’s departments of justice and human services say they are not focusing on the incense now .
I testified last week to the Chilcot inquiry .
My experience demonstrates an emerging and dangerous problem with the process .
This is not so much a problem with Sir John Chilcot and his panel , but rather with the government bureaucracy – Britain 's own " deep state " – that is covering up its mistakes and denying access to critical documents .
There is only one solution to this problem , and it requires decisive action .
After I was invited to testify , I was contacted by the Foreign Office , from which I had resigned after giving testimony to the Butler inquiry in 2004 , to offer its support for my appearance .
I asked for access to all the documents I had worked on as Britain 's Iraq " expert " at the UN Security Council , including intelligence assessments , records of discussions with the US , and the long paper trail on the WMD dossier .
Large files were sent to me to peruse at the UK mission to the UN .
However , long hours spent reviewing the files revealed that most of the key documents I had asked for were not there .
In my testimony I had planned to detail how the UK government failed to consider , let alone implement , available alternatives to military action .
To support this I had asked for specific records relating to the UK 's failure to deal with the so - called Syrian pipeline , through which Iraq illegally exported oil , thereby sustaining the Saddam regime .
I was told that specific documents , such as the records of prime minister Tony Blair 's visit to Syria , could not be found .
This is simply not plausible .
I had also asked for all the Joint Intelligence Committee assessments on Iraq , some of which I helped prepare .
Of dozens of these documents , only three were provided to me – 40 minutes before I was due to appear before the Chilcot panel .
Playing by the rules , I had submitted my written testimony to Chilcot before my appearance .
In the hours before my appearance , invited to visit the Foreign Office to see further documents ( mostly irrelevant ) , an official repeatedly sought to persuade me to delete references to certain documents in my testimony .
He told me that the Cabinet Office wanted the removal of a critical reference in my evidence to a memo from a senior Foreign Office official to the foreign secretary 's special adviser , in which the official pointed out , with mandarin understatement , that the paper sent that week to the Parliamentary Labour Party dramatically – and inaccurately – altered the UK 's assessment of Iraq 's nuclear threat .
In a clear example of the exaggeration of Iraq 's military capabilities , that paper claimed that if Iraq 's programmes remained unchecked , it could develop a nuclear device within five years .
The official 's memo pointed out that this was not , in fact , the UK assessment : the UK believed that Iraq 's nuclear programme had been checked by sanctions .
The paper to the PLP was instead sent by the foreign secretary to " brief " the wider cabinet .
This paper was pure overstated propaganda , filled with ludicrous statements like " one teaspoon of anthrax can kill a million people " .
The paper was soon made public , as part of the campaign to create public hysteria .
The official 's memo about the PLP paper contained nothing secret .
It relates to a public document , the PLP paper .
Yet , of all the references in my testimony , this was the one that the Cabinet Office most wanted removed .
I refused .
Strikingly , this memo has never been mentioned to the inquiry , including by its author , who testified earlier this year .
Neither has the author of the PLP paper been questioned , or the paper itself discussed .
I was repeatedly warned by inquiry staff not to mention any classified material during my testimony .
The only problem is that almost every document I ever wrote or read in my work was classified .
It was made clear to me , and to journalists attending the hearing , that if I mentioned specific documents the broadcast of my testimony would be cut off .
Other forms of retribution ( Official Secrets Act prosecution ? ) hung in the air .
It was a form of subtle intimidation .
Meanwhile , my requests to see documents about the infamous Number 10 WMD dossier were ignored , including requests for letters I had written .
This experience and the inquiry 's record so far is cause for concern .
It is clear from testimonies so far that most witnesses , most of whom went along with the war at the time , are offering a very one - sided account to the panel .
A story is being peddled that sanctions on Iraq were collapsing and the allied policy of containment was failing .
Thus , the military alternative to deal with the Iraqi threat was more or less unavoidable .
Though there is some truth to this argument , it was not what the Foreign Office , or the government as a whole , believed at the time .
The true story is there to be seen in the documents .
In memos , submissions to ministers and telegrams , the official view is very clear : while there was concern at the erosion of sanctions , containment had prevented Iraq from rearmament .
When invasion was promoted by Washington , the available alternative – to squeeze Saddam financially by stopping oil exports or seizing the regime 's assets , which I and some colleagues had repeatedlyadvocated , was ignored .
Here the documents tell a different but equally clear and appalling story : there is not a single mention of any formal discussion , by ministers or officials , of alternatives to military action .
It is hard to pinpoint a graver indictment of the government 's failure .
The oral testimonies delivered to the inquiry have not given an accurate picture of what the government really thought .
Unfortunately , the panel is neither equipped , nor apparently inclined , to challenge witnesses on the contradictions of their testimonies with this documentary record .
This may not be the panel 's fault : how can they know which pertinent documents exist ?
In these circumstances , it is very worrying that the government machine is still trying to withhold key documents , and silence those of us with detailed knowledge of the policy history – and documents .
I have been told too , from secondary sources , that members of the panel have been refused documents they have specifically requested .
There is a clear solution to these problems : break down the continued obstruction by the bureaucracy by releasing the documents – all of them .
Only the most secret documents deserve continued protection , and there are very few of these .
The vast majority of relevant documents relate to policy discussion inside the government before the war .
Though profoundly embarrassing , there is little here that damages national security , except in the hysterical assessment of officials protecting their own reputation .
Nick Clegg said a few weeks ago that almost all documents must now be released .
He is right .
Carne Ross was the UK's Iraq expert at the UN from 1997 to 2002 .
He now heads Independent Diplomat , a non-profit diplomatic advisory group .
On a gloomy recent morning in West Oakland , tenants at the David Gray Building — or , Off - Ramp Studios , as everyone who lives there calls it — stood in the hallways outside their lofts .
They gathered around their doors in nervous clusters and spoke in hushed tones , wondering aloud whether they should head to work or stay and observe while two Oakland police officers , two building services code enforcers , a fire inspector , and three property management representatives entered all of their units one by one .
Traditionally the entire procedure would have required a search warrant .
But on this day , the group of cops and city officials were operating under a little - known Oakland city program , called " SMART " — Specialized Multi-Agency Response Team — that some legal experts say may be unconstitutional .
That 's because they enter people 's homes without consent or a warrant .
At the Off - Ramp Studios , they also entered one loft when no one was home .
It was Unit 103 .
They knocked on the locked door and got no response .
After about a minute of waiting , the building manager , who was carrying a tray of keys , opened the door , and everyone entered .
Inside were the remnants of a large , multi - level grow operation , including what appeared to be psilocybin mushroom caps and potted marijuana plants that had been sawed off .
There also was evidence of methamphetamine production , according to fire inspector Vincent Crudele , who called the unit a potential felony crime scene .
The officers hauled away large Ziplock bags filled with evidence seized from the inspection , and Crudele ordered the unit to be completely cleaned out by property management within 48 hours .
A week prior to the search , Crudele showed up at the Off - Ramp for a preliminary check in response to complaints from one tenant about an open party being planned by another tenant , said Frank Flores , director of development for Madison Park , the building 's leasing agent .
Crudele said he noticed the smell of marijuana emanating from one particular unit — 103 — and decided then to schedule the SMART inspection for one week later .
For Crudele , having police officers accompany city inspectors during a SMART inspection ensures security in potentially volatile situations .
" It 's a safety issue for us , " he said .
" We have limited policing capabilities .
If part of the populace is doing something illegal — that creates a problem for me .
They may not want to cooperate . "
However , Northern California ACLU staff attorney Michael Risher questioned the legality of searching people 's homes without a warrant or consent .
He also argued that it 's not all that burdensome to go down to the courthouse , swear - out an affidavit , and get a legitimate search warrant to look for illegal drugs or real safety hazards .
Risher said there are really only three ways for state agents to legally enter a private residence — with consent , with a warrant , or in an emergency .
The SMART inspection is a warrantless process .
And considering the fact that a week passed between Crudele 's first sniff of the wafting marijuana and the actual inspection , this does n't qualify as an emergency either , Risher said .
" Your home is your castle whether you rent a room in downtown Oakland or own a mansion in the hills , " Risher said .
" If you live in your apartment , it 's your apartment .
The landlord cannot give police access .
There are statutory and constitutional problems with that . "
Crudele , however , argued that the point of the search was community safety .
" The ultimate goal of a SMART inspection is to bring a building into code for a better quality of living for everyone there , " Crudele said .
" It 's not an attempt to impede any civil liberties or control anybody 's life . "
But was this truly a safety and code enforcement inspection or a drug bust in disguise ?
The answer appears to be a bit of both .
After all , in addition to the incriminating drug evidence , the inspection revealed hundreds of extension cords , taped - open fuses , and a jerry - rigged greenhouse with a lot of fans and wood — a veritable fire - bomb waiting to happen , Crudele said .
" It 's like having hay bales in a room made out of 100 - year - old wood with hot air running through and drying it out , " he added .
But the legal murkiness of the inspections are problematic , Risher said .
And from a legal - procedural standpoint , it appears that few within the City of Oakland are aware of what exactly a SMART inspection is and what justifies one .
City Attorney 's Office spokesman Alex Katz declined to comment for this story , other than to confirm that the SMART inspections have been happening for years .
Of the Off - Ramp search , Oakland Deputy Fire Chief James Williams said , " As far as I know , that 's the first one I 'm aware of generated by the fire department . "
A few days prior to the search of the Off - Ramp Studios , Madison Park had taped a letter on the tenants ' doors announcing the event .
It said the Oakland Fire Marshall , city building services , and Oakland police had issued a notice of intent to inspect the entire building , each and every unit ( in bold lettering ) , without exception .
Many of Off - Ramp 's residents said it was common knowledge among the tenants and the management that there were marijuana grow operations going on in some units .
" We 're a little embarrassed about how far that tenant got , " Flores of Madison Park said .
The residents , however , appeared to be united in their concern about the inspection .
" They have n't made their intentions clear , which is disconcerting , " said Ryan Mock .
" Without informing people of their intentions , it comes across as a drug raid or just really bad PR . "
Kevin Wansley , who lives across the hall from Mock , agreed .
" I do n't have anything to hide , " he said , " but I 'm not comfortable with it . "
The residents also expressed irritation with Madison Park and the company 's unwillingness to stand up for tenants or to articulate exactly what the inspection was all about in the initial notice .
" We told everyone we were coming in , " Flores responded .
" Regardless of what it said on the notice , we were inviting everyone with us .
I think everybody was open to us coming in . "
But Unit 103 's tenant certainly was not .
During a phone interview , the tenant , who agreed to talk for this story and to allow the Express to publish photos of his unit if he could remain anonymous , said he was upset about the fact that his loft was entered and searched without his consent and that he came home to a demolished unit .
He claimed that Madison Park 's crew destroyed roughly $ 3,000 worth of various concert memorabilia and housewares in the Crudele - ordered remediation process .
" It 's insane that any corporation can do this , " he said .
As of late last week , he also was not certain whether he 's being charged with anything or if there 's a warrant out for his arrest .
The latest poll by Democracy Corps , the firm of James Carville and Stan Greenberg , has Republicans leading on the generic ballot among likely voters , 48 percent to 42 percent .
Deep in the poll , they ask , “ Now , I am going to read you a list of words and phrases which people use to describe political figures .
For each word or phrase , please tell me whether it describes Barack Obama very well , well , not too well , or not well at all . ”
On “ too liberal , ” 35 percent of likely voters say it describes Obama “ very well , ” 21 percent say “ well , ” 21 percent say “ not too well , ” and 17 percent say “ not well at all . ”
In other words , 56 percent of likely voters consider Obama too liberal .
When asked about “ a socialist , ” 33 percent of likely voters say it describes Obama “ very well , ” 22 percent say “ well , ” 15 percent say “ not too well , ” and 25 percent say “ not well at all . ”
In other words , 55 percent of likely voters think “ socialist ” is a reasonably accurate way of describing Obama .
“ My hope and prayer is also that we do that in a way which does not so violently disrupt some of our common life and some important features of it , that we actually lose one another in the process . ”
Jolicloud is a Linux - based operating system for netbooks .
It is built upon Ubuntu and the earlier versions had a user interface which is quite similar to Ubuntu Netbook Remix .
However , with Jolicloud 1.0 , which has been launched just a few days back , things have changed .
Instead of the old interface , Jolicloud 1.0 now has a HTML5 based interface .
In Jolicloud can use native Linux applications or web applications .
However , with the HTML5 UI , they are blurring the difference between the two .
Moreover , the new UI have simplified installing applications a lot .
Another very interesting feature with Joilcloud is that , with its strong focus on the cloud , it is ultra-portable .
All your machines with Jolicloud will be synchronized .
If you install an application in one machine , you do not have to do it again in the other ; its syncing functionalities take care of it .
Even if you are in a computer which is not running Jolicloud , you can still manage it from a browser which supports HTML5 .
There is also a new App Center with over 700 free apps .
If you like an app , you can share it through the Social Stream , another new addition to Jolicloud 1.0 .
The guys at NetbookNews have already got their hand it .
Check out their video :
[ via Jolicloud Blog ]
arrested - development - 490.jpg
So we were talking to Will Arnett the other day .
Do n’t ask why — all shall be revealed in a month or so .
But as you may or may not know , Arnett returns to TV in September as the star of " Running Wilde , " his next collaboration with " Arrested Development " creator Mitch Hurwitz .
And as you may or may not know , " Arrested Development " is one of the great sitcoms of the last decade , possibly ever .
Fans of the show ( like all of us here at GQ ) are frothing , devout , unreasonable creatures , and ever since Hurwitz and Co. dangled the prospect of an " Arrested Development " movie in front of us a few years back , we ’ve been like Gollum chasing after the One Ring .
We wants it .
We neeeeeds it ...
But like Gollum , we ’ve been thwarted .
At various junctures , the movie has been on , it ’s been off , crucial cast members have been in , then they ’ve pulled out , yada yada yada .
And all along , the project has been shrouded in rumor .
Last we heard , the " Arrested " movie was not happening .
Sigh .
But !
Then we were talking to Will Arnett .
And this is what he said : " Yes , it ’s happening . "
He went on , but here ’s the upshot : there is a script — !!!— but it is not finished ; all of the principle cast members are on board , but there is no timetable to actually make the movie .
So then we called Mitch Hurwitz to make sure that our ears did not deceive us and that Arnett was n’t just pulling our leg .
They did n’t , and he was n’t .
" Believe it or not , we have started the script , " Hurwitz told GQ .
( And by " we , " he means himself and " Arrested " co-ecutive producer Jim Vallely . )
" We ’re taking a little abeyance while we get [ ’ Running Wilde ’ ] up and running .
But it is our absolute next priority and we ca n’t wait to do it . "
So , rejoice !
Hurwitz also had a bit more to say : " We ’re changing some of the Bush references to Obama because we started it awhile ago .
And the Bluths may not be vacationing in the Gulf of Mexico anymore .
We also might have to recast the part of Uncle Mel , the former action movie star .
But other than that we have a clear path . "
Of course , the question remains when the movie will actually happen .
And that ’s still the hard part , seeing as it will require the coordination of about a dozen very busy schedules .
" As Mitch likes to say , " Arnett told us , " we ’re just going to wait until there ’s zero interest , and that ’s when we ’ll do it . "
In the meantime , Hurwitz asked us to pass along an apology to " Arrested " fans for the air of mystery around the movie .
" Believe it or not , " he says , " I do not enjoy teasing our wonderful and devoted audience , which is one reason it appears that I ’ve been so cagey about this .
It ’s just that I do n’t want to promise what I ca n’t deliver . "
Fair enough .
And in that spirit , we promise not to run naked through the streets in celebration .
WASHINGTON ( MarketWatch ) --
Analysts are bracing for a jobs report on Friday that -- in contrast to the more positive past employment data of this year -- is expected to range somewhere between bad and plain awful .
" Double - dip fears are the tune of the moment , " said the economic team at RDQ Economics in a note to clients .
For most of the year , the job data was widely expected to confirm the recession was over and the economy was back on firm footing .
Job growth of 208,000 in March and 290,000 in April seemed to suggest as much .
Analysts were frustrated as other data failed to confirm the good news .
Then came the disappointing 41,000 gain in private jobs in May , telling a different story of a very , very grudging labor market and an economy that is losing momentum as government stimulus wanes .
Spending and confidence data has seemed to confirm this grim view .
Reports earlier this year allowed investors to live in " fantasy land , " said Josh Shapiro , chief U.S. economist at MFR Inc .
The May report was the only one that " made sense " given the other data , he said .
Shapiro expects only a 50,000 - gain in private sector jobs in June .
The consensus forecast of Wall Street economists conducted at the beginning of the week called for 115,000 private sector jobs created .
See economic calendar .
While this would be an improvement from 41,000 jobs created May , it would still be disappointing , said Mike Moran , economist at Daiwa Securities .
Only job growth above 150,000 would be considered a positive development , Moran said .
Economists are focusing this month on " private sector " jobs because it is a virtual certainty that there will be a big drop in total payrolls .
The government has already announced that it let go 250,000 temporary census workers in June .
As a result , economists expect total payroll to drop by 130,000 in June after rising 431,000 last month .
Economists expect the jobless rate to tick up to 9.8 % in June from 9.7 % in May .
" I do n't think it is coming down anytime soon , " said Shapiro .
Long - time unemployment workers who are not counted on official statistics because they 've given up looking for work will rush back into the labor market at the first sign of improvement , putting continued upward pressure on the jobless rate , Shapiro said .
The most recent data on the job market has been troublesome .
Jobless claims rose 13,000 to 472,000 in the latest week and the four - week moving average rose to its highest level since the beginning of the month .
Read MarketWatch complete report on jobless claims data .
In another sign of tepid growth , U.S. private - sector firms created a lackluster 13,000 jobs in June , according to the ADP employment report released Wednesday .
See full story .
The economic team at Action Economics said the data has taken a 20,000 chunk out of their prior payroll forecast .
They now see only 80,000 private sector jobs created in June .
Success Factors in These Relationships
One common criticism of polyamory is that it tends to be something that 's only undertaken in the short term or when people have n't found the " right partner " .
I have observed some people do it for reasons that are not conducive to building a healthy long - term relationship .
However , I do believe that stable long - term polyamory is possible , and I have looked to find examples of couples in stable long - term open relationships .
Most of the polyamorous people I know have only been together for a few years at most .
As a result , I 've been curious to find someone who studies open relationships with the same level of detail and scientific rigor as John Gottman uses to study relationships in general .
Unfortunately no such person exists but I did find a PhD student ( Elaine Cook ) who sought out stable long - term polyamorous couples to see what they all have in common .
Everyone in the study had been in an open relationship for at least 5 years , You can read the full journal article here and the fully - in depth master 's thesis here , but if you wish to quite literally jump to conclusions , read on : Most of the conclusions about what is necessary for long - term polyamory seemed quite applicable to relationships in general -- appreciation of your partner , closeness , clear communication , good listening skills , willingness to be flexible .
Here 's what popped out that was specific to polyamory :-
Willingness to deal with jealousy and not let it become a controlling influence .-
Willingness to strip off the cultural baggage associated with the act of sex . -
Willingness to see the issues that come up in the relationship as a result of polyamory as growth opportunities . -
Willingness to approach adherence to relationship agreements in a flexible way instead of a lawyer - like way .
Agreements may need to change over time .-
Not having the main reason for pursuing polyamory be the desire to have secondary partners as ways of filling needs that are not met by the primary relationship .
From the original article :
There are some common factors in these long term polyamorous relationships that might provides clues as to why they have been successful .
Appreciation
One thing that stands out in the interviews is the level of appreciation expressed by the respondents .
They have a great deal of appreciation for each other and for their relationship .
They want to be together , they enjoy their relationships .
Some of this comes from a sense of shared history .
Some appreciate the effort that the other has put into the relationship in difficult times , or the other 's willingness at times to relax the agreements they have made .
Some of the respondents seem to dwell on what it is that they like about each other and the good things that they have together .
Appreciation can be helpful for any relationship .
Gottman and DeClaire remarked that " Our research shows that married couples who regularly express their appreciation for each other have much happier , stronger marriages " ( 2001 , p. 79 ) .
They include an exercise on how to " transform a crabby , critical habit of mind to one that praises and appreciates . "
The relationships examined in this study are in accord with their findings .
Closeness
Perhaps related to appreciation , the participants expressed a sense of closeness to their primary partner .
Several expressed the sense that they just keep getting closer and closer .
Some feel an underlying closeness even if they are currently experiencing some tension or are in the midst of reworking their agreements .
Since only committed couples were included in the study , perhaps couples who do not feel close to each other have been weeded out .
However , if that is the case , it adds credibility to the idea that nurturing a sense of closeness is one of the ways to help maintain commitment .
What is interesting is that for some of these couples , being polyamorous appears to have increased their sense of closeness and their commitment to each other .
Some of this closeness appears to be a result of the communication needed to manage a polyamorous relationship .
Communication
As Lizful noted , the level of honesty and communication required to be polyamorous is one that all couples should practice , but it is required for polyamory to work .
Communication and honesty were mentioned repeatedly as vital to maintaining poly relationships .
As Mary mentioned , being polyamorous " is forcing us to communicate , and that 's always a good thing . "
Jackie noted that in a monogamous relationship , " there is n't that constant need to maintain communication . "
Good communication was seen by the participants as both a requirement to make their relationships work , and a benefit of being in a poly relationship .
Willingness to Change
All of the respondents have had to make changes in their relationships , changes which are not part of the standard expected experience of marriage .
They have had to listen to their partner 's expressed needs and desires , and work with their partner to figure out what works for both of them .
They have had to be adaptable .
We might speculate that someone with fairly rigid ideas of how things should be done might have a difficult time in a polyamorous relationship , or in any long term relationship .
Willingness to Deal with Jealousy
While a few of the participants did not experience any jealousy , most of them have had to find ways to avoid letting it control them .
They have been willing to face it and let it pass .
They have actively worked on finding ways to reduce its hold on them , and on helping their partners manage it as well .
Flexibility and the Relative Importance of Desires
The issues that Carol and Pseud were trying to work through related to veto power and their agreement to spend nights together have some very interesting implications for what enables a couple to stay together happily .
Carol had the wisdom to recognize that acquiescing to Pseud 's desire to spend all their nights together when she very much wanted to spend the night with Joanie would not be healthy .
She saw only two good choices .
One was surrender , " meaning let go of my want , honor his want , and do it in a way of love so that I do n't resent it . "
Since she was not able to do that , she had to take the other option , namely to keep talking about what she wanted and needed , even though that involved a lot of crying .
She had to stand up for her needs and desires .
Pseud was able to recognize that Carol 's desire for a night with Joanie was more important than his desire for her to come home .
As he said , it was not a deal breaker .
He did not want her to feel resentment towards him , so he was willing to let go of their agreement , or at least to loosen it .
This incident points to the limitation of agreements .
Limitation of Agreements
Agreements can be helpful , but they also need to be flexible .
What one person agrees to at one point in a relationship is not necessarily what will work twenty , ten , five or even one year later .
There can come a point when one person says , enough , I can't do this any more .
The partner can try to hold him or her to the agreement , but at that point that will likely lead either to resentment and a deterioration of the relationship , or to a breakup .
If both partners can be flexible , and do as Carol mentioned ( which is look for a win- win resolution ) then the relationship , with modified agreements , is more likely to survive .
A corollary to this is that , as Schnarch ( 1998 ) pointed out , when your partner 's happiness is as important to you as your own happiness ( as happens when people love each other ) , it is in your self interest to find a way to do the things that will make your partner happy .
In a healthy relationship this could lead a couple to assess the relative importance of their desires in a particular situation , and give priority to the person with the stronger need or desire .
As long as both partners are doing this with a willingness to be flexible , they are more likely to create the kind of relationship that will work for both of them .
Agreements are also limited by the willingness of the people involved to stretch and push their boundaries .
Moving at the pace of the slowest person worked for Mary and Fred , because there was movement .
They moved forward at a pace they both felt comfortable with .
In poly groups an agreement to move at the pace of the slowest is often promoted ; however , there is also discussion of the problem that occurs when the slowest person stops moving .
In principle he or she may be willing to allow his or her partner to have other relationships , but in practice there is always some reason the particular one in question is unacceptable .
At some point such agreements are likely to break down .
Heartshare
Couples sometimes have opposing desires which they both feel very strongly about .
For couples in the study , it could have to do with polyamory , but it could just as easily have to do with whether or not to have children , or where to live , or many other types of choices that have to be made .
How can these be resolved ?
Lizful mentioned a process which had been extremely helpful for her and Paul , called the heartshare , which she said they learned from an article by the UV Family ( the UV Family is a group of people dedicated to exploring new territory in relationships .
For information about them , see www.context.org/ICLIB/IC10/UVFamily.htm).
She described it as follows :
You sit down and one person is the initiator , you sit down and the initiator simply talks for as long as it's necessary to do it .
Basically it 's coming from , this is what I 'm feeling , this is what 's going on , this is - I 'm opening to you , trusting you to not get hurt personally , to be able to take it .
It 's not venting …
This is n't trying to punch somebody out .
It 's basically a no -holds - barred opening .
And the business of the person who 's listening is to totally refrain from not only saying anything , because you must remain completely silent , but you do n't start building your rebuttal in your mind .
You do n't do anything other than hear .
You just fucking listen .
And then , when it 's run its course , the listener can say , Can you talk to me more about this ?
I 'm not sure that I got that .
Or , if I tried to express something back to you like this , would I be saying it right ?
And then that 's it .
There 's no rebuttal .
Now you can turn around the other way , and the other person does their own , but it 's not on the basis of what you just said .
It 's not a response .
It 's what the other person would have said if they went first .
And then that 's it .
That 's it .
And you 'd think , by god , there 's no communication , oh yes there is …
It 's absolutely mutually agreed that … the only thing that 's going to flow from it is an embrace , and if there 's something that wants further clarification , then you do .
And that has been - oh , it 's made such a difference .
Other Observations
Unmet Needs
A common comment used to justify polyamory is that one person should not have to ( or cannot ) meet all of another person 's needs .
This type of comment showed up during the interviews , and the author has heard it many times elsewhere .
However , this did not really seem to be a prime motivator in the study sample .
For two women , being polyamorous allowed them to have emotional and sexual relationships with both women and men , although in one of those cases , the woman identifies as a lesbian , and her male primary partner is " grandfathered " in .
( None of the men indicated a romantic or sexual interest in other men , though there are many men in the poly community in general who are bisexual ) .
In some cases , one person enjoys some particular types of sexual activities with his or her secondary partner that the primary partner is not interested in , but that seemed to be a benefit rather than the motivating force behind the secondary relationship .
Some people recognized that they were not successful at monogamy .
Annie mentioned that she and Jerry agreed that since they had both failed at monogamy , they would not attempt it again .
Perhaps this could be construed as polyamory helping them meet their need or desire for multiple partners .
The Meaning of Sex and Intimacy
In the monogamous paradigm , as discussed in the review of literature , sexual intimacy needs to be reserved for one person .
The participants in this study have created a different meaning for sex and intimacy , one that allows them to maintain a strong primary bond with one other person while also allowing them to experience closeness , connection , intimacy and sexuality with other people as well .
As described above , Mary and Carol both explicitly commented on the meaning of sex .
Mary noted that experiencing a shift in the meaning of sex had allowed her to become open to polyamory , and Carol described how she consciously created a meaning that allowed her to keep her relationship with Joanie from becoming threatening to her primary relationship .
Mint ( 2004 ) noted that the enforcement of monogamous behavior extends well beyond actual sexual behavior and includes restrictions on " Spending time alone with someone … , holding hands , and of course flirting , touching , or smiling too much .
All of these actions are signifiers of a possible sexual relationship in our culture , and this is what makes them socially dangerous " ( p. 60 ) .
Some people who are polyamorous have redefined the meaning of touch as well as of sex so that it is no longer necessarily dangerous .
This is shown in Carol 's observation that in her experience polyamorous people were more open to sensuality and touch .
Redefining the meaning of sex , intimacy , and touch allows people greater opportunities for having those experiences .
It gives them a greater choice in how they relate with other people and allows them to explore what types of activities are most satisfying for them .
A Crucible for Growth
Schnarch ( 1991 , 1998 ) proposed that the monogamy provides a crucible for growth .
He suggested that the purpose of monogamous marriage was to produce differentiation : integrity , the ability to stand up for what you believe in , the ability to maintain a clear sense of self in close proximity to a partner .
This requires the willingness to risk your partner 's displeasure rather than letting the relationship deteriorate because talking about what you really want seems too risky .
He stated that other relationships detract from this .
This might be true for clandestine affairs , which allow people to meet their sexual needs without having to confront their partner .
However , when people are open and honest about their relationships , it appears that they have to grow and engage in the type of communication and confrontation which encourages differentiation .
As Evelyn commented , polyamory tends to be a crucible .
It forces growth - or the couple may split up .
Making conscious choices may be a greater factor in differentiation than the particular choice ( such as whether or not to be monogamous ) .
On Being a Couple
The respondents appreciated having the daily connection with another person and the ongoing support they found in their relationship .
However , some of them could imagine the same benefits in a triad or larger configuration of committed partners .
Some appreciated the ease of fitting into society as part of a couple , as well as the practical benefits that come from marriage ( such as tax or health insurance benefits ) .
Some also noted the growth opportunities that come with a long term relationship .
Oprah ’s down in the basement , looking for her lost viewers .
“ The Oprah Winfrey Show ” hit an all - time ratings low for the week of June 28 , averaging a 2.9 — the first time in the show ’s 24 - year history it fell below the 3.0 mark .
“ Oprah ” averaged 3.8 million viewers — good enough for eighth among all syndicated shows but almost 2 million viewers less than daytime ’s reigning champ , “ Judge Judy , ” which has now beaten “ Oprah ” 14 out of the past 16 weeks .
“ Oprah ” was also down 15 percent from the previous week and was off 9 percent from the same week last year .
To be fair , it was the week leading into a holiday and “ Oprah ” has been in repeats since May — but so has nearly every other daytime show in the summer season .
( “ Judge Judy ” was also in repeats that week . )
The week of June 28 also included preemptions for Wimbledon tennis on NBC stations .
“ Oprah , ” which airs mostly on ABC stations , especially in the larger markets , was preempted in 14 markets .
“ Oprah ” is entering its 25th and final season .
“ Although the ratings for our summer reruns have declined since last year , ‘ The Oprah Winfrey Show ’ continues to hold its place as the No. 1 daytime talk show for the last 24 years , ” a spokesman said yesterday .
Laura trashed their library : Teacher 's social media plea nets donations from across US
Riz Wakil will use a surfing lesson from Tony Abbott to tell the federal opposition leader about the plight of refugees and his own success story .
The Afghan refugee , who spent nine months in the Curtin Detention Centre courtesy of the previous Howard government , was among a group of six who made a successful $ 16,100 charity auction bid on Wednesday to surf with Mr Abbott .
' He 's a human being ' ... Afghan refugee Riz Wakil is looking forward to his surfing lesson with Tony Abbott .
Credit : Kirk Gilmour
Mr Wakil , now an Australian citizen , is hoping to convince Mr Abbott to take a more humane approach to refugees .
‘‘ He ’s a human being like you and me , his heart beats like us , ’’ he told ABC Radio today .
I first proposed a " head - fake " in the price of oil in 2008 .
My thesis was that the oil exporting nations had become so dependent on revenues from oil that even as prices plummeted in global recession , they would have no choice financially and politically to pumping every barrel they could .
This would increase supply even as demand fell , causing prices to crash .
This dynamic would drive prices down to lows which are widely considered " impossible " in an era of looming Peak Oil .
Oil : One Last Head - Fake ?
( May 9 , 2008 )
Since that entry was published in May 2008 , oil shot up to $ 149 / barrel and then sank to $ 40 a mere 18 months later - - a nearly 75 % decline in less than two years .
My updated " head - fake " scenario explains why alternative energy will never " pencil out " financially until it 's too late : wild price swings will always undermine the financial viability of alternative energy .
What advocates of a smooth , seamless transition from the era of near - total dependence on fossil fuels to an era which draws upon many energy sources ( a.k.a. " alternative energy " ) fail to grasp is the pernicious consequences of open - market pricing being set on the margins .
That is , if oil supply drops 10 % from 84 million barrels a day ( MBD ) to 76 MBD , the price of oil will not rise a corresponding 10 % -- it will very likely double as the competition for the last few million barrels a day -- the supply on the margin -- becomes fierce .
The reason is basic : there is no alternative as yet for oil - - not even natural gas .
In classic economics , the world will magically switch to some other alternative if prices get too high .
The flies in this classic ointment are what I call the FEW essentials : food , energy and water : there are no " easy " alternatives and thus no upper limits on price .
As a result , oil and gas will experience increasing volatility in price as marginal supply and demand rise and fall .
Back in the late 1990s we were driving on back roads through the California desert when we happened upon a vast , abandoned solar power installation .
Hundreds of steel panel mountings were laid out in a grid ; the facility was fenced off and rusting .
The story behind the abandoned solar plant was easy to fill in : what made sense when oil was climbing no longer made sense when oil plummeted to $ 15 / barrel in 1998 .
This is the story which repeats every time oil crashes in price : alternative energy projects no longer " pencil out " financially so they are abandoned .
Elected officials who supported subsidizing alternative energy projects are mocked as foolish enemies of the free market and their projects cancelled as costly boondoggles .
Then , a year or two later , oil prices spike up and interest in alt energy comes back .
By then , of course , the financing , partnerships , manufacturing chain , permits and all the rest of the hideously costly and time - consuming process has been lost , and the new project must start from scratch .
By the time the project is about to begin construction , global recession once again drives down demand and prices fall below the level that is considered " the bottom line " at which alt energy is profitable .
So the project is once again scaled back or abandoned .
The consequence of this dynamic are clear : alt energy will never " pencil out " long enough to reach critical mass , and thus there will not be any alternative system in place when oil supply falls far below demand .
I 've prepared this chart of the dynamic :
Forecasts of oil prices tend to assume supply and demand will incrementally adjust to maintain parity ; standard - issue economists assume that new discoveries will keep supply if not rising , then at least stable at 85 million barrels a day .
These assumptions have zero basis in reality .
As history abundantly shows , the price of oil ( in any currency or in gold ) experiences huge swings in price , and I expect these swings to become more frequent and increasingly volatile .
As for new discoveries -- if oil is so plentiful , why are we drilling in deep water just to recover a mere three weeks ' supply of U.S. demand ?
The truth is there have been no super - giant discoveries in over 40 years , and the fields which are trumpeted as " big " are pathetically modest .
A billion - barrel field will take years to develop and pump , yet that is a mere two months supply for the U.S. which consumes 19 million barrels a day and pumps about 4 MBD domestically .
Free -market advocates tend to possess a quasi-religious faith in the market 's " invisible hand " to resolve any shortages , but as I have described in depth in Survival + , the market does not price in every value ; it ignores the value of " shared resources " such as air ( " free " to pollutors but not to the government tasked with caring for its pollutant - sickened citizens ) or species diversity ( the last free wild tuna will fetch a handsome price on the Tokyo fish auction ) , and it does not price in the consequences of resources ( the FEW essentials ) which cannot be replaced within a short investment time scale .
The market will never make energy - hog zombie stand - by circuitry energy - efficient on its own because the " consumer " will never demand that extra 50 cents of power management circuitry , nor will the wholesalers or manufacturers .
So 150 power plants in the U.S. burn mountains of coal every day just to supply the 5 % of electrical power wasted on inefficient stand - by electronics in tens of millions of devices .
Incremental conservation simply has no " market " appeal .
Will the financial " market " ignore huge price swings which cannot easily be predicted , and fund projects on a 10 or 20 - year timeline ?
I doubt it ; financial pressures to earn an immediate return on capital preclude such long timelines .
Meanwhile , the government heavily subsidizes the " free market " petroleum industry : Oil Companies Reap Billions in U.S. Subsidies and Tax Breaks , and As Oil Industry Fights a Tax , It Reaps Subsidies .
Am I advocating Central State ownership of energy production ?
No , but I am suggesting that communities might be better investors than the short - term financial markets in long - term energy projects .
Somebody has to act on the fact that the market will serve up massive swings in price which will undermine any attempt to " price " the value of alt energy , and that " somebody " wo n't be a financial system geared to next quarter 's earnings ( which better be " blow - out " lest the enterprise be hammered by the " market . " )
As a result , when the supply of oil falls irrevocably below demand , and prices skyrocket to $ 300 / barrel and beyond , the alt energy capacity which could have been constructed over the past decade will be modest in size and woefully inadequate to meet demand .
If you would like to post a comment where others can read it , please go to DailyJava.net , ( registering only takes a moment ) , select Of Two Minds - Charles Smith , and then go to The daily topic .
To see other readers recent comments , go to New Posts .
Order Survival+ : Structuring Prosperity for Yourself and the Nation and / or Survival +
The Primer from your local bookseller or from amazon.com or in ebook and Kindle formats .
A 20 % discount is available from the publisher .
Of Two Minds is now available via Kindle : Of Two Minds blog - Kindle
" This guy is THE leading visionary on reality .
He routinely discusses things which no one else has talked about , yet , turn out to be quite relevant months later . "
-- Walt Howard , commenting about CHS on another blog .
Thank you , Judas Z. ( $ 5 ) , for your much - appreciated generous contribution to the site -- I am greatly honored by your support and readership .
Thank you , Barney S. ( $ 15 ) , for your astoundingly generous support to the site -- I am greatly honored by your many contributions and by your readership .
Your readership is greatly appreciated with or without a donation .
For more on this subject and a wide array of other topics , please visit my weblog .
Samsung Sells 300,000 Galaxy S Smartphones
In South Korea
In just 19 short days , Samsung has sold 300,000 Samsung Galaxy S smartphones in South Korea , which is an impressive achievement .
The major rival of the Galaxy S smartphone is the Apple iPhone 4 , which continues to outsell the Android device , but the race is tightening .
It is important to note when Samsung introduces the Galaxy S phone in the United States , its global market share will increase heavily .
The Samsung Galaxy S phone will be available on all four major U.S. carriers in different variations .
In a bit of related Galaxy S news , latest reports indicate Samsung will be rolling out the Android 2.2 update to the Galaxy S in South Korea starting in early August .
Custom UI ’s such as TouchWiz 3.0 and Social Hub will be compatible with Android 2.2 .
Unfortunately , there is still no word when the American Froyo roll out will commence .
Overall , it ’s a good day for Samsung because 300,000 is a strong indication of the market in South Korea , not everyone is going to purchase an iPhone .
Hopefully the Galaxy S will pick up momentum when all four phones are launched later this month .
We know we have n't been updating for most of 2018 and there is good reason for it .
November is usually the time we celebrate an an ...
Kurt Nimmo
Infowars.com
July 30 , 2010
Infowars.com received an email today from a pilot for a major airline who claims all passengers are now forced through naked body scanners in El Paso , Texas .
“ ‘ I ’m a pilot for a major airline and overnighted in El Paso .
Came to the airport the next day and everyone except for crew and airport employees were sent through the scanners .
Stood there for a while and did not see anyone sent through the metal detectors , ” the pilot writes .
“ Came to the airport the next day and everyone except for crew and airport employees were sent through the scanners , ” a pilot tells Infowars.com .
On July 20 , the El Paso Times reported that security employees at the El Paso International Airport are using naked body scanners as the primary method of screening passengers .
“ The U.S. Transportation Security Administration has blocked entrances to metal detectors .
Officials now instruct all travelers to get in line at one of the three imaging detection scanners , ” writes Adriana Gómez Licón .
Signs at the airport deceptively indicate the scanning technique is optional .
“ TSA officials declined to give a reason why body scanners are being used but metal detectors are not .
They unveiled the body scanners in June .
Until recently , passengers were randomly chosen for the scanners . ”
Companies such as Southwest Airlines have warned passengers about new procedures and advised them to be at airports two hours before their flight ’s scheduled departure time , according to the El Paso Times .
In February , the Inter - Agency Committee on Radiation Safety , which includes the European Commission , International Atomic Energy Agency , Nuclear Energy Agency and the World Health Organization , said that the government must inform air passengers about any health risks posed by naked body scanners .
In response , the TSA claims the imaging technology is completely safe .
“ Recognized standards bodies have known standards on health and safety for this type of equipment , ” the agency said in a statement .
“ TSA complies with those national health and safety standards . ”
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
{openx:49}
In June , Dr. David Brenner , head of the center for radiological research at Columbia University in New York , criticized government studies claiming the scanners are not a health risk .
Brenner said children and passengers with genetic mutations are most at risk because they are less able to repair X - ray damage to their cells .
“ The population risk has the potential to be significant , ” he said .
The majority of complaints about the machines , however , focus on the invasion of privacy .
“ Many frequent fliers complain they ’re time - consuming or invade their privacy .
The world ’s airlines say they should n’t be used for primary security screening .
And questions are being raised about possible effects on passengers ’ health , ” USA Today reported earlier this month .
“ Opposition to new full - body imaging machines to screen passengers and the government ’s deployment of them at most major airports is growing , ” the newspaper adds .
For the government , opposition to naked body scanners is not an issue .
El Paso appears to be a beta test for what is to come around the country — forcing all passengers to submit to government intrusion of not only privacy but also compromising the health of the American public under the rubric of a war on manufactured terrorism .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Image caption Rosetta will reveal the true nature of Lutetia - including its shape
The Asteroid Lutetia will become the largest space rock to be visited by a probe when the European Rosetta mission flies past it on Saturday ( GMT ) .
The 100 km - wide mass of rock will be the last encounter in Rosetta 's tour of the Solar System before it sweeps out to meet up with a comet in 2014 .
Lutetia is a fascinating target - observations using telescopes have failed to determine its true type .
Scientists would like to know how much the asteroid has changed through time .
This will tell them to what extent it contains pristine materials left over from the formation of the Solar System some 4.6 billion years ago .
Fast rendezvous
Dr Rita Schulz , the European Space Agency 's Rosetta project scientist , said the giant rock was something of an enigma .
" Lutetia is interesting not just because it will be the biggest asteroid ever visited by a spacecraft , but because it is so ambiguous , " she told BBC News .
" We have observed Lutetia from the ground and also with the Hubble Space Telescope for a while to get some characteristics already .
Image caption
Two million km and closing : Lutetia appears as a small dot to Rosetta
" We know pretty well the range of the size ; we have some idea about its rotation and we have some ideas about the rotational axis .
But we do n't really know much , " she conceded .
The Rosetta spacecraft will make its closest approach to Lutetia at 1544 GMT ( 1644 BST ; 1744 CEST ) .
The minimum separation distance will be 3,162km .
The encounter itself is taking place some 454 million km from Earth .
Nearly all of the Rosetta mission 's instruments will be switched on for the flyby .
Multi-wavelength cameras and spectrometers , magnetic field and plasma experiments , dust instruments , a radio science experiment - all will try to gather as much information as possible as the spacecraft whizzes by at the relative speed of 54,000 km /h .
The Rosetta observations will fix Lutetia 's composition and refine estimates for its mass and density .
The probe will search for signs of water - ice and any hint of an ultra-tenuous atmosphere ( or exosphere ) .
ASTEROID 21 LUTETIA
Image caption Models built from telescope data suggest a slight elongation for Lutetia It was discovered in 1852 by Hermann Goldschmidt in Paris
Lutetia was the name of a pre-Roman town on the site of Paris
The designation " 21 " refers to the order of asteroid discoveries
Models built from telescope data hint at a slight elongation ( above )
And if Rosetta captures any dust in the flyby , the probe will be able to study it in detail thanks to the onboard atomic force microscope - the most distant deployment yet for such a high - resolution science instrument .
Earth - based telescopes have had great difficulty in classifying Lutetia .
Some observations have suggested it is a very primitive body , little changed since its formation ( a so - called C- type asteroid ) .
Other measurements , though , have also spied what appear to be metals in its surface , indicating the rock might have undergone a greater degree of evolution ( M - type asteroid ) .
Lutetia might even be the fragmented remains of a much larger asteroid smashed apart in a great collision .
Rosetta will attempt to resolve these issues once and for all .
" After Rosetta has flown by Lutetia , this will be one of the best observed and characterised asteroids that is there at all , and for sure we will know what type of asteroid it is , " said Dr Schulz .
Picture wait
The most eagerly awaited data , however , is likely simply to be the visual imagery of Lutetia .
These will show the degree to which gravity has been able to pull this colossal rock into a roughly spherical shape .
Also immediately apparent will be the hills and valleys on its surface , the boulder fields , and the craters left by impacts from other , smaller asteroids .
ROSETTA'S SOLAR SYSTEM ODYSSEY
The spacecraft launched on an Ariane rocket on 2 March , 2004
A number of planetary passes then helped build up momentum
Rosetta made its first Earth swingby on 4 March , 2005
This was followed by a Mars swingby on 25 February , 2007
A second Earth pass occurred on 13 November , 2007
The 2867 Steins asteroid was visited on 5 September , 2008
A third and final Earth swingby happened on 13 November , 2009
The flyby of 21 Lutetia is all set for 10 July , 2010
Rosetta will arrive at its target comet in May 2014
Its Philae lander will go down to the surface in November 2014
The probe will study the comet as it rounds the Sun
Rosetta 's mission is due to end in December 2015 Follow Esa 's Rosetta blog
These pictures will be obtained by Rosetta 's Osiris ( Optical , Spectroscopic , and Infrared Remote Imaging System ) camera system .
The images should start arriving back on Earth at about 1800 GMT ( 1900 BST ; 2000 CEST ) .
They will need to be processed so the world will not get to view them until about 2100 GMT ( 2200 BST ; 2300 CEST ) .
Before this flyby , the largest asteroid encountered by a spacecraft was Mathilde , which is a little more than 50 km across .
Mathilde was visited by the US space agency 's ( Nasa ) Near - Shoemaker probe in 1997 .
Rosetta itself has already made one close asteroid flyby , of the Steins rock in 2008 .
Once this latest pass is complete , the probe will head out to its meeting with the Comet Churyumov - Gerasimenko , set for the May of 2014 .
The probe will go into orbit around the 4 km - wide ball of ice and dust and even place a small lander called Philae on its surface .
Asteroids are the object of keen interest currently .
The Japanese Hayabusa mission has recently returned from the Itokawa space rock , and next year the US Dawn mission will go into orbit around Asteroid Vesta .
The American President Barack Obama says Nasa should also have the goal of trying to send astronauts to an asteroid sometime in the 2020s .
Jonathan .
Amos-INTERNET@bbc.co.u
Now caught on tape telling Bob Woodward that he knew how deadly serious the Coronavirus was all along , President Trump is telling the American people that he misled us for our own good .
You know , so that we would n’t panic .
We can only imagine what would have happened had we , …
An artist 's interpretation of the Kepler observatory in space .
Despite overzealous news headlines this week , NASA 's Keplerspacecraft has not indentified more than 100 Earth - like planets in the galaxy .
The planet - huntingtelescope , launched in April 2009 , has so far confirmed only five alienplanets beyond the solar system , mission scientists told SPACE.com .
The erroneous reports of new planets were generated inresponse to a recent videotaped speech Kepler co-investigator Dimitar Sasselovgave at a TED ( Technology Entertainment and Design ) conference in July .
" More than 100 ' Earth - like ' planets discovered in pastfew weeks , " read the headline of a Wednesday article in the U.K. 's DailyMail newspaper .
The Observer , another U.K. paper , also reported the finding .
However , Sasselov was referencing only possible planetsamong the Kepler data , scientists said .
" What Dimitar presented was ' candidates , ' " said DavidKoch , the mission 's deputy principal investigator at NASA 's Ames Research Centerin Moffett Field , Calif .
" These have the apparent signature we arelooking for , but then we must perform extensive follow - up observations toeliminate false positives , such as background eclipsing binaries .
This requiressubstantial amounts of ground - based observing which is done primarily in thesummer observing season . "
In June the Kepler team announced the discovery of 706 planet candidates ?
objects that preliminarily have the right signature tobe alien worlds .
The telescope looks for stars whose light appears to dimperiodically , representing the time when a planet passes in front of the starand temporarily blocks some of its light .
These findings were detailed in ascientific paper by Kepler 's science principal investigator William Borucki , also of NASA Ames .
" In my TED talk I was simply repeating what was alreadyannounced by the Kepler team back [ on ] June 15 , 2010 and is in the Borucki etal. , paper , " Sasselov told SPACE.com .
" So , no new news here ?
but more to come later in theyear ! " he said .
Koch confirmed that Kepler 's official planet tally is stillmuch lower .
" Other than the 5 planets previously published , we have notannounced anything else , " he said .
However , Sasselov did say that what Kepler has learned sofar about extrasolar planets offers tantalizing hints that our planet may notbe unusual .
Among the hundreds of candidate planets , a large percentageof them appear to be Earth - like ?
that is , small and rocky , rather than largeand gassy , like Jupiter .
" Even before we have confirmed the planets among thesehundreds of candidates , we can see statistically that the smaller - sized planetswill be more common than the large - sized ( Jupiter - and Saturn - like ones ) in thesample , " Sasselov explained .
That 's good news for scientists who hope to one day detectlife on another planet .
Since life as we know it is thought to require waterand Earth - like conditions , planets that look a lot like ours could behabitable .
To date , using a variety of methods , astronomers haveconfirmed almost 500 planets beyond our solar system , Sasselov said .
So far , most of these definitive planet finds have been of the gas giant variety , butthat 's because they 're easier to spot than planets like Earth .
[ Thestrangest alien planets ]
As telescopes and planet - huntingtechniques improve , and as researchers follow - up on Kepler 's observations , the tally for siblings to Earth should go up , he said .
The World from Berlin ' In Srebrenica the Good Men Did Too Little '
Sunday marked the 15th anniversary of the Srebrenica massacre , when Bosnian Serbs killed around 8,000 Muslim men and boys .
German commentators point out that there are still plenty of unanswered questions , including whether blame for the genocide has been correctly attributed .
If you think that 's an absurd question , you 're not alone .
We had this discussion on The Dylan Ratigan Show when I was filling in for him on MSNBC and both of my guests thought it was absurd .
A conservative website led with the headline that it was absurd ( though they did not present one single fact to back up their claim ) .
Except as it turns out , based on the facts , it is a really hard question to answer .
And it would be absurd to claim otherwise .
Ronald Reagan :
Gave Amnesty to Illegal Immigrants
Negotiated with Terrorists ( Traded Arms for Hostages with Iran )
Raised Taxes on a Large Scale Four Times ( After Initially Lowering Them )
Negotiated with the " Evil Empire " without Pre-conditions
Made a Decision to " Cut and Run " From Lebanon After Our Troops Were Attacked
In fact , as you look at the Reagan list , it seems he is the exact opposite of what conservatives now claim they want .
It looks like the caricature of what they think liberals do .
There is no way that even Dennis Kucinich would be able to do all of those things ; he certainly would n't negotiate with terrorists the way Reagan did .
Of course , Reagan also took the country further right in many ways but our political spectrum has moved so far to the right that he looks left behind by comparison .
So , let 's go to Obama and see what that " socialist " is up to .
Barack Obama :
Escalated the Afghanistan War ( Added 30,000 More Troops )
Has Ordered Drone Strikes ( Assassinations ) on US Citizens Outside the Country
Gave Drug Companies Near Monopoly Power by Barring Imports , Extending Patents and Not Allowing the Government to Negotiate Better Prices
Funneled Billions into the Biggest Banks in the Country After They Crashed the Economy
Stacked Deficit Commission with Fiscal Conservatives
Lowered Taxes Significantly ( Stimulus Bill )
Ordered Increased Offshore Drilling Before BP Spill
The Obama team would argue that they did a lot of this because the Republicans made them do it .
First , that 's entirely untrue because the Republicans did n't make them pass any bills .
The GOP also did n't give most of this legislation a single yes vote , so they could have been entirely ignored if Obama had the courage to do that .
And many of the items on the list are executive actions , which the Republicans have no control over .
Second , conservative is as conservative does .
If you implement this many conservative positions , are you really sure you 're not one ?
Now , people will cry and scream that we had the most historic health care reform and will soon have the most historic financial reform ever .
Is n't that progressive enough ?!
No , that 's nonsense .
They are called historic only because the White House called them that .
Financial reform is a joke that still leaves the big banks in charge and has failed to end " too big to fail . "
And yes , health care reform actually covers more people if they ever get it ( maybe in 2014 ) and if they can afford it ( depends on what private insurance decides to charge them ) , but it still leaves the health care system exactly as it was before .
This is the progressive change people voted for ?
The bottom line is that , no matter what the reason , Obama seems to be in some important ways significantly to the right of Reagan on the political spectrum .
If Reagan ordered the execution of US citizens abroad , he might have been impeached .
If Obama tried to give undocumented immigrants blanket amnesty the way Reagan did , he might be impeached .
I do n't think Obama is a hard right - winger .
It 's just that the political establishment in this country has moved so far to the right ( though not the public , according to polls on specific issues ) that as a natural politician when he goes to appease them , he is solidly center - right on the spectrum .
And the political line has moved so far that if Reagan tried to run as a Republican now he would be the laughing stock of the party .
Rush Limbaugh would tear him to shreds and Bill Kristol would say he is Neville Chamberlain .
He would be run out of town as a tax - raising , amnesty giving , terrorist negotiating , cut and run no - good lib who hates the troops .
And anyone who claims otherwise is being absurd .
As Reagan once said , " Facts are stubborn things . "
Watch The Young Turks on You Tube
_______
Single benefit payment among ' radical ' welfare plans
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Continue reading the main story Related Stories
All out - of - work benefits and tax credits could be scrapped and replaced with a single payment in a " radical " shake - up of the welfare system .
The idea is one of several options being considered by Work and Pensions Secretary Iain Duncan Smith to make work pay .
He says the current system is " on the verge of breakdown " .
Labour have said the start - up costs of a new system - which would apply across the UK - could be as much as £ 7bn .
Mr Duncan Smith refused to be drawn on the cost of the changes but has claimed billions could be saved in bureaucracy , fraud and error with the introduction of a " radically " simpler system .
Officials in his department say £ 9bn a year is currently wasted in these areas .
In a speech in London , Mr Duncan Smith said " ghettos " of worklessness had been created in Britain where generations were growing up without hope or aspiration .
He said the danger of providing benefits that were adequate in amount and indefinite in duration was that " men settle down to them " , and the benefit system had created pockets of worklessness where " idleness " had become institutionalised .
He said he hoped his proposals , which have been put out to consultation , were the " beginning of the end " for the current " antiquated , piecemeal " benefits system .
A White Paper setting out the government 's preferred options will be published in the autumn .
' Trapped on benefits '
Mr Duncan Smith has said it is a scandal that there are five million people on out - of - work benefits , nearly 1.5 million of them for nine out of the last 10 years .
He wants to remove disincentives in the tax system to finding work , making sure that claimants do not find themselves worse off when starting a job than on state support , which some say is often the case under current arrangements .
Continue reading the main story “ Start Quote Major reform either costs billions or means taking money from those who need it most ” End Quote Yvette Cooper Shadow Work and Pensions Secretary
To achieve this , Mr Duncan Smith has set out three options .
Combining elements of current income - related benefits and tax credit systems
Bringing the 50 or so jobless benefits into a single " universal credit "
Supplementing monthly household earnings through credit payments reflecting circumstances such as children , housing and disability .
At the moment , benefit payments and tax credits taper off at different rates when people work extra hours , but Mr Duncan Smith said there would be a single rate of taper under whichever new system was chosen and it would reward people taking on a few extra hours the most .
He wants a system under which claimants would be up to 40 p for every pound extra they earn .
Asked about criticism there would not be enough new jobs for everyone , he said he would rather get " workless households " into employment than increase the overall number of hours worked in the economy , arguing that many households had taken on extra work in recent years while others had continued to languish on benefits .
" The purpose of this is to make it clear and obvious to them that there is a route out for them , " he told reporters in a question and answer session after his speech .
Officials said people who genuinely could not work , such as those on disability living allowance , would carry on receiving the same level of benefits but for the rest , work would be made more " attractive " than staying at home on benefits .
Continue reading the main story ANALYSIS How much will Iain Duncan Smith 's plans for sweeping change in the benefits system cost the taxpayer ?
The answer to that question will not be found in this consultation paper .
All would - be benefit reformers say their ideas will save money in the end .
Most - including Mr Duncan Smith - accept there will be some cost in the short term .
He says his department has done the maths .
But he is not going to reveal how the sums add up until a White Paper is published in the autumn .
There is plenty to chew on in this document though .
It says the coalition 's first budget is set to make a key problem faced by the unemployed - the rate at which they lose benefits and incur tax as they do more work - worse .
It says working legitimately is not a rational choice for many poor people to make .
And it marks the beginning of a key stage in a hugely important political debate .
First Mr Duncan Smith needs to convince his ministerial colleagues , and the Treasury , his plans are worth the money .
Then he will have to make that case to the public , and to explain which individual claimants will be better off , and which will lose out , under his final plans .
The cost of the programme was estimated at £ 3bn when the Conservatives were in opposition , but Mr Duncan Smith said this was just one of many figures cited .
While " not denying " that it would require additional up - front spending , he said reforms would lead to " dramatic savings " as well , as they would eliminate billions spent in dealing with over - payments of tax credits every year .
Will Hutton of the Work Foundation think tank , said he believed the Treasury would favour the third option , extra credit payments to reflect circumstances , but he said this would add yet more complexity to the system and he urged Mr Duncan Smith to " hold out " for the single benefit payment idea .
' Catch 22 '
Labour have questioned whether the plans are affordable and suggested they may result in cuts in welfare provision elsewhere .
Shadow work and pensions secretary Yvette Cooper said the proposals were " a sham to cover the fact that the Budget actually cut work incentives , cut jobs and cut help for people to return to work " .
" Major reform either costs billions or means taking money from those who need it most .
Iain Duncan Smith needs to be honest and tell us which it is , " she said .
The SNP said the government must " proceed with care " while Plaid Cymru warned ministers against " regionalising " benefits - effectively paying different amounts in different parts of the country - as a means of saving money .
The TUC said Mr Duncan Smith 's aims had " merit " but he was in a " Catch 22 " situation .
" You can only make work pay in two ways , " said its general secretary Brendan Barber .
" Either you make those who are out of work poorer ..... or you can boost income in work either through more generous benefits or a higher minimum wage .
" The first should be morally unacceptable while the Treasury will not allow the second . "
Kate Stanley , of the left - leaning Institute for Public Policy Research , said " we have not seen anything so radical from a secretary of state before " .
She said the proposals could work but added there was a " danger of obsessing over work incentives " .
Dear everyone ,
Thank you again for taking the time out of your busy schedule to slam a radical woman of color for her writing without a shred of context or understanding .
When there was that little lull after the delightful smackdown of Renee from Womanist Musings , I started to worry that it was the end of the Lukewarm Feminists .
But this resurgence has reminded me that we are alive and well and will triumph with flaccid feminist vigor !
Needless to say , the Lukewarm Feminist Nipple Tassel of the Decade goes to all the writers and commenters ( and absentee moderators ) who do n't know or care about the alienating and painful experiences of radical women of color mamis in mainstream / white feminist spaces , who do n't yet see children as legitimate community members or our ideas about kids and their role in society as worthy of inspection , and who find the idea of diffusing the parent / child division silly and weird and instantly dismissable despite it 's eminence and success in many cultures and subsects of society ( particularly non-Western countries , families of color , poor or working - class families , etc ) .
Bonus points to the commenters who critiqued Mai'a for naming her child one of those " creative " ethnic names , but I do n't think it 's fair that only Aza is the butt of our jokes .
Surely there are other children in Egypt we could laugh at for their funny names too , right ?
I 'd like to particularly thank those who ejaculated these brilliant and incisive comments from the urethra of insight into the crumpled tissue of genius !
Here we go :
" Bars are n't for kids ! "
As a Bad Mother of Questionable Skill and Judgment , I think we can be fairly certain she intends to take her child to a dangerous den where lecherous old men will throw darts at its head !
Surely she realizes that 86 % of today 's inmates can trace the roots of their incarceration to first - degree exposure to adults chatting over their beers ?
Anyhoo , despite our commitment to Gender Revolution and the Upheaval of Patriarchy , I think we can all acknowledge that the divide between Adult and Child space is immovable , innate , and beyond critique .
I mean , kids in bars ?
What 's next , unicorns with Swiffer mops for wings ?!
Will they dust any surface they land on ?!
" I do n't go to kid spaces , why should your kid go to adult spaces ? "
It should n't !
It 's not like excluding kids from spaces makes these spaces less accessible to moms , particularly moms with scarce cash and no co-parents !
And even if it does , once you choose to be a mother , you sign off on less access to society !
I mean , that 's just how life is , and we accept that with every fiber of our lukewarm hearts !
Changing society to be more inclusive to you & your kid is n't part of lukewarm feminism - we are perfectly content with this lack of access because it does n't affect us , and we know a mom who agrees !
" I'm a mom , and unlike this pussy mom , I am totally on board the lukewarm feminism train ! "
Awesome !
Please come out for the next Lukewarm Feminists Caucus , where we 'll talk about how we can't believe how Bad and Unskilled some other moms are , how we are n't like those moms , and how our contentment with the status quo is surefire evidence that anyone else 's protest is illegitimate !
Then we 'll have a ladylike round of head - patting and we 'll learn how to knit a layette and then set it on fire !
* Note , please do not bring your child .
We will not have childcare and your spawn is not a real person entitled to space in our political action anyway .
" Oh , so she 's a non-feminist ?
Does n't she appreciate what we 've done for her ? ! "
Preach , sister !
She has several blogs which all showcase her alarmingly non-lukewarm writing .
The tagline on her latest blog actually reads :
Dedicating my body and life to stopping by any means necessary and possible the violence ( whether it be state , military , communitarian , medical , domestic , etc. ) that threatens our survival on this earth and to co-creating revolutionary , liberatory communities .
And her work on reproductive justice , war , increasing access to abortion , and collaborating with radical women of color ?
With anti-feminists like these , who needs enemies ?!
" Why do you want me to parent your kid even though I decided to be childless ? "
The Lukewarm Feminists would like to set forth the hypothesis that Mai'a Badmother McShitparent is under the influence of industrial - grade narcotics ; it 's the only explanation we have for her bizarre vision of a world in which our relationships are defined by our willingness to reach out to each other as community members instead of our God Given American Right to refuse interactions with whomever we dislike .
Even if that 's not the case - I mean , maybe she 's just having a dream within a dream and she has n't realized it yet , I know that always fucks my brain up temporarily - her insistence that we drop our fondue forks and raise her children as our own in the middle of Tequila Tuesday is just — wait , what ?
What do you mean , " she never said that , you 're decontextualizing it " ?
That does n't sound very lukewarm to me !
BEGONE TRAITOR !!
YOU SHALL NOT PASS !!!( throws non-lukewarm feminist into bowels of the earth , re-emerges two hours later with comely white beard , horse , air of serenity )
" Does she honestly think that kids are an oppressed group ? "
What 's next - fat people ?!
Every time you suggest that conditions could be better for a particular group that has n't gotten its sidewalk star on the Lukewarm Feminism Walk of Oppression , the wage gap increases .
There 's simply not enough room for all of us to want more equality !
Why else do you think the trans people and disabled people have to wait in the basement even though the asbestos guy has n't shown up yet though he said he'd come to get rid of it next week and they 're starting to hyperventilate ?
What 's with that guy anyway ?
Does anyone have his cell number ?
No ?
Do you think we should get a new guy ?
Could we vote on that maybe ?
We could do better , surely ?
No , and do n't call you Shirley ?
What ? — oh , ha !
Ha ha !
Ha !
Nice one !
Anypoo , I think that just about wraps up this decade 's illustrious Lukewarm Feminist Nipple Tassel of the Year Awards .
As I gaze out over this remarkable audience , I see innumerable new members in our midst , and I 'd like to formally welcome you all and thank you humbly for your attendance .
Without you , we would have revolution - but with you by our sides , we 'll have the half - hearted stagnation from which all equality is limply born .
* after birth of equality , please refrain from bringing equality to events unless they are specifically designated as family - friendly as equality can be intrusive , whiny etc
" The great gift of human beings is that we have the power of empathy . "
Anthony Bourdain , former chef and current television personality , famously wrote in Kitchen Confidential , the book that catapulted him to celebrity status back in 2000 , “ Vegetarians , and their Hezbollah - like splinter - faction , the vegans , are a persistent irritant to any chef worth a damn . ”
This sentiment echoes resoundingly in the Seattle dining scene .
Even during high summer , when local vegetables are abundant , restaurants such as Crush , Zoe and Spur are loathe to place a single vegetable - centered entree on their menus .
On Capitol Hill , however , new eateries that cater exclusively to vegans have sprouted .
We asked Anikha Lehde , a Seattle vegan who runs Vegan Score ( a resource for Seattle vegans ) , to comment on the vegan dining scene in Capitol Hill :
Although the U - District is lucky enough to have “ little vegan ” ( a vegan pizza joint , grocery store , and home cookin - style café on the same block ) , Capitol Hill still takes the cake in both quantity of vegan places ( five ) and novelty .
Newish Plum serves Puerto Rico influenced sweet and spicy cuisine and Highline will serve you a fried fish sandwich or habanero tequila –
You ca n’t get that type of vegan fare anywhere else in the city .
Probably not anywhere else , anywhere .
As Lehde mentions , Plum Bistro debuted at 1429 12th Avenue last July .
With frequent mentions of celebrity sightings ( including Tobey Maguire , Casey Affleck and Summer Phoenix ) and having the advantage of an owner and chef well - regarded in the local vegan community in the form of Makini Howell , Plum gained a quick and loyal following .
Standout dishes at Plum have included the Spicy Mac ‘ n ’ Yease ( $ 7 ) , the Mama Africa Salad ( $ 9 ) , and the Yam Fries ( $ 5 ) .
Plum has been so successful here in Seattle , that Howell recently announced that she will establish an offshoot in Los Angeles .
Howell ’s first outpost in Capitol Hill was The Cafe by Hillside Quickie ’s at 324 15th Avenue East , which opened in 2005 .
After undergoing a few name changes and some remodeling , this location is now known as Sage Cafe .
In contrast to the quick success enjoyed by Plum , Howell revealed to the Seattle Times that Sage ( then Hillside Quickie ’s ) was more challenging to grow as a business .
In fact , Howell considered closing this first Capitol Hill location at the end of 2006 .
Currently , Sage benefits from a large take - out business ( made all the more acute by the removal of some seating inside the already tiny space ) .
Note that it no longer sells beer .
Popular deli items include the Fremont Philly , El Besito Caliente , and the Mama Africa Burger ( all hover around $ 12 ) .
Like Plum , Highline brings a new type of vegan establishment to the Hill .
Howard Clark and Jarrod Ducat had enjoyed success operating Squid and Ink in Georgetown since early 2008 .
Along with Dylan Desmond , they relocated the vegan bar to 210 Broadway and opened in May 2010 billing it as the Highline .
Ducat described Highline ’s concept as a Linda ’s for vegans .
We asked Desmond to name his favorite items on the Highline menu , and he responded , “ My personal favorites are the Meltdown and the Chicken Mushroom ala king .
Both are rich , creamy and very filling .
I also find that I nearly eat my weight in potato salad every week .
We make a lot of our own faux cheese / meats , so everything has it ’s own interesting personality . ”
Asked to explain how Capitol Hill differs from Georgetown , Desmond replied :
As far as the Highline vs. Squid and Ink was concerned , my first reaction was that Capitol Hill had a way less small town feel than Georgetown … but as time goes on and I ’m starting to recognize faces and make lots of new friends .
I see now that this is not true at all , rather a similar feel with four times the population .
And on Capitol Hill there ’s no planes scraping our roof to land .
Most food items at the Highline are priced $ 12 and under .
When we dropped by for lunch , we enjoyed the Fish & Chips ( $ 8 ) paired with a draft Duchesse de Bourgogne Flemish Red Ale ( $ 5 ) .
Though older than Plum and Highline , In the Bowl is also a newer vegetarian / vegan addition to the Hill , having established itself at 1554 East Olive in February 2007 .
When you peer into this tiny space , it is nearly always packed .
Customers attribute its success to low prices , a convenient location and satisfying , delicious fare .
Dishes cited with the most approval online included Melting Culture ( $ 8 ) , Fresh Veggies and Herbs Rolls ( $ 7 ) and the Lemongrass Delight Stirfry ( $ 9 ) .
All main dishes are served with a complimentary sticky rice dessert .
Like
In the Bowl , Teapot Vegetarian House at 345 15th Avenue East serves Pan Asian vegetarian / vegan fare .
Teapot , however , is a grande dame of vegetarian / vegan dining for Hill dwellers , having been on 15th Avenue for 14 years .
CHS commenters commend the spring rolls , Fried Lotus Root , and the Vegetable Vermicelli .
In addition to the eateries named above , more casual vegan fare is offered up at CHS advertiser Healeo ( the tahini bowl with quinoa is memorable and cheap at $ 4 ) and Cyber - Dogs ( all vegetarian and some vegan hot dogs ) .
Does the increase in eateries on Capitol Hill focusing on vegetarian / vegan have any import ?
As Karen Gaudette noted in a Seattle Times article entitled “ Seattle ’s garden of vegetarian options continues to grow ” in 2008 , environmental reasons are increasingly cited as a reason people move from omnivore diets to vegan / vegetarian ones .
Bourdain himself has moderated his anti-vegetarian invective / schtick .
In a recent article he penned for The Guardian , he acknowledged “ I ’m beginning to think , in light of recent accounts , that we should , on balance , eat a little less meat . ”
He goes on to add , though , “ But what I ’ve seen of the world since my first book was published has , if anything , made me angrier at anyone not a Hindu who turns up their nose at a friendly offer of meat . ”
Well , here on the Hill , who would turn down a friendly offer to dine at any of the places listed here ?
( See Corrections & Amplifications item below . )
The federal government is launching an expansive program dubbed " Perfect Citizen " to detect cyber assaults on private companies and government agencies running such critical infrastructure as the electricity grid and nuclear - power plants , according to people familiar with the program .
The surveillance ...
ABN 97 652 029 703
The Flat Top Crew 's barbers believe that :
a flat top is not just a haircut - to the wearer it 's a
lot more ;
there are many variations of the flat top , ranging from
long to extremely short ;
a flat top may have boxy , bevelled or contoured sides ,
but must always have a perfectly flat deck ;
the clients ' wishes are paramount .
I Agree I Disagree
This project is not currently active .
The back - end is still running ( for now ) for hobbyists and people interested in running the software , but it is not working on anything significant .
NB : the main write - up of the project and its results is in Chapters 7 and 8 of my thesis .
Here you can use your own PC 's idle time to simulate and design parts of a particle accelerator .
Simply extract the ( full version ) archive below to a folder on your disk , create a user.
txt file with your name in it and put a shortcut to muon1 _background .
exe in your Startup folder if required .
Do you want a place where you can have a feminist dialog in a comments section without constant interruption by coarse YouTube lurkers ?
A go - to for all your feminist video needs ?
Where you can submit or recommend feminist videos yourself ?
If your answer is “ Eff yes , ” feast your browsers on nist .
tv.
Founded by Anne Jonas , who spent almost a year building and curating the site ’s content , it ’s intended to be a kind of archive as well as an open commons video collaboration .
You can browse content by category , popularity , or by searching for video authors ( and then subscribe to certain ones , like Bitch Media , via RSS ! )
This is a great resource for feminist blogs , scholars , web browsers .
I ’ve already found some great finds , including …
A “ Queer Carrie ” remix of Sex and the City … .
Excerpts from a 2008 lecture “ Abolition Democracy and Global Politics ” by Angela Davis ( Q . Is the full lecture on nist.tv as well ?
A. YES ! ) …
Activist Mia Mingus on integrating disability awareness into reproductive justice and intersectionality … .
And one of many videos courtesy of Reel Grrls : Ketchup vs. Mustard , a short film that has some heavy commentary on consumerism , the sports industrial complex , and condiment dance parties …
… and many more ( seriously , you could spend hours in the “ Lectures ” section alone ) .
I ’m so excited about this great resource , and look forward to its growth !
The creators are still looking for feedback too , so start checking it out , adding your video , and sharing feminist media !
The United States is one of the last countries to tax married couples jointly ; most other countries have adopted individual taxation .
In 1990 , the United Kingdom completed transitioning its tax system from one that treated husbands and wives as a marital unit to one that mandates an individual - based system , and so it has two decades of experience with the new regime .
This article provides American policymakers valuable information regarding the consequences of adopting individual taxation by examining the U.K. ’s experience .
First , it establishes a matrix of factors that identifies and assesses differences between the two nations that affect the predictive value of the U.K. ’s experience for the U.S.
The article then reviews the origins and development of the U.K. ’s original mandatory joint return and the forces that drove the change to individual taxation .
Finally , it appraises the consequences of this revision of British law , including the improved economic position of many wives and the increased incidence of tax avoidance .
Comparing the change in the U.K. with what would likely occur in the U.S. , this article uses comparative taxation to provide a guide for the U.S. , urging consideration of the costs as well as the benefits of changing tax units .
URBANA , Ill . --
The University of Illinois has fired an adjunct professor who taught courses on Catholicism after a student accused the instructor of engaging in hate speech by saying he agrees with the church 's teaching that homosexual sex is immoral .
The professor , Ken Howell of Champaign , said his firing violates his academic freedom .
He also lost his job at an on -campus Catholic center .
Howell , who taught Introduction to Catholicism and Modern Catholic
Thought , says he was fired at the end of the spring semester after sending an e-mail explaining some Catholic beliefs to his students preparing for an exam .
" Natural Moral Law says that Morality must be a response to REALITY , " he wrote in the e-mail .
" In other words , sexual acts are only appropriate for people who are complementary , not the same . "
An unidentified student sent an e-mail to religion department head Robert McKim on May 13 , calling Howell 's e-mail " hate speech . "
The student claimed to be a friend of the offended student .
The writer said in the e-mail that his friend wanted to remain anonymous .
" Teaching a student about the tenets of a religion is one thing , " the student wrote .
" Declaring that homosexual acts violate the natural laws of man is another . "
Howell said he was teaching his students about the Catholic understanding of natural moral law .
" My responsibility on teaching a class on Catholicism is to teach what the Catholic Church teaches , " Howell said in an interview with The News - Gazette in Champaign .
" I have always made it very , very clear to my students they are never required to believe what I 'm teaching and they 'll never be judged on that . "
Howell also said he makes clear to his students that he 's Catholic and that he believes the church views that he teaches .
McKim referred questions to university spokeswoman Robin Kaler , who said she could n't comment on Howell or his firing because it's a personnel issue .
According to the university 's Academic Staff Handbook , faculty " are entitled to freedom in the classroom in developing and discussing according to their areas of competence the subjects that they are assigned . "
In an e-mail to other school staff , Ann Mester , an associate dean at the College of Liberal Arts and Sciences , said Howell 's e-mail justified his firing .
" The e-mails sent by Dr. Howell violate university standards of inclusivity , which would then entitle us to have him discontinue his teaching arrangement with us , " Mester wrote .
Cary Nelson , president of the American Association of University Professors , said professors should be able to tell students their own views and even argue in favor of them , provided students can disagree without being penalized .
" It 's part of intellectual life to advocate for points of view , " said Nelson , an emeritus English professor at the University of Illinois .
" Hopefully when they go out in the world , they can emulate that .
They can argue a case , and do it in a well - informed and articulate way , and can make a more productive contribution to our democracy that way . "
Howell has taught at the university for nine years , and was recognized by his department in 2008 and 2009 for being rated an excellent teacher by students .
He said he and McKim disagree on religious views and believes he lost his job over " just a very , very deep disagreement about the nature of what should be taught and what should not be taught . "
After he lost his teaching job , Howell also was fired as director of the St. John 's Catholic Newman Center 's Institute of Catholic Thought .
The on - campus center directed questions to the Diocese of Peoria , which had paid for his position .
Patricia Gibson , an attorney and chancellor of the diocese , said Howell was let go because he could no longer teach at the university .
" We are very concerned and very distressed by what we understand is the situation from Dr. Howell , " she said .
The diocese hopes to discuss the situation with someone at the university , she said .
A Christian legal defense group , The Alliance Defense Fund , said it is considering helping Howell .
The brain of the fly - a high - speed computer
Neurobiologists use state - of - the - art methods to decode the basics of motion detection
What would be the point of holding a soccer world championship if we could n't distinguish the ball from its background ?
Simply unthinkable !
But then again , would n't it be fantastic if your favourite team 's striker could see the movements of the ball in slow motion !
Unfortunately , this advantage only belongs to flies .
The minute brains of these aeronautic acrobats process visual movements in only fractions of a second .
Just how the brain of the fly manages to perceive motion with such speed and precision is predicted quite accurately by a mathematical model .
However , even after 50 years of research , it remains a mystery as to how nerve cells are actually interconnected in the brain of the fly .
Scientists at the Max Planck Institute of Neurobiology are now the first to successfully establish the necessary technical conditions for decoding the underlying mechanisms of motion vision .
The first analyses have already shown that a great deal more remains to be discovered ( Nature Neuroscience July 11 , 2010 ) .
Seeing into a fly ’s brain : Neurobiologists use state - of - the - art methods to observe the activity of nerve cells while the fly sees moving stripe patterns on a LED screen ( left ) .
This technique enables the scientists to observe the response of single cells in the brain area which processes motion information ( right , scale = 20 micrometer ) .
© Max Planck Institute of Neurobiology Seeing into a fly ’s brain : Neurobiologists use state - of - the - art methods to observe the activity of nerve cells while the fly sees moving stripe patterns on a LED screen ( left ) .
This technique enables the scientists to observe the response of single cells in the brain area which processes motion information ( right , scale = 20 micrometer ) .
© Max Planck Institute of Neurobiology
Back in 1956 , a mathematical model was developed that predicts how movements in the brain of the fly are recognized and processed .
Countless experiments have since endorsed all of the assumptions of this model .
What remains unclear , however , is the question as to which nerve cells are wired to each other in the fly brain for the latter to function as predicted in the model .
" We simply did not have the technical tools to examine the responses of each and every cell in the fly 's tiny , but high - powered brain " , as Dierk Reiff from the Max Planck Institute of Neurobiology in Martinsried explains .
That is hardly surprising , considering the minute size of the brain area that is responsible for the fly 's motion detection .
Here , one sixth of a cubic millimetre of brain matter contains more than 100,000 nerve cells - each of which has multiple connections to its neighbouring cells .
Although it seems almost impossible to single out the reaction of a certain cell to any particular movement stimulus , this is precisely what the neurobiologists in Martinsried have now succeeded in doing .
The brain of the fly beats any computer
The electrical activity of individual nerve cells is usually measured with the aid of extremely fine electrodes .
In the fly , however , most of the nerve cells are simply too small to be measured using this method .
Nevertheless , since the fly is the animal model in which motion perception has been studied in most detail , the scientists were all the more determined to prize these secrets from the insect 's brain .
A further incentive is the fact that , albeit the number of nerve cells in the fly is comparatively small , they are highly specialized and process the image flow with great precision while the fly is in flight .
Flies can therefore process a vast amount of information about proper motion and movement in their environment in real time - a feat that no computer , and certainly none the size of a fly 's brain , can hope to match .
So it 's no wonder that deciphering this system is a worth - while undertaking .
Fluorescence molecules and state - of - the - art microscopes
" We had to find some way of observing the activity of these tiny nerve cells without electrodes " , Dierk Reiff explains one of the challenges that faced the scientists .
In order to overcome this hurdle , the scientists used the fruit fly Drosophila melanogaster and some of the most up - to - date genetic methods available .
They succeeded in introducing the indicator molecule TN - XXL into individual nerve cells .
By altering its fluorescent properties , TN - XXL indicates the activity of nerve cells .
To examine how the brains of fruit flies process motion , the neurobiologists presented the insects with moving stripe patterns on a light - diode screen .
The nerve cells in the flies ' brains react to these LED light impulses by becoming active , thus causing the luminance of the indicator molecules to change .
Although TN - XXL 's luminance changes are much higher than that of former indicator molecules , it took quite some time to capture this comparatively small amount of light and to separate it from the LED - light impulse .
After puzzling over this for a while , however , Dierk Reiff solved the problem by synchronizing the 2 - photon - laser microscope with the LED - screen at a tolerance of merely a few microseconds .
The TN - XXL signal could subsequently be separated from the LED - light and selectively measured using the 2 - photon - microscope .
The cells behind the model
" At long last , after more than 50 years of trying , it is now technically possible to examine the cellular construction of the motion detector in the brain of the fly " , reports a pleased Alexander Borst , who has been pursuing this goal in his department for a number of years .
Just how much remains to be discovered was realized during the very first application of the new methods .
The scientists began by observing the activity of cells known as L2 - cells which receive information from the photoreceptors of the eye .
The photoreceptors react when the light intensity increases or decreases .
The reaction of the L2 - cells is similar in that part of the cell where the information from the photoreceptor is picked up .
However , the neurobiologists discovered that the L2 - cell transforms these data and in particular , that it relays information only about the reduction in light intensity to the following nerve cells .
The latter then calculate the direction of motion and pass this information on to the flight control system .
" This means that the information " light on " is filtered out by the L2 - cells " , summarizes Dierk Reiff .
" It also means , however , that another kind of cell must pass on the " light on " command , since the fly reacts to both kinds of signals . "
Now that the first step has been taken , the scientists intend to examine - cell by cell - the motion detection circuitry in the fly brain to explain how it computes motion information at the cellular level .
Their colleagues from the joint Robotics project are eagerly awaiting the results .
Wenige Stunden nach dem Europaparlament hat sich auch der Bundestag hinter das umstrittene Bankdaten - Abkommen ( PDF - Datei ) Swift gestellt .
Mit den Stimmen von CDU / CSU und FDP billigte das Berliner Parlament am Donnerstagabend einen Entschließungsantrag ( PDF - Datei ) , in dem der überarbeiteten Vereinbarung zwischen der EU und den USA " deutliche Verbesserungen zum Daten - und Rechtsschutz " zugestanden werden .
Obwohl die EU - Kommission nicht alle Vorgaben habe umsetzen können , handle es sich um ein " respektables Verhandlungsergebnis " , in dem wesentliche Forderungen der Europäer berücksichtigt worden seien .
Nach der Billigung durch das Europaparlament können US - Geheimdienste für die Terrorismusbekämpfung künftig wieder die Daten europäischer Bankkunden auswerten .
Das Abkommen betrifft Daten wie Name , Adresse , Empfänger und Höhe einer Überweisung für Transaktionen in Länder außerhalb der EU und Zahlungen aus solchen Ländern , die über den Finanzdienstleister SWIFT abgewickelt werden .
Das in Belgien beheimatete und Server unter anderem auch in der Schweiz betreibende Unternehmen wickelt nahezu alle grenzüberschreitenden Bankgeschäfte für europäische Banken ab und meldet täglich mehr als 15 Millionen Transaktionen .
Nachdem die Parlamentarier den ursprünglichen Vertragstext im Februar aus Datenschutzgründen abgelehnt hatten , handelte die EU - Kommission schärfere Kontrollen der US - Anfragen sowie einen verbesserten Rechtsschutz für EU - Bürger aus .
Kritiker halten das Abkommen aber weiter für eine weit überzogene verdachtsunabhängige Sammlung von Daten unbescholtener Bürger , die kaum dazu dienlich sei , die Finanzströme des internationalen Terrorismus zu stoppen .
In dem Bundestagsbeschluss wird das Abkommen gleichermaßen als Baustein für die amerikanische wie für die europäische Sicherheit gewürdigt .
Auch Deutschland könne es sich nicht leisten , auf die Erkenntnisse der US - Terrorfahnder zu verzichten .
Auch US - Präsident Barack Obama hat die Zustimmung des Europaparlaments zum Bankdaten - Abkommen am Donnerstag begrüßt .
Er sprach in einer schriftlichen Erklärung von einem " wichtigen Werkzeug " zur Terrorabwehr .
" Die Bedrohung durch den Terrorismus , mit der die USA und die Europäische Union konfrontiert sind , dauert an , und mit dieser Vereinbarung werden alle unsere Bürger sicherer sein " , betonte Obama .
Er hob zugleich hervor , dass das Abkommen bedeutende zusätzliche Datenschutz - Mechanismen enthalte .
Der Schutz der Privatsphäre und die persönlichen Freiheitsrechte seien der US - Regierung sehr wichtig .
" Wir sind entschlossen , Bürger aller Nationen zu schützen , während wir gleichzeitig fundamentale Rechte aufrechterhalten " , hieß es abschließend in der Erklärung .
( anw )
How can a flawed iPhone be the best yet ?
Here 's how :
***
Advertisement
I 'm at dinner .
The waitress is slow to take our order .
I do n't mind .
I reach into my pocket for the iPhone 4 .
It seems like the fifth time I 'm doing this tonight .
It 's probably the fifteenth .
It 's nearly impossible to tell which side is the front .
Both are slippery and oleophobic and smudged by fingerprints — flat , delicate and hard .
I respond in cursory agreement to whatever it is my wife just said .
My mind 's too busy concentrating on fingertip sensations , maneuvering so the screen faces the right way when it emerges from its hiding place .
Advertisement
Success .
Slide to unlock .
One bar again .
Once I pull it out of my pocket , the reception returns .
I 've never seen this issue with the three previous iPhones .
I wait a few seconds as the iPhone 's antenna adjusts to freedom from the confines of my pants and hand .
Then I realize there was n't anything I needed to look at .
It 's a reflex at this point , like John Marston reaching for his gun .
I slide the phone back in my pocket .
* * *
The screen is the first thing I notice , naturally , because it 's the one thing I could n't test when I saw the phone back in April .
Advertisement
This Is Apple 's Next iPhone
You are looking at Apple 's next iPhone .
It was found lost in a bar in Redwood City , camouflaged to …
Read more
Cramming more pixels into a smaller space is the opposite of what Apple did with the iPad , which uses a relatively low amount of pixels in a large space .
So why do both displays look so fantastic ?
Advertisement
The iPhone 4 has so many more pixels that I can't see them individually with the naked eye .
When I try I can just begin to defocus my eyes when the phone comes too close to my face .
It 's the one thing iPhone 4 users should be proud of , provided they 're not one of the unlucky few with yellow spots or white dots .
Advertisement
Then frustration and practicality set in .
Why are there more pixels if I can't see more stuff on the screen ?
Why are there the same same seven rows of text messages and eight rows of items in the iPod app I saw three years ago when there are four times as many pixels ?
Photos and videos are great , and text is sharp , but UI elements need to be updated .
Only having five emails simultaneously visible is a shame on this screen .
At least give me the option .
But the display itself is still better .
It has more pixels in a smaller space than all the other phones I 've ever used .
It 's sharp .
Tiny text is readable , and everything is just better .
I take it outside .
It 's no brighter , or more visible in the sun , but everything looks great .
What more could I ask from a screen ?
Advertisement
When looking at the screen , I get the same sensation I do when finishing the last slice of ice cream cake : I want more of it .
My 30 - inch Dell , my 63 - inch Samsung and my 27 - inch iMac all have more pixels , but my first thought when seeing them was look how big .
When I see the iPhone 's screen , it was wow , everything is so clear .
Now give me bigger and clearer .
* * *
The phone glimmers from the reflectiveness of exposed glass .
No more plastic .
Much more aluminum .
It looks and feels ... more breakable .
Advertisement
As something carried around nearly at all times , I understand the need for a case .
People drop things .
Keys are absentmindedly shoved , thrown and scraped across its surface .
Phones need to be set down .
But the iPhone is in more danger of being irreparably damaged than its predecessors .
Many previously fine resting surfaces are now verboten .
A case might now be mandatory .
Advertisement
Yet to acquire a case would admit defeat .
This aesthetic — industrial glass and steel — was meant to be the iPhone 's public face .
It was never supposed to be stifled by plastic to spare it from harm , or wrapped with rubber to shield the antennas from human interference .
If the iPhone were meant to have a case , it would ship with a case .
Attached .
Out of the box .
* * *
Flick .
Flick .
Twitter .
Swipe .
Flick .
New York Times .
Tap. Tap. Email .
Maps .
Fruit Ninja .
Photos .
Vuvuzela .
Every touch feels more responsive than the 3GS , which was more responsive than the 3G .
Advertisement
Swipe .
Swipe .
Swipe again .
There 's a delay from a half - inch dead zone on the side of the phone .
When I swipe from that edge , nothing registers .
I try the same thing on older phones .
Odd , this was there all along , in the 3G and 3GS , but I 'm only noticing now because the bezel is gone and it's all glass .
There 's no barrier to guide me .
* * *
Matt licks me .
Or rather , he puts his tongue in front of the front camera in FaceTime .
I enjoy it more than I should !
Advertisement
Test Notes : FaceTime
Videocalling has been a sci - fi staple for decades .
From 2001 to Back to the Future people chatting …
Read more
Buchanan sounds clear , our respective AT&T chains thrown off , our faces and voices streaming fluidly over Wi-Fi .
Finally , a mass - market video calling device that 's going to have enough built - in audience to actually have a chance at success .
It 's fun .
Useful .
Futuristic .
Easy .
My parents could do this .
( Until they can't , and have to ask me for help . )
Advertisement
But the secret is that — when he 's not licking me — I 'm looking Matt right in the eye .
The camera and screen are so close that they create the illusion of a camera behind Matt 's eyes — so I really feel like we 're talking face to face .
When Skyping someone on a laptop , they 're always looking at me on their screen — away from their webcam .
Advertisement
I say goodbye to Matt .
The next time I expect to see his face in a phone conversation will probably be in 2011 .
Voice is enough for most .
He 's not my wife .
* * *
On a drive in a car that 's not my own to a place I do n't recognize , the Nexus One is along for the ride .
There 's no free , usable and decent turn - by - turn bundled with the iPhone 4 .
Advertisement
The alternative ?
Fifty bucks for an app .
I do n't have fifty bucks .
Not for this shit .
Especially not when my normal car has navigation .
The iPhone has been capable of turn - by - turn directions since the 3G added a GPS chip .
It 's time for a better solution — from Apple .
Advertisement
* * *
" Can you show me that video chat thing ? "
" I can 't .
There 's no Wi -Fi here . "
Frustration ?
Anger ?
Embarrassment ?
None of the above .
I feel like I 've let someone down .
Advertisement
There was no limitation in Star Trek .
Riker did n't have to have a hotspot set up in order to chat from Farpoint Station .
James
Bond does n't have to locate a Starbucks to talk to Q. Batman does n't ... Batman does n't do anything he does n't want to .
Because it was 70 years ago , Dick Tracy had the entire AT&T network all to himself to make video calls .
" But hey , it 's got a better screen . "
* * *
Sitting on the most intimate of chairs , I watch my own previously uploaded HD YouTube videos , marveling at the display quality .
It 's downscaled from the video 's original quality , but still , I 'm impressed .
Advertisement
I get bored and move on , flipping through honeymoon photos and skimming 720 p videos taken in Japan , each pixel a tiny fraction of a wonderful memory that was well worth the lousy exchange rate .
It makes me wish that I was in Tokyo right now , with their Toto Washlets in every home , office and public facility .
But then I wonder , how much space are these bigger photos and videos taking ?
Advertisement
Back at my iMac , I check .
3.26GB . The same photos only took up 1.6GB on the 3GS .
Videos are a similar story .
We 're gonna need a bigger NAND .
* * *
It 's not my birthday .
I suggested the birthday song as a quick test for voice quality , because it inherently necessitates changes in tone and pitch .
It 's a quick song , out of necessity .
I 'm not sitting through the full eight - and - a - half minute rendition of Wo n't Get Fooled Again .
Though making Rosa do that ten times successively might justify the price of the iPhone 4 .
Advertisement
The call quality testing we did matches what I observed in my own use .
My friend seems surprised to hear from me .
I have n't called him in a while , usually relying on IM and email , because this is 2010 and we are not old .
Many people are getting called with the iPhone 4 today , in the name of science .
Advertisement
More than once my test subjects surprised that I 'm switching back and forth between standard hold and speakerphone .
The dual - microphone noise cancellation setup makes a huge difference for filtering ambient noises from a speakerphone .
But regular calls are n't much better than before , seeing as I 'm not surrounded by vuvuzelas .
" Thanks , talk to you later .
Bye bye . "
I look down , confused .
Random buttons have been inadvertently pressed by my face .
My face has n't changed very much since using the 3GS , just days ago .
Place this issue among the " to - fix-in- iOS 4.01 " pile .
Advertisement
* * *
I keep hearing variations of the same anecdote when discussing iMovie for iPhone 4 .
" You could barely edit movies on a computer ten years ago . "
Advertisement
My head bobs in agreement .
Very true .
I 'm surprised at how quick it is , joining clips , adding themes , making titles and transitions .
Exporting ?
Takes about as long as the clip is , on average resolution .
Advertisement
Then I try uploading a natively shot 720p video to YouTube from the phone .
It 's tiny !
And grainy , even after letting it fully render over a day .
And fuzzy , and definitely not 720 p .
How could this be ?
Would it be better if I uploaded over Wi -Fi , or emailed it to myself to upload from somewhere else ?
No .
Every one of those options down - converts before sending it off the phone .
I discover that the only way to get the full 720 p video from my phone to YouTube is putting it on a computer first .
Dreams of shooting HD videos from the field , over that faster HSUPA upload , and not having to do extra post - processing at a computer later have vanished .
Why would I edit on iMovie on a phone if I have to dump the resulting file onto a computer to upload at full - resolution anyway ?
Advertisement
Is this AT&T 's doing again ?
* * *
Brian calls me , enthused , and asks me to guess where he is .
" Home . "
He has n't been able to make an iPhone call from his house without it almost immediately dropping for the last year and a half .
He 's had to resort to getting a Microcell .
He tells me he 's turned it off .
Advertisement
It 's six minutes into the call .
The iPhone 4 is smarter , choosing towers that can actually handle calls , rather than just the one with the strongest signal .
Advertisement
" Can you hear me ?
I ca n't hear you . "
He sounds like he just went into the bathroom , filled his bathtub and dunked himself phone first .
Sure , he can make calls now , but something 's still keeping the phone from making great calls .
After thirty seconds of this , the connection breaks .
Maybe we should have used FaceTime .
Advertisement
Update : Actually , the 3gs miraculously has 5 bars in his house now , too .
So it seems like a convenient tower change or installation or upgrade may have occurred recently .
* * *
I 'm reading a chapter of Shit My Dad Says in bed , trying not to disturb the wife .
There 's very little eye strain , though I do n't know if I could reach the end of the book reading this way .
Even for a lover of ebooks , the size of the phone is too small to accurately represent a " book " .
It requires me to turn the page too often , like some iPad mini parody .
Page turns are actually responsive enough to be pleasant .
Advertisement
Added up over a year , I would probably save about seven hours of cumulative time not waiting for book pages to render , apps to load and photos to resize , compared to the 3GS .
I can't go back .
Advertisement
Now to find a use for those seven hours .
* * *
Is it too thin ?
Is it too delicate ?
I 'm afraid of holding it .
I never used to be .
Advertisement
I go to play with my bunny .
When I pick him up , he squirms as if I 'll never let go for all eternity .
I try to lower myself to the ground as much as possible before he scratches my arms and jumps out of my hands .
He can adjust his body to land on his feet , absorbing most amount of impact in the least damaging areas .
Advertisement
This iPhone cannot .
The iPhone 4 is not as drop resistant as a rabbit .
* * *
While the wife 's driving the two of us to McDonalds , I take the chance to catch up on email , Twitter , Giz and the latest episode of the Adam Carolla Show , flipping back and forth with fast app switching in iOS 4 .
Doubling the amount of RAM to 512MB is just like gas expanding to fill a vacuum — programs will find a use for it .
Along with the smoother transitions thanks to the faster processor , every flip between programs is fluid .
Things are kept fresh , ready for me when I need them .
Advertisement
I try to put down the phone , only to get bored and pick it up at the next red light .
The last time I charged the phone was yesterday morning , and it 's already past noon today .
20 % — not bad .
Better than the 3GS , because the battery is bigger .
Still , good thing I turned off Bluetooth .
Advertisement
Another red light .
I 'm motion sick ... possibly going to vomit .
But I can't stop playing with the phone .
* * *
It 's Friday night .
The guy from Hypermac surprises me at my table .
" You 're here with your family ? "
" Yup !
Did you get your iPhone 4 ? "
He waves takes his out and does the Miss Area Woman local parade wave .
I smile .
" Yup . "
Three years ago a waitress asked to see my first - generation iPhone .
I showed her .
Ten minutes went by .
She forgot to take my order .
I 'd forgotten , too , until she walked away .
Advertisement
Tonight 's waitress is n't as impressed .
" Oh , is that the new iPhone ?
My boyfriend has the old one .
Does this one drop fewer calls ?
Well , that 's good .
So what are you having ? "
Advertisement
The newness is gone , but that does n't mean people are n't still excited .
I text Mark and Matt .
They both reply within a minute — the fastest I 've seen them respond in the last six months .
It 's clear they were both playing with their phones , or at least , had them in reach .
Advertisement
* * *
I 'm taking photos of my food .
I do n't know why — I 've been here before , and I 'll come back again .
It has more to do with the act of taking the picture than the result , which is that I have a photo of what I 'm about to eat .
" Remember that , " I 'll think to myself some months down the line .
But I wo n't .
I might not remember how the meal tasted , or what happened , nor do I really need to .
There 's evidence .
Now the evidence is clearer and more saturated , with the better lens and smarter processing .
The colors pop .
They look more delicious than they do when I was actually there .
Advertisement
Test Notes : iPhone 4 Camera
The best camera is the one you have with you , so I carry a very nice point - and - shoot everywhere . …
Read more
I get up real close to shoot macros of my bunny .
The camera responds quicker than I 'd expect — quicker than other cellphone cams .
Sometimes , still , not quick enough .
Bunnies are fast .
Advertisement
I get in closer .
Autofocus kicks in , rendering orange - tinted shots that I will have to fix later in on my computer .
Wish there was white balance .
I get in even closer .
The limit 's reached , and the shots turn out blurry .
Bunny sniffs the phone .
* * *
Everything is more crisp .
I tap out a message and the new keyboard noises make the old 3GS keyboard noises seem muddy .
The speakers themselves are more clear as well , but a little softer .
Advertisement
The home screen .
The volume buttons .
The power button .
The screen itself .
Everything is crisper , sharper , more angular .
All softness is gone .
The rounded back , an awkward turtle - shell of necessity , is out .
It 's hard .
It is a hard phone .
Thirty times harder than plastic , as the too - often repeated marketing phrase goes .
But hard still shatters , as our own intern Ryan saw .
Advertisement
It was designed this way .
It 's probably a mistake .
Advertisement
* * *
The engineers have lost .
The industrial designers have won .
Antenna problems , confirmed by Apple themselves , are the symptom of a problem that goes into the heart of Apple 's product process .
Right brain won over left brain .
We all suffer .
Advertisement
I 'm making a call , trying to adjust myself to the phone , holding it at the top instead of the bottom , so as to not jeopardize reception .
What happened to Apple 's iPad marketing , where the device adjust itself to you ?
Why am I changing the way I 've held cellphones for the last decade to avoid a design issue ?
It feels foreign .
It feels like I might drop my phone .
Advertisement
Then I forget .
My hand slips down to the accustomed position , covering up the antenna with meat and sweat and humanity .
The call maintains .
There 's ever - so - slightly more distortion in the voice , but I can still hear the other person fine .
I 'm lucky to live in one of AT&T's well - covered areas .
Those with mediocre reception to begin with see a bigger impact , documented , when they use the death grip .
Advertisement
I 'm fiddling with the phone over 3G , flipping through maps , searching Twitter , checking mail .
The otherwise zippy phone feels winded .
There is no alternative to the death grip when I hold the phone in the left hand and point with the right — that 's the only way I can hold the phone .
I do n't want to get a case .
* * *
How was my $ 500 Sanyo camcorder , bought on that trip to Japan , obviated by a 720 p cellphone camera ?
The same way point and shoots and Flip minicams are now being eaten into with the camera that everyone has on them — the one on their phone .
And hell , this phone is actually better than most of those single - use devices .
Advertisement
My 1080 p Sanyo is fantastic .
It has one thousand and eighty pees .
Someone even emailed me to ask what camera it was , when I uploaded my own reception problem video .
But hell if I ever carry it with me , even if it 's only slightly bigger than my fist .
There 's only room for one fist in each of my pockets , and pocket one is spoken for .
The iPhone will be there .
It 's the camera that counts , the camera that 's with you when you get into a traffic accident , when someone 's about to do something stupid , when you 're doing something you 've never done before .
Advertisement
But I have to decide , do I put more consumable content on my phone , or do I save more of that 32 GB for making memories ?
* * *
Advertisement
My dad calls .
He needs his printer fixed , or he forgot how to log into Gmail , or he had a recurrence of old - person syndrome and entirely forgot how to use a computer .
It does n't matter which .
He asks me about the new iPhone .
I recommend he does n't get it .
" You actually make a lot of phone calls , unlike me .
Plus , AT&T is lousy where you are .
Plus there 's the reception issue , which gets exacerbated * when there 's low signal .
As for the rest , it 's improved in many ways .
But stick with what you 've got now . " **
Advertisement
* I did n't use the word " exacerbated " over the phone .
** Also , this conversation actually occurred in Chinese .
* * *
Flash
I surprise , no , shock , my wife with the iPhone flash in the dark .
She is not amused .
I am .
I am a child .
Advertisement
There 's now light where there was no light before .
Drunken New
York bar exploits will be all the clearer now , illuminating various conquests , trophies mounted on Facebook the next morning , all with tiny pupils adjusting to the harsh glare .
It 's not perfect , but it 's better than not having a flash .
I imagine thousands of these damn iPhone flashes at the next basketball game I go to , illuminating all of a full three feet ahead of these people , making the back of the bald guy 's head in Row 27 look amazingly clear .
Kobe , on the other hand , will still be lit just fine by the fluorescent bulbs of the Staples Center .
Advertisement
* * *
I keep picking up the phone , looking inside , and finding things to do .
I want to use it .
Advertisement
I can't go back to the 3GS .
The speed , the camera , the screen , the non-humpback , the video chatting .
Once you have it , you can't give it up .
Advertisement
But I 'm scared .
Not of dropping calls because I 'm holding it wrong — I do n't make a lot of them , and when I do , they 're not so critical that I can't call someone back .
Plus , I have a Batphone landline and work at home .
I 'm scared for data .
I can never hold the phone naturally because I 'm afraid I 'm getting a quarter of the speeds I was getting before .
Like a parent with a child too lazy or too difficult to live up to his potential , I 'm frustrated and confused and sad .
You love it too much , and you can't give it up , but something 's wrong .
So like most , I focus on the good qualities .
The speed , the camera , the screen .
So what if he throws a tantrum when I hold him wrong ?
He 's my boy .
Advertisement
* * *
Advertisement
Appendix
Test Notes
Design : Fragile Beauty
Screen Quality
Camera Quality
Call Quality
App Speed
FaceTime
iMovie
i Phone 4 Uploads 5 - 10 x Faster
Advertisement
Test Notes : iPhone 4 Screen
When I try to look for the pixels , I get close .
Then closer .
Before I can discern them , my vision …
Read more
Guides , Tips and Experiences
The Complete Guide to Using iOS 4
The Best Semi-Solutions for iPhone 4 Reception Problems So Far
The Apps Updated For iOS 4
The Incredibly Slow , Incredibly Hot Soho iPhone 4 Line
i Phone 4 Voice Command Cheat Sheet
Your iPhone 4 Warranty and Insurance Options
i Phone 4 and iPhone 3G Screens Compared Under Microscope
i Phone 4's Real Cost Versus Other Top Smartphones
Call Apple To Test Out FaceTime With A Real Person
StealthArmor
Is A More Attractive " Fix " Than A Bumper Case
How To Replace Your Broken iPhone 4 Screen
i Phone 4 Unboxing Video
6 Takes on Apple 's iPhone 4
The iPhone 4 Review ( By You )
Advertisement
Problems and Issues
If You Have These iPhone 4 Problems , You Should Exchange Your Phone
i Phone 4 Loses Reception When You Hold It By The Antenna Band
Test Shows iPhone Antenna Issue Impacts Voice Transmission Too
Apple Acknowledges iPhone 4 Reception Issues , Says Don't Hold
It Like that
Some iPhone 4 Displays Have Yellow Bands And Spots
Apple Says iPhone 4 Yellow Tint Problem is " Residue From Manufacturing "
First iPhone 4 Broken After One -Foot Drop
I Accidentally Broke My iPhone 4 on Day One
I Had My Shatter iPhone Replaced by Apple on Day 2
We Missed This : iPhone 4 Requires OS X 10.5.8
FaceTime Does Not Work Over Google Voice
White iPhone 4 Delayed Until Mid July
Advertisement
The iPhone Leak
The Tale of Apple 's Next iPhone
The Tale of Apple 's Next iPhone WWDC is coming up and it should bring a new iPhone .
Now , we 've taken a close look at the device and Read more
Advertisement
Illustration : Wendy MacNaughton
Even just a decade ago , major pieces of legislation in the U.S. Congress would be just a few dozen pages long .
But today , it seems like every time Congress passes an important bill it ends up being over a thousand pages long .
In fact , the final version of the new financial reform law was over 2,300 pages .
Overall , as we wrote about extensively in a previous article , this much - ballyhooed new law does a whole lot of nothing , but it turns out that lobbyists and special interests were able to insert a few nasty surprises that we are just now finding out about .
But it was the same thing with the health care reform law .
It was only after it was passed that most of us learned that it contained a provision that will force U.S. small businesses to collectively produce millions more 1099 tax forms each year .
Now small businesses from coast to coast are screaming bloody murder about that provision but it is too late – the law has already passed .
Unfortunately , there are some surprises in the recently passed financial reform law that are nearly just as bad .
So just what are those surprises ?
Well , first let ’s talk about what the financial reform law does not do .
The financial reform bill was supposed to “ fix ” Wall Street and the financial system , but it did not do much of anything … .
- It does nothing to address the problems with Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac .
- It does not eliminate “ too big to fail ” .
- It does absolutely nothing to eliminate the horrific bubble in the derivatives market .
- It does nothing to reform the organization most responsible for the recent financial crisis – the Federal Reserve .
In fact , this new law actually gives the Federal Reserve even more power .
But it does create a ton of new paperwork and a bunch of new government organizations .
Oh goody !
But was there any major law that Congress has passed over the last several years that did not increase the size and scope of government ?
That is a good question .
In any event , let ’s get to some of the nasty surprises contained in the new financial reform law … .
* Barack Obama has been running around touting how this new law will “ increase transparency ” in the financial world , but it turns out that a little - noticed provision of the new law exempts the Securities and Exchange Commission from virtually all requests for information by the public , including those filed under the Freedom of Information Act .
Not that the SEC was doing much good anyway .
But now the SEC ’s incompetence and the nefarious actions of those they are investigating will be hidden from public view .
So what makes the SEC so special that they get to block the public from seeing their records while other government agencies still have to comply with FOIA ?
Talk about ridiculous .
But there is actually another little surprise contained in the new law that is even more nasty … .
* Another little - noticed section deeply embedded in the financial reform law actually gives the federal government the authority to terminate government contracts with any “ financial firm ” that fails to ensure the “ fair inclusion ” of women and minorities in its workforce .
“ People have to be motivated and give up some of these comforts , ” said Janel Sterbentz , a 32 - year - old demonstrator from San Jose who said she had never owned a car .
The gulf spill , and the attention it has focused on the United States ’ oil dependency , is seen by some as an opportunity to push the environmental movement further  beyond merely green , mass transit first , or pro-cycling .
For some , the mission now is anti-car .
This notion may be anathema to most Californians , those who worship car culture , but that does not intimidate Joshua Hart , an organizer of the Arco protests , which have attracted as many as 100 demonstrators .
“ We need to use less fossil fuels , ” he said .
“ We need to have simpler lives . ”
Mr. Hart , 34 , of Menlo Park , said he was anti-car , not anti-driver .
“ We need to treat people who are addicted to their cars like people with an illness , people who are sick , rather than people who are intentionally destroying the planet , ” he said .
Image Joshua Hart was flanked by San Francisco police officers on July 2 after blocking the Fell Street entrance to an Arco station .
Credit ... Adithya Sambamurthy / The Bay Citizen
Mr. Hart said he had been arrested three times for protesting environmental issues .
He has not owned a car since 1999 and stopped flying in 2006 when he took trains and a cargo ship to travel to graduate school in England .
He said many environmental groups had not taken a strong enough stand against automobiles .
“ They ’re terrified of offending people , ” he said .
A comic surfaces despite the sun attempting to destroy both Wes & Tony .
LOS ANGELES  “ The Twilight Saga : Eclipse ” drew an estimated $ 161 million out of North American theaters in its first five days of release , a spectacular if not quite record - breaking result .
And in a surprise , audiences defied critics to make “ The Last Airbender ” No. 2 .
Box office analysts said the gross was big enough to rank “ Eclipse ” third on Hollywood ’s all - time list of Wednesday - opening movies , behind “ Transformers : Revenge of the Fallen ” ( 2009 ) and “ Spider - Man 2 ” ( 2004 ) , when adjusted for inflation .
Summit Entertainment , the studio behind “ Eclipse , ” projected that the movie would sell another $ 20 million on Monday for a six - day domestic total of about $ 181 million .
“ Eclipse , ” which was easily the No. 1 picture between Friday and Sunday , has sold an additional $ 100.2 million overseas , Summit said .
It has yet to open in important international markets like Germany , France and Britain .
“ We ’re particularly thrilled that this third movie broadened and deepened the franchise , ” said Richie Fay , Summit ’s president for domestic distribution , alluding to exit polls indicating that the audience was 35 percent male .
The turnout for “ The Twilight Saga : New Moon , ” the second film in the series , was only about 20 percent male , and that was higher than the first .
Presidential candidate Victoire Ingabiré Umuhoza , in court , at a bail hearing , six hours after being arrested in Kigali , Rwanda .
FDU - Inkingi Party
Professor Peter Erlinder , with the shaved head and pink prison costume that opposition leader Victoire Ingabire , whom he traveled to Rwanda to defend , wears now .
Rwanda News Agency
Slain Rwandan journalist Jean Leonard Rugembage .
Jean Bosco Gasasiras , Umuvugizi Editor
It seems that no lawyers , neither Rwandan nor foreign , will be able to defend Victoire Ingabire Umuhoza without themselves facing arrest by the Kagame regime , which arrested and incarcerated William and Mitchell Law Professor and international criminal lawyer Peter Erlinder for alleged " genocide ideology , " after hetraveled to Rwanda to defend presidential candidate Ingabire against the same charge .
" Genocide ideology " is a vague Rwandan statutory crime , which means disagreeing with the official history of the 1994 Rwanda Genocide , or , it often seems , disagreeing with the Kagame regime .
Erlinder , is back in the United States , after three weeks incarceration in Kigali , speaking out about Rwandan President Paul Kagame , whom he accuses of ordering the political assassinations that triggered the Rwanda Genocide , costing a million Rwandan lives , then racketeering to control the mineral wealth of neighboring D.R. Congo , at a cost of more than six million more lives .
Erlinder addressed the Chicago Chapter of the National Lawyers Guild on Wednesday , and on Thursday , back in Rwanda , Ingabire reported that officers of her FDU - Inkingi Party are being held and tortured in a Rwandan prison and that Kagame has now arrested and tortured the Rwandan lawyer who took Erlinder 's place .
Umuvugizi journalist Jean Leonard Rugembage was gunned down outside his home on the day of last week 's arrests , right after reporting that Kagame had ordered the attempted assassination of Rwandan exile General Kayumba Nyamwasa in Johannesburg , South Africa .
Rugembage 's Umuvugizi Editor , Jean Bosco Gasasira , who fled to Uganda , accuses Rwandan President Paul Kagame of using violence , assassination , arrest and torture to remain in power , and says that the US and UK arethe leading donors supporting his regime .
" The US and the UK are the main donors to Rwanda , but unfortunately , they are quiet , " Gasasira said .
" We are really desperate and we are really disappointed by their silence .
" Rwandan Police Chief Eric Kayiranga denied the allegations of torture and said that those who remain in prison are visited regularly because the prison does not provide food for them , which means that they have been getting food from those who visit them every day .
Graffiti Analysis : Sculptures is a series of new physical sculptures that I am making from motion tracked graffiti data .
New software ( GA 3D ) imports .gml files ( Graffiti Markup Language ) captured using Graffiti Analysis , creates 3D geometry based on the data and then exports a 3D representation of the tag as a .stl file ( a common file format compatible with most 3D software packages including Blender , Maya and 3DS Max ) .
Time is extruded in the Z dimension and pen speed is represented by the thickness of the model at any given point .
I then have this data 3D printed to create a physical sculpture that serves as a data visualization of the tag .
For the Street and Studio exhibition at the Kunsthalle Wein , I collaborated with an anonymous local Viennese graffiti writer and had the GA sculpture printed in ABS plastic .
Graffiti motion data of his tag was captured in the streets ( for the first time ) at various points around Vienna .
A version of the Graffiti Analysis 2.0 application loaded with data collected in the streets of Vienna during the course of the installation can be downloaded here : Linux | Windows | OSX
GA 3D was made in Open Frameworks and developed by Chris Sugrue .
The Graffiti Analysis sculpture in the Kunsthalle exhibit was printed by RedEye .
The project was supported in part by the Kunsthalle Wein .
Big thanks to Sydney Ogidan , Catherine Hug , Sigrid Mittersteiner and everyone at the Kunsthalle for their help .
Audio in the video above is by Dimlite and was ripped from Theo ’s Spring Mix 2010 .
GA 3D software and source code will be available at graffitianalysis.com shortly , follow @graffanalysis for updates .
I will also be premiering the new 3.0 version of Graffiti Analysis this week at Les grandes Traversées festival in Bordeaux ( more info on that soon ) .
Graffiti Analysis 3D
( anonymous Viennese Graffiti Writer ) , 2010
ABS Thermoplastic
49.0 cm x 367.4 cm x 257.7cm
If you ’re going to the exhibition at the Kunsthalle make sure to also check out the Graffiti Taxonomy installation I did along the project wall :
Your browser does not support iframes .
Bits of Metal and Boiled Chicken
PCP & Cannabis
Citation : sparkle kitty .
" Bits of Metal and Boiled Chicken : An Experience with PCP & Cannabis ( exp42094 ) " .
Erowid.org .
Nov 14 , 2006 .
erowid.org/exp/42094
DOSE :
1 cig. smoked Cannabis smoked PCP
BODY WEIGHT : 175 lb
The first time I tried PCP , I did n't know what it was .
It was on some weed , which was an unusual brown color , sold to a friend as ' chocolate thai ' .
I took a hit of it and it sure did n't taste like chocolate !
It tasted like weird , metal something like it was lead or something bizarre .
I was at the beach with some friends , and it started to kick in in maybe a few minutes .
I was walking back along the beach and I felt very rolled up and stretchy , like I was wrapped in something and fuzzed out , but I was kinda weird and not sure where my arms and feet were .
I walked by a lifeguard tower and was n't sure if I was passing it , or had passed it ... and could swear I had passed the same one at least three times .
Then I started getting further out and everything sounded wet and far away , and the scenery looked crooked and tall or far away , and kinda jumping from place to place , though not moving ... just seeming closer .
At somepoint I got really focused on the wetness and felt floating like in water and was n't sure if I was walking or aware if I was able to walk .
And then I was sort of fuzzy , not sure what was happening cause I was so in thought , but I felt stupid ... like my thoughts moved fast but my understanding could n't keep up .
Later , I was walking the other direction (? ) and was n't on the beach anymore .
I 'm not sure if I checked out , or if that was an illusion .
Eventually , I got back to my grandparent 's place , and I was majorly numbed out and was seeing things that were n't quite real , but were hard to shake ... like my friend at the table eating dinner slower and slower , until I could swear he stopped all together for what could have been a thousand years .
My other friend was really sweaty and red and I thought his skin was rubbery , and I saw it like it was swelling up like a boiled chicken .
Thinking this , he seemed more and more chicken - like and I was convinced my grandparents would see him and my statue friend and know we were tripping and throw us out , and I got very very paranoid ( I was in high school at this time ) .
They did n't , and we somehow ( I do n't know if we talked about it , or if I could have understood if we did ) decided to go to bed early ( about 5:30 ) .
We all ended up sleeping for over 24 hours straight , and I felt more wrecked than I ever had before the next day , and the next several days ... not tripping particularly , but weird sounds and feelings of touch all fuzzed out and distances and angles looking bizarre .
By and large I enjoyed the first time , so I decided to try it again about 2 months later .
This time , I must have smoked a lot more , cause it was light years beyond what I experienced then .
After I 'd smoked the joint , tasting that awful metalish taste , I walked inside to take a piss , when the floor was a million miles away and I could barely see the toilet .
Then I was seeing something like tracers from acid , but fuzzier , less distinct , and I felt my insides moving with the world around them .
I do n't know how the hell I got out of the bathroom but then I was in the living room .
All browns and mahoganies like dirt and the ceiling seemed soooooo high and I seemed tiny with this great grandfather clock arced down toward me like staring ... and I saw something like eyes and red something and I could feel bits pulsing through me , coarsing in all directions at once .
Little balls or sharps or something of lead or steel metal and I knew I had been poisoned .
I was dying , and the metal was flowing through my veins and my nerves and I was dying , going completely insane !
I heard wet , garbled noises and I could n't tell what direction they were coming from , nor what direction I was looking .
My perspective seemed to have nothing to do with any kind of movement , and I was n't sure when I had moved or where I would go .
The arc of the darkness of the wood and the clock and the metal was overwhelming and then suddenly I was out in the den .
My friend was there and it seemed like hours had gone by .
He was speaking something but the sound seemed to come from nowhere distinct , flat , and too fast or too much to piece together .
But I could hear something like my voice , distorted , unclear but some conversation was going on .
The darkness outside the window was blazing black like I could get absorbed and I could n't turn away .
I remember thinking that everything seemed to be going a thousand million miles an hour but my brain was slowed to a crawl .
The metal poison feeling was gone , but I was think , heavy and separated from my body , like watching myself move but unable to control or know where I would go .
We went ( somehow ? ) to another room and played Nintendo , and I seemed to be playing , though I could n't tell who was playing , somehow it was happening .
I looked over at my friend and he was so stiff , rigid and his skin seemed really tight , frozen , crystalized and like a rock , and the rocklikeness of him was so profound that he seemed totally concrete .
Then a flash of a cheshire cat freak smile ( did I imagine it ? ) totally blew me away , and floated apart from his face in the air for what seemed like minutes .
The heaviness of him I felt in my brain , and the dirty concrete solidifying , contaminated inside me spreading throughout my body and I was sure I was going to be a statue too .
And at this point I must have gotten stuck , because I lose what happened for a while .
When I came sort of back , I was in the den again and outside the window it was bright screaming daylight like mercury sky shimmering through my whole being .
I got lost again in the brilliance , some sound bringing me back music I could n't tell what it was and then ... DAYLIGHT !
Paranoia blazed and my heart was about to explode when I realized I had stood frozen in the den all night and it was day and my friend 's parents had come home and they had found us and we were so busted and I could n't come down and ohmygodohmygodohmygod !!!!
Then ... nights .
Black , not even shadows and thinking stars and little bits bits bits of metal in the sky and it was still the same night , could be minutes or years and I was so fuzzed out the paranoia was slipped down and I finally walked into the bedroom and laid down on the floor , seeing what I was thinking but not really , kind of glowing fuzz like an after image , but there was afterimages everywhere and what was here and what was there in my head ?
And the motion all through the night , things moving , sinking , jumping big small close crooked like moving lightspeed in place , sinking huge on the floor and brain pieces fuzzed somethings and the everywhere sounds , warped sped and watery .
I woke up the next day after sleeping for maybe 8 hours and I was still fuzzed out really bad , with the afterimages and barely able to make sense of conversation .
Things still did n't move right , stopping while I was still moving or not the same speed I was moving .
I would n't even try to drive for over a week , and I was sure my brain had been permanently damaged .
I 'd see blazing mercury flashes out of nowhere and could n't see anything , and my eyes were twitchy and weird and could n't focus right at all .
The weird sounds and movements and seeing afterimages of things I thought about lasted for weeks , in fits and starts , and I had flashbacks for a long time .
I no longer use drugs at all , because moderation just does n't work for me .
But what I leared that year is that with street drugs , dose is always a big question mark .
The first time had its paranoid bizarre semi-visuals , but it felt really good by and large .
But the second time I can't believe I did n't die from a heart attack or go permanently psychotic .
Nothing I 've experienced on any other drug compares , and it was without a doubt the scariest experience of my life .
Talking Carl is an iPhone app that records snippets of audio and then plays it back at a higher pitch .
If you put two Talking Carls next to each other , this is what you get :
Note to Mouser and Aaron : parrot feedback !
( thx , matt )
Every year since 1990 , the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration has released an annual report detailing the state of the climate .
Early versions were typewritten and authored by a handful of experts .
The new version is a shiny , 218 - page PDF penned by more than 300 scientists from around the world .
Nevertheless , the message has changed little over the years : the world is warming .
The 2009 report continues to document a number of weather - related records , the number of which seem to be growing every year .
This year 's highlights :
The hottest decade on record .
The third - lowest Arctic sea ice extent since 1979 .
The warmest and second - warmest years on record for India and Australia , respectively .
And carbon dioxide concentrations that are increasing at a rate well above average .
Click for full size
Also notable in the 2009 report is the amount of space dedicated to explaining the methods and data behind the sections on climate change .
A two - page sidebar in the chapter on global surface temperatures ( “ How we know the world has warmed ? ” in chapter two [ PDF ] ) details three major climate models for the layperson .
The authors even constructed interactive figures — complete with links to the original data — so anyone can probe the data for themselves .
“ Despite the variability caused by short - term changes , the analysis conducted for this report illustrates why we are so confident the world is warming , ” Peter Stott , head of Climate Monitoring and Attribution at the Hadley Met Office , said in a statement .
“ When we follow decade - to - decade trends using multiple data sets and independent analyses from around the world , we see clear and unmistakable signs of a warming world . ”
Global average surface temperatures have risen 0.2 °C above the 1990s average and 0.3 °C above the 1980s average .
Those values are large given the short time span , but seem mild considering that the report estimates 90 percent of the warming over the past 50 years has been absorbed by the oceans .
The polar regions are again proving especially vulnerable to the warming climate .
Arctic sea ice extents have been reaching repeated record minimums .
And while the Antarctic sea ice was near normal levels this year , the Antarctic Peninsula has been warming at a rate five times the global average .
Boreal ecosystems have been hit hard with rising permafrost temperatures and lengthening green seasons , or the time between plant green - up and senescence .
Glaciers — another climate change victim — continued their global retreat .
Preliminary data suggests 2009 will have been the 19th consecutive year where more glacier ice was lost than was gained .
Greenland ’s glaciers that spill into the sea lost 101 square kilometers of ice , pushing total losses over 1,000 square kilometers for the decade .
The authors of the report drew on 37 different variables — seven more than just two years ago — ranging from air temperature to seawater carbon dioxide levels to subsurface ocean currents .
Ten of these received in - depth commentary and analysis .
The report also details the finer climate patterns that help explain year - to - year variations .
The previous years ’
La Niña disappeared , replaced by an intensifying El Niño .
Sea surface temperatures began noticeably rising in June 2009 and were 2 °C warmer by December .
This transition , the authors note , is largely responsible for the decreased hurricane and cyclone activity in 2009 .
The report does not include any weather data from this year , which NOAA points out is on track to be the hottest ever recorded .
Listing image by Jacques Descloitres , MODIS Rapid Response Team , NASA / GSFC
Lindsay Lohan Sentenced to 90 Days in Jail , 90 Days of Rehab Lindsay Lohan sentenced to 90 days in jail , 90 days of rehab .
July 6 , 2010  -- Bawling and broken , Lindsay Lohan learned today that she 's going back to jail .
Beverly Hills judge Marsha Revel declared the 24 - year - old starlet in violation of probation for her 2007 DUI conviction for failing to attend court - ordered alcohol education classes .
Revel sentenced Lohan to 90 days in jail followed by 90 days in - patient rehab .
Following Revel 's ruling , Lohan broke down sobbing , barely sputtering a " yes " when Revel asked if she understood and accepted the terms of her probation .
Revel ordered Lohan to surrender on July 20 at 8:30 a.m. PT .
According to Steve Whitmore , spokesperson for the Los Angeles County Sheriff 's department , Lohan will serve her time at the Century Regional Detention Center in Lynwood , California and will be segregated from the general jail population .
Lohan may only end up serving a few weeks of her 90 day jail sentence -- Whitmore noted that " female , non-violent prisoners will do about 25 - percent of their sentence " because L.A. jails suffer from " an overcrowding sitution . "
After the hearing , Lisa Bloom , the attorney for Lohan 's estranged father , Michael , said that if the starlet had followed their advice and gone to rehab , she might not be facing jail time now .
Michael Lohan has long maintained that his daughter is addicted to prescription drugs .
" If she had gone to rehab anytime over the last several months , when we were begging her to go to rehab , she could have avoided all of this , " Bloom said .
" Where she belongs is rehab .
We do n't believe incarceration is the place for addicts . "
Lohan in Court : ' I 've Tried to Do the Best I Can '
Prior to learning her fate , Lohan pleaded her case to the court .
" I just wanted to take a minute to say that , as far as I knew , I was being in compliance with my programs , " she started .
" When I asked to leave town , [ the alcohol ed program ] would give me permission to leave town . "
" I was n't expecting any special treatment aside from the understanding that I have to provide for myself , I have to work .
My schedule is , unfortunately , very different , " she continued .
" Having said that , I did do everything I was told to do and did the best I could to balance jobs and showing up . "
Then , the tears started flowing .
Lohan held her head in her hands as she attempted to compose herself .
She went on talking , and at times , sounded incomprehensible .
" I know that I was ordered to go once a week .
... I was working , mostly , I was working with children , it was n't vacation , it was n't some sort of a joke , " she said , sniffling .
" I wanted to make sure that I would come back here making you happy and the court system . "
Lohan pulled herself together for the conclusion of her monologue .
" I 'm not taking this as a joke .
It 's my life , it 's my career , " she said .
" I 've learned from my experiences , I take responsibility for my actions , I 've tried to do the best I can . "
Her best was n't good enough in the court 's eyes .
" She knew [ the prosecutor ] would be asking for jail time and yet still after all that , she did n't comply with the court order and the court does find her in violation of her probation , " Revel said .
Prosecutor Danette Meyers went to great lengths to show the degree to which Lohan violated her probation by failing to attend weekly alcohol education classes according to the schedule set by Revel .
Lohan 's Tuesday hearing lasted for hours .
Shortly after it began , Revel demanded to see documents detailing Lohan 's performance in the Right On alcohol education program .
Revel called a recess so that Meyers could review the documents .
Also at issue : Lohan 's SCRAM -- secure continuous remote alcohol monitoring -- bracelet , and whether the fact that it went off on June 7 should be considered in determining whether or not she violated her probation .
Ultimately , Revel decided the hearing would focus only on Lohan 's alcohol ed class attendence , despite the fact that SCRAM experts flew in to potentially weigh in on the device .
Two representatives from the Right On alcohol education program testified at the hearing .
Cheryl Marshall , co-owner of Right On , said that Lohan failed to attend the required minimum of one class per week nine times , but Right On never notified the judge that there was a problem .
She added that Lohan came up with a variety of excuses for missing class .
That did n't sit well with prosecutor Meyers .
" [ Lohan ] clearly violated your orders , " she told the judge .
" She was to abide by all rules and regulations of the court . "
Things did n't get better for Lohan outside the courtroom .
According to TMZ.com , the company Tough As Nails served her with civil lawsuit papers in a court house elevator .
Lohan is being sued by Church , a store owned by Tough As Nails , for failing to pay for more than $ 17,000 worth of clothing and accessories .
Lohan's Cruel Summer
It 's been a rough summer for Lohan .
Her latest hearing stemmed from her SCRAM bracelet going off on June 7 at an MTV Movie Awards after party .
After that , Revel doubled the actress 's bail to $ 200,000 , and demanded she return to court today .
Revel slapped the SCRAM bracelet on Lohan after she failed to show up for a mandatory hearing in her DUI case in May .
( Lohan 's excuse : She was stuck at the Cannes Film Festival , where her passport was stolen . )
The starlet could n't even catch a break for her 24th birthday -- a waitress purportedly punched Lohan at her Thursday night party at Los Angeles ' Voyeur Nightclub because of their shared infatuation with British rugby player Danny Cipriani .
Lohan tweeted about the incident Thursday night , writing , " A waitress just hit me - punched me for no reason . "
In response , the waitress in question , Jasmine Waltz , told RadarOnline.com , " that disturbed little train wreck is delusional !
I did not hit her ... but I 'd like to . "
Lohan countered : " Hahahahahahahahaha . "
This will be Lohan 's second time in jail .
She spent 84 minutes in prison in 2007 after she pleaded guilty to two misdemeanor counts of being under the influence of cocaine and no contest to two counts of driving with a blood - alcohol level above 0.08 percent and one count of reckless driving .
2007 was also the year of two very public arrests for Lohan .
She was sentenced to three years of probation but requested a one - year extension in October after failing to complete her alcohol - education courses on time .
ABC News ' David Alpert and The Associated Press contributed to this report .
( CNN ) --
A fire in Chicago 's subway system Sunday left at least 12 people with smoke - related injuries -- five of them in serious condition , according to a fire official .
Railroad ties in a tunnel near the city 's Clark Street station caught fire after apparently being ignited by sparks from passing trains , said Larry Langford , a spokesman for the Chicago Fire Department .
Ten ambulances responded to the fire , which poured " heavy smoke , " Langford said .
A photo snapped by a passer - by shows thick , black smoke billowing above ground .
i Reporter captures photo of a smoke - filled intersection
Service to the subway 's Red Line was disrupted and trains were being rerouted to the system 's elevated tracks , the Chicago Transit Authority said .
In addition to the five people listed in serious condition at local hospitals , four others were in stable condition and three in good condition , Langford said .
According to Langford , such fires are not uncommon in Chicago during the summer months when dry conditions and sparks combine , though he noted that railroad - tie fires typically occur on lines above ground .
CNN 's Greg Morrison contributed to this report .
Image caption Lung cancer is the second most common cancer in the UK after breast
People with plenty of a B - vitamin in their blood appear to be at a reduced risk of lung cancer , even if they smoke , a European study suggests .
High levels of Vitamin B6 and the amino acid methionine cut the risk by half , a study of 400,000 people suggested .
These occur naturally in nuts , fish and meat or can be taken as supplements .
But experts told the Journal of the American Medical Association that stopping smoking remained the best way of reducing lung cancer risk .
And , as yet , it is too early to say that taking vitamins would provide any extra protection , they say .
Higher vitamin levels could simply reflect healthier lifestyles .
More studies are needed before scientists can be confident that increasing levels of B- vitamins in the diet can reduce the risk of lung cancer , and also to understand why this might be , says the World Cancer Research Fund ( WCRF ) which was involved in the research .
Healthy diet
Dr Panagiota Mitrou , of the WCRF , said : " These findings are really exciting as they are important for understanding the process of lung cancer and could have implications for prevention .
" But while this is an important study , it is vital that we get the message across to smokers that increasing intake of B - vitamins is not - and never will be - a substitute for stopping smoking . "
Vitamin B levels might be higher in people who eat a healthy diet , and this in itself can help reduce the risk of cancer Dr Joanna Owens , Cancer Research UK
However , it could mean that ex-smokers and people who have never smoked can do something positive to reduce their risk of lung cancer , she said .
The study looked at nearly 400,000 people from 10 European countries over eight years .
They included people who had never smoked , current smokers and ex-smokers .
Regardless of their smoking status , the people with higher circulating levels of both Vitamin B6 and methionine in their blood appeared to be protected against lung cancer .
Far fewer of them developed lung tumours over the course of the study compared with those with the lowest levels of the essential nutrients - 129 people versus 408 respectively , out of a total of 899 cancer cases overall .
Dr Paul Brennan , lead researcher of the study from the International Agency for Research on Cancer , said : " If further research does confirm our findings then the next step would be to identify the optimum B - vitamin levels for reducing future cancer risk . "
Dr Joanna Owens , of Cancer Research UK , said : " Although this study suggests a link between vitamin B levels in the blood and reduced risk of lung cancer , this does n't prove that vitamin B can directly protect against the disease .
" Vitamin B levels might be higher in people who eat a healthy diet , and this in itself can help reduce the risk of cancer .
" The most important way to prevent lung cancer is to stop smoking .
No amount of vitamins can counteract the risks posed by smoking . "
A man famous for walking through Silver Lake , Los Feliz , and Echo Park neighborhoods every day since the ' 80s was found dead Wednesday in a backyard hot tub .
The Los Angeles County Coroner identified the man as 58 - year - old Marc Abrams .
Dr. Abrams was also known as " Silver Lake Walkin ’ Guy , ” “ The Reader Walker , ” “ Dr. Jogger ” and “ The Walking Man ” who was found in a backyard pool Wednesday afternoon along Moreno Drive .
Abrams , who closed his medical practice last year , was a part of the eclectic fabric that makes up the landscape of communities that surround Silver Lake Reservoir near Downtown Los Angeles .
He could be seen every day rain or shine trekking through his neighborhoods , bare - chested and in tiny shorts .
Abrams was the subject of an LA Times audio slideshow that chronicled his daily routine .
The retired doctor walked hunched over , usually reading a newspaper -- even at night .
" I read at night , " he told the Times .
" I take a small flashlight along with me .
I get my newspapers read during my morning walk .
At night , I read books and magazines .
I subscribe to about 20 magazines a month . "
He was a well - known fixture and upset neighbors told NBCLA Thursday night he will be sorely missed .
" He was really like this perpetual motion machine that you thought was always going to be there , " a resident told NBCLA .
He walked with the kind of purpose that made you wonder if he ever stopped .
But he did -- at least for one worker at a Silver Lake restaurant .
" I just thought that was really sweet for a man that does n't even really stop to talk -- you have to walk with him -- to stop and tell a really tired waitress that she brightens up his day , " the Local Restaurant server said .
LA Weekly caught up with him in April 2009 :
" I do it to stay in shape , " he says .
" There ’s nothing deeper about it .
I just walk for the exercise , for the sun , to see my friends , to catch up , to get my newspapers read . "
Originally from Philadelphia , Abrams says his family , many of whom were athletes , did n’t have money for a car when he was young so they walked everywhere .
He attended medical school at Stanford , and was always very active .
He opened his Valley Village family practice back in 1988 , starting with zero and building it to what he estimates at about 17,000 patients today .
Abrams was so famous an artist made a mural depicting him doing his Silver Lake " Walking Man " thing with images of Old LA as the backdrop .
The mural can be viewed at Local , 2943 West Sunset Blvd or by clicking here .
A pair of shoes and some flowers were placed in front of the mural Thursday .
The artist , Nicky Gagliarducci , visited the site Thursday .
" He was like a ghost in the same way the city feels like a ghost , " Gagliarducci told Curbed LA .
" He seemed to always be there .
You 'd turn the corner , and be like , ' Woah , did n't I just see you down the block ? ' "
A coroner 's spokesman told NBCLA an autopsy was scheduled for Thursday .
According to the LAPD , the case is being investigated as a potential suicide , the LA Times reported .
The official cause of death is pending .
The Times reported that his wife , Cindy , found him dead in the hot tub .
Thanks to Eastsider11 for passing along this Facebook page .
The memorial page was " Liked " by 60 people as of 8 a.m .
By noon , that number was more than 450 as word spread of the Walking Man 's death .
A few hours later , the Rename the Silver Lake Reservoir path " Marc Abrams Memorial Loop " page popped up .
A memorial walk is scheduled for noon , Sunday .
Walkers will leave from 2100 West Silver Lake Drive , near the start of Abrams ' route .
He outlined the route for Silver Lake News in 2004 :
" I usually loop around the lake , and then go down West Silverlake to Rowena , and then Hyperion , and then Griffith Park Blvd. down Sunset , back down Silverlake to the reservoir , and then back and loop around the lake again .
So it ’s about 15 miles altogether . "
He also told the newspaper he once walked into a gate -- too focused on his newspaper -- and always wore SPF 50 sunscreen .
Follow NBCLA for the latest LA news , events and entertainment : Twitter : @NBCLA // Facebook : NBCLA
Yesterday we had a first look at the costume design for Marvel Studios ’ “ Captain America : The First Avenger ” via some leaked concept design artwork .
Today , the same style concept art has leaked for Marvel ’s “ Thor ” over at Collider .
Though we already saw the first photo of Chris Hemsworth as the titular Norse God last month ,
The close - up nature of the shot did n’t reveal much beyond some of his upper torso .
The new shots on the other hand are full body shots including the cape , a lot more leather than expected , even the glowing hammer .
Click the shot below to check out further sketches :
International outcry - and the pleas of a devoted son - seem to have saved an Iranian woman from being stoned to death for adultery .
But while Sakineh Mohammedie Ashitani has been granted a reprieve , she is not the only woman sentenced to be stoned for adultery in Iran .
There have been at least six sentences carried out since 2006 , says Ann Harrison , an Iran expert at Amnesty International in London .
Adultery is the only crime that carries such a penalty in Iranian law , she said .
Only a handful of countries have laws calling for stoning , and Iran is the only one that carries out executions that way , Amnesty International records suggest .
That is because Islam does n't really want the punishment to be carried out , says Ziba Mir-Hosseini , an Iranian - born campaigner against the practice .
" Stoning is not a Quranic punishment , it is Islamic jurisprudence .
It happened later , " says Mir-Hosseini , an expert on Iranian family law at London 's School of Oriental and African Studies .
" The punishment for any kind of sexual relations ( outside of marriage ) in the Quran is 100 lashes , " she says .
Stoning is based on sayings from the Prophet Mohammed , known collectively as the hadith , says Mohammed Ali Musawi , a research fellow at the Quilliam Foundation , which describes itself as an " anti-extremist think tank . "
Under the letter of Islamic law , it 's nearly impossible to prove adultery , he says .
" How you prove adultery or fornication is to have four male witnesses - or two women for every male equivalent - all of them known to be upright , with no questions about their moral character , who witnessed the actual act of intercourse between the male and the female , " he says .
" Basically , in normal life , this is next to impossible , to have four people testify that in the same place , at the same time , they saw the act of penetration , " he argues .
False testimony can itself be punished with whipping , he says , because " it is such a severe sin . "
" As you can imagine , if people were following these laws as they are stated , there would be next to no stonings , " he says .
Even if someone confesses to serious sexual impropriety , they should be sent away three times to reconsider their confessions , he says , and only punished if they have admitted it four times , he adds .
But Iranian law is different , Mir-Hosseini says .
" In the case of this woman and other cases , the standard is ' the judge 's knowledge , ' " she says - in other words , whether the judges believe adultery has been committed .
She sees stoning as a way of putting pressure on women , she says , particularly in provincial areas .
" So far there have been no sentences of stoning in Tehran , only in the provinces .
It happens when the judge has a grudge against the woman , " she argues , although she notes that only the Iranian Ministry of Justice has full records of how many stonings there have been , and where .
Men , too , can be stoned for adultery in Iran , she says .
The practice was banned under the secularizing Iranian shahs of the early 20th century , she says , then reinstated after the Islamic revolution of 1979 .
" After the revolution , one of the first things the clerics wanted to do was put aside the 1920 secular legal code , " which was based on French law , she explains .
" In 1982 , the parliament called for Islamic punishments , " she says .
There was some resistance from senior clerics , but the founder of the revolution , Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini , intervened to get it passed .
Stoning remained law in the updated 1992 penal code , she says , but in the first draft of a 2007 revision , it was n't there .
" After the intervention of ( hard - line President Mahmoud ) Ahmadinejad , it was restored , " she says .
That new legal code has not yet been approved , she says .
It 's not clear who will win the battle over the code working its way through the system now , she says , but it does include a potentially face - saving way to keep stoning on the books without having to carry it out .
" There is a provision that , in cases where stoning causes harm to Islam , it can be substituted with other punishments , " she says .
She thinks it 's no accident that people are being stoned these days , amid political unrest in Iran .
" It has become a political matter , " she contends .
" Whenever there is a dispute between traditionalists and reformers in the judiciary , " stonings increase .
" Stoning is one of those issues that has really ( been problematic ) for the Islamic republic because it is not accepted by society , including the judiciary , " she claims .
But there continue to be stonings , she says , because " like anywhere else , you have hardliners .
You have radicals . "
Senator Olympia J. Snowe , Republican of Maine , said Monday that she was prepared to support the final version of legislation to overhaul the nation ’s financial regulatory system , putting the Senate in a position to complete the bill by week ’s end .
Earlier on Monday , Senator Scott Brown , Republican of Massachusetts , said that he , too , was ready to approve the bill after pondering it over the Fourth of July recess .
Senate Democrats need the backing of at least three Republicans in order to advance the financial regulatory overhaul .
Party leaders had thought they might need to wait until next week for Gov. Joe Manchin III of West Virginia to name a replacement for the late Senator Robert C. Byrd , who had supported the bill .
But with Senator Susan Collins , Republican of Maine , already indicated her intention to support the measure , the announcements by Ms. Snowe and Mr. Brown made clear that Democrats would have the 60 votes needed to close debate and move to a final vote .
Senator Charles E. Grassley , Republican of Iowa , had supported the earlier Senate version of the legislation but has not said how he would vote .
Mr. Grassley has said he is concerned about some of the ways Democrats have proposed to pay for $ 20 billion in administrative costs for the regulatory bill .
Mr. Grassley voted in favor of the Troubled Asset Relief Program to rescue the financial system in October 2008 , but against the economic stimulus measure .
His aides have said that he has ongoing concerns about the way the TARP program was administered , and that he did not like the idea of using spending authority freed up by ending the TARP early to help pay for the regulatory overhaul .
Mr. Grassley has said that any money left over from the TARP should be used to reduce the deficit .
In her statement , Ms. Snowe said the regulatory bill would help prevent future economic crises .
“ To ensure we avoid another financial catastrophe such as the one that plunged our nation into the worst recession since the Great Depression , it is imperative that we implement an aggressive overhaul of the American financial regulatory system , ” she said .
“ And this effort must include real and substantial consequences for those whose reckless actions caused the crisis in the first place while guaranteeing the transparency and accountability of taxpayer dollars .
After thoroughly reviewing the 2,315 - page financial regulatory reform conference bill during the July 4 work period , I intend to support passage of the legislation when it ’s brought before the Senate for consideration . ”
Anticipating a delay , the Senate majority leader , Harry Reid of Nevada , had planned to work on a bill to bolster lending , and provide tax breaks , to small businesses .
Under normal Senate procedure , it would probably take until Thursday to hold a final vote on the financial regulatory bill , unless Senate Republican leaders agree to allow a vote to happen sooner .
Looking for the federal government to come to the rescue of newspapers ?
Do n’t hold your breath .
The Federal Trade Commission has set out on the somewhat quixotic journey of trying to identify ways to save journalism as we know it from possible extinction .
Through a series of public forums , the last of which will take place in Washington on Tuesday , the commission has been gathering and analyzing an array of suggestions to help make the business of gathering and reporting news profitable again .
A broad range of ideas  loosening antitrust statutes to allow news organizations to start charging for online content all at once ; imposing a tax on iPads and other electronic devices to subsidize the cost of reporting ; creating a public fund akin to AmeriCorps to pay young journalists  have been suggested .
But the commission could easily sidestep making any recommendations to Congress or invoking its regulatory powers , and instead issue something along the lines of an analysis of its findings .
The commission is expected to produce a final study late this year .
Susan S. DeSanti , director of the commission ’s office of policy planning and the person overseeing the “ reinvention of journalism ” study , as it is known , said that coming up with a set of suggestions now could be premature , given the state of flux in the news business .
Well , that was quick .
Not only has Apple already posted the complete video of today 's iPhone 4 presser ( minus the Q&A ) , but it 's also put up a special " smartphone antenna performance " page that offers pictures and videos aplenty of the antenna comparisons shown during the press conference .
And you did n't think today could get any weirder .
Hit up the links below to see for yourself . :
We 've embedded videos just after the jump of Apple 's gamut of antenna tests .
The iPhone 3GS , iPhone 4 , Samsung Omnia II , BlackBerry Bold 9700 and HTC Droid Eris are represented .
Es una exposición itinerante que por segunda ocasión se encuentra en el Distrito Federal Foto Guillermo Sologuren
Herbert Jäckle , de la Sociedad Max Planck , inaugura
El túnel de la ciencia en Universum
La falta de inversión en el área se traduce en el reducido número de investigadores que posee , pese a su enorme potencial de talentos , dice el alemán
La muestra multimedia cerrará en agosto
Nevada - based Aerion Corporation is championing the comeback of supersonic air travel in the form of a new executive jet .
The company says it has already received $ US4 billion in orders for the Aerion Supersonic Business Jet , which it expects to be launched in 2014 .
At its top speed , the company says the jet will shave about three hours off the flight time between Paris and New York .
In theory , you could take - off from Paris at 8 am and touch down in New York in time for a breakfast meeting .
Cessna is also building a jet called the Cessna Citation X .
It is claimed to be the fastest civilian aircraft in the sky , cruising just shy of the sound barrier at Mach .92 .
Transcript for Obama Looking for an ' Ass to Kick '
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100 % accurate .
I have followed Roy Spencer ’s work for a while on trying to measure climate feedback effects from satellite data .
In general , I give him Kudos for actually working on what is really THE critical problem that separates climate catastrophe from climate rounding error .
It is good someone is working on this , rather than , say , how global warming might affect toad mating , or whatever .
I have never been totally convinced by this part of Spencer ’s work .
Again , I give him kudos for trying to isolate the effect of single variables in a complex system through actual observation , rather than the lazy approach of running experiments inside computer models of dubious accuracy .
I am not convinced he has achieved this , but I must admit I have not spent a ton of time working it through .
Anyway , Spencer has a long discussion of his methodology in answer to some critics .
I reserve judgment until I have studied it further .
But I was captivated by this bit :
On the positive side , though , MF10 have forced us to go back and reexamine the methodology and conclusions in SB08 .
As a result , we are now well on the way to new results which will better optimize the matching of satellite - observed climate variability to the simple climate model , including a range of feedback estimates consistent with the satellite data .
It is now apparent to us that we did not do a good enough job of that in SB08 .
Really ?
You shared your data , were criticized , and are modifying your approach based on this criticism ?
I thought from the study of the habits of mainstream climate scientists the correct scientific procedure was to 1 ) hide your data like it was Russian nuclear secrets ; 2 ) prevent any opposing view from getting published ; and 3 ) defend a flawed methodology by getting 10 of your friends to use the same methodology and summarize it all in an IPCC spaghetti graph .
I hesitate to use the word " bad . "
Bad Religion 's Into the Unknown was bad .
The Clash 's Cut the Crap was bad .
Yet behind these misguided endeavors was a noble spirit , earnest musicianship , and at least moments of greatness ( in " It's Only Over When ... " and " This Is England , " respectively ) .
More on this later .
Every once in a while , a band comes along that is so bad , so mind - numbingly appalling , such an artistically bankrupt abomination that you are literally embarrassed to be a part of the same species as the Neanderthalic fucking retards that produce this aural vomit .
Ladies and gentlemen , I present to you : Brokencyde .
While Brokencyde 's first significant release , BC13 , flew under the radar mainly as a sleeper hit on MySpace , their debut full - length album , I 'm Not a Fan , But the Kids Like It ! has 17 tracks , guest appearances , and even charted at # 86 on the Billboard 200 charts its debut week .
Certainly , the band must have branched out a little , expanded their repertoire and gained some much needed maturity , right ?
I mean , obvious references to drugs , drinking and sex gets old after a five - song EP ; they had to explore new ideas in the over one - hour running time of their new album , right ?
Heh .
Astoundingly , the band took the sole theme from their previous EP and managed to beat that dead horse even more .
Did you like that one recycled crunk beat ?
Great , you 're going to hear it 17 times in a row here !
On this go - around , Brokencyde do n't stick to just ripping off crunk beats -- they 've blown their lyrical wad and are now resorting to ripping off lyrics from legitimate hip - hop artists .
For example , one of the songs on this album , " Tipsy , " details going to a club , drinking , and having sexual escapades .
Sound familiar ?
That 's because J - Kwon wrote the same song six years ago , even giving it the exact same title .
Compare the choruses :
J - Kwon : " Everybody in the club getting tipsy "
Brokencyde : " We gonna get a little tipsy when we hit the club "
Granted , most of Brokencyde 's fans were eight years old when J - Kwon 's " Tipsy " came out , but this blatant disregard for artistic integrity is perhaps the most offensive thing about I 'm Not a Fan .
They do n't even try to be real musicians .
For fuck 's sake , one of the members sole responsibility is to run a fog machine and strobe lights .
When Bad Religion and the Clash released mediocre records , it was an attempt at creating something honest and legitimate .
Brokencyde revels in stupid .
They revel , as revealed in the album title , at being scorned by virtually everyone other than the most gullible teenagers .
For this reason , I hesitated before writing such a negative review of this album .
I need n't provide any more masturbatory fodder for these guys to feed off of .
Then I saw the music video for their song " Freaxxx , " which appears on this album .
In this video , which is linked below , a cute blonde girl smiles and bobs her head at the camera while two of the fucking slimeballs in this band hold her by the throat and scream " LIAR ! " I was in disbelief , and realized that it is truly impossible to be too negative or too hard on this wretched group of people .
Fuck this band .
Hard .
The kids do n't like it .
Ring of Fire
Jefferson Tester :
The figure for the whole world is on the order of 100 million exojoules or quads [ a quad is one quadrillion BTUs ] .
This is the part that would be useable .
We now use worldwide just over 400 exojoules per year .
So you do the math , and you know you 've got a very big source of energy .
How much of that massive resource base could we usefully extract ?
Imagine that only a fraction of a percent comes out .
It 's still big .
A tenth of a percent is 100,000 quads .
You have access to a tremendous amount of stored energy .
And assessment studies have shown that this is thousands of times in excess of the amount of energy we consume per-year in the country .
The trick is to get it out of the ground economically and efficiently and to do it in an environmentally sustainable manner .
That 's what a lot of the field efforts have focused on .
_ TechReview
Using EGS , producers drill deeply into hot rocks and pump surface water to them .
The heat is transferred to the water and it is pumped back to the surface with geothermal energy that is used in a standard geothermal power plant .
Much heralded until recently , EGS began to garner controversy when its deep fracturing of geologic structures seemed to be associated with increased seismic activity , first in Basel , Switzerland , and later in California .
... " The thing is , you 've got to address it , " Gawell said .
" If you 've got major slip faults in the area , you do n't do a project there .
You simply stay away .
When somebody permits a geothermal project in Basel , Switzerland , the site of the biggest earthquake in European history , you have to wonder whether they did any screening or thinking " beforehand .
_ GreentechMedia
According to Tantoco , the company may spend as much as $ 3.5 million to produce a megawatt of geothermal power through its greenfield facilities , and about $ 2.5 million per megawatt for its wind power project .
[ EDC Philippines ] _BusinessInquirer
We like to say that life on Earth could not survive without the sun , but that is n't actually true .
Without the sun the surface of the planet would freeze down to a certain depth , but the amount of energy contained in the molten planetary core could provide ample heat and electric power to maintain human civilisation for hundreds of thousands of years or longer .
From the western US to Australia ( Queensland and Victoria ) , Indonesia , the Phil li pines , Kamchatka , Alaska , and New Zealand , the Pacific Ring of Fire makes thermal energy available to much of the world 's population .
Similar " rings of fire " over the rest of the Earth extends this ample fund of energy to Europe , western and central Asia , and parts of Africa .
If you drill far enough down into the Earth , you will find hot rock .
Circulating a heat exchange fluid into the rock allows you to utilise the heat to drive a heat engine to generate electric power .
Using both the heat and the electricity obtained from below ground , life on planet Earth could be maintained under large domes for millions of years , even without the sun .
Add the energy you can get from nuclear fission and fusion , and human civilisation could go on even longer .
Since the sun is likely to go on for another billion years or longer , what we are talking about is two things :
1 . geothermal energy as supplementary , baseload energy for parts of the world where nuclear power is not practical or safe , and 2 . human settlements on molten - core planets which are too far away from a star for conventional star - powered photosynthetic life cycles and atmospheric heating .
Geothermal is expensive , and is a low - grade form of energy .
But it is 24 hour a day baseload energy which can also be load - following power .
Enhanced geothermal requires deep drilling and regular maintenance .
And there is the fear of earthquakes :
But think about it : Earthquakes come from faultlines where plates are pushing and sliding against each other .
The best way to prevent a large earthquake is to trigger multiple small earthquakes to relieve the pressure that is building over time .
The hysteria over EGS - caused mini-quakes is misplaced .
The danger comes from not relieving the pressure .
And so massive quantities of baseload energy goes untapped , because for now it is cheaper to use other forms of energy -- such as coal , gas , oil , hydro .
How does geothermal compare to wind ?
But geothermal is 24 hour baseload and potentially load - following power .
Wind power is intermittent , with a capacity factor of 0.3 or less -- and essentially unpredictable !
Wind machines often break down within 5 to 10 years , whereas geothermal can last for several decades or longer .
No one is saying that geothermal is better than small modular nuclear reactors in terms of portability , versatility , efficiency , or affordability .
But for demographic reasons , some parts of the world are simply not safe places to put nuclear plants -- even SMRs .
If geothermal energy is available , it represents a better alternative , for those particular places .
Labels : geothermal
This much we know for sure :
You do not touch the third rail .
You do not betray your closest friends .
You do not eat the fuzzy part of the cheese .
You do not rise up from the watery depths too rapidly , lest you go quickly insane .
You do not drink five cups of coffee and three shots of absinthe and then attempt delicate brain surgery , blindfolded .
You do not drill for oil a mile down in the pristine seas and have no reliable backup systems should something go horribly , horribly wrong .
You do not mock Mother Nature .
But above all else , for absolute certain , one thing you really , really do not do :
You do not mess around with the female sexual response .
I 'm wondering if this will be the one to do it .
I 'm wondering if the current flurry of activity around the long - rumored , hotly debated , coolly mistrusted , still nonexistent " female Viagra , " that hugely elusive wonderdrug currently being chased down by a whole slew of eager , cash - hungry major pharmcos , will be the one to change everything .
And not necessarily for the better .
Have you heard ?
About the magic , billion - dollar pill that 's to be aimed at the roughly 40 percent (! ) of American women who report a complete lack of interest in sex , who have low or nonexistent libidos , women for whom even moderate arousal is akin to finding a happy gay Mormon in Utah ?
Is this the one ?
Will this be the wild drug chase that finally cracks us wide open , make us see the light , the folly , the futility of trying to unwind the deeper and juicier mysteries of existence ?
Let us ponder .
We 're getting closer .
The FDA just rejected the second major attempt at a female libido enhancer , a drug called flibanserin , from German titan Boehringer Ingelheim .
Seems the FDA was unimpressed by the drug 's overall effectiveness , despite BI 's claims that flibanserin's power lies not in its ability to stimulate immediate sexual arousal , but rather in how it serves as a more general improver of overall sensual awareness .
Or something .
No matter .
This fine attempt means it wo n't be long until more drugs come down the pike , aiming to capture that elusive gold ring called " female sex drive . "
I 'm actually sort of looking forward to the efforts ; something really interesting is bound to emerge , something weird and wonderful , revealing and troubling , all at once .
It 's a strange and fascinating game , this hunt .
On the one hand , it 's widely believed that female libido issues are at least partially clinical , medical , chemical , a genuinely treatable condition , something a synthetic drug can assist in at least partially rekindling .
Hell , we have drugs that do everything from tricking your heartbeat to those that help you stop screaming in the night .
Why not this ?
On the other hand ... well , the other hand is where it gets really interesting .
Here 's the thing : Everyone knows male Viagra is all about simple mechanics , a brilliant plumbing fix , and nothing more .
The miraculous blue pill actually does zilch for male sex drive , nothing to " turn you on , " nothing to make sex any hotter or kinkier or orgasmically mindblowing , nothing to help generate a mad lust to be gang - licked by 10,000 nubile callipygian wood nymphs while driving a Bugatti Veyron at 250 mph straight into the sun .
For men , that sort of physical lust is automatic , a priori , woven in to our very bones .
The female version is an entirely different divine pink mystery - soaked wildebeest altogether .
The female sexual response is gorgeously , notoriously , infuriatingly hardwired into more than a few unfathomable cosmic wavelengths , along with a whole army of wobbly expectations , cultural proscriptions , maternal drives , menopausal shifts , depressions , ecstasies , bored housewiferies , psychological contradictions -- not to mention nearly 2,000 years of male - dominated culture not having a f-- ing clue what the clitoris is actually for , combined with a near total medical ignorance ( until recently ) of intricate female plumbing .
In short , female sexuality is the same as it's ever been : a divine , inscrutable kaleidoscope wrapped in a mystery shaped like a yonic enigma .
Parsing it in any reliable way has been one of humanity 's greatest challenges , joys , follies , wine - soaked laughter - filled experiments .
My humble male prediction :
It will continue to be this way for ... well , just about forever .
Like poetry , art , the Great Pyramids and avocadoes , it is simply not meant to be unraveled .
Put another way , if we ever do fully unravel it , it means the time - space continuum has come undone , consciousness has finally shifted , and we are ready for the next leap .
Understand female sexuality , you understand God .
Or at least , you understand how She dances .
Do not misunderstand : I 'm not de facto against the pharmcos attempting this bizarre feat of effrontery , despite the inherent insult of corporations thinking they can delineate and define the workings of the female sex .
Hell , the DSM - IV has been doing it for years .
So has the church .
Ditto modern medicine .
It 's just our nature .
Complaining that drug makers are inventing ailments to make a profit is like bitching about how alligators in Florida keep eating all the little fluffy doggies on the shore .
This is just what they do .
In fact , I wish them luck .
If nothing else , there will be many fascinating theories , findings , test methods , focus groups .
Who knows ?
One of these corporations may stumble on a bit of truly magnificent , unexpected wisdom about the female wonderdazzle that makes us rethink the entire human sexual experiment altogether .
But know this :
There is no way in hell well get anywhere near to figuring it all out .
No pill can ever touch the complexity .
The best we can do is examine and isolate a few trouble spots , find a few fixes for the most distressed and needful among us , hope for the best .
It 's a bit like NASA poking at the dangerous magnificence of black holes , those swirling deep space phenomena that entice and enthrall us almost as much as they scare us silly .
Sure , we can get reasonably close , we can take astounding photos , we can make all sorts of educated guesses as to what might be happening in there .
We can even send in a few probes , feelers , satellites , take some measurements and gather a few samples to send back to the lab .
But holy hell on a tip of a vibrator , you do n't actually go in there .
That 's where worlds collide , universes expand , meanings come undone , gods laugh , demons play poker with angels , and fire turns into spun glass in the shape of a Sylvia Plath poem .
You think you got a pill for that ?
The hell you do .
Mark Morford 's latest book is ' The Daring Spectacle : Adventures in Deviant Journalism ' .
Join Mark on Facebook and Twitter , or email him .
His website is markmorford.com .
For his yoga classes , workshops and retreats , click markmorfordyoga.com .
Mark 's column appears every Wednesday on SFGate , and is frequently cross-posted to Huffington Post .
To join the notification list for this column , click here and remove one article of clothing .
To get on Mark 's personal mailing list , click here and remove three more .
This column also has an RSS feed and a very handy archive page .
× This page contains archived content and is no longer being updated .
At the time of publication , it represented the best available science .
An intense dust storm moved quickly over Sudan and Egypt towards Saudi Arabia on July 15 , 2010 .
These photo - like images show the storm ’s movement over a three - hour period .
The top image was acquired by the Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer ( MODIS ) on NASA ’s Terra satellite at 11:10 a.m. local time .
The lower image is from the MODIS sensor on NASA ’s Aqua satellite , acquired at 2:20 p.m. local time .
In the time that elapsed between the two images , the cloud of dust expanded out in all directions .
The storm ’s movement is most evident on the eastern front over the Red Sea .
The cloud of dust seemed to expand in the west as well ; however , the storm may simply have intensified , picking up more east - blowing dust later in the day .
In the morning image , the green plant - covered land that defines the Nile River is faintly visible through the northern and western edge of the storm .
By afternoon , the edge of the storm is farther west , and the Nile River is much more difficult to see .
The large images are the highest - resolution versions of the images .
Both the morning and afternoon images are available in a variety of additional resolutions from the MODIS Rapid Response Team .
NASA images courtesy Jeff Schmaltz , MODIS Rapid Response Team at NASA GSFC .
Caption by Holli Riebeek .
“ If we did discover a problem , we could resume containment operations , ” he said .
If containment were resumed , either at the end of the test period or later , it would continue until the company could complete the relief well work  by the end of July or August at the earliest .
Mr. Suttles said that even if the new cap was kept closed , the relief well work would continue “ ultimately to make sure this well can never flow to surface again . ”
There were signs that BP ’s latest subsea engineering effort was proceeding smoothly , with few of the hitches that marred some earlier attempts .
Removal of the old , loose - fitting cap went quickly , and clearing the way for the new cap by removing six 50 - pound bolts that held a stub of riser pipe was straightforward .
On Monday evening , video from the seafloor showed the cap being lowered onto a connector pipe that had been installed the day before .
The cap ’s latching mechanism had a sticker on the side that read , “ THINK twice , act once ! ! ”
Perhaps learning from previous frustrations , engineers had made plenty of contingency plans , including having another loose - fitting cap on standby in case there were significant setbacks with the tighter - fitting one .
Backup tools were available to help get the pipe stub off if the first one , called an overshot tool , did not work .
The additional tools were not needed .
Engineers had performed dry runs , on land , of the installation of the cap , a 75 - ton assemblage of forged steel , with three hydraulic valves , or rams , that are much like those on the blowout preventer that failed when the blowout occurred April 20 .
An animated video was produced to show technicians at the well site , 40 miles off the coast of Louisiana , how the work would proceed , to help coordinate the movement of vessels and remotely operated submersibles .
The new cap will be attached to the connecting pipe with a hydraulic latching device .
Antifreeze will be pumped around the latch in an effort to avoid the formation of hydrates , icelike crystals of methane and water that could affect the latching mechanism and that scuttled an earlier containment attempt .
The work crews did encounter minor delays overnight in starting up a new collection system that could divert up to 25,000 barrels of oil a day to a surface ship , the Helix Producer , Mr. Suttles said .
That system began operating on Monday , he said , and was expected to reach full capacity over several days .
We help companies make the best CRM decisions
( PhysOrg.com ) -- Pat Brown hates animals .
On your plate , that is .
And he 's going to do something about it .
The School of Medicine biochemist is taking a yearlong sabbatical — starting now — to figure out how to get you , me and , yes , even the rest of the world to stop bolting down hamburgers , chicken and ribs , and turn instead to beans , carrots and avocados .
Why ?
The environmental cost of meat is just too high .
“ People are sort of in denial about whether this is even an issue , ” said Brown , MD , PhD , a professor of biochemistry and a Howard Hughes Medical Institute investigator .
“ But eating one 4 - ounce hamburger is equivalent to leaving your bathroom faucet running 24 hours a day for a week .
We ca n’t go on like this . ”
( See a 2006 report by the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations for this and other statistics . )
Brown , who is also a member of the Institute of Medicine and the National Academy of Sciences , has been a vegetarian for decades and a vegan for five years .
He does n’t want to outlaw eating animal products , but he does want us to begin paying for their true cost .
Cows , for example , excrete methane and nitrous oxide , which contribute to global warming , and gobble down tons of water - sucking grains and plants , exacerbating water shortages worldwide .
“ Thirty percent of the world ’s land is devoted to animal farming , ” said Brown .
“ People need to begin taking responsibility for their food choices .
If they ca n’t do it voluntarily , then we can use economic incentives . ”
Incentives that include increasing the price of meat at the supermarket counter so it costs two to three times what you ’re paying now .
The attempt to change the world ’s eating habits seems quixotic , until you consider Brown ’s track record .
In the early ’90s , he invented the DNA microarray — a method of scanning the activity levels of tens of thousands of genes simultaneously — that ’s since become a workhorse in laboratories around the world .
And three years ago he conceived of and launched an entirely new type of scientific journal : one in which every article is publicly available , immediately .
The publishing industry scoffed but now the Public Library of Science series of journals is one of the most highly respected in the world .
“ Scientists are more inclined to do this sort of thing than most people , because we tend to be almost absurdly optimistic , ” said Brown .
“ We believe that things kind of outside the box may still work . ”
As for facing the wrath of the meat lovers ?
Brown ’s not fazed .
“ I like angry people .
If people are n’t angry , I ’m not doing my job . ”
Explore further Why Is The Ground Brown
NORFOLK ( AP ) —
A jury recommended yesterday that a Navy chaplain receive a letter of reprimand for disobeying an order by appearing in uniform at a political press conference at the White House .
The jury also recommended that Lt. Gordon Klingenschmitt forfeit $ 250 pay per month for a year but suggested that the monetary punishment be suspended .
Rear Adm. Frederic Ruhe , commander of the Navy ’s Mid-Atlantic Region , must decide whether to approve the recommendation .
The jury of five officers at Lt. Klingenschmitt ’s special court - martial determined Wednesday that he had disobeyed a superior officer ’s order prohibiting him from wearing his uniform during media appearances without prior permission .
Lt. Klingenschmitt said he believes he was punished for making a political speech in uniform because he prayed in Jesus ’ name .
He had argued that he was allowed to wear his uniform if conducting a “ bona fide worship service . ”
“ I will continue to pray in Jesus ’ name , I will continue to worship in public and I will not be broken , ” he said Wednesday .
Reprimands often end an officer ’s career because they are a permanent part of the service record and prevent promotion to the next grade .
Lt. Klingenschmitt said he would appeal the conviction and fight to remain a chaplain .
He said senior naval officials already had decided to fire him before the March 30 event , which protested Navy policy requiring nondenominational prayers outside of religious services .
Last December , the chaplain went on an 18 - day hunger strike in front of the White House over the right to invoke Jesus ’ name outside such services .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
