I 'm the Art Show , Deal With It !
Dec 12 , 2012
" I'm the Art Show , Deal With It ! " is a tribute gallery to the " Legend of Korra " , featuring around 100 artists , including yours truly ( yeah , boi ! ) !
So for anyone thinking , " Man , I wish Jeff did more Legend of Korra pieces so it could be part of an awesome art show / gallery dedicated to the new Avatar series in a show space in Los Angeles ! " , your long prayer has been answered !
Advanced tickets are on sale now with the show opening on January 19th !
I managed to get four pieces into the show , three of which were done exclusively for the gallery , so I 'm super excited about it !
If this show is anything close to the " Six Seasons and a Movie " Communi
Trivia
According to the documentary Manufacturing Dissent - Michael Moore auf der Spur ( 2007 ) , Michael Moore falsely implied that he could not get General Motors ' CEO Roger B. Smith to respond in front of a camera .
The makers claim that Moore actually had two interviews with Smith , but chose to leave these out of the documentary to create the illusion that Smith refused to answer for his actions .
Moore has denied these claims , saying that if he had consciously held back such footage , General Motors would have undoubtedly used that fact to discredit him .
See more
CHICAGO -- NYSE Euronext and Nasdaq OMX Group said their public
Web sites were targets of " cyber attacks , " though market operations were unaffected .
Neither exchange would say whether the attacks were linked to a wide - ranging assault on other Web sites that included the U.S. Treasury , the State Department and the White House .
NYSE Euronext ...
I wrote recently about learning to differentiate between blogspam and self - submitted content on meritocracy - based sites like Digg and Reddit .
My goal was to try and reverse the negative programming we all have towards reading self - submitted material .
I attempted to do this by showing how it differs from spamming — which is taking someone else ’s writing and submitting it from your site to try and steal ad traffic .
But even more important than asking readers to appreciate self - submitted content is the call for people to write and submit their own .
Nothing limits the quality of what we read more than the idea that it ’s socially unacceptable to self - submit .
There are thousands upon thousands of good writers out there — people who could be improving the quality of what we see here everyday .
But we wo n’t ever experience what they have to offer because there ’s nobody to bring it to our attention .
What are the odds that their stuff is going to be randomly “ discovered ” ?
Not good .
The only only option is for them to drop the socially ingrained false - modesty and present it themselves .
Remember that writers submit their work to publishers ; they do n’t wait for it to be found .
Artisans have shows and invite lots of people , and academics submit to their respective journals .
In short , submitting original content for peer review is crucial in any community that values intellectual progress .
So to all of you who think you have something to offer — show us .
Getting someone else to submit it for you is more shady than doing it yourself , and it ’s not going to be discovered on accident .
If you ’re doing anything to increase your chances of being seen ( SEO , word - of - mouth promotion , etc. ) you ’re already playing the system .
Accept this and have the balls to submit your own material if you think it ’s worth reading .
The filter for good content on these sites is the voting system , not the source of the article .
The approach that is best for the community is to get as much content into the system as possible and allow the voting to work for us .
We cannot afford to discourage high - quality writers with foolish source - based filtering .
If we as readers want superior content then we need become part of the solution .
That means 1 ) appreciating quality writing even when it ’s submitted by the author , and 2 ) creating and submitting our own material without fearing the stigma of self - promotion . :
Has this ever happened to you ?
You go out with some buddies for a night on the town , hoping to meet a girl to have some fun with .
You head to a bar , get a booth , and order drinks .
The place is kickin’ , and you and your buddies are having a good time looking at all the pretty girls … except nobody is meeting any them .
You want to talk to them , but you feel more comfortable sitting around with your friends talking about how you would like to go home with a girl that night .
Instead , you all end up leaving the same way you came in together .
This is a pretty common occurrence among the lovelorn bachelor .
This is a symptom of what I like to call the “ comfort zone . ”
Basically , everyone has a comfort zone .
This is a state of mind where people are surrounded by that which is FAMILIAR .
Familiarity breeds complacency , which can keep you from taking the action necessary to achieve your goals , because that action introduces uncertainty into your life – something the comfort zone likes to keep at bay .
So when you want to meet a woman , you need to know how to break out of this comfort zone .
How do you do this ?
The answer is self - evident :
You must learn to meet women BY YOURSELF !
Friends can be a great asset , but most of the time , going out with friends actually HINDERS your ability to meet women .
Not just because of the comfort zone factor , but because other guys who do n’t know what they ’re doing with girls can actually ruin the interactions you have with them – be it by jealousy or ineptitude .
So the best way to counter this is to leave your friends behind .
But the prospect of going out by oneself can strike fear into the hearts of men .
After all , does n’t going out by yourself signal to everyone that you ’re a loser with no friends ?
Does n’t it make you look creepy ?
The answer to both these questions is NO .
The simple act of going out on your own can shake your comfort zone , because you have no anchors to keep you there .
Often your friends will act as an anchor to your comfort zone that keep you from approaching women .
And it is easier to break out of this comfort zone without those anchors present .
Plus , you do n’t have to worry about failing with women and being judged by your friends if they ’re not around .
But the most powerful thing about going out by yourself is that it puts your focus on what you are doing .
This means that every interaction you have is without distraction , so it is more easily examined and the problems you had are more easily identified .
This allows you to spot your sticking points more quickly and correct them .
Not only that , but being out by yourself gives you the freedom of flexibility when it comes to where you ’re going and who you talk to .
If you ’re bored with a place , you can leave and go to another one .
If you want to talk to a girl who your friends might poke fun at you for , you can .
Not only this , but you ’re free to mess up the interactions you have , because chances are , no one there will ever see you again , so you do n’t have to worry about what others think of you .
But like all things , knowing what to say will help you to go out by yourself and succeed at increasing your ability to approach .
There are many examples of Openers to say in The Art of Approaching , but some guys will need to know how to handle the inevitable question “ Where are your friends ? ”
Something I ’ve used to great effect is the answer “ Oh , they ’re around . ”
This simple dismissive statement not only answers the question , but as far as anyone knows , you ’re telling the truth .
But if you want to take it a step further , I ’ve even used this as an Opener at times I ’ve been out by myself .
The “ My Friends Ditched Me ” Opener
This works good whenever you ’re out somewhere by yourself .
Basically , you approach your target or a group , and say :
“ Hey guys , you wo n’t believe this .
All week , me and my friends have been planning on going out and having a good time , because we ’ve all been busy and we wanted to blow off some steam .
So we made plans to go out tonight , right ?
Well , one by one they call me up and say stuff like “ I ’m too tired , ” or “ My girlfriend wants to watch a movie , ” and stuff like that .
Some friends huh ?
Bunch of lame - o’s .
But I ’m thinking there might be something more to this , because last week two of my friends had a knock - down drag out fight over some girl they both like , so the situation is all weird .
Do you guys have any friends who got split up by someone they both liked ? ”
Using this , you set the stage that you ’re out by yourself because , well , unlike your friends , YOU’RE not lame !
Not only that , you throw in a nice Drama Opener in there to engage the group .
If you do n’t know what a Drama Opener is , check it out The Art of Approaching , and discover more openers that are PROVEN to help you meet any woman , any time , anywhere you may be ..
READ IT BEFORE IT'S BANNED BY THE US GOVERNMENT
PART 14
By Thomas R. Horn
July 14 , 2009
NewsWithViews.com
Though Roosevelt would set in motion the push to place the Great Seal on the US One Dollar Bill , it was Wallace who brought the seal ’s significance to Roosevelt , believing the symbolism of the emblems carried inference to Roosevelt ’s ‘ New Deal , ’ and , more important , a Masonic prophecy toward a New World Order .
Wallace describes the meeting he had with Roosevelt :
Roosevelt … was first struck with the representation of the all - seeing eye — a Masonic representation of the Great Architect of the Universe .
Next , he was impressed with the idea that the foundation for the new order of the ages had been laid in 1776 but that it would be completed only under the eye of the Great Architect .
Roosevelt , like myself , was a 32nd Degree Mason .
He suggested that the Seal be put on the dollar bill … and took the matter up with the Secretary of the Treasury [ also a Freemason ] ...
He brought it up in a Cabinet meeting and asked James Farley [ Postmaster General and a Roman Catholic ] if he thought the Catholics would have any objection to the " All Seeing Eye " which he as a Mason looked on as a Masonic symbol of Deity .
Farley said " no , there would be no objection . " [ 1 ]
It is natural to assume Wallace and Roosevelt also pondered the Eagle on the Great Seal with its 32 feathers on the right wing and 33 on the left representing the 32nd and 33rd Degrees of Freemasonry , because in addition to being 32nd Degree Masons , Roosevelt was the 32nd President and Wallace the 33rd Vice President , an especially interesting numerological ‘ coincidence ’ given that Roosevelt was succeeded by Harry Truman , the 33rd President of the United States and a 33rd Degree Freemason .
As a mystic and Mason , Wallace undoubtedly believed these numbers were not coincidence and furthermore , what is now known , is that Wallace viewed the unfinished pyramid with the all - seeing eye hovering above it on the Great Seal as a prophecy about the dawn of a New World with America at its head .
Whenever the United States assumed its position as the new Capital of the World , Wallace believed , the Grand Architect would return and metaphorically the all - seeing eye would be fitted atop the Great Seal Pyramid as the finished ‘ apex stone . ’
Wallace may even have imagined himself as the mysterious global leader who would fulfill this oracular scheme .
In Henry Wallace the Man and the Myth , Dwight MacDonald pointed out : " Just as Wallace thinks of America as the nation destined by God to lead the world , so Wallace thinks of himself as a Messiah , an instrument through whom God will guide America onward and upward . " [ 2 ]
Wallace himself seemed to allude to this belief in 1934 when he wrote :
It will take a more definite recognition of the Grand Architect of the Universe before the apex stone [ capstone of the pyramid ] is finally fitted into place and this nation in the full strength of its power is in position to assume leadership among the nations in inaugurating ‘ the New Order of the Ages ’ . [ 3 ]
Finding or making " a more definite recognition " of this messianic figure appears to have secretly obsessed Roosevelt and Wallace while also playing a roll in the decision to include the Great Seal on the US Dollar .
Both men were fascinated with the concept of a new breed of people — new Atlantians for the New Atlantis similar to Hitler ’s contemporaneous exploration for the Aryan supermen —led by an earthly Messiah .
Incredibly , if this supernatural leader was to be a magical reincarnation or resurrection of deity , the body or DNA of this savior may have been kept in or represented by a coffin ( echoing the coffin symbol on Masonic aprons ) cryptically mentioned in correspondence between Wallace and Nicholas Roerich .
On March 12 , 1933 , Wallace wrote Roerich :
Dear Guru , I have been thinking of you holding the casket — the sacred most precious casket .
And I have thought of the New Country going forward to meet the seven stars under the sign of the three stars . [ 4 ]
Investigative mythologist William
Henry says this letter from Wallace made it clear that Roosevelt , Nicholas Roerich and Henry Wallace " were in search of this Divine Child … [ and that ] they awaited … in the ‘ New Country ’ [ America as the New Atlantis ] . " [ 5 ]
Filmmaker Christian J. Pinto ’s " Eye Of The Phoenix : Secrets Of The Dollar Bill , " discloses intriguing information about Wallace ’s relationship with Roerich and the " sacred most precious casket . "
When I asked Mr. Pinto what he thought was meant by the phrase " going forward to meet the seven stars under the sign of the three stars , " and what this had to do with the casket , he emailed me to say :
Tom .
The " seven stars " would most likely be at least a partial reference to their Christ figure ( Maitreya ) as the one world leader , since in Revelation 1:16 , it is Christ who holds " seven stars " in his right hand .
Remember that Roerich was searching for signs of " the Christ " and the theme of a " universal Messiah " consumed their ideas .
It is further worth considering the writings of Manly P . Hall on these things , since the Roerichs knew Hall personally , and Helena wanted her sons discipled by him .
On the symbolism of the number 7 , he writes : " By the Pythagoreans the heptad – 7 — was called ‘ worthy of veneration . ’
It was held to be the number of religion , because man is controlled by seven celestial spirits …
It was called the number of life ….
Keywords of the heptad are fortune … control , government , judgment … that which leads all things to their end . " ( Hall , Secret Teachings of All Ages , p. 72 )
In his writings , Hall claimed that the Apocalypse of St. John the Divine ( Book of Revelation ) was a symbol for the entire pantheon of the pagan mysteries .
He describes the Christ figure thus : " In the opening chapter of the Apocalypse , St. John describes the Alpha and Omega … this Sublime One thus epitomizes … the entire sweep of humanity ’s evolutionary growth – past , present , and future . "
He continues , saying : " The seven stars carried by this immense Being in his right hand are the Governors of the world … " ( Hall , The Secret Teachings of All Ages , pp 185-186 )
Because of the above facts , Pinto believes the " New Country " as the New World Order shall " meet the seven stars " ( be ruled by new governors of the world , whether these are demonic spirits or human beings , perhaps both ) under " the sign of the three stars , " a reference to Sirius , says Pinto , which is the light behind the all - seeing eye above the pyramid , symbolizing the power of Lucifer / Satan .
It is also possible the " sign of three stars " is a reference to Regulus , Arcturus and Spica , which Julie Duin earlier in this series described as forming a straight line from the Capital to the White House during the astrological time related to the dedication of the US Capital building .
This would imply the " seven stars under the sign of the three stars " was a fantastic speculation by Wallace , Roerich and company about the coming reign of a messianic figure from the seat of Washington , DC .
As we shall show later , there is a fascinating third possibility — that the " seven stars under the sign of the three stars " is a reference to the star systems Pleides and Orion and has everything to do with the Great Seal ’s hidden prophecy concerning a new messiah and where he will come from .
Whatever the case for Wallace , central to the fulfillment of this scheme was the ‘ sacred casket ’ that he mentioned in his letter to Roerich , considered in esoteric circles to be the same as the casket or ‘ coffin ’ of Osiris , a device partly based on the myth of Osiris as the dying and resurrecting god .
According to Peter Goodgame in his intriguing book - length article ‘ The Giza Discovery ’ [ 6 ] , the tomb of Osiris may actually have been discovered in Giza in recent years containing ‘ DNA ’ related to the ‘ deity . ’
Though this is discussed in following chapters , I raise the issue here because Wallace ( and perhaps Roosevelt ) viewed the All - Seeing Eye above the unfinished pyramid as pointing to the return ( or reincarnation ) of this savior , whose coming would cap the Pyramid and launch the New World Order .
The All - Seeing Eye on the Great Seal is fashioned after the " Eye of Horus , " the offspring of Osiris ( or sometime Osiris himself ) , as both men surely understood .
But did Roosevelt and Wallace also comprehend the terrifying prophecy that until the publishing of the upcoming book Apollyon Rising 2012 has been hidden from public view , cleverly concealed within the Great Seal of the United States for more than 200 years , which points to the earthly return of this god ?
I suspect they may have , as the legend of Hiram Abiff — the original Masonic Grand Master and architect of Solomon ’s Temple — is but a retelling of the mythos of Isis and Osiris and of the resurrection motif , as every Mason knows .
If political and religious leaders in the United States have since at least the 1930s anticipated the arrival of this Supreme Being , we stand on a disturbing precipice .
This entity was known to the Egyptians as Osiris and to the Greeks as Apollo — the same deity by different names according to numerous scholars , including Plutarch , the ancient Roman historian .
Rudolf Steiner in his Egyptian Myths and Mysteries further acknowledged : " The Greeks … recognized that Osiris was the same as the god whom they called Apollo . " [ 7 ]
Convincing evidence also exists that even further back in time the historical figure upon whom these myths were based was the legendary King Enmerkar of Uruk , known in the Bible as Nimrod .
Peter Goodgame makes reference to this in The Giza Discovery :
" And just who is this Greek god Apollyon who makes his strange appearance in the book of Revelation ?
Charles Penglase is an Australian professor who specializes in ancient Greek and Near Eastern religion and mythology .
In his book , Greek Myths and Mesopotamia : Parallels and Influence in the Homeric Hymns and Hesiod , Penglase carefully and methodically demonstrates that the Greek myths and legends of Apollo were simply Greek retellings of the Babylonian myths involving the rise to power of the god Marduk , which were themselves based on earlier legends of the Sumerian hunter / hero known as Ninurta .
Furthermore , according to David Rohl , the original name for Ninurta was in fact Nimurda , whose historical identity can be traced back to King Enmerkar of Uruk , the very same figure who is known in the Bible as Nimrod . " [ 8 ]
Subscribe to the NewsWithViews Daily News Alerts !
Enter Your E - Mail Address :
The Greek Historian Herodotus also connected Apollo with Horus , the god whose all - seeing eye stands atop the unfinished pyramid on the Great Seal .
This is telling given that the Great Seal ’s mottoes and symbolism relate to both Osiris and Apollo specifically , yet as one .
Osiris is the dominant theme of the Egyptian symbols , his resurrection and return , while the mottoes of the seal point directly to Apollo , and the Eagle , a pagan emblem of Jupiter , to Apollo ’s father .
Both gods were known to various ancient societies by other names as well .
When this is understood , new light is cast on the Great Seal ’s semiosis beginning with the phrase , E Pluribus Unum , Latin for " out of many , one . "
[ Editor 's note :
This series is based on research contained in Tom Horn 's upcoming new book : APOLLYON RISING 2012 : The Final Mystery Of The Great Seal Revealed .
Sign up to be notified when APOLLYON RISING 2012 is released and get $ 60.00 IN FREE GIFTS !
Sign up here ! ]
Click here for part -----> 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 , 9 , 10 , 11 , 12 , 13 ,
Footnotes :
1. " How the Great Seal Got on the One Dollar Bill "
2. MacDonald , Dwight , 1948 .
Henry Wallace : The Man and the Myth . New York , USA : Vanguard Press , p116 .
3. Wallace , Henry A. , 1934 .
Statesmanship and Religion .
New York , USA : Round Table Press , Inc , pp 78 - 79 .
4. Jonathan Alter , The Defining Moment : FDR ’s Hundred Days and the Triumph of Hope , pg 282 , Edition : reprint , illustrated , Simon and Schuster , 2007
5. William Henry , Cloak of the Illuminati : Secrets , Transformations , Crossing the Stargate , pg 13 , Edition : illustrated , Adventures Unlimited Press , 2003
6 . The Giza discovery
7 , Rudolf Steiner , Egyptian Myths and Mysteries , Translated by Norman Macbeth , Edition : reprint , pg 100 , SteinerBooks , 1990
8 , The Giza discovery : The Mighty One
ï¿½ 2009 Thomas Horn - All Rights Reserved
Sign Up For Free E-Mail Alerts
E -Mails are used strictly for NWVs alerts , not for sale
Thomas Horn is the CEO of RaidersNewsNetwork.com and SurvivorMall.com .
Over the last decade , he has authored three books , wrote dozens of published editorials , and had several feature magazine articles .
In addition to past articles at NewsWithViews.com , his works have been referred to by writers of the LA Times Syndicate , MSNBC , Christianity Today , Coast to Coast , World Net Daily , White House Correspondents and dozens of newsmagazines and press agencies around the globe .
Tom 's latest book is " The Ahriman Gate , " which fictionalizes the use of biotechnology to resurrect Biblical Nephilim .
Thomas is also a well known radio personality who has guest - hosted and appeared on dozens of radio and television shows over the last 30 years , including " The 700 Club " and " Coast to Coast AM . "
When looking for a spokesperson to promote their film " Deceived " staring Louis Gossett Jr. and Judd Nelson , " Cloud 10 Pictures " selected Thomas as their spokesperson to explain the Christian viewpoint on UFO - related demonology .
Web Site : RaidersNewsNetwork.com
E- Mail : RaidersNewsUpdate@gmail.com
The various machine makers and manufacturers in Australia which are making appliances that are in use of most of the people at home and also for housekeeping purposes .
The kitchen appliances and machines may include rangehood filters , benchtop oven , integrated dishwasher these are easily available online and in local markets .
For online buyers they will have to choose the products very carefully so that they are not going get a faulty products .
After choosing the right products , you may need to install it correctly and skilled technician or professional may help .
For gas cooktops and Ovens the first thing that could be troublesome is that the size must be according to the space .
If it is bigger or small with some variation in the cooking space , this can be troublesome .
In addition to that for the machines like Vacuum Cleaners , dryers or washer dryer and different kinds of washing machines online you can see that the basic thing that creates trouble is their overall capacity and the functions if you are not familiar with that .
For this purpose , proper support system and online help can make sure you know how you are going to use it .
Even if you are using the dryer you may need to have proper place and installation done for it until and unless you have a portable dryer in home .
In addition to these issues , the shipment and packing is another issue this is a challenge for the sellers and for the buyers who order it is difficult to estimate whether the machine will come safe or not .
Another issue is that these things may need lot of help if they are delivered in a totally different region .
This may create trouble if the connection options are not the same or the power supply is different and may differ either 110v or 220 .
In that case buyers are advised to check before purchasing things like that .
Between
Tony getting lost in Toontown and Wes finding himself in the center of a ring of fire , a comic was made .
Combine comic with eyes for best results .
Borges ' Animals
In " The Analytical Language of John Wilkins , " Borges describes ' a certain Chinese Encyclopedia , ' the Celestial Emporium of Benevolent Knowledge , in which it is written that animals are divided into :
those that belong to the Emperor , embalmed ones , those that are trained , suckling pigs , mermaids , fabulous ones , stray dogs , those included in the present classification , those that tremble as if they were mad , innumerable ones , those drawn with a very fine camelhair brush , others , those that have just broken a flower vase , those that from a long way off look like flies .
This classification has been used by many writers .
It " shattered all the familiar landmarks of his thought " for Michel Foucault .
Anthropologists and ethnographers , German teachers , postmodern feminists , Australian museum curators , and artists quote it .
The list of people influenced by the list has the same heterogeneous character as the list itself .
In rambling confessions and confusing statements made in the third person , Bundy never directly said he had killed the two women , who were roommates at an Illinois junior college , but he implied that his first murders were at the Shore and he described picking up two women in Ocean City that spring .
His psychologist - interviewer notified Atlantic County authorities immediately after Bundy 's execution in Florida in 1989 .
In the year 2054 A.D. crime is virtually eliminated from Washington D.C. thanks to an elite law enforcing squad " Precrime " .
They use three gifted humans ( called " Pre- Cogs " ) with special powers to see into the future and predict crimes beforehand .
John Anderton heads Precrime and believes the system 's flawlessness steadfastly .
However one day the Pre-Cogs predict that Anderton will commit a murder himself in the next 36 hours .
Worse , Anderton does n't even know the victim .
He decides to get to the mystery 's core by finding out the ' minority report ' which means the prediction of the female Pre-Cog Agatha that " might " tell a different story and prove Anderton innocent .
Written by Soumitra
Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger went on the offensive Monday in the stalled state finance talks , releasing a television ad in which he vows to oppose any budget that raises taxes or “ spends money we do not have . ”
The governor ’s commercial comes at an awkward moment in negotiations over the state ’s projected $ 26.3 - billion budget gap , as all sides described a weekend of closed - door talks among top lawmakers and Schwarzenegger as productive .
Negotiations are set to continue today .
The spot is the second political commercial released during the current budget standoff .
The 300,000 - member California Teachers Assn. began airing one last week criticizing the governor for proposing to suspend Proposition 98 , the voter - approved funding guarantee for schools .
State leaders said they have yet to tackle the sticky political question of education funding in their negotiations .
Advertisement
“ The elephant in the room is Prop. 98 , ” Assembly Speaker Karen Bass ( D - Los Angeles ) said in an interview .
Also in the ad , Schwarzenegger says three times that he opposes higher taxes .
But Democratic lawmakers , who earlier pressed for tax hikes to help close the budget gap , have abandoned that effort .
Meanwhile , the Schwarzenegger administration notified state agencies Monday to prepare for the possibility of cutting the state payroll by 7,000 jobs -- 2,000 more than previously proposed .
--
Advertisement
shane.goldmacher@latimes.com
Times staff writer Patrick McGreevy contributed to this report .
Iranians protesting last month ’s disputed presidential election won support across the world Saturday as sympathizers rallied in dozens of cities demanding the release of opposition activists jailed by the Islamic republic .
In Iran , police and pro-government militia attacked and dispersed hundreds of protesters who had gathered in Tehran , while opposition leaders appealed to the country ’s top clerics in the city of Qom to intervene and end the crackdown .
International rights groups , including Human Rights Watch and Amnesty International , backed what organizers called a “ global day of action ” in support of the Iranian people and “ in condemnation of the human rights abuses being committed by the Iranian government . ”
At least 20 people have been killed and more than 1,000 arrested in protests following the disputed June 12 election that kept incumbent President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad in power .
Iranian opposition leaders maintain the election was won by reformist candidate Mir Hossein Mousavi .
In Washington , about 3,000 people gathered in front of a local United Nations office Saturday and then marched to the National Mall , where Nobel Peace Prize laureate Jody Williams and several human rights activists spoke to the crowd .
An evening thunderstorm forced the organizers to end the event early .
During the day ’s rally , small clashes broke out between the supporters of the main event , who simply want the election annulled and redone , and a group that wants Mr. Mousavi to be declared president .
The event was organized by the Washington branch of Where is My Vote ? , a worldwide campaign of Iranian Diaspora that began after the June 12 election to request that governments and media reject the results , although the movement does not advocate any specific candidates .
“ We are simply demanding a revote , ” said Babak Talebi , coordinator of Where is My Vote ?
DC .
“ We stand in solidarity for those who in Iran have had their civil and human rights abused since the election . ”
People wore green and held signs for freedom of speech , the release of prisoners of conscience and the end of violence , and they chanted for democracy in Iran .
Organizers delayed the event on the Mall as they addressed hundreds of counterprotesters who followed the marchers , waving flags .
The opposing group held up Mousavi pictures and was demanding an overthrow of the government , Mr. Talebi said .
“ Here we have Iranians of every belief , every ethnicity , ” he told the crowd .
“ But today we are putting down our personal beliefs , and they are not willing to put down theirs .
Please have your own protest .
Put down your Mousavi pictures . ”
Where is My Vote ?
DC spokesman Goli Nedairani said that people who live in the United States should not promote a specific government .
“ We are in the U.S. , and it is not our decision , ” she said .
“ Canadians could n’t tell the United States what government it should have . ”
Reza Zati , a 55 - year - old transportation company manager from Washington who moved to the U.S. from Iran when he was 22 , led the group of counterprotesters and said the protests in Iran show that the people do not want Islamic rules and regulation .
Most demonstrators , however , wished to express the view that they are standing in solidarity with those who have suffered since the election , said Farbod Sakhra , 25 , an information - technology consultant .
“ It ’s about raising awareness about the human rights abuses , ” he said .
Banafsheh Ghassemi , 44 , said she was at the rally because she would like to see stability in Iran , regardless of the regime .
“ A dictator is a dictator .
I do n’t care if you are secular or wearing a turban , ” she said .
In London , more than 1,000 protesters joined a “ noisy but peaceful ” demonstration outside the Iranian Embassy , the Associated Press reported .
In Brussels , protesters held placards carrying images of the detained or dead , including Neda Agha Soltan , a 27 - year - old woman whose death on the streets of Tehran - beamed around the world on the Internet - has become a rallying cry for opponents of the regime .
Speaking before more than 1,000 in Amsterdam , Iranian Nobel Peace prize laureate Shirin Ebadi urged the international community to reject the results of the Iranian election and called for a new vote monitored by the United Nations .
In New York City , several hundred protesters gathered behind police barricades just off Times Square .
One man hoisted a green placard , splattered with red , that asked , “ Where is my vote ? ”
The crowd chanted , “ Stop the killing .
Stop the torture . ”
A small group of Iranians in New York has been on a three - day hunger strike and is holding frequent demonstrations outside the United Nations to urge the world body to investigate human rights abuses in Iran .
There were also demonstrations Saturday before the U.N. ’s European headquarters in Geneva , and rallies in Paris , Vienna , Rome , Oslo , Stockholm and Copenhagen .
There were smaller protests in the Australian cities of Sydney , Melbourne , Brisbane , Adelaide and the capital , Canberra , as well as in Tokyo and Seoul .
“ If people in Iran ca n’t go out on the streets [ to protest ] because they are scared , maybe they will see us here and it will give them juice to march again , ” said Reza Zati , 55 , a participant at the Washington rally who said he moved to the U.S. capital from Iran 22 years ago .
A small group of protesters in Iran did venture out into the streets in solidarity with their supporters outside the country .
Demonstrators in the Vanak and Mirdamad districts of Tehran chanted “ death to the dictator ” and “ we want our vote back ” before they were set upon by police .
Iran ’s supreme leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , has endorsed the re-election of Mr. Ahmadinejad , rejecting opposition claims that Mr. Mousavi was the real winner .
On Saturday , opposition leaders appealed to top clerics in Qom , Iran ’s theological center , to help stop the ruling Islamic regime ’s violent postelection crackdown .
The moral authority of nine clerics in Qom who are “ marja taqlid , ” or sources of emulation for many of Iran ’s Shi’ites , is seen as a possible counterweight to Ayatollah Khamenei ’s wide - ranging powers .
However , the clerics ’ influence has diminished in recent years as members of Iran ’s elite Revolutionary Guard have taken senior positions in the government .
An 86 - member clerical Assembly of Experts theoretically has the power to replace the supreme leader but has given no indication that it will do so .
Among the senior clerics in Qom , only one has congratulated Mr. Ahmadinejad , while three others have spoken out against the violent crackdown against the opposition .
Mr. Mousavi , former President Mohammed Khatami and 67 other prominent reformists sent a letter to the clerics saying that the authorities have held protesters and activists without charges and have used torture to extract confessions .
“ We call on you , the marja taqlid … to remind the relevant authorities of the damaging consequences of employing unlawful methods and warn them about the spread of tyranny in the Islamic republic system , ” said the letter , a copy of which was made available to the AP .
Mehdi Karroubi , a signatory of the letter and a candidate in the election , sent a letter of his own to Iran ’s intelligence chief describing the crackdown on protesters as worse than the treatment of the Palestinians at the hands of the Israelis .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
Subscribe to unlock this content Subscribe Now
BY BILL MANNING
Did they throw away the locked doors from the Triangle Shirtwaist Fire ?
Did they throw away the gas can used at the Happyland Social Club Fire ?
Did they cast aside the pressure - regulating valves at the Meridian Plaza Fire ?
Of course not .
But essentially , that ’s what they ’re doing at the World Trade Center .
For more than three months , structural steel from the World Trade Center has been and continues to be cut up and sold for scrap .
Crucial evidence that could answer many questions about high - rise building design practices and performance under fire conditions is on the slow boat to China , perhaps never to be seen again in America until you buy your next car .
Such destruction of evidence shows the astounding ignorance of government officials to the value of a thorough , scientific investigation of the largest fire - induced collapse in world history .
I have combed through our national …
From the results of our last survey , the global water crisis was the top urgent concern of readers .
This post will give you a number of resources to explore the crisis and its possible solutions .
Here are some daunting facts from the Wikipedia article called Water Crisis :
> Inadequate access to safe drinking water for about 884 million people
> Inadequate access to water for sanitation and waste disposal for 2.5 billion people
> Groundwater overdrafting ( excessive use ) leading to diminished agricultural yields
> Overuse and pollution of water resources harming biodiversity
> Regional conflicts over scarce water resources sometimes resulting in warfare
From the World Water Council site we have :
“ While the world ’s population tripled in the 20th century , the use of renewable water resources has grown six - fold .
Within the next fifty years , the world population will increase by another 40 to 50 % .
This population growth – coupled with industrialization and urbanization – will result in an increasing demand for water and will have serious consequences on the environment . ”
At Water Partners International there are many more facts about the crisis as well as a strong reminder that a Water Crisis induces a Sanitation Crisis …
And , for an interesting view on how the water crisis is also inducing more strain on the economic crisis see the story , Preventing a water crisis , at The Boston Globe .
Spiritual Quote :
“ The conservation and protection of the environment must be addressed on the individual and societal levels .
Shoghí Effendí , in a letter written on his behalf , states :
We cannot segregate the human heart from the environment outside us and say that once one of these is reformed everything will be improved .
Man is organic with the world .
His inner life moulds the environment and is itself also deeply affected by it .
The one acts upon the other and every abiding change in the life of man is the result of these mutual reactions . ”
Conservation of the Earth ’s Resources , Compiled by the Research Department of the Universal House of Justice , p.101 .
Please leave Your thoughts and feelings in the Comments .
Let ’s have a conversation !
Make It Easy !
Subscribe Free
in a reader or your email
July 21 , 2009
WHITE MEN of the world , unite .
That seemed to be the message of Republican Party during the four days of Senate confirmation hearings for Supreme Court nominee Sonia Sotomayor .
Not content to question Sotomayor about her actual judicial record or ideas , Republican members of the Senate Judiciary Committee attempted to turn the hearings into forum on how oppressed white guys are .
Alabama Sen. Jefferson Beauregard Sessions III led the charge .
During the hearings , he stopped just shy of labeling Sotomayor a racist for her statement in 2001 that she hoped a " wise Latina " judge would bring a more balanced perspective to judicial matters than a white male who did n't have the same life experiences .
The right - wing blowhards of talk radio have been flogging this quote for months -- without ever pointing out that Sotomayor said in the same speech , " We should not be so myopic as to believe that others of different experiences or backgrounds are incapable of understanding the values and needs of people from a different group .
Many are so capable . "
Sonia Sotomayor at the first day of her Senate confirmation hearings
Sessions , however , does n't seem " so capable . "
" The personification , ” in the words of Associated Press , " of a party with an overwhelmingly white , Southern , religious membership , " Sessions warned in his long - winded opening statement that " impartiality , " not " empathy " -- or " prejudice , " as he later called it -- must guide the legal system .
Using empathy as a guide , said Sessions , would lead to " a Brave New World where words have no true meaning and judges are free to decide what facts they choose to see .
In this world , a judge is free to push his or her own political and social agenda . "
Sessions is one to talk about " social agendas . "
As Washington Monthly pointed out , his main " achievement " as a former federal attorney in Alabama " was prosecuting three civil rights workers , including a former aide to Martin Luther King Jr. , on trumped - up charges of voter fraud . "
Also during his career in Alabama , Sessions called the NAACP " un- American " and " communist - inspired , " saying that it " forced civil rights down the throats of people . "
Sessions was actually blocked from the federal bench in 1986 for having made what he later claimed were " private jokes " about the Ku Klux Klan and the NAACP .
At Sessions ' confirmation hearings for the position of U.S. District Court judge in Alabama , Thomas Figures , a Black Assistant U.S. Attorney , told Senate Judiciary Committee members that " during a 1981 murder investigation involving the Ku Klux Klan , Sessions was heard by several colleagues commenting that he 'used to think they [ the Klan ] were okay ' until he found out some of them were ' pot smokers . ' "
Figures also said that Sessions had called him " boy " on a number of occasions , and cautioned him to be careful what he said to " white folks . "
SESSIONS WASN'T alone among Republicans in making wild accusations about Sotomayor .
South Carolina Sen. Lindsey Graham decided to blast Sotomayor for supposedly being too " hostile " to lawyers who appeared before her .
After quoting a series of anonymous gripes allegedly made by lawyers who appeared before Sotomayor , Graham asked Sotomayor if she thought she had " a temperament problem . "
That 's something male nominees -- including those with reputations for being combative , like Antonin Scalia - - never seem to get asked .
Then there was the bizarre exchange in which Oklahoma Sen .
Tom Coburn pressed Sotomayor on her beliefs about the Second Amendment , asking her if citizens have the " right to personal self - defense . "
When Sotomayor said she could n't think of a Supreme Court case that addressed the issue in that language , Coburn told her that the " American people " wanted to " know if they can defend themselves in their homes . "
Sotomayor then attempted to describe a hypothetical case in which Coburn had threatened her , and she had gone home , got a gun and shot him -- and the senator interjected , in a mocking impersonation of the Ricky Ricardo character on the I Love Lucy series : " You 'd have a lot of ' splaining to do ! "
Each Republican had to bring up Sotomayor 's role in the Ricci case - - a lawsuit filed by an almost all - white group of firefighters over the decision of the city of New Haven , Conn. , to invalidate a promotions exam after zero Black applicants out of 27 candidates and only two Latinos out of 29 candidates qualified for a promotion after taking the test .
Sotomayor was part of a three - judge panel of the U.S. Second Circuit Court of Appeals that ruled against the white firemen , who were charging " reverse discrimination . "
The U.S. Supreme Court recently reversed this appeals court decision .
For his part , Sessions seemed amazed that Sotomayor 's opinion in the case differed from that of her circuit court college Jose Cabranes -- because , after all , they 're from the same ethnic background .
" You voted to stay with the decision of the circuit , " said Sessions .
" And in fact , your vote was the key vote .
Had you voted with Judge Cabranes , himself of Puerto Rican ancestry , had you voted with him , you could 've changed that case . "
As Steven Benen wrote in Washington Monthly , " Imagine how absurd it would have been if , during [ Samuel ] Alito 's confirmation hearings , [ Wisconsin Sen . ]
Russ Feingold pressed him on why he did n't vote in a certain case with another Italian American judge . "
But , of course , the Republicans ' questioning of Sotomayor was n't about her legal expertise , but about attacking affirmative action and anti-discrimination policies .
And so , the Republicans called as a witness Fox News pundit and anti-affirmative action activist Linda Chavez .
Chavez told the Judiciary Committee , " It is clear from [ Sotomayor 's ] record that she has drunk deep from the well of identity politics .
I know a lot about that well , and I can tell you that it is dark and poisonous . "
Chavez went on to call Sotomayor an " ethnic activist and judge . "
" Identity politics , " Chavez lectured , " involves a sense of grievance against the majority , a feeling that racism permeates American society and its institutions , and the belief that members of one 's own group are victims in a perpetual power struggle with the majority . "
And what implicated Sotomayor in these thought crimes , according to Chavez ?
That Sotomayor " opposed the death penalty as racist , " made " arguments in support of bilingual education and tried to equate English language requirements with national origin discrimination , " and " dissented from an opinion that the Voting Rights
Act does not give prison inmates the right to vote . "
Of course , you do n't need to be " poisoned " by identity politics to believe that racism does permeate American society -- statistics regarding everything from unemployment to housing to education to who ends up in prison bear out this judgment .
Likewise , it 's hardly a radical position to make the connection between racism and capital punishment , English - only policies , and laws that bar felons ( a disproportionate number of whom are people of color ) from voting .
IF ONLY Sotomayor were as radical as the Republicans seem to think she is -- representing a voice for those systematically oppressed in American society -- her nomination would be something to celebrate .
The problem , though , is that the evidence suggests Sotomayor is far more moderate than the right is making her out to be .
As Washington Post columnist E.J. Dionne wrote when she was first nominated :
Republicans would be foolish to fight the nomination of Judge Sonia Sotomayor to the U.S. Supreme Court because she is the most conservative choice that President Obama could have made .
And even though they should support her confirmation , liberals would be foolish to embrace Sotomayor as one of their own because her record is clearly that of a moderate .
It is highly unlikely that she will push the court to the left .
Indeed , on many issues of concern to business , she is likely to make the Chamber of Commerce perfectly happy .
Sotomayor 's record is largely " middle of the road " -- she is nothing like the " judicial activist " imagined by Republicans .
She , for example , upheld the Bush administration 's global gag rule , which prohibited organizations receiving U.S. family planning funds from providing abortion or abortion assistance to women in need .
In other cases , Sotomayor ruled that investors could n't proceed with a class - action suit accusing Wall Street banks of fraudulently pricing public offerings ; and she dissented from an appeals court ruling that families of the victims of the 1996 crash of TWA Flight 800 could sue TWA , Boeing and a parts manufacturer for damages .
Sotomayor 's moderate stance extends to cases of racial bias as well .
She wrote the appeals court opinion throwing out a discrimination case filed by George and Judy King , Black passengers who were bumped from a flight to the Bahamas .
The Kings maintained that white passengers who did n't have confirmed reservations were allowed on , while their own boarding passes were confiscated .
Sotomayor ruled that anti-discrimination laws are trumped by the international Warsaw Convention , which regulates the liability of airlines in international flights ( and which does not ban racial discrimination ) .
As the New York Times reported :
The Kings were simply told that uniformity in air travel law is important , and that if they did not like being discriminated against , they should take it up with the transportation secretary .
In another case , Judge Sotomayor wrote a decision ruling that Charlina Williams , a Black woman , was not qualified for a job she was passed over for .
And she tossed out the claim that three Black prison guards were singled out for discipline because of their race .
Stefanie Lindquist , a University of Texas law professor , examined the race cases in which Judge Sotomayor wrote the majority opinion and found that she ruled for the plaintiffs in roughly 25 percent .
According to Ms. Lindquist , who consulted a database covering 1975 - 96 , the average appeals court judge ruled for the plaintiffs in race cases nearly 40 percent of the time .
Even in the Ricci decision , Sotomayor 's legal reasoning was n't about " upholding affirmative action " or the idea that the firefighters ' test was inherently unfair to applicants of color .
Instead , the reasoning was that the city of New Haven was within its rights to try to find a fairer test in order to protect itself from being sued by minority firefighters .
Such decisions show , as corporate lawyer Lauren Rosenblum Goldman told the Wall Street Journal , that there " is no reason for the business community to be concerned " about Sotomayor .
And despite the right 's concerns about Sotomayor 's " empathy , " there are plenty of people who would beg to differ .
One of them is Jeffrey Deskovic , who was wrongfully convicted of murder and rape at the age of 17 and spent 16 years in prison until he was finally proven innocent and released in 2006 .
In 1997 , Deskovic appeared before Sotomayor and the Second Circuit Court of Appeals to appeal his conviction , based on DNA evidence showing he did n't commit the crime .
But his case was dismissed in large part because of a technicality -- paperwork from his lawyer was submitted to a lower court four days past the deadline , due to misinformation from a court clerk .
As Deskovic wrote :
To our dismay , Judge Sotomayor and her colleague refused to reverse the ruling .
" The alleged reliance of Deskovic 's attorney on verbal misinformation from the court clerk constitutes excusable neglect that does not rise to the level of an extraordinary circumstance , " they wrote .
" Similarly , we are not persuaded that ... his situation is unique and his petition has substantive merit . "
A second appeal to Sotomayor 's court resulted in the same decision .
The U.S. Supreme Court refused to hear my case , and I remained in prison for six more years .
Deskovic 's case is just one of many in the U.S. injustice system where more empathy would be in order .
Yet in the foregone conclusion that is Sotomayor 's nomination , no one will be raising questions about why Deskovic had to spend six more years in prison because of a legal technicality .
In fact , when Deskovic contacted several senators ' offices to see if he could testify at the Sotomayor hearings , he was brushed off .
But Jeffrey Deskovic knows his story matters .
As he put it , " There are human consequences to these decisions . "
In the days leading up to the 2010 entry deadline , and ever since , the silence from the FIA has been deafening .
Is it because Max Mosley is preparing to deliver a killer blow to F1 on June 12 ?
On Saturday , in the wake of the announcement that the nine remaining FOTA teams had submitted conditional entries for the 2010 World Championship , Pitpass was contacted by a motorsport insider understood to be on the verge of submitting his own entry .
The individual asked why Pitpass , indeed , no other section of the media , had not addressed the " fact that FOTA 's conditional entry is illegal under FIA rules " .
" You can not enter based on a demand , " the individual continued .
" Furthermore , the entries period is run under the 40 m cap rules . "
Pitpass immediately contacted a respected F1 insider , who has long experience of such matters .
Asked about the claim that established teams ' conditional entry is illegal , he replied : " The FOTA teams have not entered the World Championship in accordance with the regulations .
Therefore , the only teams that are now officially entered are Ferrari ( because of its contract with the FIA , which lasts through until 2012 ) , Williams , because it broke ranks and signed , and those new teams that submitted entries by the May 29 deadline .
" With the exception of Ferrari and Williams , all the other existing F1 teams have put their franchises at risk by submitting a conditional joint entry , " he continued .
" The consequences of all this will become clear on June 12 , when the FIA is scheduled to publish the 2010 Formula One World Championship entry list . "
According to our source , at that time ; " F1 will experience the biggest single shock in its entire history " .
Meanwhile , when contacted by editor , Chris Balfe , Pitpass ' business editor , Chris Sylt , revealed that he had already been looking at the legal implications of Friday 's announcement .
In a nutshell , Sylt believes that the FOTA teams have not submitted valid entries , for with the conditions attached this seems be legally impossible .
" They may think that they have submitted valid entries , " said Sylt , " but , in fact , the entries they have submitted will either legally bind them to the 2010 Championship according to the existing regulations ( budget cap and all ) without conditions or their entries are invalid and therefore the FOTA teams have not lodged any entry for next year .
I think that the latter is the most likely . "
In order to lodge an entry for the 2010 World Championship , the teams have to fill in and sign an FIA entry form .
This requirement is written into the 2010 Sporting Regulations :
13 ) COMPETITORS APPLICATIONS
13.1 Applications to compete in the Championship may be submitted to the FIA during the period 22 - 29 May 2009 inclusive on an entry form as set out in Appendix 2 hereto accompanied by an undertaking to pay the entry fee of € 309,000 ( three hundred and nine thousand Euros ) to the FIA no later than 1 November 2009 .
David Evans takes on Rob Kampia on marijuana legalization debate on cnn anderson cooper 360 .
Continue Reading
There ’s some interesting but not very surprising commentary on Sarah Palin from some Republican legislators :
“ The only thing she seemed interested in at that point was talking about she was dealt with unfairly in the press , ” Gara said .
State Rep. Jay Ramras , a Republican and chairman of the state House Judiciary Committee , put it simply : “ Governing is hard . ”
He said it was actually a misnomer that Palin had returned from her stint on the GOP ticket last fall as a changed person .
“ She did n’t like the job when she had it here .
She did n’t enjoy governing .
She just enjoyed the ceremonial aspects of job . ”
This is eerily Bush - like .
Everyone remembers “ it ’s hard being president ” as well his Dubya ’s love of playing dress -up .
The national media ’s fascination with the White House experience ( typified by Brian Williams ’ breathless “ To be in the hallway when the president walks by with a handful of M&Ms , popping them in his mouth as he goes to visit his chief of staff — it was unbelievable ” ) falls in the same general category .
I ’ve always thought that if Palin were just a touch less ignorant and frightening , the national media might have loved her .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - U.S. service sector employees who receive tips have been excluded from the latest hike in the federal minimum wage that kicked in on Friday , leaving the public to cover the cost of their healthcare , according to economists and advocates .
A waitress carries food to customers at Tony 's I - 75 Restaurant in Birch Run , Michigan , October 15 , 2006 .
REUTERS / Molly Riley
The federal minimum wage on Friday rose to $ 7.25 from $ 6.55 .
But only seven states guarantee tipped workers the minimum wage , according to a report by the National Employment Law Project , a New York - based advocacy group for low - income workers .
The minimum wage for so - called “ tipped ” workers has been frozen at $ 2.13 an hour since 1991 , the report found .
Waitresses and waiters , who comprise the majority of tip - receiving workers , have nearly three times the poverty rate of the nation ’s workforce , it said .
Wait staff are twice as likely to go without health insurance , partly because few employers help them pay for a health plan .
James Parrott , the chief economist of the New York - based Fiscal Policy Institute , said the public often pays for some of these low - income employees ’ healthcare .
“ Low - wage workers without health insurance can cost taxpayers $ 3,000 - $ 6,000 a year if covered by Medicaid , or , if they receive uncompensated care , they cost employers or individuals who have private health insurance an average of $ 2,500 per uninsured person receiving compensated care , ” he said by e-mail .
The Fiscal Policy Institute , a nonpartisan think tank , in a report estimated that at the new federal rate , a full - time worker would earn $ 15,080 a year .
“ Research has shown that workers benefiting from minimum wage increases in New York are disproportionately women , and minimum wage earners on average contribute most of their family ’s earnings , ” the institute ’s Michele Mattingly said in the report .
“ Contrary to stereotype , large numbers of affected workers -- often the majority -- are adults aged 20 and older , ” she said
Covering healthcare could prove difficult for many recession - stricken U.S. states that are slicing spending on Medicaid , the federal - state health plan for the poor , disabled and elderly , which consumes about 22 percent of an average state ’s budget .
With U.S. Senate leaders delaying action on President Barack Obama ’s health plan until autumn , 18 states have already cut spending on public health programs .
WASHINGTON -- Supreme Court nominee Sonia Sotomayor helped lead an advocacy group that pushed legal theories about employment and race much like the one scotched by the Supreme Court Monday , according to documents released Wednesday as part of her confirmation process .
The Puerto Rican Legal Defense and Education Fund filed several lawsuits on behalf of minority employees alleging that promotional examinations were racially biased , obtaining judgments or settlements that guaranteed their promotion , sometimes ahead of white ...
Tennant , who took over from Christopher Eccleston in 2005 , said that he had been hugely impressed by what he had seen of Smith , who will be the youngest ever actor to play Doctor Who .
This week , Simon Singh , one of Britain 's best science writers , will decide whether to carry on playing a devilish version of Who Wants to be a Millionaire ?
He has already lost £ 100,000 defending his right to speak frankly .
He could walk away .
No one would think the worse of him if he did .
Or he could go on and risk losing the full million by ensnaring himself in the rapacious world of an English judiciary that seems ever eager to bow to the demands of Saudi oil billionaires , Russian oligarchs and the friends of Saddam Hussein to censor critics and punish them with staggering damages and legal fees .
It seems no choice at all .
Any friend Singh phoned would tell him to cut his losses and run .
But if he were to turn to the audience , he would hear scientists all but screaming at him to go to the Court of Appeal and challenge a judgment that threatens the robust discussions open societies depend on .
A national defence campaign is ready to roll on his command .
At a preliminary support meeting , a cheering crowd acclaimed him as a free - speech champion .
In truth , he makes an unlikely warrior .
Singh is a serious and amiable man , whose accounts of the solving of Fermat 's last theorem and code breaking won high praise and provoked no controversy .
Last year , he published Trick or Treatment ?
with Professor Edzard Ernst on the reliability of " alternative medicine " , and devoted a chapter to the strange history of chiropractic treatments .
One Daniel David Palmer invented the therapy in Davenport , Iowa , in 1895 , when he convinced himself that he had cured a janitor 's deafness by " racking " his back .
Inspired by this miracle , Palmer developed the theory that " 95 % of all diseases are caused by displaced vertebrae " , rather than , say , the germs that so bothered conventional doctors of the time .
Chiropractic therapy was a new religion , Palmer declared , and he was a successor to Christ , Muhammad and Martin Luther .
At home , he practised vigorous racking on his children .
His son , Bartlett , described how he beat them with " straps until we carried welts , for which Father was often arrested and spent nights in jail " .
Bartlett bought the first car Davenport had seen and paid his father back by running him down on the day of the Palmer School of Chiropractic Homecoming Parade .
Palmer died of his injuries a few weeks later , but his ideas lived on .
In 2008 , the British Chiropractic Association ( BCA ) announced that its members could help treat children with colic , sleeping and feeding problems , frequent ear infections , asthma and prolonged crying .
Writing in the Guardian , Singh said the claim was " bogus " .
Chiropractic treatments may help relieve back pain , but Professor Ernst had examined 70 trials and found no evidence that they could relieve other conditions .
Singh is hardly a lone sceptic .
A few weeks ago , the Advertising Standards Authority upheld a complaint against a chiropractor who claimed he could treat children with colic and learning difficulties .
Nevertheless , the BCA took Singh on and told me it had " numerous documents which demonstrate the efficacy of chiropractic " treatments .
Fair enough , you might think .
Reputable medical authorities could test the evidence and decide whether the treatments work or not .
Instead of arguing before the court of informed opinion , however , the BCA went to the libel courts and secured a ruling from Mr Justice Eady that made Singh 's desire to test chiropractors ' claims next to impossible .
Because Singh used the word " bogus " , the judge said he had to prove that chiropractors knew they were worthless but " dishonestly presented them to a trusting and , in some respects perhaps , vulnerable public " .
The learned judge did not seem to understand that the worst thing about the deluded is that they sincerely believe every word they say .
On Eady 's logic , a writer who condemns as " bogus " a neo -Nazi 's claim that a conspiracy of Jews controls American foreign policy could be sued successfully if lawyers jumped up and said neo -Nazis sincerely believed their conspiracy theories to be true .
The consequences of letting the libel law loose on scientific debate are horrendous .
Science proceeds by peer review .
A researcher 's colleagues must submit his or her ideas to scrutiny without fear of the consequences .
If they think they could lose their homes and savings in the libel courts , however , they will back off .
For alternative therapists are not the only ones answering their critics with lawyers .
NMT , an American health giant , is suing a British doctor for questioning one of its treatments .
After the Singh ruling , the Sense About Science lobby group fears the commercial pressure to rush out new treatments will lead companies to quash doubters with writs in London courts and put public health at risk .
Watching recent libel cases has been like hearing rumours about parliamentary expenses .
For years , I have wondered what it will take to turn a neglected scandal into a public outrage .
After Eady ordered the censorship of a New York author 's book on terrorism , which had not even been published in Britain , the US Congress began drafting a law which will guarantee that English libel judgments have no validity in America .
The United Nations has condemned the judges ' practice of welcoming rich libel tourists from across the world to their hospitable courts and urged Britain to allow free speech on matters of public interest .
In the Commons , MPs have railed against the absurdity of a legal system which forced a Danish newspaper to pay £ 100,000 for criticising the shady financial practices of the Icelandic bank Kaupthing , which duly collapsed six months later along with the rest of the Icelandic economy .
None of their despairing pleas has moved the government or persuaded the judiciary to reform itself .
Maybe the Singh case will .
If he goes ahead with an appeal this week , bloggers , academics and the massed ranks of the scientific great and good are ready to join him .
They have grasped what too many still fail to realise : the greatest threat to freedom of speech in Britain is not the state or the security services or the press barons , but a fusty and illiberal legal system , which has become a public menace .
Amanda Lepore is pretty .
Really pretty .
And she has no qualms about pouting her lips or pouring out her cleavage enough times so you know it .
The “ My Pussy ” singer ’s been plasticized into something of a caricature – she ’d probably be the first to tell you , she modeled herself after Jessica Rabbit – which is one of the reasons the model / actress / nightlife queen ’s been dubbed “ World ’s Most Famous Transsexual . ”
Breaking from packing for Switzerland , Lepore chatted with us about that title , the I … Amanda Lepore album due July 7 , and what it takes to look as good as her ( and it ’s not plastic surgery ) .
GayCalgary : How are you , Amanda ?
Amanda : Good .
GayCalgary :
And your pussy ?
Amanda :
It ’s good .
Famous ( laughs ) .
GayCalgary : “ I … Amanda Lepore ” does n’t drop until next month , but what can we expect from it ?
Amanda : Different styles of music .
It is n’t just club music .
There ’s slow songs ; there ’s all different styles .
GayCalgary :
Will you be exploiting your private parts on any of the tracks ?
Amanda :
Um , let me think … no , I do n’t think so ( laughs ) .
GayCalgary :
You ’re obviously known for your transformation , including a synthetic vagina .
Watching a sex change procedure being done on TV inspired you , right ?
Amanda :
Well , I heard that it was obtainable – you know what I mean ?
– but I always wanted to be a girl .
There was no question about it .
I mean , that TV show did n’t put that in my mind ; it just kind of gave me direction to where you could go to get it ( laughs ) .
GayCalgary : How old were you then ?
Amanda : I think 12 .
GayCalgary : How did you envision yourself at that age ?
Amanda : I just wanted to be a girl .
For a long time , I did n’t really ( care about ) anything except for wanting to be a pretty girl ( laughs ) .
I think all through Limelight ( a string of nightclubs Lepore performed at ) , I really was just so happy dressing up and being a glamorous girl and being an “ it ” girl that I really did n’t have any motivation to be anything else ( laughs ) .
GayCalgary :
Do you feel like a role model to other transgender people ?
Amanda : Definitely .
Nobody at the time wanted to call themselves the No. 1 Transsexual in the World .
It was something they did n’t want to be known as ( laughs ) .
Ten years ago , transsexuals ( wanted ) to blend in ; there were more who wanted to blend in on the streets than wanted to be on the cover of Vogue .
They would really go out of their way to not do anything too flashy ; it was more about meeting a straight man and getting married .
I know transsexuals that get a husband or something and go as far as getting married and never tell them .
I think it was sort of a goal for transsexuals – for the guys not to know .
It ’s like a game , kind of .
I was the opposite and just said , “ Hi , I ’m the No. 1 Transsexual in the World , ” and I probably got that title because nobody wants it ( laughs ) .
I think that it really opened the door for transsexuals on TV .
I went to a college one time in Ohio and there were girls becoming boys and they had hair on their legs , and they were going to college .
When I went to school I had to have a tutor , like I could n’t even go because people just could n’t deal .
GayCalgary : Dolly Parton has called herself a cartoon because of all the plastic surgery she ’s had .
So how does being made into a totally different person on the outside change your perception of yourself ?
Amanda : I always got attention even before I did any plastic surgery at all .
I was just really striking .
People think I did a lot more plastic surgery than I really did ; I mean , for a transsexual I do n’t think I did so much .
A lot of transsexuals had way more plastic surgery than me .
At least double .
GayCalgary :
What ’s real then ?
Amanda :
People think that my bone structure is ( fake ) , but I only had one nose job .
Everything else is just natural – that ’s what made me striking was the bone structure , more than anything else .
And that ’s natural .
GayCalgary :
You ’ve said that you wanted to look as close to Jessica Rabbit as possible .
Amanda :
Well , the blond bombshell , too .
But I liked Jessica Rabbit too , because that was even curvier and prettier .
GayCalgary : How do you feel about aging ?
Amanda :
It does n’t bother me only because I seem to get prettier .
I ’m one of those people who look better when they ’re older , so it does n’t really bother me .
I definitely look softer and prettier now than I did in the ’90s .
GayCalgary : Good genes or plastic surgery ?
Amanda : I do n’t know .
I probably take care of myself better , I think .
I go to the gym .
I ’m just smarter .
I just look better .
And probably experimenting with hairdos and everything .
Like , I always studied pictures ( to ) know what works on me and what does n’t .
You could look better if you have that knowledge .
I do n’t really need any stylists or hairdressers or anything , I could really do it myself .
GayCalgary :
You put your own makeup on ?
Amanda :
Yeah , sometimes people do it for me , but most of the time I do it .
GayCalgary : Wow .
So no glam entourage for Amanda Lepore , huh ?
Amanda :
Well , I ’m one of those people that – like when I did photos with , like , David LaChapelle , I ’d always ask , “ So , what did you do ?
What did you do ? ” I like doing myself , and I ’d always ask a million questions .
Someone like Pamela Anderson does n’t even do their own makeup ; they ’re really dependent on somebody doing them , where I could look as bombshell as could be … right now ( laughs ) .
GayCalgary :
What do you think or feel when you look through old photos of you , before you underwent the plastic surgery ?
Amanda : I ’m just fascinated that I look better .
It ’s fascinating , but it happens .
I see some women that I know that are older and that look incredible .
I went to a Louis Vuitton party once and I saw Iman – David Bowie ’s wife – and I know that she ’s been around longer than me , but she looks better now .
GayCalgary :
When you were younger did you ever pretend that you had them by , maybe , stuffing your shirt with socks ?
Amanda : Nah , not really .
I kind of liked that look – that model -y look – at the time .
I did n’t really want big ones .
I associated them with “ big mamas , ” and I just did n’t have that body type .
I was really tiny .
It just looked right at that time to have little ones .
GayCalgary :
Tell me about the breasts you have now , because you ’ve got some of the perkiest ones I ’ve ever seen .
Amanda : I got them done three times .
I started off really skinny , so I went small .
I was n’t one of those girls that gets giant breasts ; I wanted them to be soft and pretty , so I went really small my first time .
And , actually , I had my sex change before I even had breast implants , like I had little breasts and I looked good like that at the time .
I had , like , Angie Harmon breasts , very Kate Moss type , and it looked good .
Then I wanted more of a sexy look , so I started getting the lips , and wanted bigger breasts .
It ’s a proportion thing , too – you do one thing , then you do something else .
So for a while I had the bigger lips and maybe C breasts , but they looked really big .
It was more stripper -y because I did n’t have a really curvy body .
I wanted more curves , ( so I did ) my hips and behind .
Then , the breasts looked small , so I got bigger breasts to balance it – and then it was done .
And I ’m perfect now ( laughs ) .
JAKARTA , Indonesia ( CNN ) --
Indonesian authorities believe two suicide bombers checked into the JW Marriott Hotel in Jakarta and carried out coordinated bombings Friday morning , killing themselves and at least six victims and wounding more than 50 others .
A body is removed following the blasts at the Ritz - Carlton and the nearby J.W. Marriott hotels in Jakarta on Friday .
more photos »
It is unclear what group is behind the attacks on the Marriott and the adjacent Ritz - Carlton hotel , Indonesia 's National Police Chief Gen. Bambang Hendarso said at a news conference .
He warned that the death toll could rise .
Four of the six victims in Jakarta 's hotel bombings were foreigners , the Indonesian Healthy Ministry said Saturday .
The ministry identified two of the dead as Australian , one from New Zealand and one from Singapore .
Another victim was Indonesian and the sixth remained unidentified .
Eight American nationals were among the wounded , according to the U.S. State Department .
Investigators are also analyzing closed - circuit television footage from the Marriott that shows a man , sporting a baseball cap and pulling a wheeled suitcase , heading toward the JW Marriott Hotel 's lobby - level restaurant seconds before the deadly blast .
Five victims and one suicide bomber were killed at the Marriott , according to police spokesman Inspector General Nanan Soekarna .
Minutes later , another suicide bomber struck the adjacent Ritz - Carlton , killing one person and the bomber .
Indonesian national police confirmed that the man seen in the CCTV video , distributed by Indonesian television , is being investigated in connection with the blast .
" We are suspecting the man in the footage because the time frame matches with the time of the bombing , " national police spokesman Nanan Soekarma said .
" It is obviously premature to confirm it right now as we will have to wait for the lab results and the investigation to conclude . "
Indonesian authorities have detained several witnesses and others for questioning , and have sent forensic evidence from the scene for testing , a spokesman for Indonesian President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono said .
" It 's all being studied now , " Dino Patti Djalal told CNN .
Yudhoyono warned that it is still too early to determine who was behind the attacks .
" This terrorist action is thought to be the work of a terrorist group , even though it is not certain whether this is the terrorism which we are familiar with up until now , " the recently reelected president said .
See images of the aftermath »
The bombings at the two luxury hotels -- which are connected by an underground tunnel -- happened shortly before 8 a.m. ( 9 p.m. Thursday ET ) , first at the Marriott and then 10 minutes later at the Ritz - Carlton , police officials said .
Both blasts struck the hotels ' restaurants and several prominent international business leaders were among the casualties .
Watch footage of the scene of the blasts »
An unexploded bomb was found on the Marriott Hotel 's 18th floor where several suspects believed to be linked to the bombings were staying , Hendarso said .
Indonesian investigators believe the bombers checked into the Marriott on Wednesday and were scheduled to check out on Friday , he added .
It is unclear how they got around the " robust security " at the hotels , according to Alan Orlob , security chief for Marriott Hotels .
Ritz - Carlton is a subsidiary of Marriott .
Orlob said there had been no indication of any " immediate threat in Jakarta . "
Watch Orlob describe security measures »
Security has been extremely high at the Marriott hotel in Jakarta since it was struck by a car bombing in August 2003 that killed 12 people .
Suspicion immediately fell on Jemaah Islamiyah ( JI ) , the Islamist terrorist network with ties to Osama bin Laden 's al Qaeda terrorist network that was tied to the 2003 Marriott attack and the 2002 Bali nightclub bombings that killed more than 200 people , mostly foreign tourists .
Hendarso said the type of explosives found were similar to those found in a recent raid on a home in West Java that was linked to Noordin Top , a suspected leader of a small JI splinter group that espouses the use of large - scale terror attacks to push for the establishment of Islamic states in the region .
So far , there has been no claim of responsibility for the latest attack .
Al Jazeera English reported that it was in touch with a JI member who denied any involvement in Friday 's hotel bombings .
Watch analysts discuss potential suspects »
The fatalities include New Zealand national Timothy David McKay , 60 , according to Indonesia 's state - run Antara New Agency .
McKay -- the CEO of Holcim Indonesia , a cement company -- was at the hotel for a breakfast meeting with fellow prominent business leaders , the Jakarta Post reported .
Indonesian media also reported that two directors of Freeport Indonesia , the largest copper and gold mining company in Indonesia , were wounded in the attacks on the two hotels .
English soccer team Manchester United canceled its trip to Indonesia after the bombing .
It had been scheduled to check into the Ritz - Carlton on Sunday .
Emergency numbers Marriott / Ritz - Carlton Family Assistance Hotline
+1 8662114610
+14023903265
Hotel guests said the first blast at the Marriott shook the building .
The second blast at the Ritz - Carlton apparently struck the hotel restaurant on the second floor , according to witnesses .
The force of the blast blew out the windows on the Ritz - Carlton 's second floor .
" The shocking part was entering the lobby , where the glass at the front of the hotel was all blown out and blood was spattered across the floor , but most people were leaving calmly , " hotel guest Don Hammer said .
Greg Woolstencroft said he had just walked past the hotels to his nearby apartment when he heard an explosion .
" I looked out my window and I saw a huge cloud of brownish smoke go up , " he told CNN in a telephone interview .
" I grabbed my iPhone to go downstairs ... and then the second bomb went off at the Ritz - Carlton , so I then ran around to the Ritz - Carlton and I was able to find that there had been a massive bomb that went off in this ... restaurant area and the explosion had blown out both sides of the hotel . "
Woolstencroft said he saw a body that " looked like someone who had been a suicide bomber or someone who had been very , very close to the explosion . "
The chief technology officer for a television station said he had lived at the Ritz for a year before moving to his nearby apartment , and had been impressed by the facility 's security .
" I just do n't know how someone could get in there with a bomb , given the level of security and screening that people have to go through , " he said , citing armed guards at checkpoints and thorough searches of people , bags and vehicles .
CNN's Kathy Quiano and Andy Saputra in Jakarta , Indonesia contributed to this report .
All About Indonesia • Jakarta • Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono
The Guardian has obtained exclusive footage that gives an insight into life at Vestas for the workers occupying the closure - threatened wind turbine plant
As the CEO of a telecommunications company , Shawn Schmidt has to keep a close eye on his bottom line .
Survival of the fittest and all that .
He does n’t award himself a lot of time for diversions .
But when the Eagan dad suspected a mother duck could use a hand protecting her young from near - certain death , Schmidt almost jumped into a storm sewer to save them .
“ I understand that the reason ducks have 10 babies is because only three or four survive , and that ’s just the way things are , ” Schmidt said .
“ But you have to give them a fighting chance . ”
The case of the crying mallard drew quite a crowd to watch Schmidt ’s impromptu act of heroism .
Several bystanders , some of them children , even joined in to help .
Schmidt was driving toward his son ’s youth baseball game recently when he spotted a distraught mother duck at the corner of Coachman and Yankee Doodle roads .
“ She was just going crazy , ” he said .
Schmidt kept driving , but something nagged at him .
Female ducks usually stick close to their young at this time of year , and the intersection separates two ponds , prime nesting area for fowl .
“ I got about a block away , and it struck me with an overpowering feeling that something was n’t right , ” he said .
He turned back , parked his truck and got out , expecting the excited duck to scoot away .
It did n’t .
“ It just stood there , ” Schmidt said .
The duck seemed to want to keep 10 feet between them , but when Schmidt stepped away , she followed .
Schmidt heard something that sounded like chirping .
Suspecting what had happened , he stooped to peer into two storm drains , about 10 feet apart , lining the street .
Sure enough , he could see what looked like bundles of ducklings down each drain .
“ I probably saw seven ducks all huddled together in a ball , and I said , ‘ Oh you got to be kidding me , ’ ” he said .
Realizing he would be late for his son ’s game if he stopped to help , he called his son and explained the situation , and asked him what he should do .
“ He said , ‘ Dad , you need to help the ducks , ’ ” Schmidt recalled .
Schmidt removed the storm grates , but the ducklings were at least six feet down , too far to reach .
He rushed home for a hockey stick , a bucket and a fishing net .
Soon , he was flat on his stomach , banging the tunnel bottom with the hockey stick to get the ducklings to run into the net .
He scooped up two at a time and placed them in the bucket .
“ I drew quite a bit of attention to myself .
Everyone in the neighborhood must have wondered why the crazy guy was digging in the sewer , ” he said .
A crowd began to form , with children cheering him on .
Just when it seemed his work was done , 9 - year - old Jessica Citron and some of the others in the crowd heard more chirping across the street .
There were more ducklings beneath a third sewer grate and more work to be done .
“ Shawn had just told one of the other moms , ‘ I have to tell myself I got all the ducks , so I ’ll be able to sleep tonight ’ … and that ’s when some of the kids heard the squeak , ” said Tracey Citron , Jessica ’s mother .
Soon , the bucket was full with 15 baby ducks , and Schmidt was filthy .
“ We had three people at all three sewer holes listening for more quacking to make sure there were no more down there , ” he said .
Schmidt brought the bucket to a grassy area near one of the ponds , about 30 feet from the crowd , and left it resting on its side , so the tiny birds could enter and leave at will .
Suddenly , a mallard appeared .
It made a call , and out from the bucket marched about five ducklings .
The family waddled away , mom at the helm .
Before long , a second mallard appeared , squawked , and out marched another five ducklings .
They walked off together , too .
A third mallard arrived and retrieved the last of the young .
Satisfied , Schmidt jumped back in his car and drove home to take a steaming shower and congratulate himself on his good deed of the day .
Uncooked meat products enhanced with food additives may contain high levels of phosphorus and potassium that are not discernable from inspection of food labels , according to a study appearing in an upcoming issue of the Clinical Journal of the American Society Nephrology ( CJASN ) .
This can make it difficult for people to limit dietary phosphorus and potassium that at high levels are harmful to kidney disease patients .
Kidney disease patients on dialysis must watch their intake of dietary phosphate so that their blood phosphate levels do not rise .
This is important because high blood phosphate levels may cause premature death in dialysis patients .
Kidney disease patients also must limit their intake of potassium , because high blood potassium levels can cause sudden death .
One growing source of dietary phosphorus and potassium is through " enhanced " fresh meat and poultry products .
These foods are injected with a solution of water with sodium and potassium salts ( particularly phosphates ) as well as antioxidants and flavorings .
While ingesting phosphates and potassium can be dangerous for dialysis patients , there is no requirement that these ingredients be included in nutrition labels .
There also have been no studies on the levels of phosphates and potassium contained in fresh meat and poultry products that have been " enhanced . "
Richard Sherman , MD , and Ojas Mehta , DO ( University of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey , Robert Wood Johnson Medical School ) , examined the potassium and phosphate content in a variety of " enhanced " and additive - free meat and poultry products available in local supermarkets .
They found that products that were labeled as " enhanced " had an average phosphate concentration that was 28 % higher than additive - free products , with some products almost 100 % higher .
Potassium content was variable .
Additive - free products all contained < 387 mg of potassium per 100 gm of protein while 5 of the 25 products with additives that were studied contained at least 692 mg of potassium per 100 gm of protein ( maximum 930 mg /100 gm ) .
Most foods with phosphate and potassium additives reported the additives on the labeling ; however , 8 of the 25 " enhanced " products included in the study did not list the additives .
" The burden imposed on those seeking to limit dietary phosphorus and potassium could be ameliorated by more complete food labeling by manufacturers , " the authors wrote .
The study was funded by grants from Genzyme , Inc. and Dialysis Clinics , Inc .
There have been some developments so we must , I think , revisit the case of the Dakota Ridge kid , if only to remind ourselves , principals and the cops that it is rarely a good idea to put kids in handcuffs .
In short , knock it off .
You may remember the case of Blake Benson , a now 17 - year - old Littleton student , who one day last presidential campaign season decided he wanted to stand up for his man , John McCain .
It was Nov. 3 , and Michelle Obama was scheduled to deliver a speech at Dakota Ridge High School in Littleton .
Benson brought a McCain yard sign to school .
No signs , administrators told him .
A T - shirt was OK , but no signs .
Benson went to work cutting up various signs , and fashioning a shirt that read : NOBAMA .
On the back , he taped the word PALIN .
He wore it all day with no problems .
School let out .
Obama supporters had gathered in front of the school .
He joined them , still dressed in his NOBAMA shirt .
“ I knew Mrs. Obama was going to be at the school , and I just wanted to show how I felt about it , who I supported , ” he said .
“ And honestly , I was n’t worried about getting into trouble . ”
Trouble , though , soon arrived .
A campus security guard walked up and told the boy to leave .
“ I ’m not leaving , ” he replied .
He fetched a school administrator .
By then , Benson was joined by two friends .
A Jefferson County sheriff ’s deputy showed up next .
He marched the boys into the school .
“ Are you going to leave ? ” the deputy asked .
“ No , ” Benson told him .
“ He began shouting at us , screaming that our lives were over if we did n’t quit this ( expletive ) .
He completely tried to intimidate us .
I did n’t give him the reaction he wanted , so he said he was taking us to the station . ”
He marched Benson to a conference room , and handcuffed him .
And he wrote out a summons — “ interference with staff of an educational facility . ”
“ I knew we were n’t going to jail or anywhere , ” Benson said .
“ He did n’t read us our rights .
I just smiled at him because I knew it was a joke . ”
He remained handcuffed for an hour and a half , he said , long enough for the event to be completed .
He walked home .
Early last month , the Jefferson County D.A. ’s office dropped the charge against the boy .
A one - day suspension was rescinded .
“ There is no more classically protected speech than peacefully protesting against one candidate and for another , ” said Daniel Recht , a Denver attorney who took the case on behalf of the American Civil Liberties Union .
“ What Blake Benson was doing is as American as apple pie . ”
Now , listen to the kid :
“ Looking back , I did n’t even feel like an American citizen because I could n’t do what I was always taught I was free to do .
“ I could n’t express what I felt because I was in handcuffs in the office the whole time .
Would I do it again ?
I would , even if they arrested me again .
“ And you know the worst thing ?
Nobody ever apologized . ”
And this is a kid who has committed to join the U.S. Army following graduation .
“ I want to go over , join the war on terror and try to make a difference and help people , ” Benson explained .
So everyone , knock it off .
Bill Johnson writes Mondays , Wednesdays and Fridays .
Reach him at 303-954-2763 or wjohnson@denverpost.com .
Global Privacy Settings panel
This content requires Flash
Note : The Settings Manager that you see above is not an image ; it is the actual Settings Manager .
Click the tabs to see different panels , and click the options in the panels to change your Adobe Flash Player settings .
Use this panel to reset the privacy settings in Flash Player :
If you select Always Deny and then confirm your selection , any website that tries to use your camera or microphone will be denied access .
You will not be asked again if a website can use your camera or microphone .
This action applies both to websites you have already visited and to those you have n't yet visited .
If you select Always Ask and then confirm your selection , any website that tries to use your camera or microphone must ask your permission .
This action applies both to websites you have already visited and to those you have n't yet visited .
If you previously selected Remember in the Privacy Settings panel to permanently allow or deny access for one or more websites , selecting Always Ask or Always Deny has the effect of deselecting Remember for all those websites .
In other words , the selection you make here overrides any previous selections you may have made in the Privacy Settings panel .
After you select either Always Ask or Always Deny ( or instead of doing so ) , you can specify privacy settings for individual websites that you have already visited .
For example , you might select Always Deny here and then use the Website Privacy Settings Panel and select Always Allow for individual websites that you know and trust .
For an overview of issues relating to privacy , see What are privacy settings ? in the discussion of the Settings Manager .
Published online 6 July 2009 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news.2009.627
News
Single injection cures infected mice — and it can protect those who have n't yet caught the disease .
The study could be a shot in the arm for the treatment of rabies .
WHO
A rabies vaccine that reverses the disease in mice after just one injection may pave the way to cheap , effective prevention of the fatal illness .
Once a person is exposed to rabies — which is most often transmitted by a dog bite — he or she must quickly begin a month - long series of five vaccination shots to prevent the onset of disease .
The procedure is effective , but the expense and logistics of multiple shots makes it inaccessible to much of the developing world , where more than 99 % of the 55,000 rabies deaths each year occur1 .
Now , a team of virologists and immunologists in the United States have engineered a new strain of the rabies virus that induces a far more potent immune response than current vaccines .
In mice already infected with a virulent rabies strain , a single administration of the new vaccine was enough to clear the virus from the body , even after early symptoms had appeared2 .
Conventional post - exposure rabies vaccines consist of inactivated viruses that can't grow or cause infection , and require several injections to produce an appropriate immune response .
Live viruses that are ' attenuated ' — weakened — induce a much stronger immune response than inactivated virus but are problematic because they may themselves cause disease .
Sounding the alarm
Virologist Bernhard Dietzschold and his team at Thomas Jefferson University in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , wanted to make the new virus strain as safe as an inactivated virus , yet able to rouse the immune response to expunge the infecting virus as quickly as possible .
“ It 's a lot safer than other live attenuated vaccines that are out there . ”
Craig Hooper
Thomas Jefferson University
Dietzschold realized he could accomplish both goals by tinkering with a protein on the virus 's surface .
This protein — called the rabies virus glycoprotein ( G ) — sets off an alarm within the body 's immune system but is normally produced at such low levels that the body 's defences barely pick it up .
Dietzschold 's team found that they could ramp up the immune response by inserting three copies of the gene encoding the protein into the viral genome .
The researchers were also able to abolish the toxicity of the strain by changing two amino acids in the protein 's sequence .
" When you express a lot of glycoprotein , it makes it a better target because they 're the target for the immune system , " says co-author Craig Hooper , also at Thomas Jefferson .
" But it 's also more toxic .
For the immune system that 's a good thing :
If the first cells you infect are going to die , that means you bump up immune response very quickly , so you prevent the virus from spreading . "
To make sure the viral strain they developed did n't cause disease , they injected it directly into the brains of healthy , but very young , mice .
Pups as young as five days old did not show any signs of rabies .
" This means it 's a lot safer than other live attenuated vaccines that are out there , " Hooper says .
Later treatment ?
Dietzschold and his co-workers then infected adult mice with a virulent strain of rabies virus , injecting the pathogen either into muscle or directly into the brain , and found that their new vaccine could prevent onset of the disease if it was administered within three days of exposure .
" [ At present ] for humans , we must initiate treatment within 20 hours , " says Dietzschold .
" We showed we might be able to administer the vaccine later because we can clear the virus even after the onset of early symptoms . "
Finally , the group demonstrated the vaccine 's efficacy as a pre-exposure treatment — which is how rabies vaccines are currently used in wild animals and dogs .
Mice given the vaccine up to three weeks before being infected with the virus did not develop rabies .
" If this proves as safe as we think it is , it could be contemplated as a vaccine where one shot may protect for life , " Hooper says .
In the nearer term , Dietzschold hopes further testing may reveal the vaccine 's potential for eradicating the disease in dogs and provide a cheaper and easier alternative to current vaccines for humans .
ADVERTISEMENT
Clinician Rodney Willoughby of the Medical College of Wisconsin in Milwaukee , who treats people with rabies and was not involved in the study , is cautious about the new vaccine 's potential for treating the disease once symptoms begin .
" As far as treatment is concerned , this does n't bring anything new to the table , " he says .
That 's because if the person is already infected the vaccine could elicit an aggressive immune response in the central nervous system , Willoughby says , which can be harmful and even fatal .
Willoughby is more optimistic about the usefulness of the vaccine if it is administered before exposure , however .
He hopes it paves the way for routine immunization of children before they 're exposed to rabies in regions where the disease is widespread , such as parts of Asia and Africa — places where the World Health Organization already recommends pre-exposure vaccinations for travellers .
The vaccine 's apparent safety and need for just a single administration " allows the economics of vaccination to take a giant step forward " , he says .
Recent news reports about scuba divers off San Diego being menaced by large numbers of Humboldt 's or jumbo squid have raised the ire of University of Rhode Island biologist Brad Seibel .
As a leading expert on the species who has dived with them several times , he calls the reports " alarmist " and says the squid 's man-eating reputation is seriously overblown .
For years Seibel has heard stories claiming that Humboldt squid will devour a dog in minutes and could kill or maim unsuspecting divers .
" Private dive companies in Mexico play up this myth by insisting that their customers wear body armor or dive in cages while diving in waters where the squid are found .
Many also encourage the squid 's aggressive behavior by chumming the waters .
I did n't believe the hype , but there was still some doubt in my mind , so I was a little nervous getting into the water with them for the first time , " Seibel said .
Scuba diving at night in the surface waters of the Gulf of California in 2007 , Seibel scanned the depths with his flashlight and saw the shadows of Humboldt squid far in the distance .
After he got up his nerve , he turned off the light .
When he turned it back on again 30 seconds later , he was surrounded by what seemed like hundreds of the squid , many just five or six feet away from him .
Most were in the 3 - 4 foot size range , while larger ones were sometimes visible in deeper waters .
But the light appeared to frighten them , and they immediately dashed off to the periphery .
The URI researcher 's dive was more than just a personal test .
It was part of a scientific examination of the species some call " red devil " to learn more about their physiology , feeding behavior and swimming abilities .
Humboldt squid feed in surface waters at night , then retreat to great depths during daylight hours .
" They spend the day 300 meters deep where oxygen levels are very low , " Seibel said .
" We wanted to know how they deal with so little oxygen . "
Seibel said that while the squid are strong swimmers with a parrot - like beak that could inflict injury , man-eaters they are not .
Unlike some large sharks that feed on large fish and marine mammals , jumbo squid use their numerous small , toothed suckers on their arms and tentacles to feed on small fish and plankton that are no more than a few centimeters in length .
The highlight of Seibel 's research cruise with colleagues from the Monterey Bay Aquarium Research Institute was diving with the impressive animals .
Other divers participating were Lloyd Trueblood of URI , Steve Haddock of MBARI , and Alison Sweeney of the University of California , Santa Barbara .
Seibel was surprised by the large number of squid he encountered , which made it easy to imagine how they could be potentially dangerous to anything swimming with them .
Their large numbers also made Seibel somewhat pleased that they appeared frightened of his dive light .
Yet he said the animals were also curious about other lights , like reflections off his metal equipment or a glow - in - the - dark tool that one squid briefly attacked .
" Based on the stories I had heard , I was expecting them to be very aggressive , so I was surprised at how timid they were .
As soon as we turned on the lights , they were gone , " he said .
" I did n't get the sense that they saw the entire diver as a food item , but they were definitely going after pieces of our equipment . "
According to Seibel , there have been many active discussions among biologists and the dive community about the safety of diving with Humboldt squid .
As a result of his experience , the URI scientist is preparing a formal report with his recommendations for safely diving with the squid , including suggestions to always carry a back - up dive light and to be tethered to a boat .
Any time humans enter the habitat of a large animal , there is potential for dangerous interactions , he said , so divers should use caution .
" However , I want to spread the word that they are n't the aggressive man-eaters as they have been portrayed , " Seibel said .
Daylife / AP
Photo used by permission
Scientists claim to have created human sperm for the first time , in a breakthrough they say could lead to new treatment for male infertility .
The sperm was grown in a laboratory in Newcastle from embryonic stem cells .
Led by Professor Karim Nayernia , researchers developed a method of growing early - stage sperm from human embryonic stem cells by using retinoic acid , a vitamin A derivative …
Nayernia , of Newcastle University and the North East England Stem Cell Institute ( Nesci ) , described the cells as “ fully mature , functional ” sperm , which he called In Vitro Derived ( IVD ) sperm .
He said : “ This is an important development as it will allow researchers to study in detail how sperm forms and lead to a better understanding of infertility in men – why it happens and what is causing it …
“ It will also allow scientists to study how cells involved in reproduction are affected by toxins , for example why young boys with leukaemia who undergo chemotherapy can become infertile for life – and possibly lead us to a solution … ”
Professor Robin Lovell Badge , from the Medical Research Council Institute of Medical Research … questioned the findings , saying that “ they need much better evidence that such in - vitro derived sperm are normal ” but added that any progress by the team “ will be very important for research ” and “ ultimately , although definitely not yet , fertility treatments ” .
Nayernia responded by saying that his research paper was clearly labelled a “ proof of principle ” which concludes that it is in its early stages and further research is needed .
He said : “ We are not claiming this research is complete but we are saying that we have found human sperm . ”
Of the hundreds of news reports on this study , I happened to choose this one from The Guardian .
For two reason :
1 . They did n’t waste time and space on religious wingnuts who will lose sleep over the “ soul ” of critters produced by this sperm – or the usual array of quasi-ethical crap questions about humans and monsters .
The nutball brigade will take care of that on their own , thank you .
2 . The Guardian actually reported responsible questions [ and answers ] from those qualified by virtue of trying to advance the science – instead of playing at skeptic for media perks .
The single worst discussion I ’ve seen was on CNN , this morning – where an anchor - lady ventured discourse with a science - lady about how the ongoing experiments affected “ girl mice ” and “ mice children ” .
Where the frack is Miles O’Brien when you need him ?
UPDATE : The journal article has been withdrawn over questions of attribution of part of the introductory text .
None of the science has been questioned or removed .
It will be rewritten and published again .
France 's ability to reconcile secularism with religious diversity came under fresh scrutiny today after the government said it would not rule out banning Muslim women from wearing the full Islamic veil .
Five years after a law was passed forbidding children from wearing the headscarf or any other " conspicuous " religious symbol in schools , the government indicated it was prepared to wade into another thorny row over the state 's right to tell individuals what not to wear .
Speaking after a group of MPs requested an inquiry into the " degrading " use of the burka and niqab , government spokesman Luc Chatel said it was important to establish to what extent women 's rights were being compromised by the garments .
" If it were determined that wearing the burka is a submissive act , and that it is contrary to republican principles , naturally parliament would have to drawn the necessary conclusions , " he said .
When asked whether that could mean bringing in legislation to ensure an outright ban , Chatel answered : " Why not ? "
Although there are no official figures , several thousand women are believed to wear the full veil in France , and their appearance has long caused consternation among the upholders of the country 's staunchly secular values .
Last year a Moroccan woman was refused French citizenship after social services found she wore a burka and was living " in total submission " to her husband .
The Communist MP who led the call this week for an inquiry , André Gerin , denounced the garments as walking prisons .
In his request , backed by 57 other MPs , mostly from Nicolas Sarkozy 's centre - right UMP party , he said : " The sight of these imprisoned women is already intolerable to us when they come from Iran , Afghanistan or Saudi Arabia …
It is totally unacceptable on French soil . "
For a ban to be implemented , an investigation would first have to be opened and its results studied for any sign of incompatibility between secular values and the use of the full veil .
President Sarkozy , who recently defended France 's division between the state and religion during a press conference with Barack Obama , is understood to be in favour of the issue being explored .
Sarkozy 's leftwing urban policies secretary , herself a Muslim and former president of a women 's rights group , today gave her support to " a total ban " on the burka .
" I am for the banning of this coffin which kills basic freedoms , " Fadela Amara told Le Parisien newspaper .
" This debate has to clear the way to a law which protects women . "
This point of view , however , is not shared by everyone .
Muslim leaders have urged politicians not to create more tension between communities .
" To raise the subject like this , via a parliamentary committee , is a way of stigmatising Islam and the Muslims of France , " said Mohammed Moussaouni , head of the French Council for the Muslim Faith .
He said the full veil remained a marginal choice for most Muslim women , and such a provocative move threatened to alienate those more moderate in their practices .
His plea for the motion to be left alone was echoed by the immigration minister , Eric Besson , who said that , since 2004 , France had " managed to strike a balance , and it would be dangerous to call that into question " .
HOUSTON , June 24 ( UPI ) --
A prominent Florida defense attorney is being sued for breach of contract over a challenge he issued in 2006 involving a client charged with multiple murders .
Cheney Mason of Orlando told a national TV audience that he'd pay $ 1 million to anyone who could prove that his client , Nelson Ivan Serrano , was able to kill four people in the time that prosecutors said he did .
Advertisement
Dustin Kolodziej , a graduate of South Texas College of Law , says he retraced Serrano 's route across two states and made the final leg of the journey within the required time , The Orlando Sentinel reported Wednesday .
Now Kolodziej wants Mason to pay up and he 's asked a federal court in Houston to order him to do so .
Robert Jerry , dean of the University of Florida 's law school , says there have been cases in contract law in which people made bets or challenges and courts required them to pay .
Adebayor hits out at Arsenal boss Wenger : Lack of trophies is the reason I left to join Manchester City
Emmanuel Adebayor has hit out at Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger and insisted the club 's trophy drought was behind his reason to join Manchester City .
The 25 - year old has joined City in a £ 25 m deal and will be paid £ 170,000 a week - nearly double what he was being paid at Arsenal .
But as City continue to build a squad capable of challenging for major honours , Adebayor revealed the Gunners ’ failure to win any silverware since the FA Cup win in 2005 had prompted him to join Mark Hughes ’ revolution .
Emmanuel Adebayor arrives at The City of Manchester Stadium
He said : “ People who think that I have joined City for the money are wrong .
If I had made a move for that reason then I would have been playing for Barcelona or Milan last season .
Arsenal won nothing during Emmanuel Adebayor 's time in north London
' I want to win silverware and trophies .
That is my ambition .
' The team has quality and a manager who knows what he wants . '
Wenger decided to sell Adebayor after losing patience with the striker ’s attitude and disruptive influence in the dressing room .
A section of supporters were also critical of Adebayor for flirting with a move to AC Milan or Barcelona last summer and his seemingly poor work rate in several matches last season .
Wenger is expected to step up his search for a replacement this week with Bordeaux forward Marouane Chamakh top of the list .
He is also keen on Real Madrid 's Klaas Jan Huntelaar and Senegalese star Demba Ba .
Chamakh is keen on a move to Arsenal but has been offered a much improved
contract by the French club .
SEOUL , South Korea ( CNN ) -- North Korea fired several short - range missiles toward the Sea of Japan on Saturday , an act that the U.S. watched closely and South Korea called provocative .
N. Korean army soldiers , back , look at a S. Korean soldier , center , in the demilitarized zone in June .
Pyongyang fired six short - range missiles in less than seven hours , South Korea 's Foreign Ministry said .
The missiles were apparently Scud - type , estimated to have a range of about 500 kilometers ( 310 miles ) , according to South Korea 's Yonhap news agency .
South Korean intelligence estimates that North Korea has about 700 such missiles in its arsenal .
Pyongyang test - fired four such missiles off the east coast Thursday , Yonhap reported .
South Korea called the launches a provocative act , according to a government statement .
North Korea had issued a warning to mariners to avoid an area in the Sea of Japan at certain times between June 24 and July 9 because of a " military firing exercise , " according to a U.S. military communication about the warning provided to CNN .
The recent firings come amid heightened tensions on the Korean peninsula .
North Korea conducted a nuclear test in May , fired test rockets and threatened U.S. and South Korean ships near its territorial waters .
Watch S. Korea confirm firing of missiles »
The first two missiles were fired about 8 a.m. and 8:30 a.m. , Yonhap reported .
Another missile was launched about 10:45 a.m. , the agency reported .
A fourth one came some time after that .
The U.S. Navy and other U.S. officials said they are ready to track any missiles .
" The United States is aware of possible missile launches by North Korea .
We are closely monitoring North Korea 's activities and intentions , " a U.S. official said .
" This type of North Korea behavior is not helpful .
What North Korea needs to do is fulfill its international obligations and commitments . "
Earlier this week analyst Daniel Pinkston said the reported test might be training for a future test but it could also just be a routine military exercise .
" It is worrisome to some degree , but it is different from a ballistic missile launch , " said Pinkston , of the International Crisis Group in Seoul , South Korea .
" It 's part of military training , but there seem to be no movements of troops or anything that would suggest preparations for military operations .
" So yes , people are watching it , the military is watching it here , but I do n't think it 's related to any plans or operations to attack anyone . "
CNN 's Sohn Jie-Ah in Seoul , Korea , and Charley Keyes in Washington , D.C. , contributed to this report
All About North Korea • Diplomacy • Military Weapons • South Korea
FRANKLIN TOWNSHIP -- A Somerset County man wo n't be able to use multiple sclerosis as a defense for the 17 marijuana plants police found growing behind his house , a Superior Court judge ruled today .
A claim of personal use simply does not apply to the charges against Franklin Township resident John Ray Wilson , Judge Robert Reed said , following a hearing today in Somerville .
Wilson , 36 , is accused of first - degree maintaining or operating a drug- production facility , second - degree manufacturing and third - degree drug possession .
If convicted , he faces up to 20 years in prison .
A helicopter pilot spotted marijuana growing behind the house Wilson rented on Skillmans Lane last August and alerted State Police .
Detectives found well - worn trails leading to the plants , some as tall as 6 feet .
Authorities also found Miracle - Gro in a shed and psilocybin mushrooms and bags of processed marijuana in the dwelling , according to court papers .
Wilson said he uses marijuana to help alleviate the pain and other symptoms that have plagued him since 2002 .
In March , Reed denied the defense 's motion to dismiss the charges , saying there is no personal - use exemption for the cultivation of marijuana .
Deputy Attorney General Russell Curley filed a motion in April asking Reed to bar defense attorney James Wronko from asserting personal use as a defense and from referencing Wilson 's medical condition at trial .
The criminal case is progressing as the state Legislature contemplates the New Jersey Compassionate Use Medical Marijuana Act .
If it passes , New Jersey would become the 14th state to legalize medical marijuana .
During today 's hearing , Reed cited the bill but said the establishment of medical marijuana for personal use as a state policy or as a defense to criminal liability is a matter for the Legislature to decide and not for a court to create .
In his brief , Curley echoed the argument he raised in March .
" A person who maintains or operates a controlled dangerous substance production facility for planting , propagating , cultivating , growing or harvesting marijuana is , in fact , guilty of maintaining or operating a controlled dangerous substance production facility , regardless of whether the marijuana is produced for distribution or personal use , " he wrote .
During the hearing , Curley said allowing information about multiple sclerosis is merely a way to garner sympathy and could encourage jury nullification .
Jurors might opt to acquit Wilson , believing he had a reason to break the law .
Wronko said the jury should be allowed to hear the circumstances surrounding the plants .
If not , they " could readily speculate that he was operating an illegal commercial grow operation and must have done so for years to develop a market for the marijuana , " he wrote in court papers .
Omitting Wilson 's disease would keep him from addressing the issue of continuous use , one of the elements of operating a production facility .
He would not be able to testify this was the first and only crop he has tried to grow , Wronko said .
Barring the medical - use argument , " is basically tying our hands unfairly , " Wronko said in court .
Reed said the personal - use defense does not negate the elements of the production facility or manufacturing offenses .
He also said introducing evidence of Wilson 's disease " would create a powerful emotional argument in favor of jury nullification because it gives defendant a sympathetic reason for breaking the law . "
Reed said he is mindful of the danger in becoming a " judicial legislator . "
" When judges appropriate legislative pronouncements and executive prerogatives , they demean those branches of government , and diminish the stature of the courts , " Reed wrote .
" If medical marijuana use is to be recognized as an exemption to our criminal law , the legislative process must produce that result .
This court will not do so . "
A case such as Wilson 's is precisely why the Legislature needs to pass a medical marijuana bill as soon as possible , said Rosanne Scotti , director of the Drug Policy Alliance of New Jersey , a major proponent of the bill .
The fact that this case is coming up and the defendant faces such a harsh penalty " should light a fire under the Legislature to do something , because the ball really is in their court . "
Medical marijuana
Previous Star - Ledger coverage :
-- N.J. Assembly committee passes bill to allow ' medical marijuana '
-- N.J. Senate approves bill allowing use of medical marijuana
Almost every well prepared summit produces a " surprise " .
This " reset " summit between the US and Russia yielded heavily trailed agreements whereby Washington will be able to use Russian airspace to carry troops and material to Afghanistan , and the two countries will cut their strategic nuclear arsenals to as few as 1,500 warheads apiece by 2016 .
Less expected was President Obama 's intent , declared at his joint press conference with his opposite number Dmitri Medvedev , to convene a nuclear security summit next year to tackle proliferation , with Moscow in line to host a follow - up soon afterwards .
The move not only addresses the spread of nuclear weapons , perhaps the most dangerous threat to global stability .
It is also implicit US acknowledgement of Moscow 's importance – a key element in any long - term improvement in ties after the recent strains between the former superpower rivals .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Yesterday 's encounter was a step forward – though it could hardly have been otherwise after the chill of the later years of the George W Bush administration .
Mr Obama and Mr Medvedev , men of a similar generation , seem to have struck up a decent working relationship .
Meanwhile the Foreign Minister , Sergei Lavrov , plainly gets on a good deal better with Hillary Clinton than he did with Condoleezza Rice .
But the Medvedev / Putin conundrum persists : who has the last word in Kremlin policy - making ?
By saying that any decision will be that of the Russian government as a whole , Mr Obama neatly sidestepped the question .
Mr Medvedev has on occasion seemed less authoritarian on domestic issues , and more conciliatory on foreign policy than his predecessor .
However Vladimir Putin – now the Prime Minister – remains Russia 's most popular politician , in part thanks to his uncompromising line on the US , and his insistence that the former superpower must be respected as it was before the collapse of Communism .
Polls show Mr Putin 's compatriots broadly agree , for Russians remain deeply sceptical of the new US President .
The most lasting success of this summit would be if Mr Obama changed Russian opinions of himself , and by extension of the country he leads .
As for the vaunted " reset " , events will show whether it is more than wishful thinking in Washington .
On Iran for instance , both leaders expressed concern over Tehran 's nuclear ambitions .
But the crunch will only come when Moscow has to decide whether to back much tougher UN sanctions against the Islamic regime , all but inevitable assuming Iran does not relent in its uranium enrichment programme .
Of Nato expansion , particularly as it relates to Georgia and Ukraine , there was little mention .
Both presidents did not conceal they were divided on other major issues , most notably US plans for a missile defence system in central Europe , which could yet scupper hopes for strategic arms cuts .
On missile defence , Mr Obama flatly ruled out any direct link between the strategic arms cuts and abandonment of the missile defence system .
" Under no scenario " were the installations in the Czech Republic and Poland aimed at providing protection from " the mighty Russian arsenal " .
But a chink remains open : the internal US review of whether the system can actually meet its modest proclaimed goal , of dealing with what the US President called " a stray missile from a third source " ( ie Iran or North Korea ) .
If it concludes that missile defence fails that test , a deal could be possible .
But Mr Obama will not give up something for nothing in this new round of nuclear bargaining .
( CNN ) --
The little number on the tag on a pair of pants that indicates size can mean a lot to a person , and retailers know it .
The probability of people describing themselves as overweight is decreasing , researchers find .
That 's why , in recent years , as the American population has become generally more overweight , brands from the luxury names to the mass retail chains have scaled down the size labels on their clothing .
" You may actually be a size 14 and , according to whatever particular store you 're in , you come out a size 10 , " said Natalie Nixon , associate professor of fashion industry management at Philadelphia University .
" It 's definitely to make the consumer feel good . "
Research shows that , when it comes to self - perception , the concept of " overweight " may be relative .
A working paper from a group led by Mary Burke , senior economist at the Federal Reserve Bank of Boston , Massachusetts , suggested that people 's perceptions of overweight have shifted , and " normal " is now heavier than it used to be .
Researchers used data from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Surveys , nationally representative surveys run by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
The first group was surveyed in 1988 - 1994 , and the second was surveyed in 1999 - 2004 .
Because there were different people in each survey , it is not possible to tell if the perceptions of individuals shifted over time , the authors said .
Watch CNN 's Elizabeth Landau talk more about the study »
Participants were asked whether they consider themselves " underweight , " " about right , " or " overweight , " and reported their body mass index , a measure of the health risks associated with weight .
Calculate your BMI »
Are people more complacent , or better educated ?
Although the BMI of the general population increased from the earlier survey period to the later one , the probability of people describing themselves as overweight decreased in the later survey , researchers found .
They found that weight misperception tended to decrease among women -- meaning women with normal BMI who were surveyed in 1999 - 2004 were less likely to say that they 're " overweight " than women with normal BMI in 1988 - 1994 , especially among 17 to 19 - year - olds .
For men , it was about the same .
" For women , this was good news , " Burke said .
" Women seem to get a more realistic perception of themselves . "
Although the study authors said this trend may reflect healthy body image campaigns , physician nutrition specialist Dr. Melina Jampolis , who was not involved in this research , said she doubts that positive messages had this much influence .
Rather , it is the relative increase in weight of the general population that makes people with normal BMI feel more normal , she said .
On the flip side , feeling normal but being overweight may decrease a person 's motivation to lose weight , Burke said .
Still , while the BMI scale reflects disease risks associated with being overweight , it does not reflect the whole story of a person 's health , experts said .
There have been reports that being somewhat overweight , but not obese , is associated with decreased mortality , such as a 2005 study in the Journal of the American Medical Association that looked at deaths from a variety of causes .
Innovations such as treatments for high cholesterol have lowered the death risks for overweight people , Burke said .
Especially for older adults , being slightly overweight may increase bone density , cushioning bones against falls , she said .
But the JAMA paper shows associations , not causes .
People should not take this information as an excuse to gain weight , Jampolis said .
There are , however , other reasons that BMI is n't the whole story -- for instance , it does not reflect the distribution of a person 's weight , Jampolis said .
" You could have really skinny arms and legs and just carry your weight in the middle , and it could be only 10 pounds , but belly fat , the visceral adiposity , it could very significantly increase your risk of disease , " she said .
A brief history of body size perceptions
Experts noted that plumpness has been in style during some historical periods , especially as an indicator of prosperity when food was scarce .
But the ideal of controlling one 's food is n't new either .
The book " Fat History : Bodies and Beauty in the Modern West " by historian Peter Stearns points out that fasting was a religious virtue seen throughout the Middle Ages , and continuing into the Puritan version of Protestantism .
Christianity also espoused the idea of restricting food to fight sin .
Health Library MayoClinic.com : 20 tips for permanent weight loss
The artistic and literary movement known as Romanticism , beginning in the late 18th century , stressed " slender , ethereal " ideals , Stearns wrote .
The 1830s brought a prominent New York fashion style of a " willowy " look for young women , and there were many reports of anorexia nervosa during this time , the book said .
But for older women , plumpness remained fashionable , and women on stage were expected to be voluptuous .
The meaning of the word " diet " came to include the goal of weight loss as early as 1910 , Stearns wrote .
" Middle - class America began its ongoing battle against body fat " between 1890 and 1910 , Stearns wrote .
The main factors that contributed to this shift were the advent of fat - control devices , the rise of public conversation about fat , and changes in fashion for both men and women , he wrote .
The culture of beauty that shaped up around the turn of the last century , promoting slimness as beautiful and fatness as ugly , has intensified since then , Stearns wrote .
Despite the widespread notion of dieting , obesity has risen dramatically over the last 20 years in America , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
A recent survey by the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation and the Trust for America 's Health found that the percentage of adults classified as obese went up in 23 states in the last year .
View a map of obesity in America »
As clothing size numbers scale down in an era when bodies are getting more overweight , portion sizes have been increasing , Jampolis said .
Photographs of fast food hamburgers from 50 years ago reveal that the serving size back then would seem like a " joke portion , " now , she said .
" The same thing has happened with our body sizes .
We 're perceiving them as totally normal , " she said .
As far as vanity sizing , Nixon called it a " temporary fix " that reflects a larger problem of people looking for quick solutions for losing weight , she said .
" It does n't really deal with the root of the problem , " she said .
" It 's really a lifestyle issue .
It 's not about a temporary diet , it 's not about being pleasantly surprised because you 're a size 12 instead of a size 16 , " she said .
All About Weight Loss • Obesity
The study also found on average women will try on two outfits each morning before coming to a final decision .
And one in two women spend 15 minutes the night before work working out what to wear .
Corporate billionaire Edward Cole and working class mechanic Carter Chambers have nothing in common except for their terminal illnesses .
While sharing a hospital room together , they decide to leave it and do all the things they have ever wanted to do before they die according to their bucket list .
In the process , both of them heal each other , become unlikely friends , and ultimately find joy in life .
Written by r2k443
Barack Obama 's Treasury Department says less than $ 2 trillion has been spent so far on bailouts .
Bailouts could cost U.S. $ 23 trillion
A series of bailouts , bank rescues and other economic lifelines could end up costing the federal government as much as $ 23 trillion , the U.S. government ’s watchdog over the effort says – a staggering amount that is nearly double the nation ’s entire economic output for a year .
If the feds end up spending that amount , it could be more than the federal government has spent on any single effort in American history .
Advertisement
For the government to be on the hook for the total amount , worst - case scenarios would have to come to pass in a variety of federal programs , which is unlikely , says Neil Barofsky , the special inspector general for the government ’s financial bailout programs , in testimony prepared for delivery to the House oversight committee Tuesday .
The Treasury Department says less than $ 2 trillion has been spent so far .
Still , the enormity of the IG ’s projection underscores the size of the economic disaster that hit the nation over the past year and the unprecedented sums mobilized by the federal government under Presidents George W. Bush and Barack Obama to confront it .
In fact , $ 23 trillion is more than the total cost of all the wars the United States has ever fought , put together .
World War II , for example , cost $ 4.1 trillion in 2008 dollars , according to the Congressional Research Service .
Even the Moon landings and the New Deal did n’t come close to $ 23 trillion : the Moon shot in 1969 cost an estimated $ 237 billion in current dollars , and the entire Depression - era Roosevelt relief program came in at $ 500 billion , according to Jim Bianco of Bianco Research .
The annual gross domestic product of the United States is just over $ 14 trillion .
Treasury spokesman Andrew Williams downplayed the total amount could ever reach Barofsky ’s number .
“ The $ 23.7 trillion estimate generally includes programs at the hypothetical maximum size envisioned when they were established , ” Williams said .
“ It was never likely that all these programs would be ‘ maxed out ’ at the same time . ”
Still , the eye - popping price tag provoked an immediate reaction on Capitol Hill .
“ The potential financial commitment the American taxpayers could be responsible for is of a size and scope that is n’t even imaginable , ” said Rep. Darrell Issa ( R - Calif . ) , the ranking member of the House Oversight Committee .
“ If you spent a million dollars a day going back to the birth of Christ , that would n’t even come close to just one trillion dollars – $ 23.7 trillion is a staggering figure . ”
Congressional Democrats say they will call for Treasury to meet transparency requirements suggested by the inspector general , said a spokeswoman for the Oversight committee .
“ The American people need to know what ’s going on with their money , ” said committee spokeswoman Jenny Rosenberg .
In his prepared remarks , Barofsky writes : “ Since the onset of the financial crisis in 2007 , the Federal Government , through many agencies , has implemented dozens of programs that are broadly designed to support the economy and financial system .
The total potential Federal Government support could reach up to $ 23.7 trillion . ”
The comment comes in the context of a quarterly report to Congress by the special inspector general .
Barofsky will testify Tuesday before the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform .
The office of the special inspector general was created to serve as an auditor of the federal bailout by the same legislation that launched the TARP program itself .
Originally , TARP was intended , Barofsky writes , to facilitate “ the purchase , management , and sale of up to $ 700 billion of “ toxic ” assets , primarily troubled mortgages and mortgage - backed securities . ”
But that plan was soon rejected , and the TARP instead became a grab bag of bailout initiatives , including bailouts for GM , Chrysler and auto parts suppliers as the federal government struggled in real time to contain a spiraling economic disaster .
Barofsky reports that TARP has come to include 12 separate programs that include a total of as much as $ 3 trillion , “ including TARP funds , loans and guarantees from other agencies , and private money . ”
Of the initial $ 700 billion allocated by Congress , Barofsky found that the Treasury has so far announced how $ 643.1 billion will be spent , and it has actually spent $ 441 billion as of June 30 .
Barofsky ’s calculation of a $ 23 trillion figure took into account a wide - ranging group of federal programs set up by disparate agencies within the federal bureaucracy .
The special inspector general counted approximately 50 initiatives or programs launched since 2007 to fight the economic collapse .
The Federal Reserve , he found , has increased its balance sheet from $ 900 billion to more than $ 2 trillion , and Barofsky estimated that the total amount of support to the economy by the fed is at least $ 6.8 trillion , because it is exposed to significant losses if many of the assets guaranteed by the Fed deteriorate in value .
The FDIC , Barofsky writes , has contributed $ 2 trillion in “ new gross potential support . ”
The Federal Housing Finance Agency – “ under whose auspices fall the Government Sponsored Enterprises such as Fannie Mae [ and ] Freddie Mac , ” – has effectively provided more than $ 6 trillion in gross potential support .
Treasury itself , Barofsky concludes , has contributed nearly $ 4 trillion of potential support to the economy beyond the TARP program itself .
And Barofsky points out the at the non-TARP programs , which are far larger than the TARP itself , do not come with the strings that the high - profile TARP money itself comes with , including executive compensation , and they do n’t necessarily require congressional approval .
And beyond the ability to tally their costs , Barofsky has no authority as an auditor over the non-TARP programs .
The hearing before the House Oversight Committee will be held at 10:00 a.m. Tuesday in room 2154 Rayburn House Office Building .
Abby Phillip contributed to this story .
This article tagged under : Economy
Stimulus
Bailouts
Malaysia ’s economy , especially in the oil rich state of Sabah , is at high risk of collapsing due to the recent wave of deportations according to a Filipino diplomat who spoke with the national publication .
The Inquirer Global Nation this issue will be the major hot topic during next weeks Fifth Philippines - Malaysia Working Group Meeting on Migrant Workers .
The diplomat who choose to remain anonymous told the paper that after Malaysia ’s elections last spring , Sabah has stepped up it ’s deportation of 250 Filipinos , many of whom are migrant workers .
The head of the Philippians delegation of Migrant workers told the paper he hopes the outcome of next weeks meeting will ensure the welfare and protection of documented Filipino workers , as well as the orderly repatriation of undocumented .
AlthoughSabahresidents have chosen to be under Malaysian jurisdiction , the Philippians claims it owns Sabah on the basis of old historical agreements and documents
Those of us in the Linux community have long appreciated the many virtues of open source technology , but a rash of new interest suggests that governments are starting to wake up to the idea as well .
For example : Earlier this month , as faithful readers will remember , we noted the new mandate in Vietnam that all government computers move to Linux .
Then , late last week , news emerged that the Russian government may be planning to build a Linux - based national operating system of its own as a way of reducing its dependence on licensed foreign software .
The original report comes from CNews — in Russian — but Elektroschock kindly provided an English translation in submitting the news to Slashdot .
There , the story drew considerable interest , eliciting more than 200 comments within a few hours of its posting .
‘ It ’s Called Lenix ’
“ Is n’t their National Operating System called Communism ? ” quipped 140 Mandak262Jamuna .
“ No , it ’s called Lenix , ” retorted CrimsonScythe .
“ Lenix was a beta version , superseded by Stalix , Kruschix , etc .
These are no longer maintained but have a few die hard fanbois , ” suggested couchslug .
“ Current dominance of Putix reflects a determination to ’ embrace and extend ’ similar to that of the Stalix developers , but with much more polished marketing .
Competing distros such as Tsarix and Democratix serve niche markets . ”
Yes , well …
Ha !
‘ Obamuntu ’
Anyhoo … perhaps the biggest news on the Linux blogs in recent days was the report that Sun ’s Scott McNealy has been asked by President Obama to put together a paper on open source technologies in government .
The story was originally reported by the BBC and soon got picked up by CNet ’s Matt Asay , the 451 Group ’s Matthew Aslett and OStatic , to name just a few .
Obama has , of course , been referred to as an “ open source ” kind of leader for some time now .
But the news that in his very first week in office he ’s already begun to consider open source technologies in a serious way ?
That set Linux bloggers on fire .
Bloggers including members of the intelligence community pondered the news on Slashdot , amounting to more than 300 comments by Friday , while on Digg , the story received more than 4,500 Diggs and 600 comments within a day of being posted .
“ Questioning current systems , looking at alternative solutions and asking questions = good , ” wrote patburke1980 .
“ Obama you ’re my boy ! ”
“ Obamuntu , ” added Homerr .
And of course , the inevitable : “ Microsoft must be s*** ing bricks , ” IHaveIssues suggested .
‘ We Shall See ’
Indeed , the potential implications are sizable , to say the least , so LinuxInsider could n’t resist hitting the streets for some more opinions .
“ Open source would have many benefits for departments that need better security and cut costs , ” Montreal consultant and Slashdot blogger Gerhard Mack told LinuxInsider .
“ An executive order that would require managers at least consider open source would go a long way toward breaking management habits of going to Microsoft first . ”
Similarly : “ It is good that one of the leaders of a country has FLOSS on the radar , ” blogger Robert Pogson agreed .
“ The US military already uses GNU / Linux .
The security infrastructure already recognizes the value of FLOSS .
Now , perhaps , general purpose computing may connect . ”
Of course , “ one man cannot control the whole government in detail , ” Pogson told LinuxInsider .
“ But he can put a whole bunch of executives on the same page and change can happen .
We have seen repeatedly that M$ can squelch some grassroots initiatives by cozying up to the top guys .
We shall see . ”
‘ This Makes Me Smile ’
Not all the enthusiasm came from Obama supporters , either .
“ I ’m not a fan of most of Obama ’s politics , but this is one aspect that makes me smile , and I hope it bears fruit other than tepid committee reports and mealy - mouthed statements of intention , ” Slashdot editor Timothy Lord told LinuxInsider .
“ Tax - paid software should be seen as a uniquely extensible part of the commonwealth , because whenever the government supports open source software , even through mere use , it adds value to the same software for everyone else . ”
Of particular importance , Lord added , “ I hope that the proposed report reflects that the * data * that the government holds , which has been gathered and crystallized at the taxpayers ’ expense , should to the extent possible be accessible by means of free software .
‘ File Formats Rule the World ’
“ File formats rule the world — all documents belonging to the public should be , barring good reason , available in universally readable formats for which are available free readers , under free operating systems , ” he asserted .
For Monochrome Mentality blogger Kevin Dean , the possibility of a mandate was problematic on a philosophical level .
“ I ’m always happy to see people ask questions and learn , especially about open source ! ” Dean began .
Nevertheless , “ I ’m a bit upset that it ’s being prompted in government .
You ca n’t force people to be free , and government itself is force . ”
On an even deeper level , “ open source being used by government people is almost ironic because they are both foundationally dependent on opposing principles , ” Dean asserted .
Itchy Business
Specifically , “ open source is great because everybody who works on it does so for self - benefit , ” he explained .
“ Every developer ‘ scratches his own itch , ’ and because of this , that itch is scratched in the best possible way .
The cumulative effect is that the itches people have in common get solved quickly , effectively and cheaply . ”
Government people , on the other hand , “ are all about force , ” he added .
“ It ’s about smashing down dissent and forging down a single path , despite the interests of the various human beings affected by that .
If that path does n’t scratch your itch , too bad !
The end result of this is ineffectiveness , sloth and immense cost . ”
For the citizens of the country , the benefits of open source unfortunately “ wo n’t rub off , ” Dean predicted .
‘ Why Not ? ’
Still , most observers were encouraged by the possibilities .
“ Finally , a call to sensible views on technology , ” Slashdot blogger yagu told LinuxInsider .
“ I do n’t propose or even think appropriate that all proprietary technology be tossed aside at the expense of a functioning government , but I think many benefits are available with Open Source , ” he concluded .
“ Why not ? ”
It was originally introduced on 3/16/2009 -- and reads in total :
Federal Reserve Sunshine Act of 2009 - Repeals the authority of the Comptroller General to carry out an onsite examination of an open insured bank or bank holding company only if the appropriate federal regulatory agency has consented in writing .
( Retains the authority of the Comptroller General to audit a federal agency . )
Directs the Comptroller General to complete , before the end of 2010 , an audit of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and of the federal reserve banks , followed by a detailed report to Congress .
On July 7 , 2009 this particular bill was blocked ' illegally ' by Senator Ben Nelson and the acting President of the Senate .
At the time this happened Senator DeMint was acting to include S604 onto a series of other GOA bills that included auditing ramifications in their bills .
Senator DeMint , who has a well - deserved reputation for taking the battle to the other side in the Senate , once again proved why he is such a valuable ally in our fight to bring transparency and accountability to the Federal Reserve .
A little while ago , the Senate voted to pass HR 2918 , the Legislative Branch Appropriations Act .
This $ 3 billion bill contains , among many other things , provisions for GAO audits on certain agencies .
Seizing on a chance to take quick action to bring Audit the Fed up for a vote , and with the GAO provisions in mind , Senator DeMint attached the full text of S 604 , to HR 2918 as Senate Amendment 1367 before it was considered for final passage .
However , Senate Democrats refused to even allow a vote on the amendment .
After Senator DeMint brought Audit the Fed to the floor , Senator Ben Nelson of Nebraska raised a " point of order " to prevent a vote , claiming that the amendment violated Senate Rule 16 by " legislating " on an appropriations bill .
The Senate president agreed , and the amendment was shot down .
Senator DeMint did not back down , though , and directly challenged Senate leadership by pointing out the other GAO audits contained in the bill .
As Senator DeMint listed them off , the Senate president was forced to agree with Senator DeMint that each one he described , all of which would be left in for final passage , also violated Senate Rule 16 .
Which tells us at least one thing : the problem was n’t with " legislating " on the bill or violating Senate Rules ( which is commonly done ) .
Shooting down the amendment was about preventing a thorough audit of the Federal Reserve for the first time in its history !
If you wish to watch how the bill that Bernie Sanders has introduced into the Senate was illegally shot down please take a look at the video .
It is so blatant to anyone that there was a double standard in play here and there was no reason for S604 not to have included with the rest of the GAO appropriation auditing bills that were introduced .
There have been lengthy dairies and discussion recently about the outrage of what is going on between Goldman Sachs , Timothy Geithner ( Treasurer ) and the Federal Reserve , and indeed it is being called a ' Dictatorship ' by many economists .
The conflict of interest is staggering and blatant .
With the recent questions regarding just how Goldman Sachs has been manipulating the markets I would remind those of you in the know exactly how Goldman Sach has been able to make the record breaking profits over the past few months :
UPDATE : Several commenters add a crucial point : back in September , the Federal Reserve allowed Goldman ( and a few other surviving institutions ) to convert from an investment bank into a bank holding company .
The Wall St. Journal claimed at the time that the move meant the firm would " come under the close supervision of national bank regulators , subjecting them to new capital requirements , additional oversight , and far less profitability than they have historically enjoyed . "
A mere nine months later , Goldman boasts of " blowout profits . "
So much for " less profitability . "
As for allegedly greater regulations and capital restrictions , they freely admitted from the start : " ' We do n't believe we 'll have to get out of any businesses , ' says Lucas van Praag , a Goldman spokesman .
Adds Morgan Stanley 's Mark Lake , ' There will not be much in terms of divestitures ' . "
But what the conversion did allow was access to lending from the Federal Reserve .
Since then , the Fed has increased its balance sheet by $ 2 trillion while steadfastly refusing to disclose the beneficiaries of that credit .
Thus , even aside from the bailout money it directly received and the billions in bailout money which it indirectly received ( through AIG ) , Goldman has had access to massive amounts of Fed lending in order to fuel its bulging profits .
That unimaginably enormous ( though entirely secret ) lending is , in part , what is behind the Ron Paul - sponsored bill to audit the Fed -- a bill that is now co-sponsored by a majority of House members from across the political spectrum ( progressive , conservative and everything in between ) , yet which continues to be blocked by Congressional leaders from receiving a floor vote .
http://www.salon.com/...
My question is why would our own party , the Democrats in the Senate block a bill such as S604 to Audit the Federal Reserve ?
It would of course seem in our best interests as a nation to be able to find out exactly where our tax dollars have gone and exactly how much has been spent , loaned out , to whom and of course , what we have left , and what we owe .
Ben Bernanke has continually refused to answer the questions that have been asked of him during the past year regarding the estimated 12.5 trillion dollars that ' have gone missing . '
As it stands , neither can Congress seem to get a straight answer out of Treasurer Geithner on the TARP funds :
Congress is getting tired of asking nicely .
Twenty House and Senate Democrats sent a letter to Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner in May asking if he intended to implement the recommendations of bailout auditors .
They never heard back .
If there 's one thing that gets under the congressional skin , it 's being ignored .
So they 're responding with an attempt to make it a legal requirement for Geithner to either accept the reform and oversight recommendations or explain to Congress why he wo n't .
The move represents an escalation in the tussle over the bailout between the White House and Democrats in Congress , and it 's likely to pass .
Later this week , the full House will vote on whether to give Geithner a deadline written into the law to respond to its request .
The mandate passed the Appropriations Committee last week .
The first legally required report would be due Sept. 1 , 2009 , with quarterly reports to follow .
Geithner is required to respond to auditors ' recommendations under current law , but there is no deadline to do so .
Geithner neither replied to the May letter , nor has he responded to the recommendations of the Government Accountability Office ( GAO ) or the Special Inspector General for the Temporary Asset Relief Program ( SIGTARP ) .
Neither the United States Treasurer nor the President of the United States has the legal right to keep from the Congress which represents the people of our nation an accounting of the taxpayers money .
It is illegal .
The companion bill in the house to audit the Federal Reserve is RS 1207 .
This bill was introduced by Congressman Ron Paul .
Today over 55 percent of the house have signed on as sponsors or co-sponsors of the bill .
Once again , I do not view these two bills as a partisan matter , and I would appreciate it if we could stick to the ' issue at hand ' and possibly refrain from taking this diary into the kind of flame throwing ' Ron Paul Person ' bullshit that sometimes goes on here .
I volunteered for President Obama and worked 30 hours a week for him for 6 months prior to his election , and I still support President Obama .
However , what I do see happening in our nation between the Federal Reserve , the Treasurer and Goldman Sachs is utter chaos and corruption hiding under a cloud of secrecy that should not be allowed to stand any longer .
Most people do not realize that we as a nation pay the Federal Reserve over 800 billion dollars in interest every year .
Do n't you think we deserve some answers for that little piece of the pie they are getting ?
The outrage that we all feel towards Wall Street and Goldman Sachs is just the tip of the iceberg .
The real question is who is ' feeding ' the beast ?
The real question is the underlying systemic breakdown of our debt ridden financial system that no longer works and is riddled with special interests and ruthless secretive players who are now standing in the halls of the Senate , like Senator Ben Nelson who purposely blocked S604 that would shine the sunlight on the Federal Reserve and give a through and transparent house cleaning that is long overdue .
At one time in our history the Federal Reserve was charged with maintaining an independent stature so that it would not become the highly compromised organization that it is today .
Today the Federal Reserve works solely for the benefit of the Wall Street Banksta Ganstas , and undermines the public interest .
" Long - time followers of our work will know that our research suggests that today 's grave monetary and economic problems are largely attributable to actions taken since the founding of the Federal Reserve System .
We also have declared many times that leading private bankers have used their great influence with central bankers and politicians to obtain adoption of monetary policies and banking laws that were in the bankers ' immediate interest but against the long - run public interest and that of the bankers , too . "
- American Institute for Economic Research
Why did Senator Nelson and the Senate President illegally block this bill in the hearing ?
What are they so afraid of that we will all learn ?
What are they hiding behind our backs that is so terrible that we , the very people who are paying their salaries cannot see ?
I urge each of you to support Senator Sanders in his S604 bill and also HR 1207 to audit the Federal Reserve and to call your representatives to support those bills in the Senate and House , respectively .
It is our country , it is our government , it is our MONEY .
UPDATE : Thanks so much for recommending this diary .
Although this is a controversial issue , it is also one that needs as much debate and discussion as possible .
Our financial system is broken , and there is a huge power grab going on within our regulatory commissions .
The Obama Administration is pushing for the Federal Reserve to gain even more power as the single - super - regulatory power .
This would be a huge mistake in my humble opinion .
What is needed is the courage that FDR shown to tear down that wall that is protecting Wall Street / The Federal Reserve to implement new strict regulations with conflict of interests addressed to protect Americans from losing their homes and retirement accounts , such as happened this past few years .
We cannot keep going the same old ways .
Wayne county prosecutor Kym Worthy has told commissioners that proposed budget cuts wo n't allow the her office to prosecute low - priority crimes like breaking and entering .
" We can't even cover our courtrooms anymore .
At some point , if the budget continues to be cut , we 're going to have to start making decisions about what crimes we prosecute , " Worthy said .
The county is facing a $ 105 - million deficit in its 2009 - 10 budget .
This might not be so bad .
There is almost nothing worth breaking into or stealing in Detroit anyway .
Have you ever visited Cambodia ?
If you not yet visited , Please enjoy Cambodia tour with video below or spend some days to visit the Kingdom of Wonder , Thanks !
1. First video : Discover Cambodia today !
Meet the people and learn about the culture and history of Cambodia !
In this video we will take you to the old Khmer city " Phnom Da " by boat and join the Khmer religion ceremony ...
2. Second video :
3 . Third video :
4. Fourth video :
Visit the palace that built during the French 's and take a Cambodian Express Train ..stop by at the Beer Garden and Enjoy Khmer Karaoke and dance ..
By the way you will explore Sihanouk ville ... Visit the Killing Fields and S - 21 Khmer Rouge torture chamber .
Explore the central markets " Phsar Thmei and taste the food there " cricket and many more ... visit the Royal Palace by riding a motodup ... Take a boat trip to Siem Reap Angkor and explore Tonlesap river and the floating houses ...
Try Khmer palm wine with fry daddy and baby frogs ... finally you will see the most beautiful Angkor Wat ...
It can be devastating for a person to find out that he or she has a disease that will change his life forever and one which will no longer make him capable of doing his usual routine .
This is what multiple sclerosis can do to anybody but thanks to a Danish musician , information about this disease and its effects are being spread across the United States .
Rupert Dale , a resident of Odense , Denmark is now on doing a U.S. tour to raise awareness about multiple sclerosis .
What makes his campaign very unique is that he ’s doing it on a bike and performing music to people during his 60 - day transcontinental journey in the United States .
Dale is only out to spread the word and does not even collect donations when he performs in restaurants , cafes and bars .
He plays his favorite folk music such as those of Woody Guthrie , Bob Dylan and his very own original compositions using his guitar .
Dale is a teacher and musician in Odense , Denmark .
It was last year when he made a decision to start the campaign .
This was after he learned from a good friend who used to play the double bass but who could no longer do so because of multiple sclerosis .
Dale felt very bad for his friend for not being able to do what he loves to do due to his condition .
Rupert Dale had a send - off concert in Odense , Denmark notably at the school where he teahers music , English , sports and woodworking .
Each day , he bikes 70 to 90 miles and he targets to end his campaign in San Francisco .
He constantly communicates with his wife and daughter back in Odense , Denmark through SMS and his blogs .
This great Dane says he ’s doing this journey for a worthy cause describing it as an investment in life .
For him , taking the time to spread the message about MS to people is a very important trip .
Buffett : The Making of an American Capitalist
In his latest newsletter , Mr. Mauldin explains how the official unemployment numbers are flawed .
The problem lies in adjustments which attempt to correct for jobs that are n’t tracked well by current methods :
Last month saw the number of unemployed rise by 345,000 .
What was not in the headline data was that 217,000 of those jobs were estimated from the “ birth - death ” ratio .
The US economy creates new businesses that do not get counted in the data , so the BLS estimates what that number is , using previous data patterns .
When the economy turns , it overestimates new jobs in recessions and underestimates them in recoveries .
No conspiracy , it is just the best methodology we currently have .
But does anyone really think 200,000 jobs were created last month ?
The real number of lost jobs is worse than the headline .
And next month the birth - death number will likely be over 200,000 again .
Add another 100,000 or so to the headline number to get closer to reality .
Mauldin ends the newsletter by stomping out some Green Shoots .
Yes , I hate this overused term as much as any self - respecting bear .
But as long as Kudlow and his ilk keep using it , we bears need to provide counterarguments using the same silly terminology .
Goldilocks Economy ?
Really ?
On to Mauldin ’s take :
Again , analysts talked about a turnaround because job losses were “ just ” 345,000 .
That is a higher number than any month in the 2001 - 02 recession , and larger than the month after 9/11 .
That is a green shoot ?
Yes , we will see the monthly unemployment numbers fall , but they are falling from historic highs .
While the rate of decline is decreasing ( oh so slightly ) , it is only doing so because of drastic government actions .
Taxpayers , foreigners , and future generations are footing the bill .
Even if citizens realize what ’s going on , digital - printing will likely continue .
Entrenched powers view inflation as the least - evil outcome , and so do a majority of Americans .
Those with lots of leveraged assets are praying for big inflation ( REITs , for example ) .
If you do n’t already subscribe to Thoughts from the Frontline , I highly recommend it .
It ’s free , and is the only way to get his entire post .
The site only has excerpts from each letter .
As a kid growing up in the eighties there was no shortage of good cartoons that depicted good and evil .
The main ones to me were G.I. Joe and Transformers .
Both will become blockbuster movies this summer , one of which Transformers : Revenge of the Fallen opens tonight , June 23rd .
There was also another battle of good and evil that still takes place today , and that is between the New York Yankees and the Boston Red Sox .
Looking between these rivalries one can see many similarities in the characters involved .
In my mind the Autobots are the Yankees , and Decepticons are the Red Sox .
The characters on both side are n’t so clear cut thou .
Here are the characters in tonight ’s movie and the athletes that play them .
Optimus Prime played by Mariano Rivera .
I could ’ve gone either way here , using Rivera or Jeter .
I eventually went with Mo because he is the protector .
Without him saving 497 games over the past decade the Yankees would have not been so successful .
I chose Mo because the movie incarnation of Optimus Prime , is trying to protect the All Spark from Megatron .
The other reason is Mo is a battler .
He can be knocked down and beat up but get back up to fight again .
Just like Prime , when he gets back up he ’s even stronger then before .
Megatron played by David Ortiz .
This one ’s pretty obvious .
Big Papi even in a down year is the biggest weapon the Red Sox have .
He ’s their leader on and off the field .
Just like
Mo they would n’t be where they ’ve been without him .
Papi has provided countless big time blasts for the Sox and what ’s Megatron known for ?
The shots from his cannon .
Another thing that makes these two the perfect match is their knowledge of their opponent , and that knowledge brings out their best .
Ortiz has struggled mightily this year , only 6 homeruns but 2 of those have come against the Yankees .
The thought of facing Mariano and the Yankees gets him focused and brings out his best .
Starscream played by Alex Rodriguez .
A - Rod is the main reason why I could n’t just go Yankees as Autobots and Red Sox as Decepticons .
His persona fits the Starscream billing perfectly .
Starscream has always been a character with an ego , one that looks down upon others , even those that are superior .
He even tried to betray his leader , Megatron so many teams that he was eventually exiled from the Decepticons .
Well let ’s look at A - Rod .
He ’s got the ego , there ’s no doubt about that .
Yankee fans have also always debated whether he is a Yankee or not due to his constant failures in big games ( specifically against the BoSox ) and the postseason .
Those failures actually make me think of one thing , and that ’s one of Megatron ’s most popular lines .
“ You ’ve failed me yet again Starscream . ”
Do n’t us Yankee fans consistently say “ You ’ve failed us yet again A - Rod ” ??
Sam Witwicky played by Derek Jeter .
He ’s the only human character I ’m listing here .
Over the past decade Jeter has been in the lead role of this rivalry , much like Sam is the lead in the movie .
He ’s the guy that Yankee fans want to come through the most , and the guy the Red Sox fans want to see fail the most .
( Even more then A - Rod ) .
On top of that he gets the hottest girls and what did Sam get ?
Megan
Fox the hottest person in the movie , a girl that might be the only one in Hollywood that Jeter has n’t dated .
The Fallen played by Terry Francona .
The Fallen is one of the ancient Transformers .
Those ancients ’ roles were to roam the galaxy and find planets that they could use to harvest Energon , the life blood of the Transformers .
These ancients can only be killed by descendants of the Primes , i.e. Optimus Prime .
And you know what the only way the Red Sox and the run of Terry Francona to be killed is for Mariano Rivera to close the door on them .
Bumblebee played by Dustin Pedroia .
Bumbleebee has always been one of the smaller , weaker members of the Autobots .
With that being said he ’s one of the most valuable members of the team .
He ’s very efficient at what he does .
He ’s scrappy and will always put up a good fight .
This is a lot like the reigning American League MVP , Pedroia .
The guy is not the biggest and definitely not the strongest but he sure as hell is a fighter .
Devastator played by the Boston Red Sox .
Devastator is a massive Decepticon formed by five others .
The five that form him are n’t the strongest , are n’t the best but they ’re role players who do what they have to .
But when they come together they become an almost unstoppable force .
That is why I picked the Red Sox as a whole to play them , five players in particular
Mixmaster – Mike Lowell
Rampage – JD Drew
Long Haul – Tim Wakefield
Scavenger – Nick Green
Scrapper – Jacoby Ellsbury .
Five guys who are productive but not the flashy starts .
But five guys that make the Sox who they are .
Five guys who have the Red Sox where they are today , on top of the American League East standings .
Ironhide played by Jorge Posada .
Ironhide is the weapons specialist for Optimus Prime , he ’s also his oldest friend .
So would n’t that make Posada the perfect player to play that role ?
He ’s been paired with Rivera for years , since 1997 .
The two know each other better than any other Yankee probably does ( minus Jete of course ) .
Soundwave played by Jason Varitek .
In Revenge of the Fallen , Soundwave is pretty much the one who calls the shots .
He directs people where they need to go and puts them in a position to get the job done .
Varitek is the same for the Sox .
He calls the pitchers and he ’s the one the pitchers rely on .
He puts them in a position to succeed and its on them to execute .
Blackout played by Kevin Youkilis .
Blackout is extremely loyal to Megatron and what surprise Youkilis is extremely loyal to the Sox and his teammates .
In the 2007 , he was one of the ones to rally the Decepticons at Hoover Dam .
Youkilis is one of the keys to any Sox rally .
Without him the comebacks normally do n’t exist .
Ratchet played by Andy Pettitte .
Ratchet is the chief medic for the Autobots , which means he can fix just about anything .
He ’s got numerous tools at his exposure , much like Andy .
Originally Andy was a two tool guy , a devastating cutter and a pick off move out of this world .
As he ’s aged he ’s developed more tools to add to his arsenal .
All of these tools make him a formidable foe for any opponent .
Barricade played by Josh Beckett .
Barricade is a hunter in the movie edition of Transformers .
He ’s a powerful Decepticon who does n’t take any failures lightly .
Beckett is much the same way , if he makes any mistakes on the mound he gets very frustrated , he ’s got a great sense of pride out there .
He ’s also been known as somewhat of a head hunter for his propensity to throw the brush back pitch when it ’s called for .
Frenzy played by Dice - K. Frenzy is a small irreplaceable Decepticon .
He can get in to just about anywhere and get any information they may need .
He also takes a beating and keeps on ticking .
Dice - K is much the same way .
He ’s been known to give up the hits and walk many but always works his way out of the jam .
Frenzy also speaks Cybertronian and does it so fast it sounds like gibberish .
Well Dice is from Japan and to many his language sounds like gibberish as well .
There are many other characters in Revenge of the Fallen who play a vital role in the success of the Autobots and Decepticons .
These guys also compare to other Red Sox and Yankee players .
For the remaining characters , I ’m just going to list them out .
Bone Crusher – Jonathan Papelbon
Jetfire – Joba Chamberlain
Sideswipe – AJ Burnett
Wheelie – Johnny Damon
Jolt – Brett Gardner
Mudflap – Mark Teixeira
Skids – Robinson Cano
Sideways – Hideki Matsui
Demolisher – Jason Bay .
So once again the battle of good verse evil rages on in tonight ’s opening of Transformers : Revenge of the Fallen .
Just as the battle of good verse evil rages on this baseball season .
There ’s sure to be surprises along the way in both and we ’ll all enjoy watching them take place .
Who do you think the characters of the movie correspond with ?
Let me know .
If there are any characters that show up in the movie that are n’t mentioned here , link them to a player .
But for now I have just one think to say
Autobots Roll Out !
Sixty years after the demise of Prince Edmund Plantagenet , Queen Elizabeth I , who 's as insane as her ancestors , is England 's current leader .
Seductive , easy - to - impress , spoiled , and always seeking a husband , " Queenie " has a leading courtier : Lord Edmund Blackaddder , great - grandson of the original .
Now , however , he is dryly cynical and intelligent , but still trying to become king ; this time by marrying the queen .
However , her right - hand - man , Lord Melchett , will always serve as fair competition for her hand .
Blackadder is again assisted by the clueless but fashionable Lord Percy Percy and dung - eating , " cunning " peasant Baldrick .
Written by Bloggers !
I have now been in contact with roughly 25 - 30 companies over the last 10 or so hours .
Most of them say they will take 48 or so hours to respond , so , for the most part , I have been completely ignored .
First , although the list on the recommended diary ( which everyone should have read at this point and i am having profound trouble linking to ) is good , a much more exhaustive list can be found here -
http://foxnewsboycott.com/
These , generally speaking , have been my tactics -
If on the phone :
1 - ask to speak to someone in the advertising department ( if you start with customer service , they will either feed you a line , or just transfer you anyway )
2- when they get on the phone , i ask them if they agree with the statement made on glenn beck 's show ( which i read verbatim )
3 - when they say no , i ask them why they are funding a network that broadcasts hateful and disgusting things like this .
Then i let them know that , unless they take action , they are going to face a growing boycott i wo n't stop at fanning the flames of .
An important thing to note : MAKE SURE YOU ARE ALWAYS NICE !!
Please try and remember that the people you are talking to are hired to act as middlemen between you and the people actually deserving of your indignity .
If via on site , or standard , email :
I just wanted to let you know that after what was maliciously and horribly stated on Glenn Beck 's Program yesterday ( 6/30/09 ) , I ( and the rest of my family , as well as several friends I have talked to ) will not buy ANY of your product / services ( or product from any parent companies ) until you cease your advertising on fox news .
In case you were n't aware , this is a direct quote from yesterday : " the only chance we have as a country right now is for Osama bin Laden to deploy and detonate a major weapon in the United States .
Because it 's going to take a grassroots , bottom - up pressure , because these politicians prize their office , prize the praise of the media and the Europeans .
Only -- it 's an absurd situation .
Again , only Osama can execute an attack which will force Americans to demand that their government protect them effectively , consistently , and with as much violence as necessary . " there has been NO rebuke , and no apology from ANYONE at or related to fox news for one of the most horrifying things i have ever heard someone say on TV ( especially as a native NYer who lost 2 close friends on 9/11 ) your support of fox news is absolutely unacceptable , and , as such , you will lose out on my business until you make it right .
( we all lost people on 9/11 , as new yorkers , and we can't even stomach a company that would pay a network money to advocate murdering american citizens with a weapon of mass destruction for the advancement of political goals ) have a good day sincerely ,
< my name >
-----
One of the things I am most curious about ( and something I hope many of you , my friends , will comment on ) is whether or not these responses I get are just cookie - cutter - copy - paste jobs , or if they are actually responding , thoughtfully , to my concerns .
I am about 99 % convinced it is the former , but I try to remain generally optimistic .
-----
Companies I Am Waiting to Hear From :
Best Buy
Travelocity
Ditech ( my email was forwarded to the Marketing Department for consideration )
Wachovia
Pillsbury / General Mills
Travelocity
Remax
ProtectmyID.com
Office Depot
American Express
Franklin- Templeton Investments
Chattem Chemicals / Capzasin
Yahoo !
UBS
Tyson Foods
Target
Subaru
State Farm Insurance
Splenda / Johnson and Johnson
One a Day / Bayer
WebMD
Terminix
Rosetta Stone
1-800 - Pet-Meds
IAMS
AT&T
CDW
Centrum
Comcast - I called them and the told me to call corporate at 215-665- 1700 , where someone transferred me to an answering machine of someone yet to get back to me .
Hertz
Lowes
Holiday Inn Express
Adobe
American Standard Companies Inc .
Dannon
------
Companies That Have Responded Inadequately :
GM - I got an email back telling me they do n't personally respond to customer inquiries .
Orbitz -
They sent me an email telling me -
We value your feedback and sincerely appreciate your taking the time to write to us .
It is very disappointing to learn of the situation you encountered and sincerely apologize for any inconvenience you have experienced .
Due to the detailed nature of this question , I must ask you to call Orbitz Customer Service at ( 888 ) 656-4546 from the US and ( 312 ) 416-0018 from outside the US .
Our Customer Service Agents will be happy to answer all your questions .
After calling the number , I was told that I was put on hold for 5 minutes while they tried to find the number of someone relevant I actually could talk to .
I was told to send an email to kit simon -- partner.marketing@orbitz.com -- and have yet to hear back
Progressive Insurance -
They sent me an email as well -
Thank you for taking the time to let us know how you feel about the network on which our television advertising appears .
We take customer feedback seriously , and we regret that you found our choice of networks objectionable .
Certainly , it ’s never our intention to advertise on networks that our customers and potential customers find offensive .
We make every effort to ensure that our message is broadly appealing and appropriately delivered , and we ’re disappointed to have fallen short of that goal in your judgment .
Please know that we have passed your thoughts on to our advertising department for their review and consideration .
I am waiting for the advertising department to contact me ( although I see no indication this will happen , or real faith anything was passed along to anyone )
Priceline - Very similar to the previous response :
Thank you for taking the time to send us an e-mail .
We understand that
you would like us to stop our advertising on fox news .
We are always working to improve our service and appreciate that you
have taken the time to share your feedback regarding our advertisements .
We take your comments seriously and have forwarded them on to our
Marketing team for review .
We thank you for the opportunity to assist you and hope you find this
information helpful .
I am , again , waiting for a response from marketing , though I think I reached the end of my road .
-----
Companies That Have Gotten A Response Back To Their Response :
Crest ( and all subsidiary P&G companies ) --
I recieved an email back from P&G relatively quickly .
They wrote the following :
We appreciate your taking the time to let us know how you feel .
We hope you understand the preparation of news programs is handled entirely by the staff of the television network , and the selection of program content is based solely on their judgment .
Advertisers are n't given the opportunity to review news programs in advance .
And the appearance of our ads on such shows indicates neither our approval nor our disapproval of the content .
Still , comments like yours help us determine the placement of our future ads , and I 'm sharing your comments with the appropriate people in our Company .
Thanks again for getting in touch !
My response was the following ( and i am still waiting for another response back ) :
Thank you for your timely response .
However , you must think i am stupid ( or else , i have never taken any sort of rudimentary advertising / economics course ) .
Unfortunately , a non-response meant to brush my concerns over is n't sufficient when someone you pay advocates terrorism against the US in order to forward a political agenda .
Additionally , I find your response to be incredibly patronizing .
Everything after ' We hope you understand ...' has absolutely nothing to do with what my original email was about , and is a very poor attempt to divert away from the issue at hand .
Yes , i DO understand how television works .
Do you ??
Do you happen to know how these networks are funded ??
it 's not by me , it 's not by the government .
We hope you understand -- it 's by YOU - companies that PAY THEM in order to run advertising .
it 's not like
Fox news randomly picked your company out of a hat , and is doing you a service by running ads for you on their network .
YOU have chosen that they DESERVE YOUR MONEY .
if they did n't have advertising revenue from your company , et al , they would n't be in business ( or else they'd be forced to markedly change their business model ) .
So , as nice as it is that you can SAY you are n't complicit , the FACT is you are FUNDING THEM to make that kind of insidious and disgusting comment that trivializes not only the sacrifices of our troops , but of the valiant men and women that lost their lives on 9/11 .
AS OF RIGHT NOW , you find it PERFECTLY FINE that they said this .
Additionally , AS OF RIGHT NOW , you will CONTINUE to give them money so that they can advocate this type of horrifying , violent action against innocent citizens of this country .
AS OF RIGHT NOW , you are COMPLICIT in this statement because your MONEY made it possible for them to broadcast it .
please do n't play ignorant or stupid with me .
and please do n't assume i am either of those two .
Saying you purchased the time and are n't responsible for the content of the program and / or network is greedy , callous , and TREMENDOUSLY irresponsible ..
It also demonstrates a fundamental misunderstanding of how television , advertising , and the media work as a whole .
My request was n't that you go back in time and prevent yourself from funding fox news last night ( as if i thought you paid minutes before an ad aired , - or , better yet , that they check what they say with all advertisers ) .
My request was that THIS SPECIFIC INCIDENT should be MORE THAN ENOUGH to stop FUTURE funding .
i am a distraught and disgusted and no longer want anything to do with your company , unless you do SOMETHING more than feed me BS .
thank you again ,
Nextel --
This is the one that really got my goat , so to speak .
If it was n't for Sprint / Nextel 's response , I would not have written this diary .
Thank you for contacting Sprint regarding the advertisement .
It is our policy at Sprint to make advertising decisions based on the
demographics of the audience and not on the nature of the associated
event or media broadcast , provided it does not promote racist , sexist or
other offensive views .
Our goal is to reach our current and prospective
customers through this venue ; our advertising is not an endorsement for
or against any particular cause , candidate or political viewpoint .
While we understand your disappointment in the advertising placement , we
would like to suggest you contact the event organizers , broadcast
network or political party directly to express your concerns .
Your
feedback is important and we appreciate you taking the time to contact
us .
Thank you again for contacting Sprint .
Have a great day .
My response was based on the P&G template , but I added a lot , including -
What you essentially just said is " we choose based on demographics , unless the CONTENT OF THE BROADCAST IS OBJECTIONABLE " What this implies is that advocating a major weapon to go off in the US , killing possibly thousands of innocent civilians , is NOT objectionable ???
it 's not one of the " other offensive views " you consider removing advertising for ?
are you serious ?
I think it is especially disgusting that you think that a network that promotes terrorism is not worth doing anything about , but if they said something sexist or racist you 'd pull out ( a hilarious ridiculous claim , given the history of bill o'reilly - but that 's neither here nor there ) .
also , saying you " just advertise along demographic lines " is an absolute copout .
MSNBC and CNN are both equal to or greater than foxnews when it comes to the 18 - 55 demo .
Yes , i can do research on the internet .
Foxnews ' demo is 55 + , which , by the way , is NOT your target demo .
the wide majority of nextel / sprint users are 18 - 35 , and laborers .
not old retirees .
that was particularly ridiculous , by the way .
perhaps you should pass this along to someone more suited for responding .
This response just made my original problem and outrage worse .
Additionally -
First of all , I have contacted the appropriate broadcast network .
Second of all , thank you for giving me so much respect that you copy and paste a form email response to me .
You really can't get any better than " event organizers , broadcast network , or political party . " it does n't take that long to erase the other two options .
Third ,
As I stated earlier , YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR FUNDING THE BROADCAST NETWORK .
it is because of YOUR MONEY that they , yesterday , got to go on the air and advocate a terrorist attack on the US in order for a political gain .
Walmart -
This was , probably , one of the most head scratching responses I have ever gotten to any email :
Thank you for your inquiry .
At Walmart , we believe the time for comprehensive health care reform is now .
The present system is not sustainable and the status quo is not an option .
We also believe in shared responsibility and support an employer mandate that is broad and fair .
That mandate must be accompanied by strong efficiency provisions that will reduce health costs and dramatically improve the value we get for our health care dollar .
The bill should contain ' trigger ' provisions which guarantee that promised savings take place both for the federal government and for employers who provide insurance .
We applaud the bipartisan efforts in Congress to craft and pass legislation .
Again , thank you for contacting us with your concerns .
For any additional information , we would suggest visiting our website at www.walmartstores.com.
I responded by thanking them for taking on a progressive cause that will help the US , but that I would appreciate them not just trying to quell me by sending me a pro-Democratic policy email , and that I would like some kind of real response ( that I am still waiting for ) .
----
Companies that have responded Twice :
Toyota - Toyota 's response was almost the same as P& G's :
Thank you for contacting Toyota Motor Sales , U.S.A. , Inc. Toyota is sensitive to the opinions of our customers , and we respect your position on this issue .
We have documented your comments accordingly .
Please be aware that Toyota advertising is not intended as a statement either for , or against the subject matter presented in a program .
Toyota selects and purchases advertising airtime contracts directly from various networks months prior to an actual broadcast .
Toyota does not know in advance the topic or the guests that may appear on such programs .
Hence , a Toyota commercial aired during specific programming does not constitute agreement with the program 's content .
Your email has been documented at our National Headquarters and is available for management review .
If we can be of further assistance , please click on the following link , http://www.toyota.com/... to contact us .
My response to Toyota was almost identical to my response to P&G , so I will omit it .
My second response from Toyota was the following :
We apologize for your dissatisfaction with our previous response .
We understand your time is valuable and appreciate the time you have taken to share your additional comment .
It is through correspondence such as yours that we become aware of the reactions and expectations of our customers .
Please be assured that your comments have been documented at our national headquarters .
Again , please accept our sincere thanks for taking the time and trouble to let us know .
I feel like they are just trying to placate me , and there is nothing else I personally can do .
SO YOU ALL NEED TO DO SOMETHING !!!!!!
This is a call to action , Kossacks and lurkers alike .
If you do n't have 10 hours a day to email these companies , then pick 5 - 10 companies a day and send them the message !!
Nothing will be achieved unless we act , en masse , to put an end to this horrifying trend on faux news .
I 'm sorry my first diary is so long , and I 'm sorry I hate capitalization .
I am just trying to give everyone a good jumping off point , and , hopefully , a sense of how to respond ( feel free to quote me directly ) !
Thank you all for reading , and I appreciate and help and advice you have to give !
now let 's get something done !!
--
UPDATE --
day two of this diary is up
please go and keep sharing !!!!
Fox 19 : Battling diabetes on a budget in the midst of a pandemic
About 34 million Americans are diagnosed with diabetes .
It is the seventh leading cause of death in our nation .
Individuals with uncontrolled diabetes are among the groups most at risk of experiencing severe reactions to COVID - 19 .
The pandemic has forced businesses to close or lay off employees impacting the ability of families to make their incomes cover housing , food and medicine .
How can families continue to make healthy options when some are limited to shopping at a nearby dollar store ?
1 July 2009 : A look at all the new home and away kits unveiled so far for the 2009 / 10 Premier League season
cryptogon.com news – analysis – conspiracies
June 28th , 2009
UPDATE : Vitamin D ?
I told Becky about the “ ringing ears ” chart , and when the waves peaked .
She said , “ Maybe it ’s related to Vitamin D. ” Indeed , the searches peak around the nadir of Vitamin D availability in the Northern Hemisphere .
— End Update —
I ’m developing some tools on another website — partially to help me keep track of information in a more effective manner — and I started messing around with Google Trends .
I was punching in various queries , just to have a fiddle around .
Then the phone rang .
Becky answered it .
I typed in ringing phone .
Then ringing bell .
Then ringing ears .
I have no idea what I was looking for , but look at this chart for ringing ears :
Is that weird ?
Most of these charts look like a noise floor , with occasional news driven spikes .
I looked at tinnitus , the clinical term for “ ringing in the ears ” and when I combined the chart from that with the one above , there ’s a general correlation , as one would expect .
( CSV datasets from all of these queries may be downloaded if you want to perform actual correlation calculations instead of just eyeballing it with the boneheaded charts Google is using . )
Next , I tried one with obvious seasonal correlates : gardening .
That chart looks exactly as one would expect .
Hay fever works the same way .
Are there seasonal correlates to tinnitus ?
I did n’t think so , but I ’m definitely no expert .
It seems to spike around the end of the year .
Maybe it ’s from listing to that Christmas music in China Mart .
What other queries describe sine waves , but without apparent seasonal or other correlates ?
Posted in Technology Top Of Page
Tags
Energy is like a river ; it exists in two ways : flows and stores .
When you store energy , you create a dam to capture it .
What environmentalists call " renewable energy " is really just the stored energy of the sun .
In actuality , there 's no such thing as " renewable energy " : all energy , even the sun , is limited .
Fossil fuels are energy stores as well — specifically , they are stored solar energy , a process that takes millions of years — and they are highly concentrated , ten times more so than , for instance , wood .
In terms of wind and raw solar energy , the flow is exceptionally diluted : solar is ten to fifty times less concentrated than fossil fuel .
When you can't concentrate it , then the only way to harvest it is to use more and more land .
That 's the limiting factor for both sun and wind energy .
T. Boone Pickens 's now - infamous plan would require 1,200 square miles for a single power plant .
Compare that to nuclear , which would require only one square mile .
Coal is extraordinarily abundant — we 'll never run out — and pound - for - pound contains twice as much energy as wood .
Coal is a concentrated storehouse of energy .
Octane molecules in gasoline , however , are even more concentrated .
In fact , they 're the densest store of carbon energy we 've ever discovered .
Pound - for - pound , gas possesses four times as much energy as coal .
There 's a popular misconception today that gasoline is inefficient and wasteful .
Nothing could be more inaccurate .
Gas molecules are not only by far the densest form of carbon energy we 've ever discovered ; they 're also easy to transfer because they 're fluid .
These are two of the greatest reasons we 've adopted gasoline .
Nuclear , on the other hand , is something else entirely .
The public has n't even begun to grasp nuclear energy .
These are the facts :
A handful of uranium contains more energy than 100 boxcars full of coal .
Consumption of energy creates more energy , not less .
Despite years of government subsidies ( regulators , for instance , have forced utility companies to buy " renewables " ) , these same renewables generate only about 0.9 percent of our total electricity .
The most efficient solar panels currently in use ( on the space station ) are costly , and their conversion efficiency is about twenty percent , which is not very much .
Twelve miles of solar reflectors generate about 300 megawatts , a miniscule amount .
Furthermore , those reflectors must be kept squeaky clean , maintained to the hilt , or they wo n't work .
At our current level of technology , no conceivable mix of solar , wind , or wave can meet even half the demand for energy .
If , however , wind , wave , and solar are to become more efficient , it is only science and technology — as opposed to environmentalism 's plan of blasting us back into the Dark Ages — that will get them there .
We begin to know about a resource only when we begin to use it .
Knowing about that resource includes a cursory calculation of its quantity .
The more we use of it , therefore , the better we become at finding it and calculating its quantity , extracting it and refining it .
Thus , the more we use of a resource , the more of it we 're able to find .
This may sound counterintuitive , but only at first : then you glimpse its awesome logic .
The entire history of resource use and extraction has followed this pattern without deviation .
Boone Pickens is calling for massive subsidization of the wind - power industry .
As with ethanol and recycling and a host of other issues , you must ask yourself again , if these things are so efficient , why do they need to be subsidized ?
Answer : they 're not so efficient .
Energies that require massive subsidization benefit absolutely no one ; the only reason they need to be subsidized is that they cannot compete on the open market .
That fact alone tells you everything you need to know about them : they 're simply not good enough yet .
When they are , the free market will adopt them naturally .
The reason wind power still wo n't get us very far is that transmitting this power is such a huge difficulty .
Wind is also unpredictable ; it 's therefore hard to integrate into an electrical grid , since grids have to maintain a voltage balance , or you 'll get brownouts , blackouts , and power surges that destroy equipment by the ton .
The " grid , " incidentally , refers to the entire energy infrastructure .
It even includes the electrical wires that go into your house .
Grid operators spend their whole lives trying to balance supply and demand on the grid .
Energy demand changes all throughout the day , all throughout the year .
In summer , for instance , demand is higher .
Late at night , demand is lower .
Grid operators balance all this .
Factor in the wind , which you cannot predict more than , at most , five hours in advance , and try pulling all that wind power into a grid , and you 'll begin to see how impossible the task is .
Wind needs constant backup .
" Spinning reserve " on an electrical grid refers to the amount of backup power that is sitting there , waiting to go at a moment 's notice in case something goes wrong .
In general , twenty percent extra power is the standard spinning reserve on the grid .
Wind can indeed supplement a grid with this needed twenty percent spinning reserve , but it can not come close to replacing fossil fuel .
Here 's what you do n't see in the fine print :
The vast majority of wind energy needs to be transmitted .
Thus , you 'll need to step up voltage to 745 kilovolts ( which is a lot ) so that wind does n't lose all its energy in the transmitting process .
That infrastructure alone — forget the actual windfarms — will cost billions .
We 'll also have windmills covering the entire great plains .
Quoting energy expert William Tucker , " If Boone Pickens 's dream is realized , you 'll be able to drive from Texas to North Dakota without ever being out of sight of a windmill , just as in Denmark . "
That is , except for Boone Pickens 's backyard .
Said Pickens , " I 'm not going to have the windmills on my ranch : they 're ugly . "
Indeed .
And that , in part , is why people are already objecting .
Windmills are taller than the Statue of Liberty , and they 're loud ; the Audubon Society calls them " condor Cuisinarts . "
Wind comes strongest along mountain crests .
Thus the Blue Ridge Mountains , the Adirondacks , the Appalachians , and so on would all have their ridges lined with these monstrosities .
Yet environmentalists object to the building of one small nuclear plant , which , compared with a windfarm , is tiny .
Uranium generates gigantic amounts of energy in a very small space , which wind and solar combined cannot come close to .
Those who say otherwise — those who are antinuclear , in other words — have brought the world 400 million more tons of coal used per year , because for thirty years now , since the Three Mile Island accident in 1979 , we 've been using more coal .
The meltdown of the uranium core in 1979 at Three Mile Island was so overblown by antinuclear groups that it went virtually unnoticed that the containment vessel at Three Mile Island had done its job and prevented any significant release of radioactivity .
Uranium is abundant , clean , and safe — in technological societies .
The catastrophe at Chernobyl — which , once again , sent greens groups worldwide scurrying to their soapboxes — only happened because that state - run reactor was astonishingly unsafe : in the words of Peter Huber , " You could n't have operated a toaster oven out of it . "
Few scientists disagree that the discovery of energy at the nucleus of the atom is the greatest scientific feat of the 20th century .
All this talk about how we need to " discover a new form of energy " therefore misses the point : we 've already done so .
It 's called nuclear energy .
And it 's amazing .
We discovered that the concentration of energy in the nucleus of the atom is 2 million times as great as energy in the shell of an atom .
There are tiny amounts of uranium residue in coal ; those trace residuals have more energy potential than all the coal itself .
Chemical energy , which is everything from wood to crude oil to gasoline to coal , consists of playing with the electrons , changing their energy state .
With nuclear , however , the big discovery was that there 's far more energy in the nucleus of the atom .
Therefore , it produces a far , far smaller " footprint . "
In fact , there 's really no such thing as " nuclear waste " : a nuclear reactor is refueled by its waste .
In other words , almost all " waste " can be recycled .
Indeed , ninety - five percent of a spent nuclear fuel rod is natural uranium , and so it can be put right back in the ground , just as it was found .
The radioactive part constitutes only about five percent , but of that , half is uranium and plutonium , and so it can be recycled as fuel — specifically mixed - oxide fuel , which is exactly what the French have been doing for twenty - five years now .
After twenty - five years , the French store all their so - called waste in one room , under La Hague , which is about the size of a basketball gymnasium .
Why have n't you heard this ?
A writer for the New Yorker magazine named John McPhee in 1974 published a highly influential book called The Curve of Binding Energy , which convinced President Jimmy Carter ( et al. ) that people could steal used plutonium from nuclear plants and makes bombs with it .
But this is untrue .
Nevertheless , solely on the basis of this detrimental misinformation , our country now has fifty thousand tons of nuclear " waste , " because our government wo n't allow nuclear plants to reuse it .
The stated policy of the Department of Energy ( DOE ) is " not to reprocess " a perfectly reusable byproduct — and all for absolutely no good reason .
That is why Yucca Mountain is unnecessarily , and at great cost , being built in southwestern Nevada to store a nuclear " waste " that could instead be simply and efficiently reused .
Nuclear " waste " is also used for medical isotopes .
Over forty percent of medicine now is nuclear medicine .
Currently , we must import all our nuclear isotopes because we 're not allowed to use any of our own .
This is not only profligate ; it 's a kind of lunacy .
We 're the only country in the world that does n't reuse its nuclear byproducts .
Nuclear energy is the cleanest , most efficient energy we have — by light years .
Anyone who tells you differently , is flat - out wrong .
You have already voted for this video .
We appreciate your help .
You have already reported this video .
First you get the sugar , then you get the power , then you get the women .
First you get the sugar , then you get the power , then you get the women .
Health " insurance " is n't really insurance .
That may sound confusing , so I intend to clarify the subject by comparing it to auto insurance , a rather easy - to - comprehend policy .
Generally , insurance protects the covered individual (s ) from unexpected costs .
This post will focus on that point .
Before I begin , I would like to draw a distinction to limit the number of comments that because auto insurance is mandatory , health insurance should be mandatory , too .
This is a flawed argument .
Driving is a " privilege , " living is a right .
A mandate to own auto insurance for everyone who drives is therefore different than a government mandate to own health " insurance " for everyone who lives .
According to Wikipedia , " Insurance , in law and economics , is a form of risk management ... defined as the equitable transfer of the risk of a loss , from one entity to another , in exchange for a premium , and can be thought of as a guaranteed small loss to prevent a large , possibly devastating loss [ emphasis added ] . "
The third principle of insurance is accidental loss .
As such , health insurance started as an early form of disability insurance ( or " accident insurance " ) .
If auto insurance was like health " insurance , " then your employer would decide from which plans and from which providers you may choose .
You would no longer see advertisements on television for such companies as Geico , Progressive , and Nationwide , competing for your business through lower prices and innovations in services provided .
The government would also pass legislation ( undoubtedly outside the scope of their federal powers ) to mandate auto insurance plans carry certain minimum services , increasing the cost of premiums regardless if the customers want these services or not .
Obviously , the government knows what 's best for you .
However , we would also expect out auto insurance to cover certain non-accidental ( expected ) costs .
Just as we expect our health " insurance " to subsidize our purchases of birth control pills and prescription allergy medicine , we would expect our auto insurance to help pay for our gasoline and oil changes .
Who cares if this increases the cost of your insurance premiums ( even if you drive less miles than the average driver and thus would face a disproportionately higher increase ) , you 'll feel better every time you fill your gas tank , right ?
This brings us to charging higher premiums for risky behavior .
The Kennedy - Dodd health care bill would prohibit charging higher premiums to individuals who smoke , use drugs , and engage in other unhealthy behaviors .
If that were the case , auto insurance providers could no longer charge higher premiums to males and young drivers ( perhaps a positive development ) but also that terrible driver who does n't take care of his / her car , reguarly receives speeding tickers , and has totaled three cars in as many years ( we all know at least one of these drivers ) .
If auto insurance was like the Kennedy - Dodds health care bill , every driver would pay higher auto insurance premiums because of undoubtedly poor drivers .
21st century indulgences , chugging and corporate ch ch-ing - one worker 's account and analysis of working as a street fundraiser .
Looking into it , chugging is a world with many nebulous traditions clashing .
For the major charities it 's simple .
The donations they receive on an ongoing basis through direct debit allow for clean , efficient and long term budgeting as we had it drilled into our heads in training .
Chugging is a method of direct sales and promotion rolled into one , lessons learnt from corporate promotion teams on visibility and engagement and on how to push a product in the face of a youth demographic .
The social welfare office is a bleak place to find yourself on a summer ’s afternoon .
It 's decrepit decor of ruddy orange plastic chairs and ratty gray carpets , scarred with cigarette burns from anxious claimants testify to a lack of state investment and care .
With every text and fag leaving another dent in a miserly bank balance , attempting to navigate signing on for the first time is more obstacle course than a walk in the park .
The anonymous voice at the other end of the line to the Citizen ’s Information Centre was upfront and helpful , but nothing prepared me for the scowl awaiting as I finally came up to the spittle covered screen separating me from the vision that was the permed , middle aged , cardigan woman , and with the potential to emancipate me from my Koka noodle hell and put me back in the realm of fresh veg .
Cardigan woman tells me her computer system operates two tax years in the past , so it ’ll be my mid-twenties by the time I can use up the accumulated PRSI credits from my patch work quilt of jobs .
Forms and forms later , and after jumping dolphin like deftly through reams of hoops - I 'm left to await confirmation of my SWA .
A letter arrives a few weeks later : my summer is to be lived out on 13.50 EUR a week .
With so much privatized knowledge of miraculous scamming of the welfare system collected among my social networks , how the hell did it come to pass that I let it slip I was co-habiting with another minimum wage slave ?
Skipping every good gig of the summer and forward a few weeks I ’m scrounging the job websites for the ideal posting - the sort of employment where I can persist with my disdain for work and internet addiction , greeting the world with lethargy and hangover ’s rather than service and cheer .
It ’s at this point that chugging comes in .
At once every urban area's new social pariah , the industry of charity mugging grows at a frantic rate as the most visible method of fund - raising .
For most of us awareness around chugging extends little beyond the daily shared avoidance strategies used when passing the fuckers .
They approach with grins like five year olds all giddied up to the eye - balls on skittles , meanwhile their eyes betray their smiles , its clear they really just want the ground to open up and swallow them , while you promptly lapse into the same hackneyed tricks ; pretending to send a text message , using your IPod to short circuit your hearing or just storming past as if they do n’t even exist .
I ’d been through the interview process for chugging once or twice before , for groups like Concern and Amnesty International , both of whom have in house fund raising operations paying over the odds of € 14 per hour .
A double team presents itself , one young and in training to take over the interview process , the other older and in control .
Given the predisposition for slightly hippy - ish clothing and woolly jumpers , the NGO sector should be thankful the League of Gentlemen never caught wind of the potential for Legs Akimbo style farce .
Subject to a hardly probing set of questions on motivations for wanting the job , I found myself getting into a rhythm about wanting to save the world , knowing I am doing something useful with my life before hitting a brick wall when asked to talk at random about something I ’m passionate about , a natural surliness ensured this was as far as I got .
It ’s Friday , 11 am and mid-August , when a rather excitable character rings me offering me an interview at 6 pm for a chugging role to start the following Monday .
I make my way out to a small office for an agency in lower Rathmines , I 'm told I already have the job before being rushed through the interview routine for bureaucratic purposes , by a stressed indie - boy in his late twenties .
Three days later I ’m rushed into a one day training session with a slightly overweight , rugby player turned charity sweet talker .
I was to be transformed over night into a salesman familiar with the routine of “ Stop !
Pitch !
Ask ! ”
This was the corporate newspeak covering up the old routine of sales targets , a PLC - ing of charities , disguised among a chummy , “ we 're a gang , and a what do a gang have ?
Balls ” mentality , clearly designed to sap away any individual intuition that this charity talk was a load of tosh and you were standing on the precipice of the world of cold selling .
After eight hours of repeating sales routines , the next day I was bibbed up and out on the street and hoping no one I know would pass by .
Amidst a drought of employment a flat - mate ended up pushing these notorious charity scratch cards on a commission only basis for 1 Euro out of every 2 Euro made .
This was really stretching the definition of charity with the money going to a well known private alcoholic ’s clinic .
On sunny days , we sat perched in Temple Bar and watched with a clinical coldness as his levels of aggression increased over the months , before climaxing in brazenly following people from one end of Temple Bar to the other .
Thankfully chuggers fuck off when politely asked to .
After all , charities do n't want to tarnish their brand with harassing figures desperate to pay rent .
Looking into it , chugging is a world with many nebulous traditions clashing .
For the major charities it 's simple .
The donations they receive on an ongoing basis through direct debit allow for clean , efficient and long term budgeting as we had it drilled into our heads in training .
Chugging is a method of direct sales and promotion rolled into one , lessons learnt from corporate promotion teams on visibility and engagement and on how to push a product in the face of a youth demographic .
As one fund - raising company routinely points out : “ while the average age of a donor on a charity database is 55 , the average age of a person who decides to give regularly during a face to face communication is 29 . ”
The model was developed in the early 1990's by the Austrian Andreas Leitner who had previously engaged in cold calling on telephones , before spreading the method to Germany , Switzerland and Italy , before hitting the UK with the company Dialogue Direct , last year it turned over € 4 million .
On one hand you have charities seeking to raise money motivated by global or local concerns , and on the other you have private companies offering a service on a commission basis .
Last year in the UK an estimated 690,000 people were persuaded by " chuggers " to give financial support to a charity , according to figures from the Public Fundraising Regulatory Association .
At an average fee of £ 50 per sign - up , that suggests £ 34.5 million of donations going as income to the businesses .
The big five are the Dialog Group Ltd , which runs the Face 2 Face Fundraising and Dialogue Direct agencies , Push Ltd , Gift Fundraising Ltd , Caring Together Ltd and Fruitful Fundraising UK Ltd .
These are the commission sucking companies who 's prominence has unleashed the current wave of anti-chuggger backlash prompting some of the more major charities to set up in house companies to do the work directly .
Feeding people my hook line of “ excuse me , but do you know where the little people live ? "
Before rapidly proceeding into my spiel .
The other option was pretending to be a tree , dancing or singing and fucked if I was doing that .
There was a surprising lack of ignorance on the Dublin streets , there were in fact no blunt “ fuck offs ” and only a handful of goth kids muttering “ get a real job ” at a safe distance before tossing off to waste their mammies money on Marilon Manson shirts in Asha .
Our location for the day was in and around the Central Bank , a turf much contested by the several homeless tappers who saw us preying on their market of soppy alternative types and American tourists hanging around Temple Bar , many of whom walked into my ploy forcing me to fob them off by immediately asking for money .
This was selling a modern form of indulgences : this truly was a parallel world of “ this week we have a special offer on children between the ages of five and ten suffering from polio , ten of whom you can cure for minimum of € 19 a month .
Take out a tax efficient subscription of € 21 a month and that 'll school eleven young girls left orphaned by parents with HIV , suit you sir ?
Well , step over here where you can purge your consciousness of guilt , and renounce your social responsibility all in one foul swipe of your signature and a series of numbers sent to your bank ? ”
The ad for the job sold it as “ crazy or random ” with the possibility of “ work outdoors and do something different ” and “ make a real difference to your world ” ensuring a constant flow inwards of young people seeking temporary work outside the humdrum of the McJob circus , while keeping some what in line with their own ill - defined sense of social justice .
The others on team were indie types , or mushroom munching , psy - trance types clutching their Carlos Castaneda before heading off traveling again to some vaguely world music soundtrack .
Judging from constant on - line advertising , there is a huge staff turnover in the “ chugging ” world .
I did one day on the job , it was emotional prostitution , with a face physically aching from so much fake smiling .
And then there was the weather , I ’d been told in training that save for a hurricane Katrina style cataclysm we were never permitted to leave the out doors .
The buddy buddy - bullshit from the Carlos Castaneda reading team leader was nudging me to stay late , auto - reduce my hourly rate to somewhere dangerously below the minimum wage while keeping up the companies commission and I 'm sure his own bonus .
With such profits at stake and charity as the best motivational tool , its no surprise to hear that in New Zealand , there are claims that some chuggers are asked to pay a bond to cover an donors who pull out before a month before taking up employment .
The next day when my alarm clock went off , I rolled over and went back to sleep - it was clear I needed to get off the streets and start pissing the general public off from a call centre instead .
from www.anarkismo.net
( UPDATE : 12:24 p.m. July 2 . New information has been added below . )
My , O my , now we 're witnessing partisan fights over letters of the alphabet .
It must be summer .
There 's a Republican in Maine -- more than one , actually -- who 's pondering a campaign for governor .
His name is Les Otten .
There 's a Democrat in Maine named Arden Manning .
In fact , he 's the executive director of the Maine Democratic Party .
No doubt in the interests of bipartisanship , Manning decided to give Otten 's 3 - day - old candidacy exploration a gift of priceless publicity internationally in the already crowded 10 - candidate field for Maine 's gubernatorial primaries in 11 months .
Manning 's already called attention to -- well , he objected to , would be more accurate -- Otten 's possible campaign logo on his possible campaign website .
( See top image . )
Manning claims the red - white - and - blue - and - green logo bears a remarkable resemblance to the campaign logo of one Barack Obama ( see image at right ) , who raised $ 750 million with it to win the White House last November .
And still uses the red - white - and - blue O to rouse support for the new president 's ambitious programs and to pressure members in Congress through Organizing for America .
When yOu think abOut it , O is really a pretty cOmmOn letter .
But then Manning appears to shOOt his own argument in the fOOt by saying , " Barack Obama was not elected president because he had a snazzy graphic and well - designed website . "
Otten , a businessman and former minority owner of the Boston Red Sox , needlessly nOtes that his last name also begins with a capital O and says the lOgO was designed frOm scratch lOcally .
AnOther similarity in the Obama and Otten websites is they bOth prOminently seek dOnatiOns .
Otten 's campaign alsO pOints
Out the Obama lOgO bears a remarkable resemblance tO the Pepsi lOgO ( see image at left ) , which has been arOund even lOnger than any Of them .
And contains no letter O .
( UPDATE : The Maine O has added an updated message to his page now :
The highly partisan elements of the Maine Democratic Party did n't waste much time before they began running a negative campaign against us .
I guess it shows how concerned they are about the positive reforms we 're going to bring to Augusta .
Our campaign is going to focus on solving Maine 's problems like how we create new jobs and solve Maine 's energy problems .
If you 're tired of politics as usual , please donate here today so we can tell others about our positive agenda .
Thanks for visiting .
And I look forward to seeing you on the campaign trail .-- Les )
And Les suggests you honor this promise by donating now .
-- Andrew MalcOlm
Click
Over here for Twitter alerts on each new Ticket item .
Or follow us @latimestot
By Gerry Northam
BBC Radio 4
Colonel Howard Richardson ditched the bomb off Tybee Island More than 50 years after a 7,600lb ( 3,500kg ) nuclear bomb was dropped in US waters following a mid-air military collision , the question of whether the missing weapon still poses a threat remains .
In his own mind , retired 87 - year - old Colonel Howard Richardson is a hero responsible for one of the most extraordinary displays of aeronautic skill in the history of the US Air Force .
His view carries a lot of weight and he has a large number of supporters - including the Air Force itself which honoured his feat with a Distinguished Flying Cross .
But to others , he is little short of a villain : the man who 50 years ago dropped a nuclear bomb in US waters , a bomb nobody has been able to find and make safe .
' Top - secret flight '
Shortly after midnight on 5 February 1958 , Howard Richardson was on a top - secret training flight for the US Strategic Air Command .
It was the height of the Cold War and the young Major Richardson 's mission was to practise long - distance flights in his B - 47 bomber in case he was ordered to fly from Homestead Air Force Base in Florida to any one of the targets the US had identified in Russia .
We thought maybe it was something from outer space , but it could only be another plane
Colonel Howard Richardson
The training was to be as realistic as possible , so on board was a single massive H - bomb - the nuclear weapon he might one day be instructed to drop to start World War III .
As he cruised at 38,000 feet over North Carolina and Georgia , his plane was hit by another military aircraft , gouging a huge hole in the wing and knocking an engine almost off its mountings , leaving it hanging at a perilous angle .
At his home in Mississippi , Colonel Richardson said : " All of a sudden we felt a heavy jolt and a burst of flame out to the right .
" We did n't know what it was .
" We thought maybe it was something from outer space , but it could only be another plane . "
The colonel thought his number was up .
His bomber started plummeting to earth and he struggled with the flight deck to get any kind of response .
" We had ejection seats - I told 'em : ' Do n't hit the ejection seats just yet .
I 'm gonna see if we can fly . ' "
As he dropped to 20,000 feet , he somehow got the damaged craft under control and levelled out .
He and his co-pilot then made a fateful decision which probably saved both their lives and the lives of countless people on the ground .
The B - 47's engine was left hanging from the plane Colonel Richardson told me that the decision was instantaneous - and he still has no doubt it was the right thing to do .
They would ditch their nuclear payload as soon as possible in order to lighten the aircraft for an emergency landing and also to eliminate the danger of an enormous explosion when they made their unsteady arrival at the nearest available runway .
" The tactical doctrine for Strategic Air Command gave me the authority to get rid of it ( the bomb ) for the safety of the crew - that was the number one priority , " Colonel Richardson said .
He managed to direct the B - 47 a mile or two off the coast of Savannah and opened the bomb doors , dropping the bomb somewhere into the shallow waters and light sand near Tybee Island .
He then managed a perfectly executed descent from which he and his crew walked away unscathed .
The pilot of the other aircraft , an F - 86 fighter jet , also survived , after his ejector seat shot him clear of his aircraft .
I 've been living with it now for 51 years
Colonel Howard Richardson
Immediately after the crash , a search was set up to find the unexploded nuclear weapon , buried somewhere too close for comfort to the US 's second - largest eastern seaport and one of its most beautiful cities .
Numerous other searches have followed , both official and unofficial , and each of them has also proved unsuccessful .
So the bomb remains tucked away on the sea-bed , in an area which is frequently dredged by shrimp fishermen , any one of whom could suddenly find that they have netted something a touch larger and scarier than a crustacean .
How dangerous the bomb is after all these years is a matter of hot debate .
The US Air Force insists it is safest to leave it wherever it is , and Colonel Richardson is adamant that it is incapable of a nuclear explosion because it lacks the vital plutonium trigger .
' Practice mission '
He said these were routinely left out of the bombs used on training flights .
" This was just a practice mission .
We were continually working out any problems , that 's why we had to practise - we wanted to be perfect , " he said .
But his case has been vigorously contested by opponents who raise apocalyptic fears of a thermonuclear explosion which could destroy much of the US eastern seaboard .
Fears have also been expressed that the bomb could be located and recovered by a terrorist group , and there are even some who believe that may already have happened .
For Colonel Richardson , the event which shaped his life has not ended quite the way he thought it would .
" I 've been living with it now for 51 years .
" We had an accident and I landed the aircraft safely ...
I did get a Distinguished Flying Cross from a general for that .
" I thought that would be the story .
That 's not the story - everything 's about the nuclear weapon . "
Hear more from Gerry Northam on Broken Arrow , broadcast on Radio 4 at 2000 BST , Monday 22 June .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Last night I began to play Prototype , Activision 's open - world anti-hero title , and it's hard to get used to the very different feel and style of the game after playing inFamous .
Radical Entertainment and Sucker Punch have to be tired of their respective titles being compared to each other , but they both feature a gravelly - voiced man with super - powers making his way across an open world , trying to unravel the mysteries behind his powers .
The main difference ?
In inFamous you can be a good guy , in Prototype your only concern is revenge .
The game does n't tiptoe around the idea of being a bad guy , either .
Battles between your character and the military feature bodies and cars flying this way and that as civilians are treated as little more than shrapnel .
To fill your energy you can grab anyone in the world and " consume " them , first killing their body and then absorbing their body into yours .
The game gleefully counts up the number of military and random passers - by you kill in each mission .
This is going to be a good thing for those of you who do n't mind playing the villain every now and then , but for those pansies — like me — who quick load every time they accidentally run over a pedestrian in Grand Theft Auto , it presents quite the issue .
I never harvested a single little sister .
I disliked playing a dark side character in Knights of the Old Republic .
If you want to play Prototype however , you 've got to burn to shine .
Who knows what the story will hold later in the game , it would be a brave choice to have the main character completely disappear into the darkness and actually get his revenge .
Turning things around would also be tricky — was Darth Vader really a good guy because he saved his son ?
Did n't he commit genocide not too long ago ?
In games and media it seems like one good deed can wipe out any number of bad deeds , and the men and women who I destroyed to get to the end of the game may find cold comfort in the fact that I let some scientist live , or had a turn of heart at the last minute .
That 's for later though , for now I 'm having fun careening through the game 's 31 missions .
And you know what ?
Being the villain is n't as bad as I thought it would be .
In fact , it almost feels ... good .
Prototype is available now for the PS3 , Xbox 360 , and PC .
New Scientist has an excellent piece on how new research on the psychology of crowds is challenging the idea that people become an ‘ unruly mob ’ in large numbers .
In fact , recent research shows that people tend to cooperate and quickly achieve an altruistic and bonded group identity when in large numbers .
This partly relies on the fact that our group identity is fluid , as demonstrated by an elegant experiment by crowd psychologist Mark Levine that the article touches on :
The fluidity of group psychology was also demonstrated in a 2005 experiment on English soccer fans by Mark Levine at the University of Lancaster , UK .
He found that supporters of Manchester United who had been primed to think about how they felt about their team were significantly more likely to help an injured stranger if he was wearing a Manchester United shirt , rather than an unbranded shirt or one of rival team Liverpool .
However , fans who were primed to think about their experience of being a football fan in general were equally likely to help strangers in Liverpool shirts and Manchester United shirts , but far less likely to help someone wearing an unbranded one ( Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin , vol 31 , p 443 ) .
This shows the potency of group membership , and also how fluid the boundaries can be .
The article mentions several studies of dangerous crowd situations where there seems to have been large scale spontaneous co-operation that seemed to have averted more serious problems .
We recently covered research that found that the more people present at a confrontation , the less likely there is to be a violence outcome , although there were specific turning points where violence could go either way .
As the piece mentions , this is particularly interesting in light of a tactic called ‘ kettling ’ commonly employed by UK police to control large crowds .
It involves surrounding the crowd and letting individuals leave but not letting anyone back in .
The psychology of this tactic was discussed by Bob Hughes , the head of training at the Metropolitan Police ’s Public Order Unit , on a 2004 edition of BBC All in the Mind .
Interestingly , he describes it in terms of Maslow ’s hierarchy of needs , where eventually the need to protest will be overtaken by the need to eat , drink , rest and so on , and so people will slowly disperse .
This is a distinctly individualistic approach to crowd psychology .
It assumes that the crowd will be violent and so needs to be contained but that it can be broken down on an individual basis .
One implication from this new research on crowd psychology is that the kettling process itself may trigger violence on the first place , because it sets up a confrontational situation and strengthens the crowds ’ group identity at the same time .
Link to NewSci piece on the ‘ wisdom of crowds ’ .
PC Invader Costs Ky. County $ 415,000
Cyber criminals based in Ukraine stole $ 415,000 from the coffers of Bullitt County , Kentucky this week .
The crooks were aided by more than two dozen co-conspirators in the United States , as well as a strain of malicious software capable of defeating online security measures put in place by many banks .
Bullitt County Attorney Walt Sholar said the trouble began on June 22 , when someone started making unauthorized wire transfers of $ 10,000 or less from the county 's payroll to accounts belonging to at least 25 individuals around the country ( some individuals received multiple payments ) .
On June 29 , the county 's bank realized something was wrong , and began requesting that the banks receiving those transfers start reversing them , Sholar said .
" Our bank told us they would know by Thursday how many of those transactions would be able to be reversed , " Sholar said .
" They told us they thought we would get some of the money back , they just were n't sure how much . "
Sholar said the unauthorized transfers appear to have been driven by " some kind computer virus . "
Security Fix has been communicating with a cyber crime investigator who is familiar with the case .
What follows is a description of the malicious software used , a blow - by - blow account of how the attackers worked the heist , as well interviews with a couple of women hired to receive the stolen funds and forward the money on to fraudsters in Ukraine .
This case also serves as an example of how e-mail scams can be used to dupe unknowing victims in serving as accomplices in their plan .
According to my source , who asked not to be identified because he 's still investigating different sides of this case , the criminals stole the money using a custom variant of a keystroke logging Trojan known as " Zeus " ( a.k.a. " Zbot " ) that included two new features .
The first is that stolen credentials are sent immediately via instant message to the attackers .
But the second , more interesting feature of this malware , the investigator said , is that it creates a direct connection between the infected Microsoft Windows system and the attackers , allowing the bad guys to log in to the victim 's bank account using the victim 's own Internet connection .
Many online banks will check to see whether the customer 's Internet address is coming from a location already associated with the customer 's user name and password , or at least from a geographic location that is close to where the customer lives .
By connecting through the victim's PC or Internet connection , the bad guys can avoid raising any suspicions .
This might be enough to fool retail banks that serve regular online banking users , but Bullitt County 's bank , like many other commercial banks , use even more rigorous authentication schemes .
For instance , some technologies adopted by commercial bank Web sites will use special Javascript programming techniques to look at various aspects of the customer 's system -- including screen size , browser version , operating system , and a myriad other variables -- to create a unique " fingerprint " of their customers ' computers .
In such cases , even if criminals have hijacked a victim 's Internet connection , a bank using this approach should still be able to detect that the customer is connecting from a different computer because the fingerprints wo n't match .
Also , the process of creating and approving outgoing wire transfers from the county 's account could not be completed without two different authorized users signing off on the transaction .
In the case of Bullitt County , that checks - and - balances system was designed to be carried out by the county treasurer and a local judge .
Finally , if for whatever reason the bank 's system noticed that either account was being used from a PC with an unknown fingerprint , that login attempt would fail , and that user would be prompted to check their e-mail account for a special , one - time passphrase that would need to be re-entered along with the username and password , in order to gain access to the account .
According to the investigator , the attack against Bullitt County 's bank account went down like this :
- The attackers somehow got the Zeus Trojan on the county treasurer 's PC , and used it to steal the username and password the treasurer needed to access e-mail and the county 's bank account .
- The attackers then logged into the county 's bank account by tunneling through the treasurer 's Internet connection .
- Once logged in , the criminals changed the judge 's password , as well as e-mail address tied to the judge 's account , so that any future notifications about one - time passphrases would be sent to an e-mail address the attackers controlled .
- They then created several fictitious employees of the county ( these were the 25 real - life , co-conspirators hired by the attackers to receive the stolen funds ) , and created a batch of wire transfers to those individuals to be approved .
- The crooks then logged into the county 's bank account using the judge 's credentials and a computer outside of the state of Kentucky .
When the bank 's security system failed to recognize the profile of the PC , the bank sent an e-mail with the challenge passphrase to an e-mail address the attackers controlled .
- The attackers then retrieved the passphrase from the e-mail , and logged in again with the judge 's new credentials and the one - time passphrase .
Once logged in , the crooks were able to approve the batch of wire transfers .
When asked to comment on this version of events , County Attorney Sholar said he was limited in what he could say , because the FBI had asked him not to discuss details of the case .
But he did say that " We know there were initiations and approvals for wire transfers that were both generated and sent to the bank by computers that were physically located outside of the state of Kentucky . "
The Role of the Money Mules - Scammed Into Serving
With the help of the cyber crime investigator , I was able to reach two of the 25 so - called " money mules " who were hired to act as intermediaries in this scam .
Both were females under the age of 35 who initially were contacted after placing their resumes on Careerbuilder.com .
Each received e-mails from a company calling itself Fairlove Delivery Service .
Both women agreed to speak with Security Fix on the condition of anonymity .
Both were hired by Fairlove to edit documents for grammar and flow , and promised a pay of $ 8 for each kilobyte of data they processed ( see the initial Careerbuilder scam e-mail here ) .
The documents they were hired to edit often were full of grammatical errors and faulty or missing punctuation .
Both money mules said it appeared that whoever wrote the letters was not a native English speaker .
It 's not clear whether the cyber scammers first enlisted the mules as text editors in order to test their trustworthiness , or because they really needed their help making their scam letters look more believable .
What is clear from looking at copies of the letters they were asked to edit , is that they were editing missives that would be sent to recruit and scam other mules .
Have a look at some of those yet - to - be- edited messages sent to our anonymous mules , viewable at this link here .
The first person I spoke with , a 34 year - old woman from Miami , had been editing texts e-mailed to her by Fairlove representatives for a couple of weeks .
Shortly after she inquired about when she would be paid for her work , she received an e-mail asking if she'd be interested in a position as a " local agent , " for the company .
The Fairlove representative who contacted her via e-mail said something about how the company often had trouble getting money to its clients overseas as quickly as they needed it , and desperately needed help speeding up that process ( at least they were honest on that claim ) .
A description of the local agent job position , as sent to this woman , is available here .
Last Thursday , she received a deposit of more than $ 9,900 , with instructions to wire all but about $ 500 ( her 5 percent " commission " ) via Western Union to a bank account in Ukraine .
The woman said she began to grow suspicious that " something was n't right about the whole thing , " and only wired $ 3,000 of the money .
After being contacted by Security Fix about the scam , she learned from her bank that her account was frozen .
Her bank assured her if she could come in and produce the e-mails showing she 'd been caught up in a scam , they might be able to work something out .
The second woman I spoke with , a 27 - year - old single mom , also from Florida , was not so lucky .
She had more than $ 9,700 transferred into her checking account from Bullitt County 's bank by the fraudsters on Monday .
She pulled nearly all of that amount out of her bank almost immediately , wiring nearly $ 9,200 to the scammers in the Ukraine .
Shortly after that , her bank reversed the initial $ 9,700 deposit at the request of Bullitt County 's bank .
Her bank now says she is on the hook for that amount : her checking account balance is now almost $ 9,000 in the red .
Here are a couple of observations and tips so you do n't get scammed , however obvious they may be :
- Avoid responding to job offers sent via e-mail .
If you use job search Web sites like Monster.com and CareerBuilder.com , at least be aware that criminal gangs use these sites also , to recruit the desperate , unwary , and the greedy .
- If you get in bed with a company that you have n't even researched on Google , expect to regret that decision :
A search on Fairlove Delivery Service returns little but page after page of complaints from other job searchers scammed by these criminals .
- Avoid clicking on links in e-mails that you are not expecting , and be particularly wary of any e-mail that warns of dire consequences unless you act or respond immediately .
The malware used to infect Bullitt County 's computers was part of a huge Zeus / Zbot spam campaign that has been ongoing for the past several weeks now , variously disguised as alerts about greeting cards , package tracking numbers , and security updates from Microsoft .
- The last time I wrote about money mule scams , some readers wrote in to say , in effect : " The mules were stupid :
They should have just taken ALL of the money . "
These readers miss the fundamental point about these scams that the bad guys understand all too well : it 's all about the timing .
The bank will always recall the deposit .
It 's just a matter of when .
- Be extremely wary -- nay , run away from -- any transaction in which the other party asks you to convert a revocable transaction into an irrevocable one .
Hard cash sent via Western Union , Moneygram and other wire transfer services , is an example of an irrevocable transaction :
Once it 's done , there 's no undoing it .
On the other hand , checks can be canceled , and deposits can be reversed .
Vincent van Gogh 's fame may owe as much to a legendary act of self - harm , as it does to his self - portraits .
But , 119 years after his death , the tortured post - Impressionist 's bloody ear is at the centre of a new controversy , after two historians suggested that the painter did not hack off his own lobe but was attacked by his friend , the French artist Paul Gauguin .
According to official versions , the disturbed Dutch painter cut off his ear with a razor after a row with Gauguin in 1888 .
Bleeding heavily , Van Gogh then walked to a brothel and presented the severed ear to an astonished prostitute called Rachel before going home to sleep in a blood - drenched bed .
But two German art historians , who have spent 10 years reviewing the police investigations , witness accounts and the artists ' letters , argue that Gauguin , a fencing ace , most likely sliced off the ear with his sword during a fight , and the two artists agreed to hush up the truth .
In Van Gogh 's Ear : Paul Gauguin and the Pact of Silence , published in Germany , Hamburg - based academics Hans Kaufmann and Rita Wildegans argue that the official version of events , based largely on Gauguin 's accounts , contain inconsistencies and that both artists hinted that the truth was more complex .
Van Gogh and Gauguin 's troubled friendship was legendary .
In 1888 , Van Gogh persuaded him to come to Arles in the south of France to live with him in the Yellow House he had set up as a " studio of the south " .
They spent the autumn painting together before things soured .
Just before Christmas , they fell out .
Van Gogh , seized by an attack of a metabolic disease became aggressive and was apparently crushed when Gauguin said he was leaving for good .
Kaufmann told the Guardian : " Near the brothel , about 300 metres from the Yellow House , there was a final encounter between them : Vincent might have attacked him , Gauguin wanted to defend himself and to get rid of this ' madman ' .
He drew his weapon , made some movement in the direction of Vincent and by that cut off his left ear . "
Kaufmann said it was not clear if it was an accident or an aimed hit .
While curators at the Van Gogh museum in Amsterdam stand by the theory of self - mutilation , Kaufmann argues that Van Gogh dropped hints in letters to his brother , Theo , once commenting : " Luckily Gauguin ... is not yet armed with machine guns and other dangerous war weapons . "
Ah Las Vegas .
Home of gambling , sin and hardcore libertarian , anti-government gold bugs .
The Las Vegas Review Journal recently reported on the trial of Robert Kahre , a guy accused of setting up a scheme to pay employees in gold coins so that they may tell the IRS they were paid by the coin 's nominal , face value , rather than what that gold is actually worth when converted into dollars .
Not surprisingly , the story attracted many angry commenters , who hate the IRS and who hate paper currency .
Now , in a case that should once again test the ( established ) privacy rights of web commenters , the newspaper has be subpoenad for their info .
And it 's not just your garden variety names and IP addresses that the government wants .
Editor Thomas Mitchell wrote this weekend :
This past week the newspaper was served with a grand jury subpoena from the U.S. attorney 's office demanding that we turn over all records pertaining to those postings , including " full name , date of birth , physical address , gender , ZIP code , password prompts , security questions , telephone numbers and other identifiers ... the IP address , " et ( kitchen sink ) cetera .
Tantamount to killing a gnat with an A - bomb .
There was no indication what they were looking for or what crime , if any , was being investigated , just a blanket subpoena for voluminous and detailed records on every private citizen who dared to speak about a federal tax case .
Queue more conspiracy theorizing .
In any event , the paper has just announced that it 's rejecting the subpoena , while offering some more background on it :
The reason for the subpoena came up in court , outside the jury 's presence , after an alternate juror sent a note to Ezra , explaining that his spouse had told him to avoid a certain talk radio station , which was discussing the trial .
Ezra retained the alternate after he determined the man did not know any details of the broadcast .
Ezra said this past week in court that he would not be handling the subpoena .
However , " anytime we get people writing ... that if a particular verdict is n't reached , that jurors ought to come to physical harm -- that 's no good .
And if somebody wants to investigate that , that 's their perfect right . "
One commentator said , " The sad thing is there are 12 dummies on the jury who will convict him .
They should be hung along with the feds . "
Another writer suggested supporting Kahre with a public protest at the courthouse .
A third writer advised moving it across the street from the courthouse , or to the local IRS office , to avoid court security officers .
Kahre has been gaining an opinionated Internet audience after an armed team from several law enforcement agencies raided several of his business locations -- including his sister 's home office -- in 2003 to collect evidence for the tax case .
It 's time for a little change of pace .
This next post is not a review , but instead , an editorial .
We see many games coming out lately e.g. such as mega Man 9 , that use retro , 8 - bit - 32 - bit graphics for the games .
With many once - NES gamers thirsty for nostalgia , Capcom decided bringing a great series back to its humble beginnings as a 2d , 8 - bit platformer .
This game was a huge success , appealing to old and new Mega Man fans alike .
However , there was some controversy on the graphics choice .
IGN and the Nintendo magazine praised MM9 for the 8 - bit style , while Edge magazine brought the score down to 6/10 , critising the retro look .
This got me thinking ; we begged for these 8 - bit games for two reasons : nostalgia and simplicity .
Nothing screams nostalgia in video games more than NES and 8 - bit , and during those times , when resources were much more limited and game engines were only so good , simple was the best possible !
My question to you all is :
Are we really looking for the 8 - bit look , or the simplicty that comes with 8 - bit games ?
Take for example Braid .
This innovative indie game wasas simple as most 2d platformers end up being .
Besides the fact that you could rewind time and solve puzzles , Braid was about jumping on enemies and scrolling screens .
I 'm not going to get started on music or story , since this is only for an example .
What makes Braid different from the NES platformers ?
The obvious answer is the graphics .
Braid had beautiful backgrounds and a more detailed ( not to mention , funny - looking ) protagonist .
Braid was critically acclaimed , and was even called a masterpiece by multiple sources .
In this case , it was the simplicity of gameplay that made this game successful .
The music and backgrounds only add to the " ease " felt when playing the game .
In this case , there were no 8 - bit graphics to display simplicity .
Instead , it was the concept and output that portrayed utter simplicity .
Could other games do this ?
Could we make a Mega Man game that resembles the NES platformer series without using actual retro graphics ?
We all know the " good " Mega Man from the NES , so we think that this is impossible .
But I do n't think it has to be .
Honestly , I think nostalgia is preventing game designers from taking risk in redesigning graphics but still keeping the original , fun , simple gameplay .
Therefore , they stay safe and remake retro classics .
What 's stopping them from taking the risk ?
Reception is key , and if reviewers and the general gaming population think that this new generation retro game with reformed graphics ruined what used to be good , horror ensues and the apocalypse is inevitable .
Realistically , the game will be utterly hated .
This fear is driving major companies to back off of these projects .
Take a moment to imagine , however , Mega Man 9 with the SAME gameplay , SAME enemies , SAME story , but new , refined , and cleaner graphics .
Would this hurt the game ?
Hell no !
If Mega Man jumps as far as he usually jumps , and shoots as fast as normal , and nothing is visibly differentthe graphics , this game could be even greater than before !
There should n't be anything stopping these designers as long as they do n't radically screw up what 's good about simple platformers .
I do n't think making new 8 - bit games is a step in the right direction .
New Super Mario Bros. completely changed the graphics used in old Mario games , but still kept the addicting and satisfying gameplay .
Mega Man 9 was a great game , so do not misread .
However , I feel so much more could 've been done .
Every once in a while , one of these games is very refreshing .
I really do n't think that when going for simple , this " tactic " should be resorted to though .
By listening to consumer feedback and taking a chance , we soon could discover what we are truly looking for in a simple game that reminds us of 8 - bit nostalgia , besides the graphics .
As for music ... I am undecided .
8 - bit tunes such as Mega Man II 's Dr. Wily Stage 1/2 hold a place in my heart ( not the bloody part ) , but newer tunes , such as the hypnotisingly amazing piano in Blueberry garden for the PC also deserve their place in these newer , simple games I hope will soon come .
Perhaps this should go according to the style of that specific game .
I think simple games with newer graphics can stay on the same level as new , 8 - bit games that remind consumers of the NES days .
If the same traits that were in the NES games are in these new games , the graphics will only be seen as a plus , and may show the video game industry that you do n't need retro graphics to be simple .
[ This is the ninth in a series of regular articles .
Click HERE for other articles in the series .
Please return to Links regularly read the next articles in the series . ]
By Marta Harnecker , translated by Federico Fuentes for Links International Journal of Socialist Renewal
1 . Among the left , there continues to be a difficulty to work together while respecting differences .
In the past , the tendency of political organisations , especially parties that self - declare themselves as parties of the working class , was always towards homogenising the social base within which they carried out political work .
If this attitude was once justified due to the past identity and homogeneity of the working class , today it is anachronistic when confronted with a working class that is quite differentiated , and with the emergence of a diversity of new social actors .
Today , we increasingly have to deal with a unity based on diversity , on respect for ethnic and cultural differences , for gender and for the sense of belonging of specific collectives .
2 . It is necessary to try channelling commitments to activism by starting with the actual potential of each sector , and even of each person , that is willing to commit itself to the struggle , without seeking to homogenise these actors .
It is important to have a special sensibility towards finding all those points of agreement that can allow for the emergence of a common platform of struggle .
3 . This respect for differences should also reflect itself in our discourse .
We must break with the old style of attempting to take a uniform message to people with very different interests .
We can not think of them as an amorphous mass ; what exists are individuals , men and women who live in different places , who do different things and who are under different ideological influences ; the message has to adopt flexible forms in order to be able to reach these real men and women .
4 . When all our speeches and messages are cut from the same cloth and are transmitted in the same manner and with the same words , pronounced in the same tone and through the same megaphone , and when the years go by and the posters and slogans do n’t change , our words lose their value .
They can no longer win the imaginations of anyone .
5 . We have to individualise the message , but without losing sight of the common objectives .
6 . We believe that the issue of respect for differences can help shed light on the issue of the crisis of activism .
Furthermore , everyone knows that over the last few years , a fairly generalised crisis of activism has occurred , not only among left parties but also in the social movements and grassroots communities influenced by liberation theology , something that is not removed from the changes that the world has suffered .
Nevertheless , in many of our countries , together with this crisis of activism , we have witnessed a parallel increase in the influence of the left in society , and an increase of progressive sentiments among popular sectors .
7 . This leads us to the conclusion that one of the factors present in the origins of this crisis is the type of demands placed upon people in order for them to be able to involve themselves in organised political activity .
We have to examine whether the left has been able to open up avenues for activism and help nurture that growing progressive sentiment in society , because not all people have the same activist vocation nor do they all feel inclined to be active on a permanent level .
This fluctuates a lot depending on the political climate at the time .
To ignore this , and demand a uniform level of activism , is self - limiting and weakens the political organisation .
8 . For example , there are those who are willing to be active over a specific issue : health , education , culture , and not within a local branch in their workplace or community .
There are others who only feel the need to be active at certain junctures ( elections , etc. ) but are not willing to do so all year round , even though during key moments of the political struggle you can always count on them to be there , and in their daily lives they are promoting the project and values of the left .
9 . To try and pigeonhole people who are willing to be active into a single norm , based on 24 - hours - a - day / seven - days - a - week level of activism which is the same for everyone , means excluding all these potential militants .
10 .
We have to create a type of organisation that can house the widest range of militants , allowing for diverse levels of membership .
Organic structures have to abandon their rigidity and become more flexible in order to make the most of the different levels of activist commitment , without establishing a hierarchy between these different levels .
11 . In order to facilitate the different levels of activism , it is necessary to adapt the structures and grassroots units of the organisation in order to suit the character of the surroundings in which their political activist is carried out .
Bilbliography of Marta Harnecker ’s works on the issue
La izquierda después de Seattle , Siglo XXI España , 2002 .
The left on the threshold of the twenty first century .
Making the impossible possible .
Original title : La izquierda en el umbral del Siglo XXI .
Haciendo posible lo imposible , Siglo XXI , España , 1999 , 3 ª ed. 2000 ( 410 pages ) .
Cuba , Editorial de Ciencias Sociales , 2000 ; Portugal , Campo das Letras Editores , 2000 ; Brasil , Paz e Terra , 2000 ; Italia , Sperling and Küpfer Editori , 2001 ; Canadá ( francés ) , Lantôt Éditeur , 2001 ; El Salvador , Instituto de Ciencias Políticas y Administrativas Farabundo Martí , 2001 .
Vanguardia y crisis actual o Izquierda y crisis actual , Siglo XXI España , 1990 .
Published in : Argentina , Ediciones de Gente Sur , 1990 ; Uruguay , TAE Editorial , 1990 ; Chile , Brecha , 1990 ; Nicaragua , Barricada , 1990 .
Under the title Izquierda y crisis actual : México , Siglo XXI Editores , 1990 ; Perú , Ediciones Amauta , 1990 ; Venezuela , Abre Brecha , 1990 ; Dinamarca , Solidaritet , 1992 .
[ Marta Harnecker is originally from Chile where she participated in the revolutionary process of 1970 - 1973 .
She has written extensively on the Cuba Revolution , and on the nature of socialist democracy .
She now lives in Caracas and is a participant in the Venezuelan revolution . ]
Pin Share Email 6 Shares
For a while now we ’ve been talking about the Obama administration ’s Making Homes Affordable Refinance and Loan Modification program .
We looked at who was eligible for the program , and what you needed to do in order to push through your own refinance or loan modification .
According to the administration the plan was going to be able to help anywhere from 7 to 9 million people to get into a more affordable loan , all while not increasing costs through added PMI or other costs .
The reality of what has happened so far is much different .
According to the Treasury Department earlier this week , so far only 20,000 loans have been refinanced .
That ’s a far cry from the millions of supposedly eligible homeowners who were forecast to be able to refinance .
So what ’s holding things up ?
UPDATE : 2011 Changes To Home Affordable Refinance Program ( HARP ) Coming Soon
Problems With The Program : Why Have n’t More People Refinanced
There are quite a few reasons that people speculate the program has n’t been more successful that it could have been .
With mortgage rates in the low 6 ’s in recent years , for many people refinancing to the mid 5 ’s just does n’t seem worth it after paying for points and high closing costs many banks are offering .
According to many sources , including commenters on this blog , the program has been slow to ramp up .
Borrowers have complained that banks are not approving their applications .
People at the banks often do n’t seem to have any idea what the program entails .
Homeowners are getting the run around , and are being given refinance offers that are n’t really much of a deal .
Many homeowners have seen dramatic drops in their home ’s value in recent months / years , which means they do n’t have the required 105 % LTV ratio needed to benefit from the refinance program .
( This week ’s changes to the program should help address this ) .
Changes To The Program : 125 % LTV Loans Now Available
The Obama administration eased eligibility rules on July 1st for the Home Affordable Refinance Program , lifting the maximum loan - to - value ratio to 125 percent from 105 percent .
So that means the eligibility requirements for the program are now as follows :
Loans originated on or before January 1 , 2009 .
Your loan is is owned / backed by Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac .
You are current on your mortgage payments , no 30 day deliquencies in the past 12 months .
You have income to support the new mortgage payments .
Your first mortgage will not exceed 125 % of the current market value of the property .
The new requirement of no more than a 125 % mortgage to home market value ratio should allow quite a few more people the chance to apply for a refinance under the HARP program .
If your loan is owned by Freddie Mac and you are refinancing through your current servicer , the expanded LTV ratios are available now .
If you are refinancing through another Freddie Mac lender , the expanded ratios will become available October 1st .
If your loan is owned by Fannie Mae you must use your current loan servicer to refinance your mortgage , but you must wait until September 1 , 2009 before you can take advantage of the expanded LTV program ( You must wait if your LTV is more than 105 % ) .
A Step In The Right Direction ?
Administration officials are confident that the new program requirements should help a lot of people , and the changes are crucial in helping continue the recovery .
Treasury Secretary Timothy F. Geithner said the move was “ a crucial step in our broader efforts to get America ’s housing market and economy on the path to recovery . ”
I ’m not as confident as they are that this will really help to improve things ( given the program ’s track record so far ) , but I really hope that they ’re right .
Want to find out more details about the program ?
Check out the government ’s website at http://www.makinghomeaffordable.gov/, and read our articles that we ’ve previously written on the topic :
Do you think that the expanded loan to value ratio will allow more homeowners to take advantage of the Home Affordable Refinance Program ( Will it help you ? ) ?
Will problems with the program being implemented by banks continue to plague HARP ?
What ’s your take on the program ?
We ’re interested on hearing your personal experience !
Research to be presented at the Annual Meeting of the Society for the Study of Ingestive Behavior ( SSIB ) , the foremost society for research into all aspects of eating and drinking behavior , shows that exposing rats to a context associated with eating chocolate activates a part of the brain 's reward system known as the orexin system .
This finding helps explain why eating can be triggered by environmental cues even in the absence of hunger .
The results have implications for the development of new drug treatments for overeating .
The rate of obesity continues to rise within the United States and abroad , and overconsumption of tasty food is an obvious culprit .
Little is known regarding how palatable foods affect the brain , but it seems that especially tasty foods elicit brain responses similar to those elicited by drugs of abuse such as cocaine and nicotine , pointing to a general involvement of the brain 's " reward " system .
A common factor may be activation of orexin neurons in the brain , which are recruited during of rewards such as a tasty food or a dose of cocaine .
" Our research program is focused on identifying brain systems that are activated by palatable food intake .
The hypothalamic orexin system is known to promote wakefulness and arousal ; however , it is now clear that this system also participates in the regulation of reward - related behaviors , including overconsumption of palatable foods , " says Derrick Choi , lead author .
Because reward anticipation is a contributing factor to relapse to drug use , Choi hypothesizes that orexin is an ideal candidate system that may underlie the rewarding aspects of eating highly palatable foods , which clearly can lead to obesity .
In their current study , the researchers trained rats to expect a piece of Hershey 's milk chocolate in a unique environment .
After training , rats were placed into the same environment , where no chocolate was present .
The researchers found that the expectation of chocolate alone activated brain orexin systems .
The results could explain why individuals tend to overeat in contexts associated with prior experiences of eating good food .
" It entirely possible that future treatments for obesity will involve a combination of lifestyle changes as well as pharmacological therapies aimed at orexin and other brain systems , to regulate food reward - related behaviors , " said Choi .
Source : Society for the Study of Ingestive Behavior
Explore further Brain chemical linked to alcohol desire
“ Servicio cercano , máxima disponibilidad , precios competitivos y lo más importante total compromiso con cliente " Fran Lopez Blanco Empresa AMEI
“ Llevamos mas de 13 años en Comvive y lo que mejor define a Comvive es que te puedes ir a dormir tranquilo porque hay gente que vigila tus máquinas igual o mejor que lo harías tu mismo no tiene precio . ”
Victor Lamas CEO Nvia
“ La experiencia nos ha demostrado que no hay nada mejor que disponer de proveedores de total confianza , teniendo la certeza de que te responderán con la mayor profesionalidad .
Por ello seguiremos confiando en Comvive y esperamos seguir creciendo con ellos . ”
Laura Guirao CTO
Nosolored
“ Comvive ha sido y es un pilar básico en nuestro negocio , no solo nos han servido el hosting , también nos han asesorado y ayudado a buscar las soluciones que necesitábamos en cada momento . ”
Alex García COO Ontecnia
“ Resolutivos , potentes y competentes . ”
Diego Marcos COO PayTPV
2019 Goshen County Schools Graduations
The Class of 2019 celebrates completion of their high school careers
<< Back to Introduction NEW - LASER HARP PLANS !!
BUILD YOUR OWN LASER HARP !
( and dazzle your friends )
Full parts list , circuit diagrams , schematics and source code are now avaliable for purchase in the online store ,
22 years of research
available now ...
Click Here For The Plans
Commercial laser show systems using a very fast moving mirror under computer control to bounce the laser light around very quickly .
Much quicker than the human eye can see .
The device that generates the signal that moves the mirror is called Digital to Analog Convertor ( DAC ) .
The first challenge in building a laser harp is to create this DAC system .
I chose an Arduino board to use as it supported all the key elements required for the harp : SPI interface - to connect to a DAC chip
Timer interrupts - to control the signal pattern we must output
Hardware interrupt pins - to react to signals coming back in from a sensor .
Serial output - to transmit the MIDI messages to the synthesizer .
Easy to program using the WIRING / C++ language
Good community support .
Inexpensive !!!
You can find out more about the Arduino here : www.arduino.cc
and you can buy them here , here , and here
The next thing we need is a DAC chip , similar to what you might find in a CD player .
Based on the work of this gentleman I chose the TLV5618 12 bit DAC , available here .
This chip supports the SPI interface , additionally requiring GND , 5V and a reference voltage .
I used a potential divider with a bypass capacitor to feed 2.048v into the reference input - which is where it should be , according to the Datasheet .
Wire up the Arduino pins as shown , this connects the hardware SPI interface to the TLV5618 .
You might want to add another bypass cap to the +5 v power supply just to keep things smooth .
R is 20 K , and C is a standard bypass cap 0.1 uF .
We are going to use the output from DAC A - this will be the input to the circuit on the next page .
THE CODE
The DAC is 12 bit , so we need to operate over a 0 - 4095 range .
We need to write a function that takes an integer value and sets the DAC to that output level .
// DAC Data Transfer
#define SLAVESELECT
10 // CS
#define DATAOUT 11 // DIN
#define SPICLOCK 13 // SCLK
First thing we need to do is configure the SPI interface correctly inside the Arduino .
This routine should be put inside the setup ( ) function : // Setup SPI Interface code BEGIN ///////////////////////////////////////////
byte clr ;
pinMode ( DATAOUT , OUTPUT ) ;
pinMode ( SPICLOCK, OUTPUT ) ;
pinMode ( SLAVESELECT,OUTPUT ) ; digitalWrite ( SLAVESELECT , HIGH ) ; //disable device
// The SPI control register ( SPCR ) has 8 bits , each of which control a particular SPI setting .
// SPCR
// | 7 | 6 | 5 | 4 | 3 | 2 | 1 | 0 |0000000000000000000
// | SPIE | SPE | DORD | MSTR | CPOL | CPHA | SPR1 | SPR0 | // SPIE - Enables the SPI interrupt when 1
// SPE - Enables the SPI when 1
// DORD - Sends data least Significant Bit First when 1 , most Significant
Bit first when 0
// MSTR - Sets the Arduino in master mode when 1 , slave mode when 0
// CPOL - Sets the data clock to be idle when high if set to 1 , idle when low if set to 0
// CPHA - Samples data on the falling edge of the data clock when 1 , rising edge when 0 '
// SPR1 and SPR0 - Sets the SPI speed , 00 is fastest ( 4MHz ) 11 is slowest ( 250KHz ) SPCR = ( 1<< SPE ) |( 1<< MSTR ) |( 1<< CPHA ) ;
clr=SPSR ;
clr=SPDR ;
delay ( 10 ) ; So now we can write a function SetVoltage ( int ) that will change the DAC output .
/////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////
// DAC SPI Interface
char spi_transfer ( volatile char data )
{
SPDR = data ; //
Start the transmission
while (!( SPSR & ( 1<< SPIF ) ) ) //
Wait the end of the transmission
{
} ;
return SPDR ; // return the received byte
} /////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////
//
Set the voltage on the 12bit DAC
byte SetVoltage ( short Voltage )
{
Voltage = Voltage | 32768 ; // Use DAC A
digitalWrite ( SLAVESELECT,LOW ) ;
//2 byte opcode -- for some reason we have to do this twice to make it stick with the TLV5618
spi_transfer ( Voltage >>8 ) ;
spi_transfer ( Voltage ) ; spi_transfer ( Voltage > > 8 ) ;
spi_transfer ( Voltage ) ; digitalWrite ( SLAVESELECT, HIGH ) ; //release chip , signal end transfer
} So now we can set voltage output from the DAC very quickly - this will come in handy later when we have to steer the laser beam .
If you do n't have access to an oscilloscope , then you might find this project difficult .
My first laser harp in 2005 was static and used this device to connect the electronics to a pc - it also operates as a 50 Khz oscilloscope .
The following image shows the output from the DAC - this is the waveform we need to create to drive the mirror and create the 10 beams .
Note - this shows a differential signal - the next section will show how you take the output of the DAC ( 0 - 5 v ) and create the signal shown above .
MIDI INTERFACE
Standard MIDI is really simple to implement on the Arduino - complete instructions can be found here
You need to wire in a DIN connector , and set the serial port interface to the MIDI rate 31250 bps .
Note - it 's actually possible to create a MIDI interface over the USB connector on the Arduino - direct to the PC .
I forget exactly where I got this information , but it 's worth showing here :
You will need to download the Roland to Serial to MIDI Driver from their website - sorry I do n't have the link offhand but I googled it fairly quickly .
Next , you will have to edit the FTDI drivers that come with arduino so that you can run the serial port at 31250 bps .
You will need to make a few changes to FTDIPORT.inf
Look for [ FtdiPort232.NT.HW.AddReg ] and change the the second line below to the one that i've got here .
HKR , , " ConfigData " , 1,11,00,3F,3F ,10,27,00,00,88,13,00,00 , C4,09,00,00 , E2,04,00,00 ,
71,02,00,00,38,41,00,00,9C,80,00,00,60,00,00,00,34,00,00,00,1A,00,00,00,0D,00,00
,00,06,40,00,00,03,80,00,00,00,00,00,00 , D0,80,00,00
This will map 38400 bps to 31250 which you need for MIDI communication .
Whenever windows thinks it 's running the port at 38400 , the driver will actually run it at 31250 .
Use Serial.begin( 31250 ) in your code .
Reinstall the arduino FTDI drivers , install the Roland drivers , and VOILA !
HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SYSTEM\CurrentControlSet\Enum\FTDIBUS\VID_0403+PID_6001+A400
1drJA\0000 \Device Parameters ]
" PortName " =" COM4 "
" PollingPeriod " =dword:00000000
" ConfigData " =hex : 11,00,3f,3f,10,27,00,00,88,13,00,00 , c4,09,00,00,e2,04,00,00 , \
71,02,00,00,38,41,00,00,9c,80,00,00,60,00,00,00,34,00,00,00,1a,00,00,00,0d , \
00,00,00,06,40,00,00,03,80,00,00,00,00,00,00,d0,80,00,00
" MinReadTimeout " =dword:00000000
" MinWriteTimeout " =dword:00000000
" LatencyTimer " =dword:00000010
If you are new to the Arduino then I suggest you try some of the simpler programming examples here Want to know more ?
get the full plans here ...
Questions ?
Send me a message here
Homomorphic Encryption Breakthrough
Last month , IBM made some pretty brash claims about homomorphic encryption and the future of security .
I hate to be the one to throw cold water on the whole thing — as cool as the new discovery is — but it ’s important to separate the theoretical from the practical .
Homomorphic cryptosystems are ones where mathematical operations on the ciphertext have regular effects on the plaintext .
A normal symmetric cipher — DES , AES , or whatever — is not homomorphic .
Assume you have a plaintext P , and you encrypt it with AES to get a corresponding ciphertext C. If you multiply that ciphertext by 2 , and then decrypt 2C , you get random gibberish instead of P .
If you got something else , like 2P , that would imply some pretty strong nonrandomness properties of AES and no one would trust its security .
The RSA algorithm is different .
Encrypt P to get C , multiply C by 2 , and then decrypt 2C — and you get 2P .
That ’s a homomorphism : perform some mathematical operation to the ciphertext , and that operation is reflected in the plaintext .
The RSA algorithm is homomorphic with respect to multiplication , something that has to be taken into account when evaluating the security of a security system that uses RSA .
This is n’t anything new .
RSA ’s homomorphism was known in the 1970s , and other algorithms that are homomorphic with respect to addition have been known since the 1980s .
But what has eluded cryptographers is a fully homomorphic cryptosystem : one that is homomorphic under both addition and multiplication and yet still secure .
And that ’s what IBM researcher Craig Gentry has discovered .
This is a bigger deal than might appear at first glance .
Any computation can be expressed as a Boolean circuit : a series of additions and multiplications .
Your computer consists of a zillion Boolean circuits , and you can run programs to do anything on your computer .
This algorithm means you can perform arbitrary computations on homomorphically encrypted data .
More concretely : if you encrypt data in a fully homomorphic cryptosystem , you can ship that encrypted data to an untrusted person and that person can perform arbitrary computations on that data without being able to decrypt the data itself .
Imagine what that would mean for cloud computing , or any outsourcing infrastructure : you no longer have to trust the outsourcer with the data .
Unfortunately — you knew that was coming , right ? —
Gentry ’s scheme is completely impractical .
It uses something called an ideal lattice as the basis for the encryption scheme , and both the size of the ciphertext and the complexity of the encryption and decryption operations grow enormously with the number of operations you need to perform on the ciphertext — and that number needs to be fixed in advance .
And converting a computer program , even a simple one , into a Boolean circuit requires an enormous number of operations .
These are n’t impracticalities that can be solved with some clever optimization techniques and a few turns of Moore ’s Law ; this is an inherent limitation in the algorithm .
In one article , Gentry estimates that performing a Google search with encrypted keywords — a perfectly reasonable simple application of this algorithm — would increase the amount of computing time by about a trillion .
Moore ’s law calculates that it would be 40 years before that homomorphic search would be as efficient as a search today , and I think he ’s being optimistic with even this most simple of examples .
Despite this , IBM ’s PR machine has been in overdrive about the discovery .
Its press release makes it sound like this new homomorphic scheme is going to rewrite the business of computing : not just cloud computing , but “ enabling filters to identify spam , even in encrypted email , or protection information contained in electronic medical records . ”
Maybe someday , but not in my lifetime .
This is not to take anything away anything from Gentry or his discovery .
Visions of a fully homomorphic cryptosystem have been dancing in cryptographers ’ heads for thirty years .
I never expected to see one .
It will be years before a sufficient number of cryptographers examine the algorithm that we can have any confidence that the scheme is secure , but — practicality be damned — this is an amazing piece of work .
Posted on July 9 , 2009 at 6:36 AM • 55 Comments
Having a targeted email list and utilizing efficient email marketing resembles owning a individual bank device … but just as long as you do it right .
The majority of people do n’t .
It is necessary to keep in mind , that I have actually run e-mail projects that have created thousands in commissions , and I have actually sent emails that stopped working to produce a single cent .
While it ’s not constantly foreseeable , there are things I have actually learned for many years that can produce more consistency between the 2 .
Now presuming you have actually done the foundation and matched your offer to the list , there are specific approaches you can do to increase your sales from each email .
It ’s naturally impossible to speak with each person separately .
While they get the email directly to their inbox and read it as if you sent it to one individual , you actually may be talking to tens and even numerous thousands of people at the same time .
The trick here is that we all have fundamental qualities that you must be “ speaking ” to .
Take advantage of these and watch your outcomes soar .
A while back I surveyed one of my lists and the following are principles I ’ve pulled from the exact words used by real paying clients .
Save Time : Most of us get a great deal of email , and it ’s safe to assume we have very busy lives .
The technique here is that we all MAKE time for the important things we want .
( like perhaps your marketing offer ! ) .
Here ’s how to tap into this sentiment .
Before sending your next promo , ask yourself …
Does the deal saves your client precious time ?
If so you must definitely describe how it does . “
Do you lose hours , on x , y , and z ?
Would you rather hang around on ( list more intriguing things ) .
Here ’s an deal that conserves you time by doing this , and letting you do ( the more fascinating things ) . ” .
Solve a Issue : .
Frustration is a big motivator !
Understanding your audiences greatest issues , and frustrations is the crucial to increasing your sales .
If you can legitimately use a service to help them solve a big issue , it ’s an easy sale .
Your only job then is to clearly describe and let them know how it does that .
Integrate it with the time technique above you have serious sales firepower . “
Are you wasting your time trying to fix this huge and frustrating issue ?
If that problem was gone , imagine how much easier your day would be .
The terrific feature of this ( insert product ) is the hours of time it saves and how it resolves xyz problem by doing this this and this .
Here ’s where you get can it now … ” .
Amuse : .
How many people take a seat each night and see TV for a minimum of an hour ?
Believe of all the numerous methods , and billions of dollars invested on entertainment .
It should be apparent that we like a little excitement and range in life .
Make certain your emails not only explain the item , however they are entertaining and interesting at the exact same time .
Tell stories , and paint photos .
If you can save time , solve a problem , and be amusing or amusing in the process .
Well golly gee you ’re going to be rich and popular at the exact same time ! “
Bahhh , Bahhh …
The animals mixed in line , one by one .
What a discouraging zoo this day has been .
Today I was standing in line at the coffeehouse .
I felt rather ridiculous simply waiting there , and began to fantasize .
When I suddenly thought of everybody bleating aloud like sheep .
I almost lost it chuckling in the middle of Starbucks .
Can you envision me , the insane person in line simply breaking out laughing .
Perhaps I really was insane .
Who wishes to stand around like sheep losing valuable time , for an overpriced cup of joe .
Back at home on the computer system , and truly sulking I got to believing .
There ’s got to be a better way .
After one creative Facebook post about the encounter and hours of feline videos later … Bingo … I stumbled onto this … ( affiliate link ) .
This awesome machine makes real Starbucks coffee right there on your countertop .
Get this … it does it in ten seconds at the push of a button .
What a relief .
I went to the shop and bought it on the area .
Think which line I WON ’T be in tomorrow .
If you do not wish to pay excessive , and waste time in line for a simple coffee than I extremely advise this very amazing immediate coffee maker .
You do not even need to leave your home to purchase it .
You can get it right here online …( link ) .
Now you ’ve got more time for feline videos like me !
Bahhh bye in the meantime ! ” .
Got it ?
Funny , story , amusing , conserve time , fix problem … immediate sale !
Talk to Feelings : .
Okay , I snuck this one in there on the previous example .
Unless you ’re a cyborg or something , you most likely have actually experienced more than your share of feelings in a life time .
Think what ?
They work excellent in story informing , and sales .
In the above story , I felt annoyed , silly , and laugh out loud pleased , and finally relief .
Oftentimes ours issues come along with extremely specific emotions .
Anger , aggravation , unhappiness , and so on .
With those issues solved , we experience the opposite .
Happy , relieved , satisfied .
When you feel these things , take note .
Include them into your marketing .
When you get paid from all your e-mail sales , be happy .
Develop Exclusivity :. Somewhere deep inside of us is a 5 years of age joking protruding their tongue and saying “ na na I got this and you donnnnn ’ t ” .
It ’s some kind of difficult coded sensation that we wish to be special unique flowers of exclusivity .
Envision you see an remarkable product of clothes at the shop , buy it , and are pleased .
Then the next day you are standing in line for coffee ( see what I did there hahaha ) … and actually EVERY single individual in line was using the exact same thing .
Well gosh you might feel a bit dissatisfied .
It ’s likewise the factor numerous iDevices are offered on the very first day , due to the fact that there ’s a minimal supply and you ’ll be one of the select few that has it initially .
Let ’s see how we may make this work .
As an affiliate you have actually limited effect on the exclusivity of the item you ’re promoting .
You can produce your own .
You can add perk , value , or service to the offer that Remains In limited unique supply .
Nobody else will get this valuable benefit offer however you , my valued customer .
Review Geminii :.
Geminii has been created to supply HUGE value on the front end and will give any novice access to the 3 crucial tools that EVERYONE requires when they start their online company .
These 3 essential tools are likewise included in the ONE TIME ONLY price that would otherwise cost you specific monthly costs .
The apps include :.-
Simple cloud based autoresponder to allow users to start with the hugely successful e-mail marketing service model .
Functions consist of the capability to submit their client lists via.csv , send limitless email newsletters . -
The Geminii email marketing tool box ; Increase your click rates utilizing Timers , Deficiency Bars and Purchase Buttons “ Inside ” your emails . -
Squeeze page developer with 2 adjustable templates totally hosted by us with the alternative to download all leads created . -
Training by zeeshan will show you how each specific app works and Jono will show you how all of the apps fit together and how to start driving traffic to your pages using Bing ads . - Premium List Building Profit Tools WITHOUT
Monthly Expenses - Conserve $ 1000s annually .- Maximize Your Email Profits & Conversions - Without any copywriting skills .- Your Own On - Demand Traffic Source - For limitless earnings potential .- Easily Start & Grow Lists
In Any Niche From Scratch - 100 % beginner friendly .-
Automate & Scale Your Income -
The very best passive earnings method in the world . - Develop Possibly Life - Changing Earnings
In Minutes Daily - Just by sending out an e-mail .
In recent decades , the US has had an ambiguous relationship with science .
In the abstract , scientists are considered trusted , valuable members of society , but when it comes to specific areas of science that the public is uncomfortable with ( such as evolution ) , a sizable fraction of the public is willing to believe that the scientific community is engaged in a nefarious plot to deceive them .
That strange gap in perception has n't gone away , based on results from surveys of scientists and the public performed by the Pew Research Center .
The details of the surveys can be obtained at the Pew website .
In short , the public and scientists were given partly overlapping surveys to gauge their perception of specific scientific issues .
The scientists were chosen from among the membership of the American Association for the Advancement of Science , with statistical weighting used to adjust for the fact that older members were more likely to respond .
Scientists were asked additional questions about the state of funding and research in their fields .
The public received a short quiz to test their knowledge of science .
Admiration does not equal agreement
When it comes to the public , there 's a clear trend : the more education you have , the better you know science , the more you value it , and the more likely you are to accept the findings of science on controversial subjects .
In the US , those with higher levels of education tend to earn more , and some minorities are still underrepresented at higher education levels ; as a result , these two demographic items also varied along with education , meaning that wealthier people tended to understand and appreciate science more , etc .
Overall , the public 's appreciation is substantial .
Eighty - four percent of the public thinks that science has had a positive impact on society , and that number cleared 90 percent among the demographic groups with the best knowledge of it .
Well over two - thirds say that investments in science and technology pay off in the long run , and support for continued funding of science remained stable even as economic worries have caused nearly every other funding option to lose support over the last eight years .
About 70 percent of the public thinks that scientists have a positive impact on society , behind only teachers and those serving in the military .
By way of contrast , only a third of the respondents said this about journalists .
But if scientists are pleased about being admired and trusted , they should be aware that scientific conclusions are n't held in such high regard .
Eighty - four percent of scientists consider the case for anthropogenic climate change to be on solid footing , and over 90 percent were either very or somewhat concerned about it ( the discrepancy arises from a those scientists who consider the current warming to be driven primarily by natural events ) .
This is especially striking given that geoscientists were the least represented scientific discipline in the survey , and acceptance of anthropogenic climate change is highest among climatologists .
In contrast , only about half of the public are convinced of the scientific community 's conclusions , and that drops to only 21 percent among those who self - identify as conservative Republicans .
Even among the most liberal fraction of the public , however , the numbers are lower than within the scientific community .
One reason for this is that only half of the public believes that the scientific community has itself reached agreement on these matters .
Similar gaps are apparent in other areas .
Scientists were nearly unanimous in supporting research involving stem cells and animals , and they want to see mandatory vaccinations ; but in every case , the numbers among scientists far outstripped the public 's support on these topics .
About 70 percent of the scientists wanted to see nuclear facilities being built , presumably as a method of limiting climate change — only half of the public does .
The scientific community also rates the completion of the human genome as its most significant achievement in recent decades ; that event has barely registered with the public .
If the scientific community were to collectively point a finger , it would likely be directed at the media .
Eighty - three percent of scientists rated TV coverage of scientific developments as " only fair " or worse , and three - quarters said that the press fails to distinguish between well - established and tentative results .
Newspapers did slightly better but , in general , scientists remain deeply unhappy with the media .
Science , politics , religion
An uneasy relationship between religion and evolutionary science was apparent in the results , but the situation appears to be extremely complex .
First , the easy part : 97 percent of the scientific community accepts that species have evolved ( some of these ascribe to a form of theistic evolution ) .
In contrast , nearly one - third of the public thinks that species have remained static since their creation .
It would be easy to chalk this up to a conflict between science and religion and , indeed , over half of the public feels there is a conflict between science and religion .
But only 36 percent actually said that science conflicts with their own religious beliefs , and evolution and origin of life issues only accounted for half of that total — things like stem cells , abortion , and cloning made up the rest .
The presence of a vocal crowd of atheists who say that science is incompatible with religion barely registered , with only four percent of the public agreeing .
But it 's clear that there 's a tremendous amount of confusion on the topic .
Only 60 percent of the public thinks that science has reached a consensus on its acceptance of the evidence for evolution ( 97 percent of scientists think so ) and half of those who think that species have n't evolved say that science does n't conflict with their religious beliefs .
The information gap is n't exclusive to science , either : 27 percent of Catholics think that species have n't evolved , even though their church has deemed evolution theologically acceptable and intellectually compelling .
About the only clear conclusion here is that a substantial fraction of the US public have no idea what 's going on in the scientific community .
There 's also a large partisan divide when it comes to science .
Nearly half of the respondents who described themselves as conservative Republicans felt that private money funds sufficient research , and they were the only group where less than half felt that government - funded research was essential to scientific progress .
The scientists , meanwhile , felt that funding from the National Institutes of Health and National Science foundation was critical to science .
That alone might be enough to explain the partisan divide , but there were some indications that the reasons run deeper .
Perhaps because of their experience with the NIH and NSF , significantly less than half of scientists think that government - run programs are typically inefficient .
Only 20 percent of scientists think businesses will act in the public interest , which is less than the public in general ; this may in part be a result of the tendency of pharmaceutical companies pushing questionable research .
In terms of recent events , over 85 percent of the scientific community is aware of accusations that the previous US administration stifled scientific research that ran counter to their desired policies , and the majority of them felt that the accusations were probably true .
Less than half of the public was even aware of these accusations .
Given the philosophical differences and the indications of actual antagonism , it 's no real surprise that only six percent of scientists self - identify as Republican ; given that " independent " levels are similar to the population at large , this means that scientists lean dramatically Democrat .
This is ironic , given that Democrats as a whole performed the worst on the test of basic scientific literacy .
The outlines of the survey results are in line with similar studies , although Pew has clearly provided a higher - resolution view of the gap between the public 's appreciation for scientists and its understanding of science .
What may be new is how large the gap has grown among the Republican constituency , in particular .
Political biases tend to be cyclical — the antievolution side in the Scopes trial was represented by a Democratic presidential candidate , after all — but the philosophical differences between the scientific community and the basic principles of the current version of the Republican party may be difficult to bridge .
Google to launch Flipper , magazine - style Google News
Google is currently working on what seems to be a rather neat and snazzy companion to Google News .
Testing has already begun for Flipper , basically Google News in a magazine layout and style .
The single screenshot disclosed by Google shows that Flipper is capable of taking a snapshot of a web page , and displays it in a diorama for the user .
It has been thought of as analogous to browsing through newspaper and magazine clippings .
Users will be able to refine searches through the use of keywords and search terms , and will also be able to browse the “ clippings ” by pre-defined categories , along with their staple “ Most Popular ” category .
While Google is scheduled to release Flipper in Google Labs soon , there is speculation that testing will be confined within the Googleplex , the Google main office .
Do not adjust your monitors : a Chinese government critic has won a court case against his ISP in Beijing for taking his website offline .
Economics professor
Hu Xingdou 's website was shut down by Beijing Xin Net for containing " illegal " content earlier this year , but a Daxing district court ruled last week that the ISP could not provide proof for its claims and ordered Xin Net to repay
Hu's service fees from the past two years .
Hu was apparently known for discussing government corruption and police brutality on his website — sensitive topics that have historically gotten the attention of Chinese Internet censors pretty quickly .
When
Hu wrote about China 's reeducation through labor system in March , however , Xin Net was apparently ordered from on high to close down Hu's website .
This series of events does n't sound particularly surprising given the government 's past actions when dealing with politically antagonistic bloggers , but Hu pushed back and sued Xin Net .
According to the ISP 's contract with users , it must first request that the content be taken down or changed before they shut down a website .
The Daxing court said that Xin Net could n't provide proof of illegal content and that it did n't adhere to its contract terms before removing
Hu's site , hence handing him the victory and a refund of about $ 201 for two years of service .
The court decision is the first of its kind with regard to Internet censorship in China , though it did not directly address the issue of free speech .
Such a decision is still significant , however , as it may help build a more solid precedent concerning online censorship .
" This means the internet will be regulated more through a set of clear rules and less with arbitrary , intransparent decisions , " Hu told the Financial Times .
" It is a warning sign to the internet surveillance authorities as well . "
Though we do n't expect to see China 's court system suddenly siding with censored bloggers , it 's encouraging to see this kind of progress being made .
The concept of " free speech " online is still a ways away when it comes to law enforcement in China , but baby steps towards a clearer set of rules will help define the relationship between ISPs , users , and the government .
iStockPhoto
Source : U.S. Census Bureau
In his new book , The Big Sort , Austin - based journalist Bill Bishop suggests that the increasing political divide among Americans is not just figurative but literal .
As the economy becomes more diversified , Bishop argues , and fewer economic sectors are tied to particular geographic locales , Americans can choose their place of residence for ideological reasons rather than economic ones .
They are increasingly likely , Bishop discovered , to choose to live in places where their neighbors share their opinions about politics .
As Andrew Gelman of Columbia University and I discovered recently , there is a direct relationship between increasing self - sorting and increasing polarization , particularly in Congress .
Fewer congressional districts are competitive , because Republicans can vacate Democratic - leaning districts to flee for Republican ones , and Democrats stuck in Mobile or Helena can migrate to bluer pastures .
Thus the congresspeople elected in these districts can tend safely toward extreme points of view rather than having to mollify a diverse constituency .
Although Bishop 's hypothesis about sorting is primarily concerned with migration at the local level among different neighborhoods within a particular city and among different cities within a particular metropolitan area it is worth asking whether these patterns are also manifesting themselves at the state level .
Within the past couple of years , of course , the country has undergone a somewhat dramatic shift toward the Democratic party .
An ABC News / Washington
Post poll conducted in April put the percentage of self - identified Republicans at just 21 percent nationwide , the lowest that number has been since 1983 .
Are blue states therefore gaining population and red states losing it ?
The short answer is no .
According to estimates by the Census Bureau , the nineteen states that voted for John Kerry in 2004 , along with the District of Columbia , gained a total of 822,440 people between 2007 and 2008 .
But the thirty - one states that voted for George W. Bush — which had roughly the same number of people to start the year — gained almost two million .
Perhaps the more interesting metric , however , is the migration of persons within the United States , ignoring those who move here from abroad and natural changes in population because of births and deaths .
Although red states are still gaining ground on blue states ( as you can see in the above chart ) , their momentum appears to be slowing .
Georgia , for instance , which gained a net of nearly 99,000 people due to domestic migration in 2007 , saw that number drop to below 57,000 last year .
Florida , which four years ago saw a net of more than 250,000 relocate to it from within the United States , actually experienced a net outflow last year to other states .
Meanwhile , California 's net loss was cut nearly in half ( from about 269,000 emigrants to other states to just over 144,000 ) and New York , which had lost almost 250,000 people to other states in 2005 , saw that number halved to 126,209 in 2008 .
Overall , the attrition in blue states fell by nearly 30 percent last year , from a total 760,426 people in 2007 to 534,610 in 2008 .
Not all the explanations for this have to involve politics .
For instance , as the Census Bureau reported in April , just 11.6 percent of Americans aged fifteen and over changed their primary place of residence in 2008 , marking the lowest rate the Census Bureau has ever recorded .
Although mobility rates have been declining for some time ( in part because of the graying of the population younger people move more than older people do ) , the stagnant economy and moribund housing market undoubtedly accentuated the trend .
It also may be , however , that people leaving blue states for red states are finding they are n't as happy as they expected to be .
Throughout 2008 , Gallup surveyed American adults in all fifty states on their health , well - being , and life satisfaction ; the project included more than 350,000 interviews in total .
Gallup asked people , among other things , whether they were happy or unhappy with the cities where they lived .
Source : Gallup
The good news is that most Americans about 85 percent are happy with their place of residence .
( See map , above . )
But the perplexing news is that there is n't any particularly strong correlation between a state 's population growth and its happiness levels .
The states growing at the fastest rates due to domestic migration since the 2000 census have been Nevada and Arizona .
Yet both states register slightly below - average satisfaction levels ( 83 percent and 84.4 percent , respectively ) .
Conversely , people are very happy in blue Minnesota nearly 90 percent of its residents like it although it has generally been losing ground to other states .
Even Hawaii , where 88.8 percent of people are happy , has had a net outflow of domestic migrants .
Nor do red states appear to be happier than blue states .
In the former ( states that voted for George W. Bush in 2004 ) , on average , 85.3 percent of people reported that they were satisfied with their place of residence , versus an average of 85.6 percent in blue states ( those that voted for Kerry ) .
As this is the first year that Gallup has conducted this survey , we can't compare these numbers against past trends .
But from an economist 's point of view , the data are suggestive , since it would be unusual to expect people to continue moving to states where they find themselves no happier than the ones they left .
Either way whether migration patterns are changing because of self - sorting or the slowed - down economy this has the potential to help Democrats in 2010 when electoral votes and congressional seats are reallocated based on the new census .
Blue states , as long expected , will still lose electoral votes to red states in 2010 , reflecting the gradual shift of the population southward and westward .
But the bleeding could be significantly less than many experts thought it would be .
Arizona , for example , which appeared nearly certain to gain two electoral votes , may now gain only one ; the same holds for Florida .
Texas , which seemed safely on track to gain four electoral votes , may now add just three .
Conversely , Pennsylvania and New York , which looked bound to lose two electoral votes each , will probably now drop by just one .
Illinois and Minnesota , with some luck , may avoid losing seats at all ; Oregon and Washington may each gain one .
The only bad news for Democrats is in Michigan , which has been hemorrhaging population at an extremely high rate because of its double - digit unemployment levels , and which might drop from seventeen electoral votes to fifteen if its economy does not show some improvement .
It may be that in tough economic times , people no longer have the luxury to move for reasons as whimsical as political ideology , instead sticking with states that do a better job of taking care of them .
The most profound difference in the Gallup survey between blue states and red states was in the provision of health care :
An average of 17.4 percent of people in red states reported that they were without health insurance versus 11.5 percent in blue states .
Blue - state residents were also considerably more likely to have visited a doctor and a dentist .
If red -state governors like Mark Sanford of South Carolina and Rick Perry of Texas make good on their threats to turn down economic stimulus money , making it harder for people to get back on their feet , they may find that they soon have fewer constituents to govern — and that they have cost the Republicans electoral votes come 2012 .
It may be , indeed , that in accordance with Bishop 's hypothesis , people 's geographic preferences are changing along with their political ones — they are literally voting with their feet .
runs the political Web siteFiveThirtyEight.com and is an analyst and writer for Baseball Prospectus .
RELATED LINKS :
NATE SILVER : [ link href= '
https://www.esquire.com/archive/features/data/0/10/' link_updater_label='internal_full']
Browse All of " The Data "
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
In the complex tango between movies and video games , Hollywood may be losing its lead .
Motion picture studios have had a penchant for adapting games into movies all the way back to 1993 ’s “ Super Mario Bros. , ” which starred Bob Hoskins as the mustachioed hero Mario and Dennis Hopper as the villainous King Koopa , with varying degrees of success .
But today at the giant Comic - Con International fan convention in San Diego , Microsoft Corp . and French game publisher Ubisoft Entertainment will unveil a series of short films based on their popular games Halo and Assassin ’s Creed that were made with no Hollywood involvement .
The projects represent the first time that game companies outside Japan have moved onto Hollywood ’s turf , even while several studios have been creeping on the territory of video games .
Warner Bros. recently bought Midway Games Inc. for $ 49 million , for instance , and Walt Disney Co. has become a major publisher .
Advertisement
Until now , game publishers have always handed over their properties to Hollywood studios , usually considered the experts at converting even the barest of concepts into screen entertainment .
Now that ’s changing .
“ This is not something we could have outsourced because it is part of the experience , ” said Yannis Mallat , the head of Ubisoft ’s Montreal studio that is making the Assassin ’s Creed films and an upcoming game sequel .
“ We are moving to a place where we produce movies and games because all those boundaries are blurring . ”
The blurring of the lines between the two industries comes at a time when they ’re directly competing for consumers ’ entertainment time and dollars .
Video game software sales last year totaled $ 11 billion in the U.S. , surpassing all spending on movie tickets .
Despite a recession - fueled slowdown in the business this year , gamers are spending even more time transfixed in front of their consoles , according to a recent study by Nielsen Media Research , drawing them away from television and other forms of media .
Advertisement
Hollywood will not be giving up its grip on many of the biggest video game brands soon , as evidenced by a deal this week for “ Spider - Man ” director Sam Raimi to make an adaptation of Blizzard Entertainment ’s Warcraft games .
Nor do game companies appear quite ready to assume the huge financial risks behind making big - budget event films that can compete with “ Transformers ” or “ Harry Potter . ”
But they ’re moving in that direction , motivated by a desire to maintain control of their most valuable assets -- and benefit in the event that they hit upon the next big movie franchise .
“ If you look at how George Lucas held on to ‘ Star Wars , ’ not just to make money from action figures but to control the direction the universe went in , you can see why we think it ’s pretty vital , ” said Frank O’Connor , creative director for 343 Industries , the Microsoft division that oversees all Halo products .
“ Luckily , Microsoft has the resources to enable us to do that . ”
Advertisement
Hollywood , after all , does n’t have a great track record when it comes to turning video games into movies .
“ Super Mario Bros . ” was the first of many big - screen flops based on video games , including 1999 ’s “ Wing Commander , ” 2005 ’s “ Doom ” and this year ’s “ Street Fighter : The Legend of Chun - Li . ”
Microsoft and Ubisoft are not the only companies wary of giving a movie studio control of their intellectual property .
Rockstar Games , publisher of the hugely popular Grand Theft Auto series , has rebuffed repeated entreaties by movie studios and producers .
“ It seems obvious to us that maintaining the long - term integrity of any entertainment property has been dependent on not making substandard spin - off products or ceding control to people whose primary interest is making a quick buck , ” said Dan Houser , Rockstar Games ’ vice president of creative .
Until now , the only game company that has produced a movie on its own was Square Enix of Japan .
In 2001 , it spent a reported $ 135 million to make the computer - animated “ Final Fantasy : The Spirits Within , ” a box - office dud that sold only $ 85 million worth of tickets worldwide .
In 2005 , the sequel was made for DVD , a true sign of scaled - down ambitions .
Advertisement
Microsoft is producing seven short films titled “ Halo Legends ” in the anime style .
Five production houses in Japan are handling the physical animation , but Microsoft ’s creative staff is approving major visual and storytelling decisions , O’Connor said .
Ubisoft is producing its shorts through subsidiary Hybride Technologies Inc. , a Montreal special - effects studio it acquired last spring that has created virtual backgrounds for films such as “ 300 , ” “ Spy Kids ” and “ Sin City . ”
It ’s now using the same technique for “ Assassin ’s Creed II : Lineage , ” three live - action films , 10 to 15 minutes in length each , that serve as a prologue for the Assassin ’s Creed II game that will be released in November .
Writers for both the films and the game worked together on the story , and many of the actors cast in the films also did voice - over and motion - capture work for their characters in the game , which tells the story of an assassin in Renaissance Italy .
“ We have much better connection with the game team than we ever did with a [ Hollywood ] studio , ” said Pierre Raymond , chief executive of Hybride , who oversaw production along with director Yves Simoneau .
“ But that means we are constantly inserting each other ’s ideas and pushing our luck timing - wise . ”
Advertisement
The game companies , however , still need Hollywood ’s distribution clout to get their short films in front of the public .
Microsoft has enlisted Warner Bros. to distribute “ Halo Legends ” on DVD and through digital platforms in early 2010 .
Ubisoft has n’t finalized distribution plans for “ Assassin ’s Creed ” but expects to release each of the short films separately before the game ’s Nov. 17 launch .
It remains to be seen how quickly other game publishers may follow suit .
But Ubisoft has made no secret of its intention to use Hybride for further film production .
One obvious candidate : a series of military games created by thriller novelist Tom Clancy .
Last year the company bought rights from the author to use the games in all media .
Several executives at Hollywood studios and production companies note that they have approached Ubisoft about acquiring movie rights to its game franchises , but have been uniformly shot down .
Mallat said that was no mistake .
Advertisement
“ There are many steps to go before Ubisoft is a producer of feature films or TV series , ” he said .
“ But who knows ?
It would make sense . ”
--
ben.fritz@latimes.com
SAN FRANCISCO ( Reuters ) - California ’s government risks a financial “ meltdown ” within 50 days in light of its weakening May revenues unless Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger and lawmakers quickly plug a $ 24.3 billion budget gap , the state ’s controller said on Wednesday .
The skyline of downtown Los Angeles is pictured at sunset in this March 3 , 2009 file photo .
REUTERS / Mario Anzuon / Files
Underscoring the severity of California ’s cash crisis , Controller John Chiang , who has previously warned the state ’s government risks running out of cash without a budget deal , said revenues in May fell by $ 1.14 billon , or 17.7 percent , from a year earlier .
Additionally , the revenues of the government of the most populous U.S. state fell short of estimates in Schwarzenegger ’s budget plan by $ 827 million , Chiang said .
He warned California ’s state government is speeding toward a financial disaster unless officials act urgently to balance its books .
“ Without immediate solutions from the governor and legislature , we are less than 50 days away from a meltdown of state government , ” Chiang said in a statement .
California ’s revenues have been on a dramatic slide as a result of recession , rising unemployment and its lengthy housing downturn .
The state ’s revenues from personal income taxes tumbled by 39.3 percent in May from a year earlier while revenues from corporate taxes fell by 52.1 percent and revenues from sales taxes sagged by 7.6 percent , according to a report released by Chiang ’s office .
“ A truly balanced budget is the only responsible way out of the worst cash crisis since the Great Depression , ” Chiang , a Democrat , said .
DUELING BUDGET CONCEPTS
Schwarzenegger , a Republican , has proposed filling the state ’s budget gap with deep spending cuts , borrowing from local governments and by scrapping some state programs , including its welfare program .
Democrats who control the legislature are crafting a rival budget plan that includes spending cuts and saves programs Schwarzenegger has proposed eliminating .
They instead would use reserves estimated in his budget to narrow the budget gap .
State Senate President Pro Tem Darrell Steinberg said on Tuesday he wants a budget agreement by the end of this month .
California ’s new fiscal year begins on July 1 .
The sooner the state has a budget the better poised it will be to raise short - term cash to fund its operations by selling revenue anticipation notes , or RANs , on the municipal debt market .
If pressed , California could sell revenue anticipation warrants , or RAWs , an idea floated by Schwarzenegger when he unveiled his budget plan last month .
But he quickly shelved it amid opposition from lawmakers .
“ No one wants to issue RAWs for our cash - flow borrowing , ” said Tom Dresslar , a spokesman for State Treasurer Bill Lockyer .
“ Everyone would prefer to issue RANs for the obvious reason :
It costs less . ”
Lockyer , a Democrat , supports a budget with the reserve Schwarzenegger has proposed .
That would increase confidence among investors that California has cash to pay the $ 7 billion to $ 9 billion in short - term debt notes that Lockyer ’s office assumes the state will need to sell , Dresslar said .
cryptogon.com news – analysis – conspiracies
July 11th , 2009
Via : Zombietime :
Forced abortions .
Mass sterilization .
A “ Planetary Regime ” with the power of life and death over American citizens .
The tyrannical fantasies of a madman ?
Or merely the opinions of the person now in control of science policy in the United States ?
Or both ?
These ideas ( among many other equally horrifying recommendations ) were put forth by John Holdren , whom Barack Obama has recently appointed Director of the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy , Assistant to the President for Science and Technology , and Co-Chair of the President ’s Council of Advisors on Science and Technology — informally known as the United States ’ Science Czar .
In a book Holdren co-authored in 1977 , the man now firmly in control of science policy in this country wrote that :
* Women could be forced to abort their pregnancies , whether they wanted to or not ;
* The population at large could be sterilized by infertility drugs intentionally put into the nation ’s drinking water or in food ;
* Single mothers and teen mothers should have their babies seized from them against their will and given away to other couples to raise ;
* People who “ contribute to social deterioration ” ( i.e. undesirables ) “ can be required by law to exercise reproductive responsibility ” — in other words , be compelled to have abortions or be sterilized .
* A transnational “ Planetary Regime ” should assume control of the global economy and also dictate the most intimate details of Americans ’ lives — using an armed international police force .
Impossible , you say ?
That must be an exaggeration or a hoax .
No one in their right mind would say such things .
Well , I hate to break the news to you , but it is no hoax , no exaggeration .
John Holdren really did say those things , and this report contains the proof .
Below you will find photographs , scans , and transcriptions of pages in the book Ecoscience , co-authored in 1977 by John Holdren and his close colleagues Paul Ehrlich and Anne Ehrlich .
The scans and photos are provided to supply conclusive evidence that the words attributed to Holdren are unaltered and accurately transcribed .
This report was originally inspired by this article in FrontPage magazine , which covers some of the same information given here .
But that article , although it contained many shocking quotes from John Holdren , failed to make much of an impact on public opinion .
Why not ?
Because , as I discovered when discussing the article with various friends , there was no proof that the quotes were accurate — so most folks ( even those opposed to Obama ’s policies ) doubted their veracity , because the statements seemed too inflammatory to be true .
In the modern era , it seems , journalists have lost all credibility , and so are presumed to be lying or exaggerating unless solid evidence is offered to back up the claims .
Well , this report contains that evidence .
Of course , Holdren wrote these things in the framework of a book he co-authored about what he imagined at the time ( late 1970s ) was an apocalyptic crisis facing mankind : overpopulation .
He felt extreme measures would be required to combat an extreme problem .
Whether or not you think this provides him a valid “ excuse ” for having descended into a totalitarian fantasy is up to you : personally , I do n’t think it ’s a valid excuse at all , since the crisis he was in a panic over was mostly in his imagination .
Totalitarian regimes and unhinged people almost always have what seems internally like a reasonable justification for actions which to the outside world seem incomprehensible .
Ethical hackers are claiming a $ 10,000 prize for successfully breaking into the webmail account of the chief exec of StrongWebmail after the firm issued a " hack us if you can " challenge .
StrongWebMail runs a callback verification system so that , in theory , even if someone obtains a user 's login details they can't read email from the account without also having access to the phone associated with a particular account .
Logins into StrongWebMail from previously unused machines need this secondary form of confirmation .
The US start - up was so confident of its claims that its Darren Berkovitz published his account name and password in laying down a $ 10 K challenge to hackers to break into his account and find out his schedule for 26 June .
StrongWebMail 's features include calendar and to - do lists as well as webmail .
Security researchers Lance James , Aviv Raff and Mike Bailey obtained the information and claimed their prize on Thursday .
StrongWebMail confirmed that the data obtained was correct , but are holding off in paying out the prize because they are yet to be convinced the Ruff and co stuck to competition rules .
The rules prohibit the use of social engineering trickery ( such as tricking or paying an insider to hand over account access ) .
The group of researchers maintain they played fair and used a cross - site scripting ( XSS ) vulnerability to access the target account after first registering an account of their own with the service .
The trio are withholding details out of concerns the same approach might be used to access other accounts without permission , and in line with competition rules .
James , Raff and Bailey demonstrated their attack on a test account set up with StrongWebMail by IDG .
But the compromise was possible only after the NoScript extension on the Firefox browser of the XP machine used in the test was disabled , IDG reports .
Hacking competitions such as the one established by StrongWebMail might make for good publicity but they do n't prove much .
Even if no one wins a particular challenge it does n't follow that a system is unhackable - just that it was n't broken this time around . ®
For details on comets or planets , visit the sungrazer pages
TITLE : Death Star Battles
CATEGORY : Java : Mind >
Strategy
AVERAGE RATING : 3.76 of 5.00 ( from 128 ratings )
CONTROLS : Click the buttons at the top to change the options and click start at the top left to begin .
Players take turns to chose the direction and power with which to aim their shot .
Click end turn to let the next player aim .
www.mammothgravitybattles.com
DESCRIPTION : ' Death Star Battles ' is a star wars themed strategy game , played out in turns .
You control one or more death star battle stations , by choosing the angle and power to aim your deadly shot with .
When fired your shots are effected by the gravity of the stars and planets around !
Play against the computer or up to 12 players , with many different game options .
Try the sequel " Mammoth Gravity Battles " , 3D gameplay , crazy weapons , story mode
www.mammothgravitybattles.com
TRY THESE OTHER GAMES :
Phage Wars
Castle Wars 2
Sonny
Phage Wars 2
Age of War
Offers of help are pouring in for an eight - year - old Liberian girl disowned by her own family in Phoenix , Arizona , after being raped by four boys .
The girl is under the care of the Arizona Child Protective Service ( CPS ) because her parents said she had shamed them , and they did not want her back .
Phoenix police said calls had come in from all over the US offering money , or even to adopt the young girl .
The boys , Liberian immigrants aged nine to 14 , have been charged with rape .
The case has sparked outrage across the US and even drawn condemnation from Liberian President Ellen Johnson - Sirleaf , an outspoken anti-rape campaigner .
" I think that family is wrong .
They should help that child who has been traumatised , " Mrs Johnson - Sirleaf told CNN .
" They too need serious counselling because clearly they are doing something , something that is no longer acceptable in our society here , " she added .
Brutal attack Media reports said the girl was lured into a shed on 16 July with promises of chewing gum by the four young boys .
There , they held her down and took turns assaulting her for 10 to 15 minutes , before her screams alerted officers nearby .
The oldest suspect , a 14 - year - old boy , will be tried as an adult on charges of kidnapping and sexual assault , police said on Friday .
He is being held in police custody until trial .
The other three - aged 9 , 10 , and 13 - are charged as juveniles with sexual assault and kidnapping .
But the police said no charges will be filed against the parents .
" They did n't abandon the child , " Phoenix police sergeant Andy Hill told AFP news agency .
" They committed no crime .
They just did n't support the child , which led to CPS coming over there . "
Sgt Hill said people from eight or nine US states had called wanting to adopt the girl or donate money .
" It has been unbelievably fantastic in terms of support for the child , " he said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Sewage works have not been repaired due to a lack of materials
Israel has authorised a one - off shipment of hundreds of tonnes of cement and building materials to the heavily embargoed Gaza Strip .
It is the first official transfer of such goods since Israel 's operation early this year in the coastal enclave .
Many Gazan buildings damaged during the offensive have not been rebuilt because of a shortage of building materials .
Officials told the BBC that a flour mill , as well as sewage , electricity and water facilities would be repaired .
A senior Israeli official said the 130,000 tonnes of cement was part of Israel 's " ongoing policy to support Gaza 's civilian population and to make sure humanitarian needs are met " .
One of the projects , he added , was the reconstruction of the flour mill in partnership with the UN 's relief agency for Palestinian refugees ( Unwra ) .
The shipment is part of a reconstruction plan drawn up by Robert Serry , the UN envoy to the Middle East , said Israel 's Haaretz newspaper .
' Civilians punished '
Gaza has been under a strict Israeli blockade since Hamas seized control in June 2007 .
Some basic foodstuff and medicine are allowed in .
Other items including cement , steel piping , fertilisers and cars are banned , and many others are restricted .
Israel says steel pipes and fertiliser can be used in the production of the rockets fired into Israel by Palestinian militants , while cement can be used to build rocket launch pads .
The stated aim of the blockade is to weaken Hamas 's leadership but aid agencies say it serves only to punish the civilian population .
UN officials have repeatedly urged Israel to end its blockade of the Hamas - controlled territory .
They say at least 40,000 tonnes of cement are needed just for schools in Gaza .
The opposition ' Green Movement ' want detained protesters released
About 20 Iranians detained during protests over the disputed presidential election will face trial next week , Iran 's state news agency has said .
It said they faced charges including bombings , carrying weapons and attacking security forces .
But a considerable number of detainees will be freed by Friday , Iranian media quoted the state prosecutor as saying .
And a prominent opposition campaigner , Saeed Hajjarian , is due to be released on Wednesday , the judiciary said .
President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , who was re-elected in last month 's poll that the opposition says was rigged , has reportedly ordered that all prisoners not accused of serious offences be freed by 7 August .
On Tuesday , officials said about 140 people detained during the protests were released from Evin prison .
But about 200 others , accused of more serious crimes , remained in the prison .
Toll raised
Officials also announced on Tuesday that 30 people were killed in clashes between opposition supporters and security forces - up from a previously stated figure of about 20 .
Opposition groups believe up to 100 people may have died , in the largest mass protests seen in Iran since the 1979 revolution which brought the current Islamic regime to power .
Officials also announced on Tuesday that 30 people were killed in clashes between opposition supporters and police - up from a previously stated figure of about 20 .
Mr Hajjarian , who survived an assassination attempt in 2000 , is a key member of a prominent reformist group and was an advisor to former reformist President , Mohammad Khatami .
Human Rights
Watch had called for his release on Tuesday , saying his life was in danger as his health had deteriorated during harsh treatment in the prison .
The opposition groups , led by presidential candidate Mir Hossein Mousavi , were planning a memorial event on Thursday to mark the end of the 40 - day mourning period for a number of protesters killed during the protests .
But the semi-official Fars news agency reported on Tuesday that the interior ministry had refused permission .
Infrared photography can capture some of the starkest and most emotive images possible .
Unfortunately , it can also look like complete rubbish if done wrong .
Along with this selection of infrared photos , there are also a few links to further tutorials and resources on infrared photography that you might find useful .
We hope you enjoy these remarkable infrared images
Renee Zernitsky
If you are suitably impressed and would like to learn a little more about infrared photography , then here are a few infrared photography tutorials to get you started on the road to producing some awesome photos .
Further Resources :
Inspiration :
Further Learning :
A lot of getting these kinds of images to pop is in the post - processing .
If you are looking for comprehensive “ Lightroom Tutorials ” in easy - to - follow Videos then take a look here .
Learn how to use Lightroom to “ Transform Your Images Into Powerful and Share - Worthy Works of Art . ”
I kid you not .
In September , 2008 , the Barr 2008 Presidential Campaign reported spending $ 18,691 on “ Limo Services ” .
That 's what Barr 's 2008 FEC reports say .
$ 18,691 is more than $ 600 a day .
Divide that by Barr 's total September fundraising , and you find that was 7 % of all funds raised .
Through the end of September , the Barr campaign had raised $ 1,106,681 , including the $ 252,383 raised in September .
That monthly total is about even with the $ 224,350 raised in August and the $ 259,041 raised in July .
Keep those numbers in mind as we head for the end of the campaigning season .
The past does not guarantee the future , but anyone who expected that the Barr campaign would raise $ 40 million knew their expectations were doomed .
By comparison , the Harry Browne 2000 campaign raised a total of 2.4 million dollars .
We are eight years later , eight years of inflation trimming the value of the dollar , and Barr was able to raise barely 40 % as much as Harry Browne did .
The Limo Spending ?
In alphabetical order , the $ 18,691 went to First Choice Limo .
Alternative Business Enterprises , Crystal Limousine , Inc. , Executive Three Enterprises , International Limousines , Lavdas Limousines , Luxury Limo , M&M Limousine
Service , Royal Legacy Limousine , and Town Car Executive .
Many of these firms have web pages .
You can confirm that they provide quality automotive services with professional drivers at quality prices .
There was also some effort at presenting the campaign to the public , namely
Charleston Gazette $ 1,001 … Advertising
There is an interesting match here .
$ 1001 was 0.4 % of the campaign budget , spent on real advertising .
That 0.4 % is the same as the 0.4 % of the vote that Barr was to receive in November .
Now , no one who knows the record will say that I am a Harry Browne apologist .
I am happy to say that by comparison with Barr 2008 the Browne 2000 campaign was a model of thrift and efficiency in advertising the Libertarian message .
Browne showed what might be done , Michael Badnarik continued in the same vein , and Barr 2008 failed to stand up to the bar .
To quote from my book ' Funding Liberty ' , on Browne 's 2000 video advertising , all done before YouTube :
“ The list of vendors shows where Browne 2000 put its actual effort for the campaigning year .
This was a video - based campaign , one of the first such in our Party 's history , with $ 150,000 going to Polaris Productions for TV ads , $ 104,000 to Copy Right for video tape copying … and $ 127,000 through The Firm Multimedia for air time and related support …
The Libertarian National Committee independently spent more than $ 209,000 on ad time for the Browne Campaign . ”
So where did the rest of Barr 's money go ?
A big chunk of change went to consultants .
For fundraising consulting , Robert Stuber received $ 12,000 .
The Badnarik 2008 campaign raised almost as much money as Barr did , and paid far less for it .
Then there were the political consultants .
Shane Cory $ 12000
Doug Bandow $ 10000
Steve Sinton $ 8000
Russ Verney $ 5485
PrimeOne Political Consulting 2500
Finally , there was money kept in the family .
$ 11,000 went to Barr 's own firm , Liberty Strategies , for Contract Services .
That 's over $ 60,000 for consultants and contract services , sixty times as much as went to traditional media for advertising .
Liberty Strategies is based in Atlanta .
According to its web pages at www.libertystrategies.org
Bob Barr is the Principal player at Liberty Strategies .
The Libertarian Party of Oregon newsletter identified Prime One Consulting as the consulting firm of long - time LPO Executive Director Richard Burke .
Burke has since been reported to be doing western - states organizing for Barr 2008 .
Shane Cory is the former Libertarian Party Executive Director , who was thanked on - stage by Bob Barr for his help with the Barr Campaign .
Barr did this in the moments after taking the nomination , so reference can only have been made to Cory 's work in helping Barr earn the nomination .
It remains to be learned what Cory did to be thanked .
The Wikipedia wrote of Bandow “ Douglas ( Doug ) Bandow is a former columnist with Copley News Service and former senior fellow at the Cato Institute .
He resigned in 2005 due a scandal involving payments for columns from lobbyist Jack Abramoff and wrote about it in the Los Angeles Times .
He served as a Special Assistant to President Ronald Reagan and as a Senior Policy Analyst in the 1980 Reagan for President campaign .
He is also a columnist for Antiwar.com . ”
Bandow is now a former columnist at AntiWar.com , or so I am assured .
As a hire for a Presidential political advisor , “ a scandal involving payments for columns from lobbyist Jack Abramoff ” is hardly a gold - standard recommendation .
A web search indicates that until January 2008 Robert Stuber was the Spotsylvania County Republican chairman .
Steve Sinton is according to the web a professional voice .
A Steve Sinton at approximately the address found in the FEC report ran for Congress in 2006 .
Field Consultants were paid considerably less than other consultants :
Stephen Gordon … $ 2500
Mike Ferguson … $ 2500
Ashley Petty … $ 3350
Jason Pye … $ 1164
Stephen Gordon was one of the people on - stage behind Barr in his acceptance event .
Third Party Watch claims Gordon was the eCampaign Manager for Barr 2008 .
Mike Ferguson was Barr 's National Field Director . ( source : mikefergusononline.com )
Ashley Petty 's LinkedIn page identified her as a Communications Assistant , etc . ” The Barr 2008 Flickr site said Jason Pye was “ our Campaign Blogger ” .
All told , that 's closing on $ 70,000 — more than 27 % of monthly income — for people .
The Browne 2000 campaign , which has been widely criticized for its inefficiency , actually paid associates only 17 % of income , a far lower amount , while its television advertising was 20 % of September income .
As seen above , Barr spent almost nothing on advertising .
The Staff had to be located someplace .
For the month Barr 2008 spent $ 15,789 in Rent and $ 7,077 for Office Equipment and Furniture .
That 's on top of all the furniture they paid for in past months .
You can see the Bob Barr furniture at http://www.flickr.com/photos/26574201@N07/page6/ .
We are not talking war surplus furniture here .
The office used supplies and telecoms .
Note in particular $ 2,580 for Office Supplies , $ 410 for Cell Phones , $ 351 for Cable , and $ 1696 for Telephone .
The campaign paid for printed and web outreach , including $ 6500 for Book Publishing to Equipity , $ 6302 to Thru Tech and Rack Space for Information Technology , and $ 2900 to Campaigner Pro for Software .
There is an interesting aside here .
Someplace in all the computers and information technology is a list of Bob Barr 's donors .
In the history of our party , every Presidential candidate except one has shared that list of donors with the party .
Some did it at campaign 's end .
One took a few months afterward .
I had planned to do it on a weekly basis with our state parties .
Barr is the one .
Barr has refused to share his name lists with the Libertarian Party .
That 's an entire Presidential Campaign cycle down the drain for growing our Libertarian Party .
Direct mail was an important part of the Barr campaign .
Richard Viguerie led the way in demonstrating that direct mail actually has two uses .
First and less important , it raises money .
Second and far more important , readers of direct mail have their political thinking framed by their direct mail letters .
Direct mail expenses of the Barr campaign during September came to $ 41,962 , with payments including Press Well Services $ 16,264 , Gillis Express Mailing $ 14,183 , Schlesman Enterprises $ 9,428 , AKA Printing $ 2,086 , and Hudson Phillips , $ 450 for Graphic Design .
Basic Media , Inc and Diener Consultants rented mailing lists to the campaign , for a total cost of $ 4400 .
These firms both appear to be right wing and Ron Paul list suppliers .
The Washington Times ( www.washingtontimes.com/news/2006/jul/19/20060719-114206-4187r/) wrote “ Diener Consulting Inc. , whose president is Phil Sheldon , son of the Rev. Louis P. Sheldon , head of the Traditional Values Coalition .
Diener serves as the Minuteman Civil Defense Corps public - relations arm , as it did for Mr. Keyes in his unsuccessful 1996 and 2000 presidential campaigns and failed U.S. Senate races in Maryland and Illinois . ”
Agence Global http://www.agenceglobal.com/article.asp?id=1006 reports that Diener Consultants is “ one of the largest fundraising and political - strategy operations on the right ” .
Barr 's PAC has had prior ties to the far right Minuteman group .
Alan Keyes is as far to the right in American politics as you can get , at least and be a marginally credible Republican politician .
http://thisnovember5th.wordpress.com/2008/02/11/breakthematrixcom-take-back-the-media/ asserts that Basic Media , Inc. is apparently loosely associated with BreakTheMatrix.com , an anti-Federal - Reserve - Ron Paul - Constitutionalist video site .
Many libertarians wish our party had an opening to the left .
If you wanted a libertarian opening to the left , try again in four years .
To its credit , the campaign did have a ballot access and legal defense effort .
Legal Fees for $ 14,582 were paid to Orrin Grover , Matthew Sawyer , Drew Shirley , and Samuel Stretton .
Mike Ferguson and Jake Witmer were paid $ 5021 for Ballot Access , that number including $ 200 to Witmer for legal fees .
Compliance Consulting went for $ 1750 , while $ 978 was spent on Court Transcripts .
The Barr campaign did produce signs and bumperstickers .
For September , expenses included $ 16,348 to Signs by Tomorrow , $ 4,956 to Bumpersticker.com , and $ 3,008 to Promotions Direct .
As a possible part of the distribution effort , note $ 4418 to All Points Packaging & Distribution for order fulfillment , as well as $ 6414 for Postage and $ 988 to Fedex .
Last and hardly least , those Limos had associated travel costs .
Payments to various airlines and hotels came to $ 27,696 .
There were $ 1687 in meeting expenses .
In summary , Barr 's FEC reports for September 2009 show a campaign that had gone badly astray from the orthodox political objective of putting your candidate and his opinions in front of the public .
Today in the southern West Bank 's Hebron District a heavily armed group
of Israeli settlers broke into the Halhoul Village Mosque and began
performing Jewish religious services .
Official Palestinian sources in the town told PNN on Thursday that the Israeli settlers carried machine guns and other weapons while overtaking the mosque for a half hour of Jewish prayer .
Israeli soldiers occupying the area guarded the northern Hebron 's mosque on behalf of the settlers .
Halhoul 's Mayor , Dr. Ziyad Abu Youssef , said that this is not new , unfortunately , as Israeli settlers are taking to storming mosques with soldiers to guard them .
" This is a direct assault on the sanctity of our mosques , our religion , our land and all Muslims , " the Mayor said this afternoon .
Also on Thursday Israeli forces invaded the southern Hebron town of Yatta .
The southern West Bank raid led to the arrest of 22 year old Ayman Houcher after Israeli forces broke into his father Kamal Houcher 's Wadi Zeitoun neighborhood home near the Yatta Municipal Building .
Hebron 's Palestinian Joint Operations Security team issued details Thursday afternoon .
Israeli soldiers burst into the family home , conducted an invasive search , and took Ayman to an unknown location .
* this article was reprinted from the Palestine News Network
The world 's number one online destination — still the main Yahoo front page — is slowly rolling out the major redesign that was first discussed last fall .
US users should start seeing an option to opt-in to the new design when logging in today , while Yahoo will begin rolling out the refresh in France , India , and the UK later in the week .
Yahoo's senior vice president of Integrated Consumer Experiences , Tapan Bhat , is already patting himself on the back , calling the new design " the most fundamental change to the homepage ever . "
We took it for a brief test - drive to see if it lives up to the hype .
The front page has gained a few customization features , similar to the My Yahoo page .
" We want to be the center of people 's lives online and want to do it in an open , innovative way , all while providing a compelling experience , " Bhat told All Things Digital in an interview yesterday .
" It marks the beginning of a renaissance of Yahoo , a renaissance where every pixel matters . "
You can edit your My Favorites bar , adding up to 3 columns of 12 widgets — though only one column is viewable at a time .
Also , the order of the widgets can be re-arranged , except for Yahoo Sites and Yahoo Mail , which are always in the top two slots .
The biggest change to the design is a sort of toolbar on the left hand side called " My Favorites . "
Users can customize this with up to 36 widgets , which they can customize to gain quick access to things like e-mail , stock quotes , or even third - party sites such as Facebook .
Yahoo even includes the ability for users to create their own widgets by clipping an area out of any webpage , similar to a feature in Safari that allows Mac OS X users to create Dashboard widgets from websites .
That will combine with content from the current design , such as top news stories , searches , and hot trends .
Bhat explains that the idea is to combine elements of " my world " with " the world , " given the user options to customize both types of content .
" We wanted to provide broadcast and narrowcast in one place , " Bhat said .
Yahoo also plans to add syncing with mobile devices , as well , making the whole experience accessible from the desktop or on the go .
In our quick run-through , it does n't appear that the new design , code - named " Metro , " was quite ready to be pulled out of the oven .
While the top news stories , searches , and " what 's hot " areas work fine , just as they did in the previous design , I could n't find any way to add the promised custom widget functionality .
Further , I added Ars Technica as a favorite site ( naturally ) , though it was only able to display content in the pop - out box in one out of five tries .
Facebook and Flickr were examples of problem widgets , suggesting the problem is n't just connecting to external websites .
Other problems occurred with the supplied widgets .
Despite making the round - trip to Facebook three times , and verifying that it was authorized to connect to my account , Yahoo continued to report that it was n't authorized .
I tried using the Flickr widget a half - dozen times , and it reported problems connecting to the service .
And some of the widgets , like Games and Maps , inexplicably offered no pop-out .
And , frankly , the hover behavior for popping out the widgets needs some improvement , as mousing over the My Favorites quickly became an exercise in frustration as widgets randomly popped up and got in the way .
A status update feature designed to integrate into social networks is included , and it is accessed by clicking just to the right of your username in the upper - right corner .
Users of Yahoo Connect and presumably Yahoo IM can see these status updates , and it can also update your Facebook and MySpace status as well — assuming you can get it to work .
However , it inexplicably cannot update your Twitter status , despite the service having an open API and the ability to connect to other Web services using OAuth .
The " Movies " widget did pull my location from my profile , showing me relevant movie times for nearby theaters .
The new look is certainly cleaner than the old front page , and feels " fresher . "
And while tweaking what few options are available is fairly straightforward , it frankly seems like a less - than My Yahoo .
It 's certain that Yahoo will be working to iron out some issues before the new design becomes the default , though our initial impression is that it looks neat but needs some work before it 's ready for the some 330 million unique users that visit every month .
We 'll reserve final judgment until the new design is ready for full - time deployment .
Further Reading :
This is a refrain I ’m hearing a lot from religious apologists – atheism is a religion .
Also its equally fallacious siblings , science is a religion and evolution is a religion .
It ’s a sign of their desperation that the best argument they have is not that atheism is wrong , or that god does exist ( supported by evidence of course ) , but that atheism is a religion too .
A strange argument for a religious person to make on the face of it .
Is it supposed to strengthen the atheist ’s position or weaken the theist ’s one ?
In reality it ’s a sign they have run out of arguments .
Still , this argument is widely made , and so it needs to be addressed .
Atheism ( and here I mean the so - called “ weak atheism ” that does not claim proof that god does not exist ) , is just the lack of god - belief – nothing more and nothing less .
And as someone once said , if atheism is a religion , not collecting stamps is a hobby .
That really ought to end the discussion right there .
Clearly , a mere lack of belief in something cannot be a religion .
In addition , atheism has no sacred texts , no tenets , no ceremonies .
Even theists making this argument must know all that .
So they must have something else in mind when they trot this one out , but what is it ?
What are they really thinking ?
Well , if you look at various definitions of religion , the only things that could possibly apply to atheism would be something like this :
6 . Something one believes in and follows devotedly
or this :
4 . A cause , principle , or activity pursued with zeal or conscientious devotion .
Obviously I do n’t know if that ’s what they mean – I do n’t read minds .
But I ca n’t see what else it could be .
They must be referring to certain activities of atheists – writing books and blogs , financing bus ads , joining atheist groups , etc .
They think atheists are “ religious in their atheism ” as one person put it to me – the word “ religious ” being used here colloquially to mean something felt very strongly , or followed enthusiastically .
But this definition of religion is so broad that virtually anything people enjoy doing very much , or follow strongly or obsessively , is a religion .
It ’s a definition of religion that is so broad that it ’s meaningless .
In reality , most of the things that people follow enthusiastically , are just hobbies .
And ironically , although not collecting stamps is not a hobby , getting involved in atheist activities ( writing books and blogs , attending atheist meetings ) might well be a hobby for some people .
But it is a hobby , not a religion .
What Is Religion ?
I ’m sure that argument wo n’t convince all theists to abandon this rhetorical trope they love so much .
To really address the argument , we have to define religion , and then see if atheism fits the definition .
While I do n’t think I can define religion completely , I think I can state the minimum that religion has to have to still be a religion .
And it seems to me that there is one thing at least that is common to all religions .
It ’s this .
In my view , religion at a minimum , has to have the following characteristic :
Religion must include something you have to accept on faith – that is , without evidence commensurate with the extraordinary nature of the belief .
Most religions will include other things too , but they must require faith .
Of course , not all things that require faith are religions , but all religions must require faith .
The minimum definition covers all the religions I ’m familiar with .
For example , it includes any religion that involves belief in god or gods – something you have to believe in without evidence .
Christianity , Judaism , Islam , Hinduism … all require you to believe in god or gods as a minimum , without evidence .
The minimum definition would also include religions that do n’t require belief in god , but require faith in other things .
For example , I believe it would include Buddhism , which ( for example ) includes the belief that living beings go through a succession of lifetimes and rebirth .
It would also include Scientology – no evidence for Xenu , that I ’m aware of .
Maybe you can think of some actual religions that would be excluded , but I have n’t been able to so far .
So religion requires belief without evidence .
And by that definition atheism cannot possibly be a religion because atheists do not have to believe in anything to be an atheist – either with or without evidence .
QED .
Now , some religious people may say , “ but that ’s not my definition of religion ” .
To which I say , OK , then give me your definition .
Give me your definition of religion , that does n’t require belief without evidence , that includes your religion , the others I named , and atheism .
And it needs to be better than the two dictionary definitions I cited above .
Give me that definition .
Because here ’s the thing .
The problems I have with religions are :
They are not based on fact or on any reasonable evidence commensurate with the claims they make .
In many cases , the claims they make are plainly absurd and are actually contradicted by the evidence .
Religious proponents demand respect , and adherence to their delusions by others .
This despite ( 1 ) above .
Those are the aspects of religion that I object to .
Clearly atheism does n’t fit 1 ( or 2 ) above , so it is nothing like any of the religions I object to .
If your religion does not require belief without faith , then I probably would n’t have a problem with it .
Assuming , of course , all the tenets of your religion are actually backed up by evidence extraordinary enough for the extraordinary claims your religion makes .
But they never do .
In my view , theists will have their work cut out to deny this minimum requirement for religion .
Come on – they even refer to their religion as “ my faith ” .
Evidence and Extraordinary Evidence
Some religious people will claim that their religious beliefs are backed by evidence .
This is where it gets tricky , because many religious people genuinely believe their religion is rational and backed by evidence .
For example , one Christian I debated cited that the evidence Christianity was real , was ( and I quote ) , “ the resurrection of Christ ” .
Of course , the resurrection of Christ , if it had actually happened , would be pretty good evidence for Christianity .
But , unfortunately , there is no good evidence for the resurrection .
Certainly , nothing close to the extraordinary evidence we would need to accept this extraordinary claim .
Extraordinary Claims
This needs explaining in more detail .
Why do extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence ?
Well , all claims require exactly the same amount of evidence , it ’s just that most " ordinary " claims are already backed by extraordinary evidence that you do n’t think about .
When we say “ extraordinary claims ” , what we actually mean are claims that do not already have evidence supporting them , or sometimes claims that have extraordinary evidence against them .
Extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence because they usually contradict claims that are backed by extraordinary evidence .
So why is Jesus ’ resurrection an extraordinary claim , and why is the Bible not extraordinary evidence for it ?
Well , the resurrection goes against all the evidence we have that people do not come back to life , spontaneously , after two days of being dead .
Modern medicine can bring people back from what would have been considered in earlier years to be “ dead ” , but not after 2 days of being dead with no modern life support to keep the vital organs working .
In fact , it is probably reasonably safe to say it has been proven beyond a reasonable doubt that people cannot come back to life after being dead for two days without modern life support .
So , extraordinary claim it is .
On the other hand , the evidence we are offered in support of this extraordinary claim consists only of accounts written decades after the event , by people who were not there when the events described were purported to have occurred .
We are offered nothing but hearsay anecdotes from superstitious people with a clear reason for wanting others to think the story true .
This is hardly acceptable evidence to counteract the fact that this never happens .
Christians might ask , what evidence would an atheist accept for such an extraordinary claim ?
And in reality , it is hard to imagine that there could possibly be any evidence good enough for us to accept the resurrection as true .
Christians may claim that this is unfair , or that we are closed minded , but the fact that you are unlikely to find extraordinary evidence for this event 2,000 years after the fact , is hardly the non-believer ’s fault .
The real question , considering the weakness of the evidence , and the wildly extraordinary nature of the claim , is why would anyone believe any of it in the first place ?
The truth is , they accept it on faith .
In fact , the acceptance of this story on faith alone is usually considered to be essential to the true believer .
And although that was just Christianity , the same lack of evidence , and belief based on faith alone , applies to the claims of all the other religions that I ’m familiar with .
Religions require belief in extraordinary claims without anything close to the extraordinary evidence that is required .
Atheism requires no belief in anything .
The contrast could n’t be clearer .
But the believer has one final shot – one last desperate rhetorical item to fling at the atheist .
Here we go .
More Faith To Be An Atheist ?
The final argument many religious apologists throw into the mix is it takes more faith to be an atheist than it does to believe in god .
That certainly took me by surprise the first time I heard it .
I think what they ’re trying to say is this .
Atheists think matter just appeared out of nowhere , that something came out of nothing .
But where did the matter come from ?
To think that matter appeared out of nowhere requires more faith than to think a creator made everything .
Why is there something rather than nothing ?
To think that matter just appeared by itself , requires faith .
Atheists do n’t think matter came out of nowhere .
Atheists say we do n’t know where matter came from ; we do n’t know why there is something rather than nothing .
Maybe one day we ’ll know , or maybe we wo n’t .
But we do n’t know now .
Theists are exactly the same .
They do n’t know either , but the difference is they make up an explanation ( god ) .
But it ’s just a made up explanation – they have no reason to suppose it ’s true , other than that they just like it .
And it ’s a useless explanation .
Unless they know something about this “ God ” – how he created everything ; why he created it ; what he ’s likely to do next - it ’s a lack of an explanation .
It ’s just a placeholder until a real explanation comes along .
Except that the theist wo n’t be open to the real explanation when and if science is able to provide one .
The god placeholder prevents investigation into any real tentative explanations .
The theist who says god created everything , is the one with the faith – faith that “ god ” is the explanation and that no other is possible .
The atheist is content to say “ we do n’t know ” .
For now , anyway .
And it ’s obvious that saying “ we do n’t know , ” requires no faith .
That may be a hard thing to do for people who want all the answers , but it certainly is n’t religion .
One last thing .
Some theists have responded to the “ if atheism is a religion , not collecting stamps is a hobby ” argument by pointing out that non stamp collectors ( aphilatelists ? ) do n’t write books or blogs about not collecting stamps , do n’t post anti stamp collecting ads on buses , do n't ridicule stamp collectors , etc .
This is meant to demonstrate that the “ stamp collecting ” analogy is weak .
It actually demonstrates that the analogy is very good , since it highlights one of the main problems atheists have with many religious people .
Here ’s the thing they are missing , and the real problem most atheists have with religion .
If stamp collectors demanded that people who do n’t collect stamps obey their stamp collecting rules , started wars with groups who collected slightly different types of stamps , denied non-stamp collectors rights or discriminated against them , bullied them in school , claimed you had to collect stamps to be a suitable person to run for public office , tried to get stamp collecting taught in schools as science in opposition to real science , demanded that people be killed for printing cartoons that made fun of stamp collectors , claimed that non-stamp collectors lacked moral judgment , made up ridiculous straw man positions they claimed non-stamp collectors took , and then argued against those straw men positions etc etc , - then non-stamp collectors probably would criticize stamp collectors in the way atheists criticize many religious people .
And with good reason .
Not collecting stamps would still not be a hobby .
Or a religion .
Let 's go back to earnings .
We 're not going to second - guess the way investors react to an earnings report , since that 's a fool 's game , and some news really is baked in .
In other words , we 're not going to say it 's silly that Caterpillar is up today , despite it 's horrendous number .
That being said , we can second - guess the media , which is kind of banging on this signs - of - stabilization - green - shoots drum again , with respect to earnings .
The problem is , earnings are crap .
The Pragmatic Capitalist takes a look at a few biggies :
Coke ( KO ) - $ 8.27 B in revenues vs estimates of $ 8.66 B .
A $ 400 MM MISS .
Caterpillar ( CAT ) - $ 7.98 B in revenues vs estimates of $ 8.86 B .
Nearly a $ 1B MISS .
DuPont ( DD ) - $ 7B in revenues vs estimates of $ 7.15B .
A $ 150 MM MISS .
United Technologies ( UTX ) - $ 13.2B vs estimates of $ 13.92B .
A $ 700 MM MISS .
PragCap adds :
I can’t ever remember a market where investors turned such a blind eye to top line growth .
It ’s truly astonishing .
These are phenomenally bad revenue figures .
There is just no two ways around it .
This trend of rising stock prices on poor underlying earnings cannot and will not last .
It is odd .
The top line shows the true pace of business contraction .
Any bottom line stabilization is the result of cost cuts , which are great short - term for shareholders , but do n't constitute green shoots in any meaningful sense .
.
Almost everyone 's pension and savings now pass through the offshore havens that have sprung up since the 1960s .
These offshore havens are highly secretive and encourage wealthy individuals and transnational corporations to avoid paying taxes in the countries in which they live and operate .
All over the world , the press and regulators frequently report that the offshore havens are associated with money laundering , drug trafficking , smuggling , tax evasion and other forms of organized crimes .
Many of these havens are UK Crown Dependencies .
Successive British governments have turned a blind eye to the affairs of the
BAGRAM AIR BASE , Afghanistan 
A sweeping United States military review calls for overhauling the troubled American - run prison here as well as the entire Afghan jail and judicial systems , a reaction to worries that abuses and militant recruiting within the prisons are helping to strengthen the Taliban .
In a further sign of high - level concern over detention practices , Adm .
Mike Mullen , the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , sent a confidential message last week to all of the military service chiefs and senior field commanders asking them to redouble their efforts to alert troops to the importance of treating detainees properly .
The prison at this air base north of Kabul has become an ominous symbol for Afghans  a place where harsh interrogation methods and sleep deprivation were used routinely in its early years , and where two Afghan detainees died in 2002 after being beaten by American soldiers and hung by their arms from the ceiling of isolation cells .
Bagram also became a holding site for terrorism suspects captured outside Afghanistan and Iraq .
But even as treatment at Bagram improved in recent years , conditions worsened in the larger Afghan - run prison network , which houses more than 15,000 detainees at three dozen overcrowded and often violent sites .
The country ’s deeply flawed judicial system affords prisoners virtually no legal protections , human rights advocates say .
For generations , hundreds of thousands of pupils have spent the end of the school year in gymnasiums scrawling answers to the sound of the ticking clock .
And every summer they have endured a nerve - wracking two - month wait for their results .
Exams have been a rite of passage for millions , but within a decade they could be consigned to history , according to one of the most senior figures in the system .
Simon Lebus , chief executive of Cambridge Assessment , said that traditional examinations are likely to disappear within 10 to 15 years , to be replaced by computerised testing .
Instead of three - hour written exams , there will be continual e-assessment throughout pupils ' courses .
Exam boards are investing millions of pounds in developing the technology – and , Lebus claimed , it 's not " science fiction " .
He said : " The likelihood is that in the next 10 to 15 years it will change almost out of recognition in that by the end of that period of time you 'll be able to do exams more or less on demand , on screen .
" You can make the learning more valid and the technology can enhance the way people engage in the subject .
It 's very expensive , complex stuff to do .
But it is achievable .
It 's not a vision based on a sort of science - fiction type fantasy . "
Lebus , a former investment banker , has since 2002 headed Cambridge Assessment – a department of Cambridge University and the umbrella organisation for international exam boards including OCR , one of the three operating in England .
He said that traditional - style exams would still be available for those who preferred them , but the new system would benefit students who are exam - phobic .
" There are some people obviously who get very frightened by exams or could n't for other reasons do them well .
They would be well suited to an environment where there were no exams . "
Originally A - levels were assessed in one set of exams at the end of a two - year course .
Nine years ago Curriculum 2000 was introduced , when pupils were allowed to " cash in " their courses as AS levels at the end of the first year .
In September GCSEs will follow this model , with pupils allowed to retake courses to improve their marks .
The computerised world that Lebus envisions would go further down that route , allowing pupils to take tests when they are ready .
As they complete tasks online their progress would be monitored and tracked without them having to take tests .
It could involve " adaptive " testing , which would generate harder questions when a pupil gets an answer right or easier ones when they are wrong .
Such tests are thought to be more accurate at diagnosing a pupil 's level of skill .
OCR has piloted a fully e-assessed GCSE in environmental and land - based science since 2007 .
This summer 1,800 candidates at 80 schools and colleges will take it .
The moves are part of a global shift towards computerised assessments .
The US is leading the way with multiple choice and computer marking , while South Korea is rapidly developing new e-assessment models .
Denmark is piloting the use of the internet during some essay - based exams , seen as the equivalent of the move to allow calculators in maths exams .
Some academics warn against the shift .
Alan Smithers , professor of education at Buckingham University , said : " Making judgments about performance is n't easy .
The best way of doing it is dispassionate assessment of students tackling the same tasks under the same conditions . "
Dylan Wiliam , a leading exam expert at the Institute of Education , University of London , said : " There is no doubt that you could have a completely wired - up classroom where every keystroke will count towards an assessment .
But that is too horrible to contemplate , the idea that students are under pressure all the time .
We need a culture where kids can make mistakes without being penalised . "
But John Dunford , general secretary of the Association of School and College Leaders , said : " Too many people believe that the only legitimate examinations are the ones they took at school many years earlier .
The world moves on and assessment should move on too . "
Ely 's Diary : An Extraordinary Day In The Life Of A Tehrani
By Elham Ahmadi , Tehran , RFE /RL
I woke up with a splitting headache this morning as the sounds of honking cars , loud explosions , and screams and chants of last night were still echoing in my head .
After sipping a dark coffee I headed toward the newspaper where I work .
To my surprise , the editor asked all ladies to leave the premises and not to come back to work until the situation calmed down .
The secret police and " Ministry of Information Militia " have warned all journalists and anybody who works in newspapers that their lives are in their own hands .
So the editors and the managers did n't want to take any risks and they respectfully asked all female employees to leave .
It seems that the " modernizing traditional " society of Iran still considers all women " zaifeh " ( more meek ) .
Kaffeeklatsch
I met a friend of mine for lunch at a hip coffee shop at 1 p.m. and our conversation -- like every other conversation at every other table -- was about the election , cheating , riots , and killings .
Rumors of foreign mercenaries doing the actual beating and shooting were interrupted when one person said , " The guns may be Russian - made , but we have to accept that our own people are killing us . "
My friend , Maryam , was feeling unwell ; she had been in Atieh Hospital in Shahraq Qarb , in northwest Tehran , that morning and had witnessed two people being treated in the emergency rooms : one person shot in the head and the other having lost a kidney after being struck with an ax .
06/18/09
As Maryam was speaking , a man sitting next to us took out a picture of a person who was shot during the June 15 demonstration near Azadi Square .
Conversation flared up as everybody in the room lost their appetite and anger grew over the killings and the utter violence of the ruling elite in their attempt to control the situation and scare people off .
Rumors were floated of foreign mercenaries -- suspicions that Russians , Venezuelans , Lebanese , Sudanese , or Palestinians might be the ones who are doing the actual beating and shooting .
But then one person said , " Hey , these are our own people , with their twisted fundamentalist mentality .
The guns may be Russian - made , but we have to accept that our own people are killing us .
We have to find a way to bring them back to us ... "
His words rang in my ears .
' Do n't Hit Us '
I knew that communication would be cut off in the afternoon ( thanks to interesting technology provided by a particular Scandinavian IT company that enables the widespread disruption of communication among mobile phones ) .
So I called my friends and coordinated our actions for the afternoon demonstration on Haft-e Tir Square and started to move to the area around 3 p.m .
On my way toward Haft-e Tir Square on Hemmat Highway ( traveling west - to - east ) , I saw a column of black automobiles ( VW vans and Toyota trucks ) transporting antiriot guards toward Haft-e Tir Square .
They were from the Sarallah Garrison , 13th division .
At first I wanted to roll down the window and start swearing at them from the bottom of my lungs , but then my ears started to ring again .
So I rolled down the window and screamed " Khaste nabashin ! " ( a phrase in Persian that wishes relief of hard work for the other party ) while flashing a victory sign with my fingers .
It worked .
A couple of them smiled back at me , and one of them secretly showed a V - sign while holding his hands hidden from others .
The ice was broken .
" Do n't hit us , " I cried as Maryam sped us off .
5 p.m. , Haft-e Tir Square
Ever fearful of persecution , we met with our friends on a small quiet street off Bucharest Avenue ( north of Haft-e Tir Square ) and decided to walk in groups of two -- just as we did for the June 15 mass rally -- to reach Haft-e Tir Square .
As we walked down Bucharest Avenue and then Ghaem Magham Farahani Avenue ( the continuation of Bucharest Avenue south of Motahari Boulevard ) our numbers grew .
It was like small streams of water coming together to make a large , thunderously roaring river .
I wondered whether we had sufficient unity to bring about change and whether our civilized restraint , while necessary and admirable , might allow a brutal fascism to prevail .
By the time we reached Haft-e Tir , the green of Musavi supporters and the white and red banners of the smaller groups of Karrubi supporters dominated the whole square .
I lost all fear .
Safety in numbers !
There was no sign of the darkened vehicles or any of the guards .
The demonstrators started to educate the world .
It was the most peaceful , civilized , and quiet demonstration that I had ever seen or heard .
Over half a million people refrained from chanting a single word for over three hours .
What 's To Come Of Us ?
After 8 p.m. , the " annoying but effective honking of car horns " campaign restarted .
As I headed home , I did n't see any burning dumpsters , tires , or motorbikes .
But I wondered whether we had sufficient unity to bring about change and whether our civilized restraint , while necessary and admirable , might allow a brutal fascism to prevail .
Right before I went to sleep , I heard the far - off sound of explosions .
Elham Ahmadi is pseudonym for a journalist in the Iranian capital , Tehran .
He contributed this piece to RFE / RL's Radio Farda
Copyright ( c ) 2009 RFE/RL , Inc. Reprinted with the permission of Radio Free Europe / Radio Liberty , 1201 Connecticut Ave. , N.W. Washington DC 20036 .
www.rferl.org
Hannibal Talks About How Cold It Is In The D
When I got married in California in 1959 there were almost 20 states where marriage was limited to two people of different sexes and the same race .
Eight years later the Supreme Court unanimously declared state bans on interracial marriage unconstitutional .
Recently , Ted Olson and I brought a lawsuit asking the courts to now declare unconstitutional California 's Proposition 8 limitation of marriage to people of the opposite sex .
We acted together because of our mutual commitment to the importance of this cause , and to emphasize ...
Oh , Bill O’Reilly , you ’re such a colossal douche .
And Salon is documenting this week ’s evidence .
Tiller ’s name first appeared on “ The Factor ” on Feb. 25 , 2005 .
Since then , O’Reilly and his guest hosts have brought up the doctor on 28 more episodes , including as recently as April 27 of this year .
Almost invariably , Tiller is described as “ Tiller the Baby Killer . ”
Tiller , O’Reilly likes to say , “ destroys fetuses for just about any reason right up until the birth date for $ 5,000 . ”
He ’s guilty of “ Nazi stuff , ” said O’Reilly on June 8 , 2005 ; a moral equivalent to NAMBLA and al - Qaida , he suggested on March 15 , 2006 .
“ This is the kind of stuff happened in Mao ’s China , Hitler ’s Germany , Stalin ’s Soviet Union , ” said O’Reilly on Nov. 9 , 2006 .
O’Reilly has also frequently linked Tiller to his longtime obsession , child molestation and rape .
Because a young teenager who received an abortion from Tiller could , by definition , have been a victim of statutory rape , O’Reilly frequently suggested that the clinic was covering up for child rapists ( rather than teenage boyfriends ) by refusing to release records on the abortions performed .
The article goes on , chronicling O’Reilly ’s characterization of Dr. Tiller as a murderer on the loose , who was willing to give a woman an abortion at any point in her pregnancy if she was merely anxious , headache -y , or bummed about being dumped by her boyfriend .
Salon does point out that the fuckface will undoubtedly , and un-self - consciously , decry Dr. Tiller ’s murder as lawless vigilanteism .
So , if you ’re keeping track : Fueling hate ?
Check .
Taking the blame when it explodes ?
I wait with baited breath to see .
At MeteoGroup we use cookies on our websites to improve the experience for our users .
By closing this box and continuing to browse you are accepting our use of cookies and we wo n't bother you with this message again .
To learn more about cookies and their benefits please click here .
Service Announcement :
We apologise that the problem with the raintoday website still persists .
We thank you for your patience while we strive to fix the problem .
Alternatively you can use our RainToday app on iOS or Android for your needs :
> raintoday app
Now THAT'S what I call a freaking cake .
This massive firebreathing bitch was made for some Dungeon & Dragoners for a very special feast .
A feast which included , but was not limited to : mozzarella sticks and corn dogs ( see gallery after jump ) .
Now that 's what I call eating like a king .
Or a handsome prince !
HIYO .
Anyway , this amazing piece of delicious was made by Mike 's Amazing Cakes .
Now who else here gets the feeling Mike sold his soul to an evil sorcerer to be granted the gift of cake ?
You think it was worth it ?
I personally would n't want to spend eternity being force - fed cake with my asshole sewn shut , but , you know , that 's just me .
Hit the jump for the gallery and a link to an even more massive Flickr stream .
Astro-Lopithecus ' Flickr Gallery
Thanks to Manwai , who once cut a dragon's head off with his penis .
Just like in the fairy tale !
But that is starting to change .
Businesses are eager to tap into India ’s growing youth market ; more than 30 percent of the country ’s population is 14 or younger .
“ Advertisers are demanding local content , and they are willing to pay a premium for it , ” Mr. Patil said .
Amar Chitra Katha  which translates as Immortal Illustrated Stories  has something of a natural advantage because it enjoys wide name recognition across India and among people of Indian origin overseas .
The company , which employs 150 people , sells about three million comic books a year , in English and more than 20 Indian languages .
It has sold about 100 million copies since it was founded in 1967 by a newspaper executive , Anant Pai .
Still , the firm that Mr. Patil bought cannot claim exclusive rights to the age - old myths and stories that form the core of its library .
Some of those stories have already been turned into lucrative TV and film franchises by others .
Mr. Patil acknowledges that he will have to diversify into new stories and characters to succeed .
Other industry officials caution that it will take time for comic book publishers to succeed in other media .
Mainstream media companies have traditionally been dismissive of comics and have only recently begun to warm up to them , said Sanjay Gupta , studio head at Raj Comics , a firm based in New Delhi .
Raj publishes action books , including the popular “ Doga ” series about a vigilante who wears a dog mask , which is being adapted into a Bollywood movie .
Image
An online game , the Legend of Katha , which is set in a world inspired by Indian mythology .
Credit ...
ACK Media
“ There is still not that much local content ” on the air , Mr. Gupta said .
“ On TV , they have been repeating the same things they have been doing for the last 10 years . ”
L. Subramanyan , the chief executive of Chandamama , a children ’s magazine publisher based in Chennai , said electronic media provide a “ fantastic opportunity ” for Indian publishers , but it may take a few years for them to break through .
It seems we have yet another reason to volley complaints in Amazon 's directions .
17 - year old high school student Justin Gawronski had apparently been taking electronic notes and annotations on his Kindle for a summer assignment on George Orwell 's Nineteen Eighty - Four .
Yeah , you can probably guess where this is going -- after the retailer remotely pulled the plug on that particular version of the book , Gawronski 's notes were lost in the ethers , rendered useless .
The suit , which is seeking class action status , asks that Amazon be legally blocked from improperly accessing users '
Kindles in the future and punitive damages for those affected by the deletion -- and if he asks nice , we 're pretty sure Jeff would write his teacher a note .
[ Warning : read link is a PDF ] [ Via Trading Markets
Nasa 's plans to return astronauts to the moon are quietly being revised and are in danger of slipping past 2020 .
In meetings over the last few weeks at the Kennedy Space Centre , agency managers have told employees and contractors that they are delaying the first lunar launch of the Ares V rocket - a cargo hauler slated to be the most powerful rocket ever built - by two years .
Nasa 's internal plans had called for Ares V to go to the moon in 2018 , though the agency had announced a public goal of 2020 .
Internal deadlines are used by Nasa to keep programmes on track and to provide a margin of error for developmental problems .
But because of growing budget woes , the agency is resetting its internal date to 2020 .
And privately , engineers say that means the public 2020 date to send humans back to the moon is in deepening trouble .
The news is another major blow to KSC ; the facility had hoped to get the moon - rocket programme up and running as quickly as possible to offset thousands of job losses from the space shuttle 's retirement next year .
One contractor sent a BlackBerry message this week to the Orlando Sentinel following a meeting with KSC officials who told his group about the decision to delay Ares V .
" It was not received with enthusiasm , " the contractor wrote .
" [ We ] understand what that means for the work force . "
In a speech last week , former Nasa administrator Mike Griffin blamed the White House - especially the Bush administration .
He said that money available for Ares V and other moon projects had dropped from roughly $ 4bn ( £ 2.7bn ) through 2015 to just $ 500m .
" This was to be allocated to early work on the Ares V heavy - lifter , and the Altair lunar lander , " he told the National Space Club at the annual Goddard Memorial Dinner .
" With only a half - billion dollars now available , this work cannot be done . "
Nasa officials would not comment .
" We cannot discuss any changes to Ares V until after the budget is officially released at the beginning of May , " spokesman Grey Hautaluoma said .
" Nothing definitive can be said about Ares V development cost at this point in time . "
A YOUNG Muslim man , motivated by a “ perverted notion of honour ” , has been jailed for in Canada for the murder of his 20 - year - old sister and her fiancÃ© , 23 , in the early hours of September 19 , 2006 while the couple sat in a parked car .
Ontario Superior Court Justice Douglas Rutherford told an expressionless Hasibullah Sadiqi , 23 :
You put your own self - esteem over those of your own sister and the young man she had chosen to become her life partner .
And consigning them to partnership in death has shocked and bewildered every community in the nation ’s capital .
The forfeiture of your liberty for the rest of your life seems only just .
Minutes earlier , the jury returned a verdict of guilty on two counts of first - degree murder against the 23 - year - old Sadiqi , who gunned down his sister , Khatera , and Feroz Mangal .
Prosecutor Mark Moors said Sadiqi was motivated :
By a perverted notion of honour and respect for the sole purpose of restoring the family ’s reputation and respect in the Afghan community .
According to this report , Moors told the court that Sadiqi murdered the couple because Khatera moved in with Mangal ’s family before the wedding , and because she refused to have her estranged father , who routinely abused her , involved in her wedding plans .
The jury , which reached its verdict in two days , rejected Sadiqi ’s claim that he had been provoked and gunned down the couple while he was out of control .
Rutherford allowed the reading of two eloquent , emotionally charged victim - impact statements , one from Khatera ’s mother and stepfather , the other from the Mangal family .
In the Mangal family statement , Feroz ’s brother , Hameed , spoke of their shattered dreams :
My parents left a war - torn country , Afghanistan , to escape persecution and killings .
We took refuge in a wonderful land , Canada , to seek opportunities , get education and achieve our goals .
We saw Canada as a land where we could feel safe and secure all our dreams , our hopes and our goals in life have been shattered .
University of Toronto professor Shahrzad Mojab told the trial that honour killings involve a “ cleansing ” to restore a family ’s respect after the “ misbehaviour ” of female relatives had brought “ dishonour ” upon them .
Methods to clear a family ’s honour range from displacing a family member to “ the act of purifying through blood ” , she added .
In many cases , a father or brother will claim the killing happened out of passion or love for the woman , but it ’s argued that the woman had to be sacrificed for the larger love of the family and restoring respect , Mojab said .
Oakland , Calif. , on Tuesday became the first city in the US to assess a tax on marijuana .
State and national advocates of the tax say the victory is a significant turning point in the history of cannabis use , paving the way for taxation in other communities and states and establishing more social acceptance of marijuana use .
Opponents say an irreversible threshold has been crossed , opening the door to more crime and heavier drug use .
By a wide margin of 80 percent to 20 percent , Oakland voters said " yes " to Measure F , which asked : " Shall City of Oakland 's business tax , which currently imposes a tax rate of $ 1.20 per $ 1,000 on ' cannabis business ' gross receipts , be amended to establish a new tax rate of $ 18 per $ 1,000 of gross receipts ? "
" The voters of Oakland have sent a message to the nation that cannabis is better treated as a legitimate , tax - paying business than as a cause of crime and futile law - enforcement expenditures , " says Dale Gieringer , California state coordinator for the National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws .
The city estimates that the measure will raise $ 294,000 in additional tax revenue in 2010 and more in future years .
Some say the measure will provide funds to help offset the city 's current $ 83 million deficit as well as allow police to direct their limited resources to more serious crimes and drug offenses .
" The public is more interested in having money to preserve social services and fight more important crimes , " says Sam Singer , a Berkeley resident and well - known PR consultant .
Mr. Singer and others say that since the passage of Proposition 218 in 1996 – which made marijuana available by prescription to relieve pain and nausea – marijuana use in California has existed behind a " false front " :
Users can go to a doctor , complain of symptoms , and for about $ 100 , get the doctor to write them a prescription for the drug .
A state - issued card lasts for one year .
" It 's so easy to get a card that it 's almost as if physicians will help lead you to your story of chronic pain , insomnia , fatigue , etc. , " says John Diaz , editorial page editor of the San Francisco Chronicle .
Oakland has not so much cleared up the marijuana issue so much as found a way to contain it , Mr. Diaz says .
The city is giving permits to only four clubs , compared with a few dozen in San Francisco and about 800 in Los Angeles .
Federal law still prohibits the use and sale of marijuana , although US Attorney General Eric Holder has said that federal law enforcement will no longer conduct raids in the states that have legalized medical - marijuana use .
Nationwide , about 775,000 people were arrested for marijuana possession in 2007 .
" It takes a lot of time , attention , and money to bust , prosecute , and then incarcerate marijuana users , " Singer says .
" Given the economy , this is a move that will be welcomed not just in Oakland , but most likely in major urban cities across the nation . "
Some residents in nearby communities are not happy with the Oakland vote .
" I am happy to forfeit the tax money and keep it illegal , " says Trygve Mikkelsen , a Norwegian immigrant living on the Berkeley - Oakland border .
The owner of a wine - rack business , Mr. Mikkelsen worked on the San Francisco waterfront in the 1970s and ' 80s around some people who used cannabis every day .
" I preferred not to work next to them , preferred to have conversations with other individuals since they were affected by the drug , " he says .
The father of three is convinced that younger people will have more access to marijuana .
" I prefer that it is difficult to get a hold of and an illegal substance , " he says .
* Five arms export licenses revoked
* UK denies move constitutes embargo
( Adds new British comment )
JERUSALEM , July 13 ( Reuters ) - Britain has scrapped the sale of some military components to Israel as part of an export review prompted by the war in the Gaza Strip , officials said on Monday .
Of 182 arms - export licenses , five were revoked , an Israeli official said .
All involved equipment for the Saar 4.5 class Corvette , a naval vessel that took part in the December - January offensive in which more than 1,400 Palestinians were killed .
The British embassy in Tel Aviv confirmed the revocation of a " small number " of export licenses but said this did not constitute an embargo on Israel .
" There are no security agreements between the UK and Israel , " an embassy spokeswoman said .
" UK policy remains to assess all export licences to Israel against the consolidated E.U. and national arms export licensing criteria . "
She noted that Britain had also revoked some export licenses to Russia and Georgia following their border war last year .
Israel has weathered international censure over the civilian toll of the Gaza war , arguing that Palestinians provoked the violence by firing rockets across the border .
Thirteen Israelis were killed during the 22 days of fighting .
Israel 's Defence Ministry had no immediate comment on the British decision .
Interviewed on Israel Radio , Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman brushed it off .
" Israel has known many cases of embargo in the past , " he said .
" We always knew how to get by , and there is no need to get excited about this . "
British Foreign Minister David Miliband announced the review in April after some legislators pressed for an arms embargo on both Israel and the Hamas Islamists ruling Gaza .
British exports of sensitive products that are for military use or that can have both civilian or military applications need a licence .
Britain says it will not grant a licence if there is a clear risk of exports being used either for internal repression or for external aggression .
( Editing by Richard Balmforth )
Aside from being the first publicly recognized Portland economic development strategy in 15 years , it ’s the first time that Portland has formally recognized the open source , mobile , coworking , and startup community .
[ HTML2 ] While the news coming out of yesterday ’s Portland City Council meeting will likely be mired in heated he - said she - said debates about the fate of the 39th Avenue / Cesar Chavez hoopla , something very important happened late in the day : Portland ’s City Council unanimously passed the Portland Economic Development Strategy .
Why is this so momentous ?
Well , aside from being the first publicly recognized economic strategy for Portland in 15 years , it ’s the first time that Portland has formally recognized the open source , mobile , coworking , and startup community .
And that ’s a big step forward .
As Eva Schweber says , we should be proud .
Even though we offered no testimony , we had the largest representation from any industry .
City Council and their staff knew most of the folks in that room today ( myself included ) because we are the ones who show up at every one of these meetings .
We are all pretty clear on what perspective each of us represents and know what is going to be said before any of us open our mouths .
Actions speak louder than words .
The open source , mobile and startup ( seriously , we need a better moniker ) representatives who came to today ’s meeting sent a very clear message .
We are here and we are ready to take our seat at the table .
I ’d recommend reading the whole Portland Economic Development Strategy document ( PDF ) .
It ’s not long .
And the Mayor ’s Office and Portland Development Commission ( PDC ) did a great job of keeping approachable and intelligible .
Not interested in reading the whole thing ?
At least read pages 12 - 13 which focus on the Software Cluster for the Portland area .
It looks a little something like this :
Now granted , the open source , mobile , coworking , and startup section of the document is relatively small , covering about a page - and - a - half .
But the size of the section is n’t really the issue .
This is still important .
Again , I say “ momentous . ”
Why ?
It ’s momentous because this is the first time — to my knowledge — that the City of Portland has formally recognized the open source development community , the mobile app development community , and the Web application development community .
They ’ve even recognized the importance of coworking environments to our community — putting them on the same footing as traditionally recognized organizations like the PDC , the Software Association of Oregon ( SAO ) , and Oregon Entrepreneurs Network ( OEN ) .
And in that recognition , they have made a formal commitment to support that tech community .
That means , that with the ratification of the document , the City has put a stake in the ground .
It has recognized what you are doing .
And it has deemed it important enough to be committed to public record .
Long story short , the City of Portland — in theory — is now behind you and explicitly interested in your success .
That is huge .
And for that , you should be incredibly proud of what you ’ve accomplished .
Now , the real work begins
Now we need to help move the City from strategy to implementation .
And just as Mayor Sam Adams asked the open source community to better engage with the City of Portland so must the mobile development community , the coworking community , and the startup community find ways to engage and interact with the City .
We have to find ways to organize and present a united front .
Because if we do n’t , we risk losing a huge opportunity .
I know we can do it .
And I ’m looking forward to helping .
However I can .
But that will come together .
For now please , take a few seconds to bask in this moment .
This is a very big deal .
It ’s a big deal for the Portland open source community .
It ’s a big deal for the burgeoning mobile development market .
And it ’s a big deal for each and every startup that calls Portland home today — and in the future .
Thank you , again , to Mayor Sam Adams and his office for reaching out to the Portland tech community .
Thank you to Eva Schweber for spending countless hours as the resident wonk for the open source , mobile , coworking , and startup community .
And congratulations to each and every one of you .
Now , it ’s up to us .
Let ’s make something happen .
[ HTML1 ]
Like this : Like Loading ...
( CNN ) -- A Tampa judge denied bail Wednesday for a Florida man charged with first - degree murder in the death of a 3 - month - old child , who authorities say was thrown out of a moving car .
Police say infant Emanuel Murray died after his mother 's ex-boyfriend threw him from a car on a Florida interstate .
Richard Anthony McTear Jr. , 21 , was arrested Tuesday , hours after a confrontation at his former girlfriend 's apartment in which he snatched the infant , Emanuel Wesley Murray , the Hillsborough County sheriff 's office said .
The child 's body was found about 4 .am .
Tuesday on the side of Interstate 275 in Tampa , Florida , by a local television photographer on his way to work .
The photographer , WTVT 's Jason Bird , said he stopped when he spotted something by the roadside
" It had to be a baby doll but it was too big to be a doll , " Bird told CNN affiliate WFTS in Tampa .
" I almost passed out , I started shaking , " said Bird .
A preliminary autopsy determined the child died of blunt trauma to the head , the county medical examiner 's office said .
Police were called to the apartment of McTear 's former girlfriend about 3:15 a.m. Tuesday .
The mother , Jasmine Bedwell , 17 , told investigators that McTear had hit her several times and threatened " to kill the both of y'all , " the sheriff 's department said in a statement announcing the charges .
McTear threw a car seat containing the child across the room during the fight , causing the boy to fall onto the apartment 's concrete floor , investigators said .
He then picked up the boy and drove off in his blue Chevrolet Impala , throwing the child out while on the interstate , the sheriff 's department said .
Video on CNN affiliate WFLA TV showed McTear being led out of a Tampa police squad car after his arrest .
He ducked his head as TV cameras surrounded him on his walk into a police building .
When asked by reporters if he had thrown the child out of the car window , McTear answered , " It 's a dirty game .
A dirty game . "
McTear is not related to the child , said sheriff 's spokeswoman Debbie Carter .
McTear is facing additional charges of burglary with battery , felony battery , aggravated child abuse and kidnapping , the sheriff 's department said .
All About Murder and Homicide • Florida
They once helped create an empire that spanned the globe , but now members of the Spanish aristocracy are engaging in a more prosaic struggle over whether their titles should be inherited by women .
A group of grandees and other nobles have rebelled against a recent change in Spain 's law which prevents a son from claiming the family title if he has an elder sister .
They are demanding that the country 's constitutional court strike the law down , as it may allow some women to claim titles retroactively from brothers or uncles who currently hold them .
They claim the law was tailor - made to suit a group of powerful women , including the designer Agatha Ruiz de la Prada , who claimed titles held by male relatives .
Ruiz de la Prada claims the title of Marquess of Castelldosrius from an uncle who received it from his elder brother – skipping Ruiz de La Prada 's now deceased mother .
" The law should not be retroactive .
There will be fights in all the noble families because of this , " said Miguel Temboury of the Spanish Nobles Association , a recently created conservative faction within Spain 's 2,500 - strong nobility .
They say Ruiz de la Prada and her partner , the El Mundo newspaper editor Pedro J Ramírez , used their influence with José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero 's socialist government to make the law retroactive .
Under the terms of the new law those like Ruiz de la Prada , who had already brought legal cases against current holders of titles , are able to pursue their claims .
Ruiz de la Prada denied that she and Ramírez had pushed the government into changing the law .
" I wish I did have that much influence with the prime minister , " she said .
" One of the best things he has done has been to pursue equality . "
" They are blinded with rage about this , " she said of the rebel nobles .
" In their little world , this is what is important to them . "
Ramírez also denied pressing the government : " I might have commented on this informally to politicians , but it was the mummified old aristocrats who actually held formal meetings with political parties to try to stop the law being changed . "
The new law was introduced after Spain 's highest courts ruled in favour of male primogeniture , despite attempts by a group of some 20 women to have it banned for contravening gender equality laws .
" There has been 20 years of fierce fighting over this , " said Ms Ruiz de la Prada .
" I only joined it towards the end .
" Zapatero 's party brokered a cross-party agreement to change the law two years ago .
A number of court cases are being fought between siblings for family titles .
" My elder sister and elder brother have fought , " said Temboury , whose family are Counts of Labajos and Las Infantas .
He estimated that more than 1,000 families were having to face the fact that sons who thought they would inherit titles would now see them go to older sisters .
The grandees have also tried to drag King Juan Carlos into the row .
" We beg your attention and understanding in finding a solution that will resolve the violation perpetrated on us , " they wrote to him .
The rebels see the fact that male primogeniture survives in the royal family , regardless of the fact that the current king 's oldest child is a daughter , as one reason for striking down the law .
" We feel the monarchy and the nobility should go hand - in - hand , " said Mr Temboury .
At a tense meeting of the Disputation of Grandees , as the official club for Spanish nobles is known , King Juan Carlos made it clear that he did not back the rebels .
" The new regulations for noble titles should make you look to the future , " he said in a letter to those congregated there in March .
King Juan Carlos 's heir , Prince Felipe , has two daughters .
The Spanish constitution would have to be changed if a son were born to allow the elder daughter to inherit the crown .
College life may look different in the not - so - distant future : Students squinting out dirtier windows , faculty offices with full wastebaskets and no phones , sporting events in which opponents never meet , and paper course catalogs existing only as artifacts of the wasteful old days .
While colleges and universities slashed their spending this year with wrenching layoffs , hiring freezes and halts in construction projects , they whittled away at costs with smaller , quirkier economies , too :
¶ At the University of Washington , the communications department faculty did away with their landlines .
( “ Phones were our biggest line item , ” said David Domke , the department chairman .
“ We ’ve still got landlines in common areas and for staff , but we ’re saving about $ 1,100 a month by getting rid of faculty phones . ” )
¶ At Dickinson College in Carlisle , Pa. , the women ’s swim team held a “ virtual swim meet ” with Bryn Mawr College , in Pennsylvania , about 112 miles away .
Each team swam in its home pool , then compared times to determine the winners .
( “ We probably saved $ 900 on bus travel , ” said William G. Durden , Dickinson ’s president . )
¶ At the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill , the traditional bus tour of the state for new faculty members was suspended this year .
( “ In a recession , people do n’t want to see 100 faculty members traveling around and staying in hotels , ” said Holden Thorp , the chancellor . )
Leading companies are offering only minimal information to shareholders on how global warming might affect their bottom line , research shows
The world 's major corporations are failing to provide a full account to investors of the risks and potential costs of climate change , a new report said today .
The report , from the Ceres network of green organisations and investors , and the Environment Defence Fund , found companies offered only minimal information to their shareholders last year on how global warming might affect their bottom line .
It arrives at a time when there is growing support among US corporations for a push by Congress to pass the first US law to reduce greenhouse gas emissions .
Fifty - nine of the 100 leading global firms surveyed made no mention of greenhouse gas emissions at all , while 28 did not discuss potential risks from rising sea levels or other aspects of climate change , and 52 provided no information on what steps they were taking to adapt to climate change .
" These findings are strong evidence that investors are not getting the information they need ... even from industries facing clear , immediate risks from climate change , " the report said .
Only a handful of the companies provided an adequate account of the potential costs , it found – despite growing demands from financial regulators to disclose the risks of climate change .
The study by the Corporate Library analysis firm was based on information provided by the firms to the US regulatory authority , the securities and exchange commission , in the first quarter of 2008 .
The lack of disclosure was most striking in the insurance industry , the report found .
Despite evidence of the increasing severity of tropical storms – and the huge spike in claims following Hurricane Katrina in 2005 – 18 of the 27 firms made no mention of climate change or related risk in their financial disclosure forms .
Twenty - four of the 27 companies failed to mention any actions taken to address global warming – even though the report said there were now opportunities for climate change - related insurance policies .
Oil and gas companies did not even provide the bare minimum of information on climate risk , the study found .
All but one of the 23 firms surveyed received only a " poor " or " limited " grade in disclosing climate risks .
Seventeen of the companies gave no information on their emissions or their positions on climate change .
The report singled out the oil and gas companies Exxon Mobil , Apache and Anadarko for weak disclosure .
Electricity firms did only slightly better .
Even so , only three of the 26 firms surveyed gave an adequate assessment of the risks posed by climate change .
Two provided information about their attempts to address climate change .
The century 's most dramatic solar eclipse will be visible along a narrow swath of Asia and the Pacific Ocean later today .
And , thanks to some University of North Dakota researchers , it 'll be visible on the internet , too .
The live webcast begins at 5:15 p.m. Pacific time .
The eclipse will last six minutes and 39 seconds , which is near the theoretical maximum duration for a solar eclipse of seven minutes and 31 seconds .
For everyone except Ray Kurzweil and the other singulatarians , this will be the longest eclipse of our lifetimes .
The Earth wo n't see an eclipse this long until June 13 , 2132 .
If you 're lucky enough to be near the path of the eclipse , check out our guide to the experience , How to See 93 Million Miles .
Or perhaps use it to start planning a trip for next July to the Cook Islands or French Polynesia , where you 'll be able to see the next total solar eclipse on July 11 , 2010 .
NASA has created the definitive guide to the event 's science , including this excellent tip about the latest in protective eyewear for solar eclipse viewing :
" More recently , solar observers have used floppy disks and compact disks ( CDs and CD - ROMs ) as protective filters by covering the central openings and looking through the disk media , " write Fred Espenak and Jay Anderson of NASA .
" However , the optical quality of the solar image formed by a floppy disk or CD is relatively poor compared to aluminized polyester or welder ’s glass . "
We 'll be curating a gallery of eclipse photos from the internet , so if you take some , send them our way : brandon [ at]earthlab.net .
See Also :
Image : NASA .
WiSci 2.0 : Alexis Madrigal 's Twitter , Google Reader feed , and green tech history research site ; Wired Science on Twitter and Facebook .**
A new species of monkey has been discovered in the Brazilian Amazon , reports the Wildlife Conservation Society .
The monkey , a type of saddleback tamarin , has been named Mura ’s saddleback tamarin ( Saguinus fuscicollis mura ) after the Mura Indians , the Amerindian ethnic group that lives in the Purus and Madeira river basins where the monkey occurs .
The monkey is mostly gray and dark brown in color , with a distinctly mottled “ saddle ” , and weighs 213 grams ( less than three - quarters of a pound ) .
It is 240 millimeters ( 9 inches ) tall with a 320 millimeter ( 12.6 inch ) tail .
“ This newly described monkey shows that even today there are still major wildlife discoveries to be made , ” said Fabio Röhe of the Wildlife Conservation Society , lead author of a paper that describes the new species .
“ This discovery should serve as a wake - up call that there is still so much to learn from the world ’s wild places , yet humans continue to threaten these areas with destruction . ”
Artist Stephen Nash ’s rendering of the newly described monkey Saguinus fuscicollis mura .
Röhe and colleagues say the newly discovered money is threatened by several planned development projects in the region , particularly the paving of Manaus–Porto Velho ( BR 319 ) highway , which will facilitate the expansion of unofficial road networks , promoting logging and deforestation for cattle pasture .
A proposed gas pipeline and two hydroelectric dams ( Santo Antônio and Jirau on the Rio Madeira in the state of Rondônia ) are also threats to the region ’s forests .
“ The increase in human populations resulting from the developmental projects and improved infrastructure will result in widespread loss , degradation , and fragmentation of the forests … threatening not only these tamarins but also the entire fauna and flora of the region , ” the authors write .
“ Predictions of deforestation in the Amazon over the next decades indicate that Saguinus fuscicollis mura , even with the most optimistic scenarios , will be confined to small forest patches and close to extinction within the next 50 years . ”
“ We hope that the discovery will draw attention to conservation in this very fragile but biodiverse region , ” said Dr. Avecita Chicchon , Director of WCS ’s Latin America Programs .
WCS researchers have discovered several new monkey species in recent years including the Arunachal macaque , discovered in India in late 2004 ; and the Madidi monkey , discovered in Bolivia in 2005 ; and the Kipunji , discovered in Tanzania in 2005 .
Saddleback tamarins are found in the upper Amazon , west of the Madeira and Mamoré–Guaporé rivers to the Andes .
There are currently 13 known species and subspecies in Bolivia , Brazil , Colombia , Ecuador , and Peru .
The discovery was published in the June online edition of the International Journal of Primatology .
Authors of the study include Fabio Röhe of the Wildlife Conservation Society , José de Sousa e Silva Jr. of Museu Paraense Emílio Goeldi , Ricardo Sampaio of the Instituto Nacional de Parquisas de Amaozônia , and Anthony B. Rylands of Conservation International .
Fabio Röhe et al .
A New Subspecies of Saguinus fuscicollis ( Primates , Callitrichidae ) .
International Journal of Primatology DOI 10.1007/s10764-009-9358-x
Related articles
New uakari monkey discovered in the Amazon rainforest
( 02/05/2008 )
A previously unknown species of uakari monkey was discovered in the Brazilian Amazon , reports National Geographic News .
The primate was identified after it was killed by Yanomamo Indians near the Brazil - Venezuela border .
Dr. Marc Van Roosmalen , discover of unknown monkey species , freed in Brazil
( 08/08/2007 ) Dr. Marc van Roosmalen , a renowned primatologist who has discovered seven species of monkeys in the Amazon rainforest , has been freed in Brazil .
Dr. van Roosmalen had been charged with illegally keeping wild animals and embezzlement and sentenced to nearly 16 years in prison in a case that was widely criticized by scientists .
New monkey species in Uganda
( 02/18/2007 ) Uganda may soon have a new species of monkey according to a report published in Kampala ’s New Vision newspaper .
Dr. Colin Groves of the Australian National University told New Vision that the local population of the gray - cheeked mangabey ( Lophocebus albigena ) will soon be designated as a unique species , the Ugandan gray - cheeked mangabey ( Lophocebus ugandae ) .
New monkey discovered in Tanzania
( 05/19/2005 ) Africa ’s first new species of monkey for over 20 years has been discovered in remote mountains in the southern Tanzania .
The Highland Mangabey was first discovered by biologists from the Wildlife conservation Society ( WCS ) in a remote highland forest .
Left for English speakers and right for Welsh speakers .
Pedestrians have been left confused by a road sign telling them to look different ways in different languages .
A temporary road sign in Cardiff city centre urged English speakers to look one way before crossing the road , and Welsh speakers to look the other way .
The sign " pedestrians look left " was translated to say " cerddwyr edrychwch i'r dde " - or " pedestrians look right " .
Cardiff council said the sign was the work of a contractor , and it had been removed after the mistake was noticed .
Cardiff council said : " This sign was made by a traffic management contractor , not Cardiff council .
" It was originally placed on St Mary Street earlier this year by Wales & West Utilities while essential maintenance work was carried out .
" Cardiff council has now removed the sign from the area . "
Meirion Prys Jones , chief executive of the Welsh Language Board , said : " We would like to stress how important it is to ensure the quality and accuracy of bilingual signs . "
While the Apple masses continue to bask in the glory of the iPhone ’s much improved camera , not to mention its new ability to record video , a recent development might shed some light on what features Apple might include in future iterations of the iPhone .
Imagine shooting 1080 p quality video right from your iPhone .
Done salivating ?
OmniVision , the company that supplies Apple with the 3 megapixel cameras it uses in the iPhone 3GS , announced on Thursday that its latest 5 megapixel OV5650 Image Sensor for mobile phones is capable of capturing HD video in 1080 p quality at 30 frames per second .
At 720 p , still HD mind you , the sensor can capture video at 60 frames per second .
As it stands now , the current iPhone 3GS records video in VGA quality at 30 fps , but as was reported last week , an examination of the iPhone 3GS processor revealed that it was in fact capable of capturing video in 720 p .
Apple presumably did n’t enable 720 p because doing so would put the processor through the ringer and obliterate battery life in the process .
Also , HD video is n’t too storage friendly , and with the maximum capacity iPhone coming in at 32 GB these days , concerns about the practicality of 720 p were probably taken into consideration as well .
Luckily , by the time the new sensors begin shipping , the above issues will undoubtedly be less of an impediment .
Also , if Apple ever gets around to releasing its much rumored tablet , storage space and room for a decent sized battery will be even less than an issue than it is for the iPhone .
We should point out that while the difference in quality between 720 p and 1080 p is negligible on HDTV ’s smaller than 42 inches , the potential to record full HD quality video from an iPhone and upload it to your computer for editing and / or send it directly to your > 40 inch HDTV is particularly intriguing .
OmniVision expects that production of its new sensor will commence towards the end of 2009 , and anticipates that mobile phones will begin sporting them sometime in 2010 .
As a point of interest , OmniVision noted in a recent presentation that while the current trend in mobile phones is 2 megapixel sensors , 5 megapixel sensors will begin to emerge as a “ volume leader in 2011 ” .
Rob Bennett for The New York Times ; Suzanne DeChillo / The New York Times
ALBANY – Republicans apparently seized control of the New York State Senate on Monday , in a stunning and sudden reversal of fortunes for the Democratic Party , which controlled the chamber for barely five months .
A raucous leadership fight erupted on the floor of the Senate around 3 p.m. , with two Democrats , Pedro Espada Jr. of the Bronx and Hiram Monserrate of Queens , joining the 30 Senate Republicans in a motion that would displace Democrats as the party in control .
In a news conference in the early evening , Senator Malcolm A. Smith of Queens , leader of the Senate Democrats , insisted that the Republican - engineered vote was illegal and violated parliamentary procedure .
He said the vote was illegal because it had already taken place after the meeting was already brought to an end .
Giovanni Rufino for The New York Times
It was a noisy and acrimonious scene on the floor of the Senate as Senator Thomas W. Libous , a Republican from Binghamton and the party ’s deputy leader , shouted for a roll - call vote , while Democrats attempted to stall the vote by asking to adjourn the session .
All 30 Republicans stood with their hands raised , signaling a vote for a change in leadership .
Mr. Espada and Mr. Monserrate joined them , each raising his hand .
Republicans won the vote by a 32 - to - 30 margin .
The Senate will now be governed under a new joint leadership structure , with Mr. Espada serving as the president pro tempore , and Senator Dean G. Skelos , of Long Island , as the new majority leader .
After the results of the vote were read aloud , the in - house television station that carries Senate proceedings live in the Capitol went dark .
All that appeared on the screen was a still photo of the Senate chamber and the words “ Please stand by . ”
Senate Republicans quickly claimed that they were on the verge of controlling the chamber .
“ A new bipartisan , coalition is being established that is bringing real reform to the Senate right now , ” Republicans said in a statement emailed to reporters at 3:20 p.m .
As the events were unfolding on the floor , Mr. Smith huddled in the hall just off the Senate chamber and consulted with his staff .
When asked what was occurring , he responded , “ I ’m trying to find out right now . ”
Mr. Smith held a news conference in the early evening , denouncing the Republican maneuver as “ scurrilous ” and insisting that the Democrats were still in charge .
He insisted the vote was illegal because it had taken place after the session had already been adjourned .
“ It ’s sad that the Republicans would chose to disrupt the business of this house , ” he said .
“ We have many crucial issue that are important to us that has to get done , some of which are expiring , and obviously for them it was all about politics and not about the 19.5 million people in the state of New York .
And I would hope that the public is outraged .
I hope that the public will call their senators , the Republican senators , and say , ‘ How dare you ? ' ”
Mr. Smith added : “ Let ’s just be very clear , very clear , that the Senate majority is still in Democratic hands and will be in Democratic hands .
And we will finish our business and we will adjourn and go home at the appropriate time . ”
Earlier , at 4:44 p.m. , Mr. Smith ’s office released a statement insisting that control of the Senate had not changed hands .
“ This was an illegal and unlawful attempt to gain control of the Senate and reverse the will of the people who voted for a Democratic majority , ” Austin Shafran , a spokesman for Mr. Smith , said .
“ Nothing has changed .
Senator Malcolm A. Smith remains the duly elected temporary president and majority leader .
The real Senate majority is anxious to get back to governing , and will take immediate steps to get us back to work . ”
Also , Hank Sheinkopf , an adviser to Mr. Smith , denounced the senators behind the revolt .
“ This is obviously an attempt by a couple of people to get personal power at the expense of the taxpayers , ” Mr. Sheinkopf said .
“ It disrupts the Senate at a critical period , when issues like mayoral control are yet undecided .
And the taxpayers are going to remember these guys by first and last name next year . ”
Until January , Republicans had controlled the State Senate for more than four decades .
Democrats won a majority of Senate seats in the November elections , but only after three dissident senators who were being courted by Republicans , including Mr. Espada and Mr. Monserrate , agreed to elect Mr. Smith .
Why Mr. Espada and Mr. Monserrate suddenly defected on Monday afternoon was not immediately clear .
Both men are under investigation by the authorities .
The state attorney general ’s office is investigating a health care agency , Soundview HealthCare Network , that Mr. Espada ran until recently .
And Mr. Monserrate , who was indicted on felony assault charges in March stemming from an attack on his companion , would automatically be thrown out of office if convicted .
If Mr. Monserrate is convicted , the Senate would be evenly split between the parties , 31 to 31 .
But with the lieutenant governor ’s office vacant until the 2010 elections , there would be no tie - breaking vote in the chamber unless one or more other senators changed sides .
The coup could also complicate prospects for Gov. David A. Paterson , who is fighting to build a record on which to run for re-election and who requires a functioning Senate in order do so .
One source of contention among Democrats recently has been Mr. Smith ’s support for same - sex marriage .
Senator Rubén Díaz Sr. , a Democrat from the Bronx , has been outspoken in his insistence that legislation allowing gay couples to marry not be allowed to come to a vote .
Some had speculated he might leave the Democratic Party if Mr. Smith were to allow a vote .
But Mr. Díaz did not join Mr. Espada and Mr. Monserrate in the leadership vote on Monday .
It was not immediately clear whether the same - sex marriage legislation played any role in the leadership dispute .
One person backing the revolt to put Republicans back in charge was Tom Golisano , the Rochester businessman and founder of Responsible New York , a political action committee that gave thousands of dollars to Senate Democrats last year to help them take control of the Senate , but who has become increasingly critical of the party .
Mr. Golisano recently announced that he was moving his legal residence to Florida out of anger about the budget deal crafted in April by Democratic leaders in Albany , which included an increase in taxes on high earners .
Mr. Golisano played a role in negotiating original deal under which Mr. Espada and Mr. Monserrate — along with Mr. Díaz and Senator Carl Kruger of Brooklyn — gave their support to Mr. Smith .
Steve Pigeon , his aide de camp , has been a frequent presence in Albany in recent weeks , and said Monday that Mr. Golisano felt betrayed by Mr. Smith because the Democratic leader had not delivered the overhaul of Senate rules he had promised upon taking power .
“ He feels very strongly that he backed Malcolm Smith , and Smith did n’t keep his word , and did n’t make the changes he said he would , ” Mr. Pigeon .
“ What you will see now is power - sharing , real reform . ”
The apparent change of power sent shock waves in political circles across the state .
At City Hall , in Lower Manhattan , stunned members of the New York City Council walked into the press room to watch the news unfold on local television .
“ I ’m floored , ” said Vincent M. Ignizio , a Republican city councilman and former state assemblyman from Staten Island .
To balance its budget for the next year , the City Council needs Albany to approve two proposed sales tax increases .
“ This will turn the budget process on its head , ” Mr. Ignizio said .
Michael Barbaro and Nicholas Confessore contributed reporting from New York City .
Enlarge By Allesandra Tarantino , AP German Paul Biedermann reacts to beating Michael Phelps and breaking his record in the 200 - meter freestyle in Rome on Tuesday .
ROME 
The swimming world , beset by a furor over high - tech suits , turned even more topsy - turvy Tuesday .
Michael Phelps lost .
NO EXCUSES : Phelps takes the blame for loss PHOTO GALLERY :
See the top photos from Rome Germany 's Paul Biedermann 's victory against Phelps in the 200 - meter freestyle at the world championships struck to the heart of the suit controversy :
It was unclear , even to Biedermann , whether he won because he was wearing a faster suit or because he was simply faster .
NOT SO FAST : FINA approves proposal to ban advanced suits in 2010 TUMBLING : Records falling at alarming rate " I hope there will be a time again when I can beat Michael Phelps without the suit , " said Biedermann , who broke Phelps ' world record , finishing more than a second ahead of him in 1 minute , 42 seconds .
" But I also think it 's not all about the suit . "
The loss was Phelps ' first at a major international meet since the 2005 worlds .
Phelps said that Biedermann , who has improved his 200 free time by four seconds since the Olympics , is " in a lot better shape than I am . "
Biedermann wore a new suit made of buoyancy - enhancing , friction - reducing polyurethane .
Phelps was in a 2008 suit made by Speedo .
" The headlines are always who 's wearing what suit , " Phelps said .
" It 's not swimming .
I 'm looking forward to the day that we 're able to call our sport swimming again . "
Minutes before Phelps and Biedermann stepped on the blocks , FINA announced that its executive body agreed to new restrictions on suit material and style passed by the FINA membership last week .
FINA is undecided when the new rules will be in place .
Phelps ' coach , Bob Bowman , said Phelps will not enter another meet until they are .
" The sport is in shambles right now .
They better do something or they 're going to lose their guy who fills these seats , " Bowman said .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Lindsey Graham admitted that he was godfather to two children disgraced Gov. Mark Sanford in South Carolina .
How does NBC expect Graham to be objective in any sense of the word ?
He should not be on TV talking about this situation .
Graham and Romney and the rest of the Republicans are hypocritical windbags for defending Sanford now when they all tried to get Bill Clinton impeached .
Sanford left his state completely without leadership for almost a full week and if an emergency had occurred in South Carolina there was nobody with the authority to help his constituents .
That is the firing offense for Sanford .
He was derelict in his duty .
All he had to do was give the word and the Lt. Governor could have taken over , but he was in love so it 's just alright if you listen to the Peggy Noonans of the conservative movement .
MTP :
MR. GREGORY : ... of South Carolina .
Governor Mark Sanford disappeared for five days then announced that , in fact , he'd had a mistress , he was visiting a mistress in Argentina .
He misled his staff , he misled the voters .
Should he resign ?
SEN .
GRAHAM : Well , the first thing , I 'm the godfather of Mark and Jenny 's youngest child , so I 'm just going to put that on the table .
My main focus right now is can this marriage be saved ?
Can these kids have a mom and dad to guide them through life ?
That is my main focus .
I think if Mark can reconcile with Jenny , and that 's not going to be easy , that he can finish his last 18 months .
He 's had a good reform agenda .
And I do believe that if , if he can reconcile with his family and if he 's willing to try , that the people of South Carolina would be willing to give him a second chance .
But he 's also got to reconcile the legislature .
If he can get his family back together , I think he can continue out his term and maybe do some good things next year .
Suddenly the party of moral values is the party of sinners .
SEN .
GRAHAM : Yeah .
I think we 're a party of sinners , just like every other group in America , but we 're also a party that openly talks about good things .
It is good for Mark and Jenny to get back together , if that 's possible , because it 's good for families to have a mom and dad .
And it 's OK to talk about those things .
And part of life is failing .
So from Mark 's point of view , if he can get his family back together , people are pretty fair in this country .
Bill Clinton had his problems .
People looked at his job performance , they looked at his personal failings and they said , " You know what , we 're going to put one over here and the other over there . "
That 's no justification for what Mark did , but I think the people of South Carolina appreciate what Mark tried to do as governor to change their state .
Sanford 's presser was crazy .
The people of South Carolina should be asking , " Was Sanford in his right mind dealing with the stimulus package ? "
He was refusing the money to a state in deep unemployment and obviously battling being in love with another woman .
Well we knew that , but if you think Americans will be easily duped by the claim Sanford was acting in their best interests , think again .
And Graham 's remarks underscore the fact that the witch hunt that Republicans and the media perpetrated on Bill Clinton was disgusting and should never be forgiven .
The same behavior now is OK in their books , of course , if it involves a Republican .
SEN .
GRAHAM : And they 're very disappointed in what he did as Mark the individual and his malfeasance at , at times , but they can reconcile the two only if , if Jenny and Mark can get back together .
I think the people of South Carolina will give him a second chance .
MR .
GREGORY : Do you think you had that kind of compassion during the impeachment proceedings against President Clinton ?
SEN .
GRAHAM : Well , I can tell you this .
I 'm the only Republican that voted against the article that dealt with lying about Monica Lewinsky , because I think lying about a consensual affair when you 're blindsided is not a high crime or misdemeanor .
The reason I vote for impeachment is because it was a lawsuit about nonconsensual behavior where President Clinton was accused of doing some very crude things ; he manipulated witnesses , he undermined the integrity of the legal system like Richard Nixon undermined the integrity of the political system .
That 's what I focused on , not the fact that he lied about a consensual event .
Riiight , and Sanford did n't fly to Argentina on the state 's dime and did n't lie about it and did n't leave his state without leadership and none of the charges he raised against Clinton were proved true .
MR. GREGORY : Governor , do you think that family values , values generally is still a central pillar of what the Republican Party stands for ?
GOV .
ROMNEY : Absolutely .
There 's no question in my mind but that our ...
MR .
GREGORY : And do you think the public believes this after a string of personal failings that have happened to Democrats and certainly plenty of Republicans ?
GOV .
ROMNEY : I , I , I do n't think there 's any question but that we aspire to the highest standards of ethical conduct and that we aspire to values that 'll make America stronger .
There 's no question .
But the best think you can do for raising a child is to have a mom and dad love each other in a home .
And , and to say that and to say we want to see marriage between men and women , that we want to see families raised with the benefit of people who are married , that 's a , that 's a very important part of our culture .
It 's part of what our , our parties believes .
We believe in life .
These features are important .
And do we have people who do n't live up to those standards ?
Absolutely .
That 's , that 's going to be true .
But not speaking about things that are important ...
MR .
GREGORY : Right .
GOV .
ROMNEY : ... would be an enormous mistake .
MR. GREGORY : But are you sensitive at all to critics on the left who say , you know , Republicans are hypocrites when they go out there and talk about family values ?
GOV .
ROMNEY : You know , I 'm always going to be sensitive to people who are attacking on one side or the other .
But I 'll tell you , I 'd rather be talking about the truth and indicating that sometimes people fall short than not saying what 's true .
And what is true is that America is a stronger nation if we have a culture which includes the creation of families with moms and dads and marriage and sacrifice for the next generation .
SEN .
GRAHAM : You know , and I do n't believe Democrats are for dysfunctional families .
We do n't have any ownership .
I think President Obama , quite frankly , has been one of the better role models in the entire country for the idea of being a good parent , a good father .
So this idea that , that , that we 're for good families and Democrats are silent 's not true .
I think we fail on both sides .
But quite frankly , President Obama has done a lot of good in his -- the way he carries himself and conducts himself in the area of family .
And I think Graham was embarrassed for Romney , who tried to say that conservatives are the only people who believe in families .
Idiot .
This guy is the Republicans ' leading candidate for 2012 ?
“ The Secret Sentry ” by Matthew Aid is a comprehensive new history of the National Security Agency , from its origins in World War II through its Cold War successes , failures and scandals up until the present .
Aid , an independent historian who is also a visiting fellow at the National Security Archive , has synthesized a tremendous amount of research into a narrative that is highly readable and sometimes gripping .
All of the familiar stops are there , including the Truman memo of 1952 that established the Agency , the Gulf of Tonkin incident , KAL 007 , 9/11 and on to today .
But the book also includes quite a bit of unfamiliar historical material , and almost any reader is likely to discover something new and interesting .
I learned , for example , that a few months after seizing the USS Pueblo in 1968 , North Korea published a book in French containing the full text of many captured NSA documents , some of which , Mr. Aid says , are still considered to be classified today ( p. 142 ) .
What will make The Secret Sentry indispensable to researchers are its nearly one hundred pages of endnotes , which constitute a unique finding aid to the most current archival releases , internal agency histories , and other valuable records .
Some of the documents gathered by Mr. Aid in the course of his decades of research later vanished from public stacks at the National Archives , prompting him to realize that some government agencies were silently — and often improperly — reclassifying declassified records .
Portions of those now inaccessible records have been integrated into this new history .
Inevitably , the book contains some minor errors .
Mr. Aid repeats an assertion by the 9/11 Commission that Osama bin Laden was alerted to NSA monitoring of his satellite phone as the result of a 1998 news story that appeared in the Washington Times ( p. 383 , note 69 ) .
But he neglects to note that this assertion has been effectively refuted .
( See , e.g. , “ File the Bin Laden Phone Leak Under ‘ Urban Myths ' ” by Glenn Kessler , Washington Post , December 22 , 2005 . )
The author is generous in his citations to the leading authors in the intelligence field , from David Wise and David Kahn to Seymour Hersh and Jeffrey Richelson and other less celebrated writers — with one strange and disconcerting exception .
There is not a single reference in the entire book to James Bamford , whose 1983 book The Puzzle Palace , among others , blazed the trail that The Secret Sentry follows .
Perhaps Mr. Aid felt it was necessary to ignore Mr. Bamford so as not to be constantly agreeing or disagreeing with him , and confirming or disputing his accounts .
If that is the case , he ought to have said so .
The Secret Sentry is being published this week by Bloomsbury Press .
( PhysOrg.com ) --
A team of physicists from the Universities of Cambridge and Birmingham have shown that electrons in narrow wires can divide into two new particles called spinons and a holons .
The electron is a fundamental building block of nature and is indivisible in isolation , yet a new experiment has shown that electrons , if crowded into narrow wires , are seen to split apart .
The electron is responsible for carrying electricity in wires and for making magnets .
These two properties of magnetism and electric charge are carried by electrons which seem to have no size or shape and are impossible to break apart .
However , what is true about the properties of a single electron does not seem to be the case when electrons are brought together .
Instead the like - charged electrons repel each other and need to modify the way they move to avoid getting too close to each other .
In ordinary metals this does not usually make much difference to their behaviour .
However , if the electrons are put in a very narrow wire the effects are exacerbated as they find it much harder to move past each other .
In 1981 , physicist Duncan Haldane conjectured theoretically that under these circumstances and at the lowest temperatures the electrons would always modify the way they behaved so that their magnetism and their charge would separate into two new types of particle called spinons and holons .
The challenge was to confine electrons tightly in a ' quantum wire ' and bring this wire close enough to an ordinary metal so that the electrons in that metal could ' jump ' by quantum tunneling into the wire .
By observing how the rate of jumping varies with an applied magnetic field the experiment reveals how the electron , on entering the quantum wire , has to fall apart into spinons and holons .
The conditions to make this work comprised a comb of wires above a flat metal cloud of electrons .
The Cambridge physicists , Yodchay Jompol and Chris Ford , clearly saw the distinct signatures of the two new particles as the Birmingham theorists , Tim Silk and Andy Schofield , had predicted .
Dr Chris Ford from the University of Cambridge 's Cavendish Laboratory says , ' We had to develop the technology to pass a current between a wire and a sheet only 30 atomic widths apart .
' The measurements have to be made at extremely low temperatures , about a tenth of a degree above absolute zero .
' Quantum wires are widely used to connect up quantum " dots " , which may in the future form the basis of a new type of computer , called a quantum computer .
Thus understanding their properties may be important for such quantum technologies , as well as helping to develop more complete theories of superconductivity and conduction in solids in general .
This could lead to a new computer revolution . '
Professor Andy Schofield from the University of Birmingham 's School of Physics and Astronomy says , ' The experiment to test this is based on an idea I had together with three colleagues almost 10 years ago .
At that time the technology required to implement the experiment was still a long way off .
' What is remarkable about this new experiment is not just the clarity of the observation of the spinon and holon , which confirms some earlier studies , but that the spinon and holon are seen well beyond the region that Duncan Haldane originally conjectured .
' Our ability to control the behaviour of a single electron is responsible for the semiconductor revolution which has led to cheaper computers , iPods and more .
Whether we will be able to control these new particles as successfully as we have the single electron remains to be seen .
What it does reveal is that bringing electrons together can lead to new properties and even new particles . '
More information :
The paper is published in Science at dx.doi.org/10.1126/science.1171769
Source : University of Cambridge ( news : web )
Explore further Quantum physicists control supercurrent
Jamaican reggae star Buju Banton faces life in prison for federal drug trafficking charges .
Buju Banton , who is nominated for a Grammy Award for his album “ Dawn ” will be in court on Monday for federal drug trafficking charges for the second time after previously having a deadlocked / hung jury in September 2010 .
According to reports , Buju Banton born Mark Myrie , 37 , was videotaped by authorities testing cocaine in 2009 .
The artist is stated to have placed his finger in the illegal drug substance to get a sampling of it .
According to the singer , he was entrapped by an informant who is stated to be “ confidential ” and he reportedly tried to impress them and got way over his head .
Banton also claimed that he believed the person could help him in his music career .
Meanwhile , government officials state that the reggae star plotted to buy a cocaine shipment from an undercover officer .
As for fans of Buju Banton , the Miami Herald is reporting that many believe that he is being framed by the government and also gay activists who are upset of his lyrics in which he actively promotes being anti-gay .
North Korea has a reputation as one of the most secretive , authoritarian , repressive countries in the world .
But that does n’t stop Curtis Melvin , a PhD student at George Mason University , from trying to shine some light into the country ’s dark corners .
Using knowledge gleaned from his own trips to North Korea , as well as tips from many others who have visited , Curtis and his crew of civilian spies have managed to plot into Google Maps previously unknown sites in North Korea such as secret prison camps , vast burial mounds , and missile storage facilities .
His interactive project , called “ North Korea Uncovered , ” has literally thousands of entries and is the most exhaustive map of North Korea to date .
The Wall Street Journal recently had a front - page article about Curtis ’ project called “ Gulags , Nukes and a Water Slide : Citizen Spies Lift North Korea ’s Veil . ”
“ Mr. Melvin and his correspondents have plotted out what they say is much of the country ’s transportation network and electrical grid , and many of its military bases , ” according to the article .
“ They ’ve spotted what they believe are mass graves created in the 1995 - 98 famine that killed an estimated two million people .
The vast complexes of Mr. Kim and other North Korean leaders are visible , with palatial homes , pools , even a water slide . ”
The fascinating map is available for download here .
MSNBC ’s Rachel Maddow recently chatted with Curtis about the project here .
Gadling ’s own first - person coverage of the secretive country , “ Infiltrating North Korea , ” is here .
% Gallery - 64688 %
BREAKING : Obama Administration Wants CIA Torture Report Withheld Until August 31
Created : July 02 , 2009 17:28 | Last updated : July 31 , 2020 00:00
Word ’s coming now that the Obama administration is seeking to withhold the CIA ’s 2004 inspector - general report on the implementation of its former “ enhanced interrogation regime ” until August 31 .
The ACLU , which had an agreement with the administration to declassify the report as part of a Freedom of Information Act lawsuit , is going to challenge the administration ’s efforts .
More soon .
Update : Just got a hold of the court documents .
Check them out after the jump .
The Justice Department argues that the volume of material it needs to go through in the CIA ’s 2004 inspector general report is just too great to meet any pre-August 31 timetable .
Not only is the IG report itself 200 pages , that ’s just one of 319 documents under review as part of the case .
The ACLU replies that the CIA and the Justice Department have already missed three deadlines for the agreed - upon disclosure , and lawyer Amrit Singh writes that she ’s “ disturbed by the clear trend emerging in the government ’s repeated delays in disclosure of documents critical to a complete understanding of the CIA ’s interrogation program . ”
She says that instead of delaying , Judge Alvin Hellerstein should order the “ expediting the reprocessing and release of all CIA documents at issue . ”
Update 2 : This is a statement from ACLU national security chief Jameel Jaffer :
The CIA has already had more than five months to review the inspector general ’s report , and the report is only about two hundred pages long .
We ’re increasingly troubled that the Obama administration is suppressing documents that would provide more evidence that the CIA ’s interrogation program was both ineffective and illegal .
President Obama should not allow the CIA to determine whether evidence of its own unlawful conduct should be made available to the public .
The public has a right to know what took place in the CIA ’s secret prisons and on whose authority .
Here ’s the Department of Justice letter :
And here ’s the ACLU ’s letter in response :
–
* You can follow TWI on Twitter and Facebook . *
As ranking member on the House Intelligence Committee from 2003 to 2006 , I was part of the so - called Gang of Eight -- a group made up of the House and Senate leaders plus the chairs and ranking members of the two chambers ’ intelligence committees that is required by law to be briefed on the CIA ’s “ covert ” action programs .
Those briefings were conducted roughly quarterly at the White House -- either in the vice president ’s office or the Situation Room .
Most of the ones I attended concerned a code - named program now known as the Terrorist Surveillance Program .
Respectful of the double oath I signed to protect highly classified material , I did not take notes or speak to anyone about the meetings .
However , comments by Michael Hayden , former director of the National Security Agency and the CIA , that the Gang of Eight was “ fully ” briefed on the TSP prompt me to disclose , for the first time , what they were like .
In virtually every meeting , Hayden would present PowerPoint “ slides , ” walking us through the operational details of the TSP .
The program has since been described , in part , as one that intercepted communications to and from the U.S. in an effort to uncover terrorist networks and prevent or disrupt attacks .
We were told that the program was the centerpiece of our counter - terrorism efforts , legal and yielding impressive results .
Often present were CIA officials ( including then - Director George Tenet ) and then - White House counsel Alberto R. Gonzales .
Missing was any Justice Department presence -- a tipoff , in retrospect , to the legal limbo under which the program operated .
Advertisement
Fast - forward to the jaw - dropping inspectors general report released this month , which makes clear that the TSP ’s legal underpinnings were fatally flawed and its results minimal .
Those topics consumed scant time at our briefings .
Why ?
It is now clear to me that we learned only what the briefers wanted to tell us -- even though they were required by law to keep us “ fully and currently informed . ”
Absent the ability to do any independent research , it did not occur to me then that the program was operated wholly outside of the framework Congress created as the exclusive means to conduct such surveillance : the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act .
Nor did I know that the Justice Department was cut out of the process , and that one lawyer , John Yoo , had drafted the internal memo justifying the TSP under the president ’s Article 2 authorities .
A new head of the Office of Legal Counsel repudiated that memo , citing the “ shoddiness ” of the legal reasoning .
Among other things , it even failed to cite the key Supreme Court precedent -- the steel - seizure case -- which held in 1952 that when Congress has acted on an issue ( as it did by passing FISA in 1978 ) , the president ’s power is at its “ lowest ebb . ”
And I did not know -- until I read it in the press -- of the 2004 drama at then - Atty .
Gen. John Ashcroft ’s hospital bedside , when Bush officials sought his sign - off on an extension of the program .
I recall being told that there was a “ glitch ” in the approval process .
A glitch ?
More like a near - hijacking of our democracy .
Advertisement
Much has happened since .
The Yoo memo was officially discredited and replaced .
After considerable resistance , the Bush administration finally briefed the full intelligence committees , and FISA was amended to assure its application to the TSP .
In a July 16 Op - Ed article in the Wall Street Journal , Yoo wrote that “ it is absurd to think that a law like FISA should inhibit live military operations against potential attacks on the United States . ”
I see it rather differently .
While our country had experienced the worst terrorist attack in our history , the Orwellian solution conjured up by a small group in the Bush administration was to shred our laws and Constitution in order to save us -- a false and unnecessary choice .
Security and liberty are not a zero-sum game .
Our Constitution protects both .
Members of each branch of government take an oath to uphold the Constitution .
Bipartisan oversight by Congress to assure that the laws we pass are faithfully executed is an indispensable part of that equation .
The House and Senate intelligence authorization bills would require increased notification , including , in the House bill , information on lawfulness , cost , benefit and risk .
The White House has issued a veto threat , citing constitutional concerns .
Surely both sides -- and policy -- would profit more from a robust partnership .
Now Bloomberg is finally on Sergio 's case .
Cutting to the chase , assistant U.S. Attorney Facciponti has some choice words :
“ The bank has raised the possibility that there is a danger that somebody who knew how to use this program could use it to manipulate markets in unfair ways , ” Facciponti said .
“ The copy in Germany is still out there , and we at this time do not know who else has access to it . ”
The prosecutor added , “ Once it is out there , anybody will be able to use this , and their market share will be adversely affected . ”
The proprietary code lets the firm do “ sophisticated , high - speed and high - volume trades on various stock and commodities markets , ” prosecutors said in court papers .
The trades generate “ many millions of dollars ” each year .
Not even going to attempt to elucidate in how many different ways the first sentence above is just ... plain wrong .
At least it is refreshing that none other than Goldman 's own de facto attorney admits that the firm has created a piece of code that permits " market manipulation . "
When Goldman is the perpetrator , the manipulation is conveyed via " fair ways . "
And when the manipulator is someone else , the ways become " unfair . "
Of course , Goldman will be happy to know that according to PACER , Aleynikov has just posted bail and is freely roaming the grounds of SDNY , EDNY and District of New Jersey , however the " PTS Office shall be permitted , to the extent possible , to monitor the deft 's use of computer 's or other electronic devices at his home or place of business to ensure that the deft does not access the data that is the subject of this criminal action . "
Something tells me monitoring Sergio's ( former ) place of business will yield a lot more clues in the prosecution 's gathering of data for criminal action .
Maybe I am too drunk but ... what the hell is going on here ?
When will Kevin Mitnick appear stage left and hold the world ransom for one hundred million dollars after announcing he has hijacked every SPY ETF ever put in circulation .
A 14 - year - old boy in China drank gasoline for five years in the hope of becoming a Transformer , a report has claimed .
The Yibin City youth consumed the petrol to obtain energy and become a " valiant fighter " like Optimus Prime , after watching the animated version of the successful film franchise , his father told Shanghai Daily .
The drinking pattern began in 2004 when the teenager 's mother owned a grocery stall , while she noticed that lighters were going missing from the stand .
" He began to drink gasoline five years ago , when we found [ out ] he liked smelling lighter fuel , " his dad said .
" Afterwards , we found our motorcycle 's gasoline was always disappearing , and one day when we found the boy had drunk a half bottle of gasoline stolen from the motorcycle , we were too shocked to say anything . "
The boy 's level of intelligence has decreased significantly as a result of his desire to emulate his heroes .
" Since my son started to drink gas , his IQ has dropped sharply and now he can't figure out simple addition and subtraction .
Before that , he was a very smart boy , and he could even repair the television .
But now he does not know the answer of 7 plus 17 . "
The teenager 's parents took him to a local area hospital where he was diagnosed with a mental disorder and a strong " gasoline dependency " .
" The gasoline contains a lot of lead , which can do harm to people 's brains .
To make things even worse , the boy is in the physical development stage , and the lead has caused serious damage to his body , " Dr Peng Houquan added .
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
Reply :
Your claim that the fruit is wonderful is not in dispute .
However , such statements are potentially misleading , because they suggest that modern fruit , in general , is closer to wild than it really is .
So you planted a seed ; it grew into a tree that gives high - quality fruit .
Where did the seed come from ?
From a cultivated fruit , or a wild fruit ?
Almost certainly , the seed came from a cultivated fruit .
What this means , then , is that your fruit tree is simply generation number N+1 of human - controlled varietal selection , and the seed it came from was generation number N.
Thus your wonderful fruit tree is not very wild at all , but simply the next step in varietal selection .
If the seed you used came from a wild tree , you might argue that your fruit is " nearly " wild , but that is apparently not the case here .
( The above also shows how one must look very closely at fruitarian claims . )
Comment seen elsewhere : " I was told that wild dates can be 70 - 80 % sugar , and cultivated ones as low as 30 % sugar .
Does n't this contradict the table 's claim that wild fruits are often lower in sugar than cultivated ? "
Reply :
The proposition that wild fruits are lower in sugar than cultivated is a generalization , and there may be some exceptions .
( The references section ( below ) provides some examples where the wild precursors of popular modern sweet fruits are very sour and / or inedible . )
Furthermore , the claim you report is vague and potentially dubious .
Let 's look at some facts regarding dates , and then evaluate the claim regarding wild dates .
Types of dates : Dates are soft , semi-dry , or dry .
This refers to the level of hydration ( water content ) at which the date is normally consumed .
Obviously , dry dates have a generally lower moisture content than fresh , moist , soft dates .
Julia Morton , in Fruits of Warm Climates ( 1987 , p. 9 ) reports :
Soft dates may be picked early while they are still light - colored .
Semi - dry dates may be picked as soon as they are soft and then ripened artificially ...
Dry dates may be left on the palm until fully ripe ...
Extremely dry weather will cause dates to shrivel on the palm .
Morton ( p. 11 ) reports the summary composition of dates , per 100 gm edible portion : Fresh dates --
Water : 31.9-78.5 gm
CHO : 36.6 gm ( CHO = carbohydrate , nearly all of which is sugar ) .
Water : 31.9-78.5 gm CHO : 36.6 gm ( CHO = carbohydrate , nearly all of which is sugar ) .
Dried dates --
Water : 7.0-26.1 gm
CHO : 72.9-77.6 gm USDA Handbook 8 - 9 ( 1982 ) , p. 97 , lists dates as 73.51 gm CHO per 100 gm edible portion .
Paul Popenoe , in The Date Palm ( 1973 , Field Research Projects , orig .
written 1924 , p. 134 ) reports that cultivated dates are 70 - 90 % sugar .
Finally , an analysis of four commercial Iraqi date cultivars by Yousif et al .
( " Chemical Composition of Four Iraqi Date Cultivars , " Date Palm Journal , 1982 , ( 2):285-294 ) , showed sugar content in the range ~ 86 - 88 % , dry weight .
Adjusting the dry weights to reflect original " wet " weight gives a sugar percentage range from 79.40 to 81.49 , or approximately 80 % .
So , while we can't rule out the possibility the claim of 30 % sugar for a very few select commercial cultivars might be true ( the claimant here , however , apparently put forth no proposed , specific , named cultivar ) , it appears that the 70 - 90 % sugar figure quoted by Popenoe is more realistic for the typical , popular commercial varieties .
Now , let us evaluate the claim regarding wild dates .
If sugar content is actually 70 - 80 % as reported , then by default , water content is 30 % or less , and maybe even below 20 % .
Thus , the wild date is a " dry " variety and / or has dried on the tree .
If you take the water away from a date , the sugar content per 100 gm will increase -- for evidence of this , compare the nutritional analyses for dried grapes ( raisins ) vs. fresh grapes ; dried apricots vs. fresh apricots ; etc .
A date with only 30 % sugar is almost certainly a soft ( moist ) variety .
Thus we observe that for a comparison of wild vs. cultivated dates to be meaningful in the context of this discussion , the dates must meet certain conditions :
Both dates to be compared must be of the same " type " -- soft , semi-dry , or dry .
Both must have been picked at the same stage of ripeness .
This is very critical , as dates left on the palm will dehydrate , which increases sugar content by weight .
The claim as reported does not provide the above documentation .
Hence the claim is vague , and it does not serve as a counterexample .
Further , it appears that the claim is comparing a dry - type date , or dried wild date , against the lowest possible sugar content for a fresh , soft - type date .
This suggests that those making the claim are presenting only data that supports their views ( data selection bias ) , while in reality , the common commercial date varieties ( as sold ) are in the same sugar range that is claimed for the wild dates .
This leads to the opinion that the claim may simply be a half - truth ; partially true but misleading and unrealistic .
In my opinion and experience , some so - called dietary " experts " promoting alternative diets deal predominantly in such half - truths .
Comment received : " I was told by a ' fruitarian ' expert that after generations of hybridization , a hybrid strain will die out or revert to a precursor form .
I was also told that a seedless hybrid plant might begin producing seeds , and that this was a sign of genetic recession ; the example of pineapple was cited .
Is there a limit on hybridization ? "
Reply :
The claims you cite are partially true , and partially false ; this may be a sign of what is referred to as crank science , so you should evaluate such claims carefully .
In order to answer your claim , some background information must be reviewed first , as follows .
There are indeed limits on hybridization .
Generally , only closely related plants can be crossed to yield hybrids .
One could not cross an apple and an orange , for example .
Genetic mutations can and do occur .
The grapefruit variety " Star Ruby , " for example , was produced by taking seeds from a deep red , seeded grapefruit that originated as a chance mutation -- one branch on a grapefruit tree -- and irradiating the seeds to develop a seedless strain .
( Note : genetic mutations can be induced chemically ; this is used with cloning to develop new strains . )
Many common fruits are " polyembryonic , " e.g. , citrus , mangos , and many others .
This means that when planted , the plants that grow from such seeds are not necessarily the same as the parent .
This genetic variation is used by humans in the process of varietal selection to develop large , low - fiber , high - sugar - content fruit .
There are strong evolutionary reasons for a polyembryonic plant to include , in its range of genetic variation , wild or precursor strains -- precisely because those strains , unlike the cultivated strains , pass the test of survival of the fittest .
That is , those strains can survive in the wild .
( If we allow ourselves the egoism to claim that we understand the laws of nature , then survival of the fittest is clearly nature 's " first law , " and modern hybrid fruit does not satisfy that law ! :-) )
Given the above background , I would comment that hybrids generally do die out unless reproduced via vegetative propagation ( grafting , budding , cloning ) -- they are biologically " weak " in evolutionary terms ; that is a major point of the table .
Also , hybrids can revert to wild or precursor forms via chance genetic combination / mutation or normal polyembryonic genetic variation ( the latter if seeds from the hybrid are planted for varietal selection / evaluation ) .
These facts , however , do not place specific limits on crossing -- which is limited by the genetic compatibility of the material that you want to use for producing each new hybrid .
Further , the genetic compatibility of a cross does not necessarily reflect the robustness or viability of a hybrid .
A new hybrid may be very susceptible to insects , bacteria , viruses , hence not commercially viable .
Such hybrids are culled out , as the goal of hybridization is to produce new commercial strains of fruits .
So in real life , hybridization may lead to new varieties of fruits , but it can also lead to some dead - ends .
There is no magic number of crosses beyond which hybridization is no longer feasible , and beyond which the plant must die out or revert to a precursor form ( as your " expert " implies or suggests ) ; instead , everything depends on the nature of the preceding crosses , and on luck .
We cannot perfectly control or predict the outcome of crossing two plants ; the result may be success or failure .
Dead - ends and genetic recession are real - life aspects of this inexact process , but they do n't preclude the use of hybridization to develop plants with marketable commercial traits , e.g. , high sugar content and low fiber in fruits .
The claim regarding pineapple seeds ( that a seedless hybrid plant might begin producing seeds , constituting a sign of genetic recession ) is humorous , and suggests that your fruit " expert " is ignorant regarding fruit .
Seeds in pineapples are generally not a sign of genetic recession .
Pineapples may produce seeds , but the cultivated pineapples do n't because in commercial cultivation they are not pollinated .
From Fruits of Warm Climates , by Julia Morton ( 1987 ) , p. 18 : If the [ pineapple ] flowers are pollinated , small , hard seeds may be present , but generally one finds only traces of undeveloped seeds .
Since hummingbirds are the principal pollinators , these birds are prohibited in Hawaii to avoid the development of undesired seeds .
I would note further that in some areas of the world , there are moths that provide pollination in a manner similar to the hummingbird ; e.g. , the hummingbird moth .
Finally , in case your " expert " someday finds seeds in bananas , and claims it is an example of genetic recession , here is Julia Morton on banana seeds ( Fruits of Warm Climates , 1987 , p. 30 ) :
The common cultivated types are generally seedless with just minute vestiges of ovules visible as brown specks in the slightly hollow or faintly pithy center , especially when the fruit is overripe .
Occasionally , cross - pollination by wild types [ wild bananas ] will result in a number of seeds in a normally seedless variety such as " Gros Michel , " but never in the Cavendish type .
Here 's an item that you should n't include in your ever - growing arsenal of electronic devices , including cellphones , iPods , PDAs , GPS trackers and laptops : the e-cigarette .
The Food and Drug Administration today released an analysis of 19 varieties of electronic cigarettes that says that half contained nitrosamines ( the same carcinogen found in real cigarettes ) and that many contained diethylene glycol , the poisonous ingredient in antifreeze .
Some that claimed to have no nicotine were found to have low levels of the drug .
E-cigarettes are promoted by their manufacturers as safer than traditional cigarettes because they do not burn tobacco .
Instead , a lithium battery in the cigarette - shaped device heats a solution of nicotine in propylene glycol , producing a fine mist that can be inhaled to deliver nicotine directly to the lungs .
An LED glows red at the tip and they even emit puffs of white smoke similar to that seen in stage shows .
The devices are available in more than 4,000 retail outlets nationwide , as well as on many websites , with a starting cost of $ 40 to $ 70 .
Over the last year , sales have grown from about $ 10 million to $ 100 million , according to the Electronic Cigarette Assn. , the industry 's trade group .
They also come in a variety of flavors , including chocolate , mint and apple , which make them appealing to children and adolescents .
Most of the e-cigarettes are produced in China , where they have become very popular .
The varieties tested by FDA , however , were produced by Smoking Everywhere , a Florida company , and Njoy Cigarettes of Scottsdale , Ariz .
In a telephone news conference , agency officials said " quality control processes used to manufacture these products are inconsistent or nonexistent . "
They have become very controversial .
Some countries , like Australia , have banned them because their health risks are unknown .
Action on Smoking and Health , an anti-tobacco group headed by activist John Banzhaf , has petitioned the FDA to regulate the products and Sen. Frank R. Lautenberg ( D - N.J. ) has called on the agency to remove them from the market immediately , a call that has been echoed by the American Heart Assn. , the American Lung Assn. and other groups .
Even though the e-cigarettes are marketed as healthy , critics charge that the delivery of nicotine directly to the lungs speeds its passage to the brain , enhancing the drug 's addictive properties .
Critics also said the devices are appealing to the young and could serve as a learning aid to promote smoking of actual cigarettes .
Stop - smoking experts say the devices are not useful for ending cigarette addiction because they do nothing to interrupt the hand - to - mouth behavior that is an integral part of the habit .
For its part , the FDA has classified e-cigarettes as a drug delivery device , which subjects them to regulation and requires proof of safety .
The agency has been examining and detaining the product at the border , halting more than 50 shipments , but has not taken any steps to remove it from the U.S. market .
The FDA has been sued by manufacturers that say the agency has no jurisdiction over the device because it is not marketed as a stop - smoking aid .
The discovery of carcinogens and toxins in at least two products may encourage the FDA to step up its actions against manufacturers .
The agency , however , has not said whether it will move against the makers of the tested products .
" Electronic cigarettes should be absolutely avoided because they clearly have toxic elements , " said Dr. Jonathan Whiteson , a pulmonologist at New York University Langone Medical Center .
" It is proven now that electronic cigarettes contain toxic elements .
Electronic cigarettes play no role in smoking cessation and do n't add to a healthier lifestyle . "
-- Thomas H. Maugh II
Photo :
The inventor of an electronic cigarette , Hon Lik , smokes his invention in Beiijng earlier this year .
Credit : AFP / Getty Images
I am on record as stating that Atlas Shrugged is the most economically informed novel ever written .
I teach from Dickens and Steinbeck as well , but the underlying economics in those works is confused at best .
Rand 's economic message is coherent , consistent , and follows from the classic teachings of the mainline of economic thinking from Smith through Say onward to Mises .
The narrative she spins in Atlas Shrugged captures well the consequences of public policies that stifle entrepreneurship and private enterprise , substitute state planning for market coordination , and justify fiscal irresponsibility and inflationary monetary policy .
In short , such policies destroy wealth in the name of redistributing it .
Justice is not served by such efforts , instead we get naked injustice .
As politicians of both parties ( Team Obama can not take full credit ) pursue similar policies to the one 's Rand describes as responsible for destroying the economy in our world today , is it any wonder that Rand 's book is flying off the shelves ?
Amity Shlaes sums up the situation with respect to Atlas as follows :
Imagine a novel of more than a thousand pages , published half a century ago .
The author does n’t have a talk - radio show and has been dead for 27 years .
As for the storyline , it is beyond dated : Humorless executives fight with humorless public officials over an industry that is , today , almost irrelevant to the U.S. economy - - railroads .
The prose itself is a disconcerting mixture of philosophy , industrial policy , and bodice - ripping : “ The wind blew her hair to blend with his .
She knew why he had wanted to walk through the mountains tonight . ”
In short , you would think “ Atlas Shrugged ” might be long forgotten .
Instead , Ayn Rand ’s novel is remembered more than ever .
This year the book is selling at a faster rate than last year .
Last year , sales were about 200,000 , higher than any year before that , including 1957 , when the book was published .
I just returned from a conference of BB&T Professors held at Clemson University , and co-sponsored by the Clemson Institute for the Study of Capitalism , and the Ayn Rand Institute .
The conference focused on teaching the moral foundations of capitalism at both the undergraduate and graduate level , and included faculty from some forty universities and in disciplines such as philosophy , politics , history , religious studies , as well as of course economics .
I learned a lot from the different people there about how they approach the subject of the study of capitalism and what sort of programs are effective in different environments and what programs are less effective .
I will be teaching Atlas Shrugged again this coming fall term .
I teach Rand 's novel within a comparative literary analysis alongside Dickens and Steinbeck guided by the lens of the economic way of thinking .
I have fun teaching the course , the students seem to enjoy the course , and we get to explore the deepest issue of our ( or any ) age --- the preconditions for social cooperation and human betterment .
What , if any , are your experiences in teaching economics using novels or other non-traditional sources ?
Nobody knows cyber security like F‑Secure .
For three decades , F‑Secure has driven innovations in cyber security , defending tens of thousands of companies and millions of people .
With unsurpassed experience in endpoint protection as well as detection and response , F‑Secure shields enterprises and consumers against everything from advanced cyber attacks and data breaches to widespread ransomware infections .
The Explorer
The Adventures of a Pythonista in Schemeland/29
by Michele Simionato
June 26 , 2009
Summary
In this episode I explain how to break hygiene in Scheme macros by using datum -> syntax .
I discuss how you can play with the lexical context .
Finally , I spend some word on non-hygienic macro systems versus hygienic systems .
Advertisement
Breaking hygiene
In the previous episode I said that hygienic macros are good , since they solve the variable capture problem .
However , purely hygienic macros introduce a problem of their own , since they make it impossible to introduce variables at all .
Consider for instance the following trivial macro :
( def - syntax ( define - a x ) #'( define a x ) )
( define - a x ) apparently expand to ( define a x ) , so you may find the following surprising :
> ( define -a 1 ) > a Unhandled exception Condition components : 1 . &undefined 2 . & who : eval 3 . &message : " unbound variable " 4 . &irritants : ( a )
Why is the variable a not bound to 1 ?
The problem is that hygienic macros never introduce identifiers implicitly .
Auxiliary names introduced in a macro are not visible outside and the only names which enter in the expansion are the ones we put in .
A mechanism to introduce identifiers , i.e. a mechanism to break hygiene , is needed if you want to define binding forms .
datum -> syntax revisited Scheme has a builtin mechanism to break hygiene , and we already saw it : it is the datum -> syntax utility which converts literal objects ( datums ) into syntax objects .
I have shown datum -> syntax at work in episodes 27 and 28 : it was used there to convert lists describing source code into syntax objects .
A more typical use case for datum -> syntax is to turn symbols into proper identifiers .
Such identifiers can then be introduced in macros and made visible to expanded code .
In order to understand the mechanism , you must always remember that identifiers in Scheme - in the technical sense of objects recognized by the identifier ?
predicate - are not just raw symbols , they are syntax objects with lexical information attached to them .
If you want to turn a raw symbol into an identifier you must add the lexical information to it , and this is done by copying the lexical information coming from the context object in datum -> syntax .
For instance , here is how you can " fix " the macro define - a : ( def-syntax ( define - a* x ) # `( define #,( datum -> syntax #' define - a* ' a ) x ) )
The symbol 'a here is being promoted to a bona fide identifier , by adding to it the lexical context associated to the macro name .
You can check that the identifier a is really introduced as follows : > ( define - a * 1 ) > a 1
A more realistic example is to use syntax -> datum to build new identifiers from strings .
For that purpose I have added an identifier - append utility in my ( aps lang ) library , defined as follow : ;; take an identifier and return a new one with an appended suffix ( define ( identifier - append id . strings ) ( define id - str ( symbol - > string ( syntax - > datum id ) ) ) ( datum - > syntax id ( string - > symbol ( apply string - append id - str strings ) ) ) )
Here is a simple def- book macro using identifier - append : ( def - syntax ( def - book name title author ) ( with - syntax ( ( name - title ( identifier - append #'name " - title " ) ) ( name - author ( identifier - append #'name " - author " ) ) ) #'( begin ( define name ( vector title author ) ) ( define name - title ( vector - ref name 0 ) ) ( define name - author ( vector - ref name 1 ) ) ) ) ) def - book here is just as an example of use of identifier - append , it is not as a recommended pattern to define records .
There are much better ways to define records in Scheme , as we will see in part VI of these Adventures .
Anyway , def - book works as follows .
Given a single identifier name and two values it introduces three identifiers in the current lexical scope : name ( bound to a vector containing the two values ) , name - title ( bound to the first value ) and name - author ( bound to the second value ) .
> ( def - book bible " The Bible " " God " ) > bible # ( " The Bible " " God " ) > bible - title " The Bible " > bible - author " God "
Playing with the lexical context
The lexical context is just the set of names which are visible to an object in a given lexical position in the source code .
Here is an example of a lexical context which is particularly restricted : #!r6rs ( library ( experimental dummy - ctxt ) ( export dummy - ctxt ) ( import ( only ( rnrs ) define syntax ) ) ( define dummy - ctxt # 'here ) )
The identifier # 'here only sees the names define , syntax and dummy - ctxt : this is the lexical context of any object in its position in the source code .
Had we not restricted the import , the lexical context of # 'here would have been the entire rnrs set of identifiers .
We can use dummy - ctxt to expand a macro into a minimal context .
Here is an example of a trivial macro expanding into such minimal context : > ( import ( experimental dummy - ctxt ) ) > ( def - syntax expand - to - car ( lambda ( x ) ( datum - > syntax dummy - ctxt ' car ) ) )
The macro expand - to - car expands to a syntax object obtained by attaching to the symbol ' car the lexical context dummy - ctxt .
Since in such lexical context the built - in car is not defined , the expansion fails : > ( expand - to - car ) Unhandled exception Condition components : 1 . &undefined 2 . & who : eval 3 . &message : " unbound variable " 4 . &irritants : ( car ) A similar macro expand - to - dummy - ctxt instead would succeed since dummy - ctxt is bound in that lexical context : > ( def - syntax expand - to - dummy - ctxt ( lambda ( x ) ( datum -> syntax dummy - ctxt ' dummy - ctxt ) ) ) > ( expand - to - dummy - ctxt ) #<syntax here [ char 115 of /home / micheles / gcode/scheme/aps/dummy-ctxt.sls ] >
In the definition of define - macro I gave in episode 28 I used the name of the defined macro as lexical context .
The consequence of this choice is that define - macro style macros are expanded within the lexical context of the code where the macro is invoked .
For instance in this example > ( let ( ( x 42 ) ) ( define - macro ( m ) 'x ) ; ( m ) should expand to 42 ( let ( (x 43 ) ) ( m ) ) ) 43 ; surprise ! ( m ) expand to 43 since in the lexical context where the macro is invoked x is bound to 43 .
However , this behavior is quite surprising , and most likely not what it is wanted .
This is actually another example of the free - symbol capture problem .
It should be clear that the capture comes from expanding the macro in the macro - call context , not in the macro- definition context .
Hygienic vs non-hygienic macro systems Understanding non-hygienic macros is important if you intend to work in the larger Lisp world .
In the scheme community everybody thinks that hygiene is an essential feature and all major Scheme implementations provide hygienic macros ; nevertheless , in the rest of the world things are different .
For instance , Common Lisp does not use hygienic macros and it copes with the variable capture problem by using gensym ; the free symbol capture problem is not solved , but it is extremely rare , because Common Lisp has multiple namespaces and a package system .
The hygiene problem is more serious in Lisp - 1 dialects like the newborns Arc and Clojure .
Arc macros behave just like define - macro and are fully unhygienic , whereas Clojure macros are rather special , being nearly hygienic .
In particular Clojure macros are not affected by the free - symbol capture problem : user= > ( defmacro m[ x ] `( list ~x ) ) # 'user / m user= > ( let [ list 1 ] ( m 2 ) ) ( 2 )
The reason is that Clojure is smart enough to recognize the fully qualified list object appearing at macro definition time ( clojure .
core / list ) as a distinct object from the local variable list bound to the number 1 .
Moreover , the ordinary capture problem can be solved with gensym or even cooler feature , automatic gensyms ( look at the documentation of the syntax - quote reader macro if you want to know more ) .
Speaking as a non-expert , Clojure macros seem to fare pretty well with respect to the hygiene issue .
It is worth mentioning that if you use a package system ( like in Common Lisp ) or a namespace system ( like in Clojure ) in practice variable capture becomes pretty rare .
In Scheme instead , which uses a module system , hygiene is essential : if you are writing a module containing macros which can be imported and expanded in an unknown lexical scope , in absence of hygiene you could introduce name clashes impossible to foresee in advance , and that could be solved only by the final user , which however will likely be ignorant of how your library works .
This is why in Scheme the macro expansion is not literally inserted in the original code , and a lot of magic takes place to avoid name clashes .
In practice , the implementation of Scheme macros takes care of distinguishing the introduced identifiers with some specific mechanism ( it could be based on marking the names , or on explicit renaming ) .
As a consequence , the mechanism of macro expansion is less simple to explain : you cannot just cut and paste the result of the expansion in your original code .
Personally I have made my mind up and I am in the pro-hygiene camp now .
I should admit that for a long time I have been in the opposite camp , preferring the simplicity of define - macro over the complexity of syntax - case .
It turns out I was wrong .
The major problem of syntax - case is a cosmetic one : it looks very complex and cumbersome to use , but that can be easily solved by providing a nicer API - which I did with sweeet - macros .
Actually I have been able to use sweet - macros for twenty episodes without explaining the intricacies of the hygienic expansion .
Having attended to a talk on the subject at the EuroLisp Symposium , I will mention here that there are ways to implement hygienic macros on top of defmacro in Common Lisp portably .
Therefore there is no technical reason why hygienic macros are not widespread in the whole Lisp world , just a matter of different opinions on the importance of the problem and the different tradeoffs .
I believe that eventually all Lisp dialects will start using hygienic macros , but that could take decades , because of inertia and backward - compatibility concerns .
Talk Back !
Have an opinion ?
Be the first to post a comment about this weblog entry .
RSS Feed
If you 'd like to be notified whenever Michele Simionato adds a new entry to his weblog , subscribe to his RSS feed .
About the Blogger
Michele Simionato started his career as a Theoretical Physicist , working in Italy , France and the U.S.
He turned to programming in 2003 ; since then he has been working professionally as a Python developer and now he lives in Milan , Italy .
Michele is well known in the Python community for his posts in the newsgroup (s ) , his articles and his Open Source libraries and recipes .
His interests include object oriented programming , functional programming , and in general programming metodologies that enable us to manage the complexity of modern software developement .
This weblog entry is Copyright © 2009 Michele Simionato .
All rights reserved .
A tattoo of an angel illustrates his right leg .
A devil decorates his left .
But a trail of deceit has stamped Richard Glen Strandlof with another indelible mark : fake military hero who misled veterans , politicians and voters .
Many had bought into the story of Rick Duncan , the wounded soldier rallying opposition to the Iraq war and support for struggling vets .
Like the contradictory body art , Strandlof ’s story winds between malicious deception and actual good works .
And it muddies the issue of whether his offense was simply that he fooled the people he purported to champion or that he broke the law .
He awaits arraignment in the El Paso County Criminal Justice Center in Colorado Springs on a misdemeanor traffic charge after his arrest May 12 .
And while the FBI is investigating possible fraud , no charges have been filed .
Strandlof , 32 , spared no detail in his alleged resume : Annapolis graduate .
Marine captain .
Survivor of the Sept. 11 , 2001 , attack on the Pentagon .
Wounded three - tour veteran of the Iraq war .
An American hero who , in his next act , would stand up for his band of military brothers on whatever stage was set before him — from the Capitol steps in Denver to the campaign stump .
He backed mostly Democratic candidates sympathetic to his anti-war views in the run-up to the 2008 election .
Beyond politics , he worked on behalf of homeless veterans in Colorado Springs , an effort that earned him widespread respect .
But revelation of his charade last month ignited the military blogosphere — some of the more charitable critics have suggested his deployment to a combat zone — and prompted speculation on just how he could pull it off .
The deception was elaborate , cunningly conceived and boldly executed — from his command of military vernacular down to details like the bumper sticker on his car .
“ Got DD214 ? ” it said , playing off the popular “ Got milk ? ” ad campaign in what amounted to an inside military joke .
The bumper sticker referred to the official form issued on a soldier ’s release from active duty .
“ I admit that not everything I said was as factual as I wish it had been , ” Strandlof told 9 News on Thursday in the only interview he has granted so far .
He said he constructed his military persona based on real and fictional accounts gleaned from reading materials and movies .
He also claimed that schizophrenia and bipolar disorder have affected his recollection of events over the past few years .
“ When I talked with people about my passion about vets ’ issues , ” he said , “ I believed that was the truth . ”
Army Spec. Garett Reppenhagen met the man he knew as Duncan at a veterans gathering two years ago in Colorado Springs .
He remembers him as “ spastic , a lot of energy , all over the place , an excitable person . ”
That night , Duncan related how he ’d been wounded by an improvised explosive device during his second tour in Iraq .
He told others how the explosion had caused a severe brain injury — a circumstance that seemed to explain his twitchy mannerisms and sometimes erratic behavior .
It never occurred to Reppenhagen , an infantry sniper who actually did a tour in Iraq , to dig deeper .
Vets do n’t press other vets for combat details like that .
“ You sort of feel like a jerk by even doubting someone , ” he said .
Besides , Duncan ’s intentions seemed straightforward .
He sent care packages to troops in Iraq .
He stood up for homeless veterans in Colorado Springs .
He advanced his anti-war politics by connecting with like - minded candidates .
He even launched his own organization , the Colorado Veterans Alliance , which he said represented 32,000 veterans on a massive mailing list — though the only visible members seemed to be a cadre of local vets .
He certainly talked the talk .
Duncan mingled easily in the military milieu .
And in some ways , he walked the walk .
“ It seems like his heart was in the right place , ” said Reppenhagen , 33 .
“ He was a really hard worker .
He did a lot of good by raising a lot of awareness , but then you find out that he ’s a fraud . ”
Strandlof ’s unmasking began early last month and resulted in his arrest soon afterward in Denver on a traffic warrant from El Paso County .
According to one of the vets who first suspected the ruse , an FBI agent asked whether he was Strandlof or Duncan .
“ Both , ” he replied .
Reppenhagen considered him a friend , a brother in arms .
Then , he saw that bond torn by the worst kind of betrayal .
And yet .
“ I ca n’t say I hate Rick Duncan for what he did , ” Reppenhagen said .
“ But I certainly never want to talk to him again . ”
The well - told combat tale , delivered by an accomplished liar , has become almost cliche .
It has been known to yield any number of perks : a job , a date , a fundraising boost , a political leg up — even a free parking place via Purple Heart license plates .
It can conceal character defects or even criminal histories .
“ It ’s a great way to deflect criticism — ‘ I was a war hero for my country .
How can you not like me ? ’ ” explained Loren Pankratz , a professor of clinical psychology at the Oregon Health & Science University in Portland , who testifies in court cases involving military imposters or veterans who inflate their records .
Still , in that pantheon of anti-heroes , Strandlof is n’t even exceptional .
“ There are many , many worse cases than this , ” said Doug Sterner , the Colorado Springs man who has cataloged hundreds of military fakes on his Home of Heroes website .
“ These imposters are all over the place .
But when I look at Strandlof ’s case , I am thankful to him because he put this problem under the spotlight . ”
“ He had such potential ”
Robert William Strandlof of Spokane Valley , Wash. , has n’t seen his great - nephew since he left his Montana home as a teenager and never came back .
But the family still speaks about Rick Strandlof .
Though he never finished high school , the boy loved to read and had a “ tremendous hunger for knowledge , ” recalled Robert Strandlof , who served as a Marine and whose brother , Richard — grandfather of Rick — served in the Air Force .
“ He had such potential , and he was such a smart kid , ” said Robert Strandlof .
“ He went out on his own and never really kept in touch .
I understand he lived under all kind of lies .
You ca n’t do that because sooner or later your lies always catch up to you . ”
When Rick Strandlof first hit the criminal - justice radar screen in 1997 , it was under the name Richard Glenn Pierson , doing five years on forgery and bad - check charges in Montana .
But even at age 20 , he showed a brazen inclination to take on the system .
Acting as his own attorney , he sued the correctional facility ’s food service for $ 10 million because it served him saccharine , a known carcinogen , in his fruit drink .
That same year , he also sued Cascade County regional jail administrators , claiming the jail ’s ban on hard - core pornography violated his constitutional rights .
That lawsuit also demanded that he get his job back in the jail ’s law library .
Cascade County Sheriff John Strandell told a reporter at the Great Falls Tribune in March 1999 that Strandlof was fired from the library because he was using the jail ’s computers and law books to pose as a lawyer .
By late 2005 , Strandlof was living in Incline Village , on the north shore of Nevada ’s Lake Tahoe .
He formed a foundation that promised to return open - wheel racing to the streets of Reno while also supporting programs for local children and the poor .
On Dec. 31 , 2005 , according to Reno Magazine , he held an auction that netted $ 25,000 for his Reno - Tahoe Grand Prix Foundation .
In early 2006 , Strandlof told Nevada Appeal newspaper columnist Roger Diez that he had secured $ 3 million from a “ venture capital group in the Silicon Valley ” to fund the purse for the race he planned over the July 4 weekend in 2009 .
Months later , Diez acknowledged in a column that he probably had been duped by Strandlof .
The race website was down .
Strandlof ’s phone was disconnected .
“ After that disappearing act he pulled , I figured there was something not on the up - and - up about the guy , ” Diez said .
“ Until that point , I had no reason to not take him at his word . ”
Yet Strandlof , it seems , had merely shifted gears and settled into anti-war politics .
Activist Rich Haber , who helped organize the Reno chapter of the anti-Bush organization World Ca n’t Wait , said Strandlof appeared at about three rallies .
Back then , there was no mention of a war record or combat injuries .
Strandlof simply struck Haber as a young and energetic man spouting a general displeasure with the current political climate .
“ He just impressed me as a young guy who was fed up with the way things were going and wanted change , ” Haber said .
Change came , all right .
Strandlof sat down and sighed heavily when two Reno police officers confronted him in the early - morning hours of April 21 , 2005 , about a stolen gold Ford Explorer .
Officers found the sport utility vehicle near Strandlof ’s apartment , full of personal items : a T.J. Maxx card , deodorant , photos , clothing , compact discs and employment papers bearing his name .
Strandlof called his roommate , Jeremy Weed — a man he listed as next of kin in police documents .
Weed would later move with him to Colorado , where Strandlof identified him to acquaintances as his boyfriend until a recent breakup .
“ My vehicle is not my vehicle , ” Strandlof told Weed , according to the incident report .
In fact , it was a stolen rental car that Strandlof told officers he had used on behalf of a political group to drive local voters to the polls .
Later , he told a Washoe County district judge that he ’d struggled with mental - health problems and had sought treatment as a teenager , according to the district attorney ’s office .
He requested his case be heard in the county ’s Mental Health Court , whose records are sealed .
Strandlof spent nine months in county jail for possession of a stolen vehicle .
District court documents show he was required to take medication and read a book on bipolar disorder as part of his 15 - month probation .
“ Fobbit ” stories convincing
By 2007 , Strandlof had surfaced in Colorado as an energetic force for veterans rights , along with a stance against the Iraq war consistent with his days in Nevada .
When he launched his Colorado Veterans Alliance , local veteran Daniel Warvi agreed to serve on the board .
Warvi said he was taken in by what he called Strandlof ’s “ Fobbit ” war stories — the often - mocking nickname for the servicemen and women who are hunkered down in a war zone ’s Forward Operating Bases , called FOBs , while others are risking their necks .
“ Rick had always claimed that he was a logistics officer , ” Warvi said in an interview last month .
“ So , a lot of it was him complaining , ‘ Well , yeah , all I did was deliver mail and food . ’ ”
But he spoke just as vividly about the day he claimed he was injured by an explosion .
Warvi suspects that Strandlof turned to the Internet to pad out his stories with convincing details .
“ Up until recently , guys could literally go on patrol , get into a firefight or get into combat , and that night they could hop on MySpace or Facebook and blog about it , ” he said .
“ He mined all the information he needed to fabricate his persona . ”
Army Spec. Mark Wilkerson cut Strandlof a lot of slack for his supposed disabilities .
He first heard him speak , eloquently but with a pronounced stutter , at a barbecue held by some people with Iraq Veterans Against the War .
“ He said he was 100 percent disabled , that ’s why he ’s a little off , that ’s why he was a little unusual , ” said Wilkerson , who now lives in Colorado Springs .
“ I was naive , we all were , but he was just so convincing in the way he would speak about his experiences . ”
Wilkerson said Strandlof would disappear for weeks at a time , saying he was getting treatments at the Veterans Affairs hospital in Denver .
When Wilkerson invited Strandlof to join Iraq Veterans Against the War , he balked — possibly because he knew the group checks DD214 forms to authenticate service .
He declined to join officially , saying he preferred to work with the group “ under the radar ” so he could maintain relationships with conservative elected officials .
During a protest in October 2007 , a Marine colonel stopped Strandlof and challenged his authenticity — a common occurrence during veterans ’ anti-war protests in a military stronghold like Colorado Springs .
But Strandlof answered the Marine ’s questions to his satisfaction .
“ He would tell people stories about Iraq and he would cry ; those emotions he was able to conjure up were amazing , ” said Wilkerson , 25 , now a student at Pikes Peak Community College .
Colorado Springs veteran Mike Flaherty said he grew suspicious of the man he knew as Rick Duncan when Duncan stayed at his house for six weeks at the end of 2008 .
Duncan had always seemed overly eager to discuss his war wounds and his post - traumatic stress disorder , but his behavior as a roommate strained belief .
Flaherty recalled coming home late at night from his job waiting tables and finding Duncan asleep in the living room .
Stirred from his slumber , he would begin whimpering , as if in the throes of night terrors .
Flaherty did n’t buy it .
Duncan skipped out on his $ 300 share of the rent and vanished without warning at the end of December or early January .
Hal Bidlack , a retired Air Force officer who ran unsuccessfully for Congress last year , said Strandlof had “ little things that boosted his credibility ” — like the “ Got DD214 ? ” bumper sticker .
“ It ’s only a joke to veterans , ” Bidlack said .
“ He certainly studied a great deal .
He found he liked a community .
He just had n’t earned the right to be in it . ”
Strandlof campaigned with Bidlack as he traveled the 5th Congressional District .
He stood by him as Bidlack recalled his experience at the Pentagon on 9/11 .
Strandlof had also said he was in the Pentagon for a meeting that day .
Bidlack worked in the triage area and suffered nightmares afterward , and he does n’t speak publicly about the details .
But on the campaign trail , when people asked , he would offer that he saw the worst in people and the best in people all at once that day .
Last year , Strandlof held a remembrance for 9/11 victims .
Recounting his own supposed experience in the Pentagon that day , he spoke tearfully about the “ duality of that day , the good and the bad that I saw that day are forever etched in my mind . ”
For Bidlack , the remarks had a familiar ring — one that now appears consistent with Strandlof ’s tactic of parroting the real - life experiences of others .
“ It was changed a bit , ” Bidlack said .
“ He would listen carefully and then tell stories back .
It ’s just a shame .
It sounds trite , but he used his talents for evil . ”
But it was n’t just those convincing details that won people over .
It was his apparent commitment to veterans causes .
Robert Moran , whose The Street Church in Colorado Springs works with the poor and homeless , found an ally in Strandlof .
While Moran ’s approach to advocacy was “ sitting down and talking , ” with city leaders , Strandlof pursued legal action , challenging the city ’s support of sweeps that dismantled homeless camps .
“ He definitely showed a real passion for people on the streets , veterans and nonveterans , ” said Moran , who served 22 years in the Army .
“ We saw Rick as someone who had compassion .
People would call him and ask about where and how to get help for mental issues , and he had the answers . ”
For Moran , deciding on whether Strandlof was “ good or bad in the end ” depends on unanswered questions about funds he may have collected in the name of veterans .
“ If he did do something illegal , it may be that it was n’t intentional — it may be that he just is n’t healthy , ” Moran said .
“ What do you do with a Rick Duncan ?
Do you pray for him and hope he gets some help ?
In the short time he spent advocating for the homeless , he did some good , but the jury is still out for the long term impact , right ? ”
A betrayal revealed
When the truth finally emerged , it happened quickly .
Near the end of April , Strandlof — in the persona of Rick Duncan — called a Fort Carson legislative liaison to say he was working for Sen.
Mark Udall , D - Colo. , and wanted to set up a meeting at the Army base .
The liaison then called Udall ’s office seeking verification .
Udall ’s staffers said Duncan did n’t work for them .
On May 1 , they met with Dan Warvi , on the board of the Colorado Veterans Alliance , to express their concern .
Warvi had become exasperated with Duncan ’s inability to provide the details necessary to move the organization toward legal nonprofit designation .
He ’d never doubted his claims about military service — but the call from Udall ’s office prompted him to take a closer look at Rick Duncan ’s record .
“ That was the tipoff that said , ‘ Hey , we need to start digging , ’ ” Warvi said .
“ It just started to fall apart pretty quickly . ”
The dominoes tumble
Duncan ’s facade began to collapse within hours .
Warvi phoned the public affairs officer at Annapolis and learned that the last naval officer by the name of Rick Duncan graduated in 1948 — almost 30 years before Strandlof was born .
He checked with the Colorado secretary of state ’s office and learned that the Colorado Veterans Alliance name already had been registered to a man no one had heard of — Rick Strandlof .
Later inquiries turned up mounting evidence that Strandlof and Duncan were , in fact , the same person .
Board members learned about the ill - fated Grand Prix event in Reno .
They contacted a Nevada - based member of World Ca n’t Wait , asked some questions about Strandlof ’s demeanor , and heard the man describe Rick Duncan in precise detail .
“ Finally , we found the court documents in Reno , ” Warvi said of the papers that put Strandlof in Nevada instead of Iraq .
“ And that basically destroyed Rick ’s entire timeline . ”
And yet , in his interview with 9 News , Strandlof stayed true to the Rick Duncan persona , voicing regret not so much for any perceived fabrications but for his shortcomings in advancing veterans ’ issues .
“ I believe that people who defended a nation ’s ideals , ” he said , “ should have ideal treatment from a nation . ”
Editor ’s Note : This article story was reported by Denver Post staff writers Jason Blevins , Jessica Fender , Nancy Lofholm , Barry Osborne and Allison Sherry of The Denver Post , and by Lance Benzel and Carlyn Mitchell of The Gazette in Colorado Springs .
It was written by Kevin Simpson of The Denver Post .
Stolen Valor
• Pat Putnam , who died in 2005 , was a well - known boxing writer and “ Korean War hero . ”
He purported to have been a war captive for 17 months and to have earned four Purple Hearts and a Navy Cross .
The Boxing Writers Association of America established the Putnam Award in his honor for “ perseverance in the face of adversity . ”
One of these awards went to his friend , Muhammad Ali .
However , Putnam never served in the military .
He received his “ war wounds ” when his vehicle collided with a telephone pole while he was driving drunk .
• As chairman of the Mashpee Wampanoag Tribe in Massachusetts , Glenn Marshall was in the federal spotlight .
He was introduced as “ a hero of the Battle of Khe Sahn ” when he tried to push through the building of a $ 1 billion casino .
Marshall said he had survived the siege of Khe Sahn during the Vietnam War in 1968 .
The truth was that Marshall was a senior in high school during the siege .
He served two years in the Marines but was not at Khe Sahn .
Marshall apologized for lying about his military record .
He was forced to step down as tribal chairman when a 1981 rape conviction also came to light .
• In 2008 the U.S. House of Representatives voted to name a Las Vegas post office after Irving Joseph Schwartz , a local advocate for veterans and an officer in the Military Order of the Purple Heart .
He told people he also had received the Bronze Star , the Silver Star and several other medals for parachuting into Normandy , France , days before the Allied invasion began June 6 , 1944 .
When local reporters found that he did not arrive in Normandy until six months after the invasion , Schwartz admitted fabricating the story .
The legislation naming the new post office Private First Class Irving Joseph Schwartz Post Office was rescinded .
• Mark Mulcahy , a.k.a.
David Keith Anderson , of New Castle stole a veteran ’s identity for 24 years to get free health care from Veterans Affairs .
He also embellished the real veteran ’s record .
Mulcahy was president of a Garfield County Veterans of Foreign Wars post .
He was arrested last year on charges of identity theft and forgery after his wife alerted authorities .
• The California Department of Veterans Affairs honored Eric Piotrowski this spring with a Silver Star for his actions 16 years earlier during Operation Desert Storm .
A Navy secretary praised Piotrowski for putting himself in harm ’s way to help tank units move forward in Kuwait .
Piotrowski , then an officer with the California Exposition & State Fair Police Department , was later arrested for violating the federal Stolen Valor Act .
Authorities found Piotrowski did not see military action during Desert Storm and purchased war medals and a citation on eBay .
Hajo Meyer ( Christiane Tilanus )
ID
Adri Nieuwhof : What would you like to say to introduce yourself to EI ’s readers ?
Hajo Meyer : I had to quit grammar school in Bielefeld after the Kristallnacht [ the two - day pogrom against Jews in Nazi Germany ] , in November 1938 .
It was a terrible experience for an inquisitive boy and his parents .
Therefore , I can fully identify with the Palestinian youth that are hampered in their education .
And I can in no way identify with the criminals who make it impossible for Palestinian youth to be educated .
AN : What motivated you to write your book , The End of Judaism ?
HM : In the past , the European media have written extensively about extreme right - wing politicians like Joerg Haider in Austria and Jean - Marie Le Pen in France .
But when Ariel Sharon was elected [ prime minister ] in Israel in 2001 , the media remained silent .
But in the 1980s I understood the deeply fascist thinking of these politicians .
With the book I wanted to distance myself from this .
I was raised in Judaism with the equality of relationships among human beings as a core value .
I only learned about nationalist Judaism when I heard settlers defend their harassment of Palestinians in interviews .
When a publisher asked me to write about my past , I decided to write this book , in a way , to deal with my past .
People of one group who dehumanize people who belong to another group can do this , because they either have learned to do so from their parents , or they have been brainwashed by their political leaders .
This has happened for decades in Israel in that they manipulate the Holocaust for their political aims .
In the long - run the country is destructing itself this way by inducing their Jewish citizens to become paranoid .
In 2005 [ then Prime Minister Ariel ]
Sharon illustrated this by saying in the Knesset [ the Israeli parliament ] , we know we cannot trust anyone , we only can trust ourselves .
This is the shortest possible definition of somebody who suffers from clinical paranoia .
One of the major annoyances in my life is that Israel by means of trickery calls itself a Jewish state , while in fact it is Zionist .
It wants the maximum territory with a minimum number of Palestinians .
I have four Jewish grandparents .
I am an atheist .
I share the Jewish socio-cultural inheritance and I have learned about Jewish ethics .
I do n’t wish to be represented by a Zionist state .
They have no idea about the Holocaust .
They use the Holocaust to implant paranoia in their children .
AN : In your book you write about the lessons you have learned from your past .
Can you explain how your past influenced your perception of Israel and Palestine ?
HM : I have never been a Zionist .
After the war , Zionist Jews spoke about the miracle of having “ our own country . ”
As a confirmed atheist I thought , if this is a miracle by God , I wished that he had performed the smallest miracle imaginable by creating the state 15 years earlier .
Then my parents would not have been dead .
I can write up an endless list of similarities between Nazi Germany and Israel .
The capturing of land and property , denying people access to educational opportunities and restricting access to earn a living to destroy their hope , all with the aim to chase people away from their land .
And what I personally find more appalling then dirtying one ’s hands by killing people , is creating circumstances where people start to kill each other .
Then the distinction between victims and perpetrators becomes faint .
By sowing discord in a situation where there is no unity , by enlarging the gap between people — like Israel is doing in Gaza .
AN : In your book you write about the role of Jews in the peace movement in and outside Israel , and Israeli army refuseniks .
How do you value their contribution ?
HM : Of course it is positive that parts of the Jewish population of Israel try to see Palestinians as human beings and as their equals .
However , it disturbs me how paper - thin the number is that protests and is truly anti-Zionist .
We get worked up by what happened in Hitler ’s Germany .
If you expressed only the slightest hint of criticism at that time , you ended up in the Dachau concentration camp .
If you expressed criticism , you were dead .
Jews in Israel have democratic rights .
They can protest in the streets , but they do n’t .
AN : Can you comment on the news that Israeli ministers approved a draft law banning commemoration of the Nakba , or the dispossession of historic Palestine ?
The law proposes punishment of up to three years in prison .
HM : It is so racist , so dreadful .
I am at a loss for words .
It is an expression of what we already know .
[ The Israeli Nakba commemoration organization ]
Zochrot was founded to counteract Israeli efforts to wipe out the marks that are a reminder of Palestinian life .
To forbid Palestinians to publicly commemorate the Nakba . … they can not act in a more Nazi - like , fascist way .
Maybe it will help to awaken the world .
AN : What are your plans for the future ?
HM : [ Laughs ]
Do you know how old I am ?
I am almost 85 years old .
I always say cynically and with self - mockery that I have a choice : either I am always tired because I want to do so much , or I am going to sit still waiting for the time to go by .
Well , I plan to be tired , because I have still so much to say .
Adri Nieuwhof is consultant and human rights advocate based in Switzerland .
It is possible to shoot a gun underwater ; because cartridges are sealed and so powder remains dry .
Now the problem that may arise is all about a ratio speed of the bullet / caliber .
The faster a bullet is , the more it will meet resistance owing to the density of water which varies according to the depth under which you fire the gun .
A small caliber such as .223 ( the M16 or M4 ) fired underwater is likely to damage the gun as its speed is very fast ( about 2750 feet per sec ) and its diameter very small ( a quarter of an inch ) .
Water pressure and density will offer so much pressure , and so resistance , when compared to this of ambient air , that the pressure inside the barrel will rise tremendously to the point of blowing up the gun or literally inflating the barrel ; thus making the gun irremediably damaged .
So , firing a gun underwater as long as its caliber is not too small , and its bullet speed not too fast , is possible .
Bullet speed ranging from 600 to 1000 feet per second , for a caliber such as 38 to 50 are a good pick .
Now , a nother problem is the water pressure which tremendously increases as we go deeper in it , thus changing a gun 's performances to a considerable extent .
As exemple , a .45 Auto bullet shot under 3 feet of depth is likely to have maximum range of 25 to 50 meters .
The same shot under 150 feet of depth is likely to have maximum range of 1 to 5 meters !
This change in performances may be considerable , as you can see .
The use of a silencer or noise reducer would prove to be of little avail underwater , as such device has been conceived to work properly in ambient atmospher filled with 1 atmosphere of air pressure .
To work properly , a gun 's silencer must be fired with bullets whose speed are inferior to this of the sound in ambient air , which is of about 960 feet per second .
If the bullet speed is in excess of this speed , then the silencer will not reduce the sound at all , exactly as if no silencer was mounted on this gun ...
However , I confess that I would be curious to see what would happen when a gun with silencer is fired underwater ; as the speed of sound is considerably faster in a middle filled with water than in air .
Gun especially conceived to fire underwater exist , indeed .
The Russian made some for special operations purpose .
See the link I provide you with below .
Elisabetta Canalis ' 455 looked so hot in white bikini .
Although her 455 is flat - type 455 , but she is still so gorgeous and wild .
Elisabetta Canalis , born 12 september1978 in sassari , sardinia , one of popular italian model , television personality , and artist .
" Do n't believe in God ?
You are not alone . "
That statement is expected to plaster a major Phoenix highway billboard by the week 's end .
The Arizona Coalition of Reason and the American Humanist Association ( AHA ) are sponsoring the billboard .
The campaign targeting " nontheists " is timed to coincide with the AHA 's 68th annual conference in Tempe this week .
The term nontheist is generally considered an umbrella label for atheists , agnostics and other people who do not believe in God .
The conference is billed as one of the largest national gatherings of nontheists and attracts between 300 - 500 attendees .
Organizers for the gathering did not know if the conference had ever been held in Arizona but said records show it has been held in other states for at least the past 20 years .
Karen Frantz , a spokeswoman for the AHA , said the billboard is aimed at supporting people who might be afraid to admit they do n't believe in God .
" I 'm sure there are plenty of people who are wary of coming out as an atheist or a humanist , " Frantz said .
" There are some communities that tend to be much more religious and people may worry about backlash .
I would say there 's also fear of coming out as a nontheist to people close to them because they 're afraid their parents or friends would n't approve . "
The billboard will refer people to the Arizona Coalition of Reason 's Web site , www.arizonacor.org.
United Coalition of Reason chapters and the national organization have led other public campaigns involving prominent advertising of their beliefs .
In Washington , D.C , . during last year 's Thanksgiving season the organization was involved in posting bus ads asking readers : " Why believe in God ? "
The billboards caused a stir but once the dust settled , Frantz said the campaign served its mission .
" The majority of the responses were favorable , " she said .
" We actually had a woman immediately sign up .
She had never heard of us before and was happy to find people ( who share her beliefs ) . "
Frantz said the Valley billboard is expected to be up by Friday but said she could not release information on its exact location because those details are still being worked out with the advertising company .
The conference will honor Paul Myers , a biologist at the University of Minnesota 's Morris campus who is known as an outspoken supporter of Charles Darwin 's theory of evolution , as the 2009 Humanist of the Year .
Myers blog " Pharyngula , " which covers science , politics and culture , has been heralded by Nature Magazine and won several science blog awards .
The conference also includes local speakers .
Dr. Donald Johanson , a paleoanthropologist and director of the Institute of Human Origins at Arizona State University , will speak at the conference .
Johanson is well known for his 1974 discovery of the fossil , " Lucy , " the 3.2 million - year - old remains of the Ethopian hominid known as Lucy .
Assistant House Minority Leader Kyrsten Sinema , a Phoenix Democrat , will is also scheduled to speak .
For a full list of speakers and to register : www.americanhumanist.org.
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Pope Benedict XVI has suffered a fall and broken his right wrist while on holiday in northern Italy .
The Vatican said the 82 - year - old pontiff had accidentally slipped during the night in his chalet .
However he was able to celebrate Mass in the morning in the alpine town of Aosta , before undergoing surgery to re-align the fractured wrist bones .
A hospital spokesman said the operation had been successful , but the Pope would have to wear a cast for about a month .
He left hospital after an operation under local anaesthetic that lasted about 20 minutes .
The Vatican said it was the first time Pope Benedict had been treated in hospital since his election in 2005 .
He insisted on being treated like any other patient and waited his turn for an X - ray , Italy 's Ansa news agency says .
He has been staying at a house in the village of Les Combes in the Valle d'Aosta region .
It was a favourite vacation spot of his predecessor , Pope John Paul II .
The formal procedure of the Exhibition opening was started with a grand marching of girls wearing hussar costumes .
Before the show began any one could look at the displays – the creations of Russian plants were right at the allotted spot , and there one could see not only the weapon of destruction , but totally peaceful tractors and excavators as well .
The interesting part is that the most of the technical units in it are similar to those used in war machines .
One of the weapon machines is the Engineer Machine for Obstacle Clearing , it removes blockages and various stuff like hedgehog devices on the way of an armored column .
Apart from this kind of obstacles , it very easily gets rid of aggressive ones standing on its way .
The Bridge Construction Tank can build a special bridge for heavy equipment to move along it .
The total length of the bridge is a bit more than 18 meters , that wo n’t do if you are going to force a crossing over a wide river , but still it perfectly works for small rivers and swamps .
The Combat Tank Support Vehicle , a high - powered machine that can aim and shoot at shoot at three object at a time : with a machinegun at people , with rockets at big objects and with large - calibre ack - ack guns at flying objects .
Of course , they did n’t demonstrate how most of it shot , because it would be both very expensive and far .
Of course , there were lots of other fabulous things , but watching it is worth many words .
The show was started with all aircrafts were low - flying at an elevation of 200 meters over the tribunes .
Those who at least once happened to be at such a show would understand the feeling of a person , who sees a giant machine in just a few dozens of meters above him .
After performing all those barrel rolls , loops and other acrobatic maneuvers , the fighters got ready for debunching , performing various aerobatics operations they got very close to trees and could be seen very well from the tribunes .
A commander of the group sharply flew up above the skies and held it still and then sharply flew down , shooting at the aims .
Of course , at the opening of the exhibition there was a usual gunshot and cutting of the red ceremonial opening ribbon .
After the formal things were over some of the machines demonstrated what they could .
At last one of the tanks ( it was Т - 90 ) fired a lout shot to keep the spectators active , then two other things ( armored artillery weapon and armored tracked chassis ) came out to show what they can .
At the very end of the show people were shown the famous trick – a bottle of champagne was attached to one bucket of an excavator , and on the bucket of another excavator there were two glasses , and the driver of the first vehicle was to fill them up with the help of the bucket and dexterity .
The show was finished with demonstrative bombing of the Sukhoi Su - 24 .
Russia was demonstrating its strength again .
If you are still not afraid of all this stuff in the pics , go to the following exhibition and get ready to be full of respect for Russia , at least , while all these giant iron things will be flying above .
Photo credits – all photos
Police : Man shot by store owner
A Waukegan man is in stable condition after being shot by the store owner he is charged with robbing .
Lake County Assistant State 's Attorney Patricia
Fix said officials are reviewing the details of the Sunday night shooting of Demitrius Newbill , 29 .
Newbill , who was shot in the chest , is at Vista East Medical Center .
Fix said Newbill , of the 500 block of Poplar Street , entered the Pasteleria Panaderia , 701 Yeoman St. , about 8:15 p.m .
The owner of the bakery told police Newbill had his left hand under his shirt and asked for a piece of paper and a pencil , Fix said .
Newbill wrote a note that said : " I have a gun .
Give me all the money , " and handed it to the owner , Fix said .
The owner gave Newbill all the cash in the register , Fix said , and told police he believed he saw a gun in Newbill 's waistband as he did so .
Newbill then took the business telephone and cell phones from the owner and his employees , Fix said , and began backing toward the door of the store .
The owner told police he thought he saw Newbill reaching for the object in his waistband as he neared the door , so he took a .38 caliber revolver from underneath the counter and fired three times .
Police interviewed Newbill at the hospital , Fix said , and he admitted the robbery and that he told the store owner he had a gun .
Newbill , who was unarmed , has been charged with aggravated robbery and faces up to 15 years in prison if convicted .
Fix said police reports and witness statements are being reviewed to determine if anyone else will be charged .
The store owner has a current state firearm owner 's identification card , Fix said .
Court records show Newbill was convicted of robbery in 2003 and placed on probation , but he was found in violation of the probation and resentenced to five years in prison .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Aviation companies may not interview six current and former Federal Bureau of Investigation agents who worked on government probes into the September 11 , 2001 hijacked plane attacks , a judge ruled on Thursday .
The moon rises over lower Manhattan as the " Tribute in Lights " illuminates the sky on the seventh anniversary of the attack on the World Trade Center in New York September 11 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Gary Hershorn
The ruling in extensive litigation following the attacks addressed three wrongful death cases and 19 property damage cases , leaves several issues remaining and set July 28 for the next pretrial conference .
U.S. District Judge Alvin Hellerstein in New York wrote that the aviation defendants , “ wish to argue at trial that the terrorists would have succeeded in their plans and caused the damage of which plaintiffs complain regardless of the Aviation Defendants negligence . ”
They include UAL Corp , US Airways Group Inc , Delta Air Lines Inc , Continental Airlines Inc , AirTran Holdings Inc and Boeing Co .
A lawyer for the aviation companies could not immediately be reached for comment on the ruling .
Another defendant in the overall litigation is The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey , which owns the lower Manhattan site where the famed World Trade Center twin towers stood and were destroyed in the attacks .
Members of al Qaeda hijacked four commercial passenger airliners , crashed two into the twin towers , a third into the Pentagon in Washington and the fourth crashed into a field in rural Pennsylvania .
Nearly 3,000 people , including all 19 hijackers , were killed .
“ Permitting an inquiry into what fragments of information various government agents knew , or should have known , and at what time , but did not tell the defendants , threatens thoroughly to confuse and prejudice the jury , distract from the major issues of the case , and add to the trial substantial expense and delay , ” the judge wrote .
He allowed some testimony of two FBI agents from the trial of Zacarias Moussaoui , who is serving a life sentence for conspiring with the hijackers .
A motion to admit the 9/11 Commission Report , published in 2004 and ordered by Congress , was denied except for a chronology of the report .
The case is In Re September 11 Litigation 21 - MC - 101 , 07-7051 and 08-10646 in U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York ( Manhattan )
( photo by quaziefoto )
by Ben Cohen
The financial crisis and the Government 's response has basically highlighted the fact that the U.S does n't work as a functioning democratic country .
A functioning democracy would have held those responsible for gambling the nation 's resources away , and instituted reform that made it impossible for those criminals to hijack the system again .
ADVERTISEMENT
Thanks for watching !
Visit Website
Instead , the Bush - Obama Administration doled out tax payers money to the devastated banks to the tune of $ 12 trillion , refused to hold them accountable , then made sure those responsible stayed in power and engineered a restructuring that explicitly kept them in control .
The word ' theft ' does n't do justice to the grand scale larceny that occurred on Wall St and Capitol Hill .
It has now become clear that the banking and insurance community was essentially operating a giant casino , gambling with money they did n't have on products that did n't really exist .
The banks leveraged vast swathes of cash while the insurance industry gambled on whether it would pay off .
When the debts were called in , and the chips fell to the table , no one had the money to make good .
Then , the entire system collapsed .
ADVERTISEMENT
Thanks for watching !
Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT
Thanks for watching !
Visit Website
When the public finally began to understand what had happened , their tax dollars had already been spent .
The Bush Administration moved quickly to bail out AIG and capitalize the banks , offering blank checks without stipulation .
Then the public voted in Obama believing he would institute a break from the status quo .
And sadly , he has n't .
As Paul Krugman writes on the state of the Obama economic team :
The larger story is the absence of a progressive - economist wing .
A lot
of people supported Obama over Clinton in the primaries because they
thought Clinton would bring back the Rubin team ; and what Obama has
done is … bring back the Rubin team .
The insidious influence of Wall St types , particularly Goldman Sachs alumni has infected government for far too long .
Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner is a protege of Robert Rubin ( a 26 year veteran of Goldman ) , and has deep connections to Wall St. Geithner has followed the Bush Administration 's policy of giving Wall
St whatever it wants at great expense to the tax payer , and there has been virtually no opposition to his blatant pandering .
Goldman Sachs has been allowed to use the U.S government as a tool to enrich itself , mostly because it is government .
And as we 've learned , their influence has n't waned after the massive bailout , it has actually increased .
Is it too late to get rid of their insidious influence ?
Unfortunately , it probably is , unless there is some sort of grand scale , public opposition .
And that means organization , protest , and a serious challenge to entrenched power .
The dangers of giving the banking industry whatever it wants are numerous .
Firstly , they single handedly brought the entire Western economic system to its knees , and there 's no guarantee they wo n't do it again .
Secondly , we simply cannot afford it .
The United States government is now over $ 11 trillion in debt , and much of that is owned by China .
No one is calling in the debt now , but there 's no telling what the Asian giant will do in the future .
If they decide to hike interest rates , call in a portion of the debt or pull their money out , the U.S economy could literally collapse .
Why ?
Because instead of using that debt to restructure our economy to become more productive , we 've spent it on ensuring bankers get their bonuses .
The time to speak up about it is now , so call your local congressman and let them know that you wo n't let them take any more of your money untill you know where it 's going .
On Thursday , at the Black Hat cybersecurity conference in Las Vegas , two researches will reveal a bug which allows an attacker to take control over the victim 's iPhone by sending a couple of SMS messages .
If you 're the victim , you will probably see an SMS message containing a single square character .
Charlie Miller and his colleague Collin Mulliner , who discovered the bug , say that the only thing you can do to protect yourself is turn off your iPhone .
If you do n't , the consequences can be serious .
The remote attacker can dial the phone , open web sites in the phone 's browser , turn on the camera and microphone ; in short , he or she can take complete control of your iPhone .
Do we really have to be scared ?
Well , it depends .
According to Forbes , Miller and Mulliner have notified Apple about this vulnerability , and the company still has n't released a patch .
If this bug is for real , it will get exploited in the wild fast , and the threat will become very real for end users .
Miller and Mulliner plan to showcase a couple of other security vulnerabilities tomorrow , some of which affect Windows Mobile and Android phones .
This entry was posted on June 8 , 2009 .
It was filed under art and was tagged with art , balloon , balloons , creative , design , terrorist , terrorist balloons .
The Today Show takes a look at Google Voice this morning ( as we did three months ago ) , with correspondent Janet Shamlian offering a very generalized overview and announcing it would open today .
Updates : See below .
Advertisement
A First Look at Google Voice Last week Google launched Google Voice , a new service that creates a single phone number and inbox …
Read more
As of this morning , though , Google Voice 's login page was still pegged with " Coming soon " and " Existing GrandCentral users . "
Shamlian says in the clips that Google Voice would be " available today , nationwide . "
Advertisement
Update : Google Voice 's official Twitter account just posted that " Invites to people on reservations list " are " starting to go out today . "
No indication how many at once .
If you want in and have n't signed up , request an invitation .
Update 2 : And now Google Voice says the " list is huge , so it will take a while to get though them all . "
Google 's official blog also confirms the invite release .
Update 3 : In a related , but far more disappointing , development , Google seems to have pulled the ability to send SMS through Gmail 's chat box , at least from our view and many Twitter users ' .
If you still have SMS available through your chat box , let us know in the comments .
Advertisement
Thanks Pat !
" The smart way to keep people passive and obedient is to strictly limit
the spectrum of acceptable opinion , but allow very lively debate within
that spectrum . "
Noam Chomsky
In response to the Washington Post supporting prosecutions of CIA interrogators , Andrew Sullivan laments the United States refusal to hold those in power accountable for egregious crimes against humanity , only seeking to prosecute those at the bottom of the food chain when the facts become too blatant to ignore :
Obama 's refusal to investigate torturers is a reflection of is own
belief that such matters do not really count for much - certainly not
as much as a successful presidency .
This is not a conspiracy .
It 's just
the kind of elite corruption you usually see in banana republics with
no rule of law and a coopted press .
ADVERTISEMENT
Thanks for watching !
Visit Website
We 've seen the same kind of non reporting with the financial crisis , global warming , and now the health care crisis .
In each circumstance , we 've only seen a debate within the spectrum the MSM sets for itself , and it is n't a wide one .
And each time , those in power are never held to account , and nothing ever changes .
It is how empires die - not from the outside , but from within .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement By Sean Coughlan
BBC News education reporter
Female students are ahead of men in almost every measure of UK university achievement , according to a report from higher education researchers .
A Higher Education Policy Institute report shows that women are more likely to get places in the top universities and go on to get better grades .
Women also outnumber men in high status subjects , such as law and medicine .
The institute 's director , Bahram Bekhradnia , says the cause of this gender gap remains uncertain .
Women have been entering university in greater numbers than men in recent years - with the participation rate for young women standing at 49 % , compared with 38 % of young men .
' Good degrees '
The study disproves the notion that men dominate in the most highly - regarded subjects and institutions .
It found that women are taking more places at prestigious Russell Group universities and on the most sought - after courses .
It means changing a mindset that continues to see males as advantaged and females as disadvantaged ... that is emphatically not the case in higher education
Higher Education Policy Institute
The only exception is for Oxford and Cambridge , where men and women are now level .
There are also still some subject areas , such as courses related to maths , physics and technology , where men are in the majority .
But the overall picture shows a consistent trend in women substantially outnumbering men .
There are more women on part - time and full - time courses and women account for a higher proportion of younger and mature students .
In degree grades , women are more likely to gain " good degrees " - taking first class and upper seconds together - while men are more likely to gain lower seconds and thirds .
However male students still maintain a narrow lead in firsts - 13.9 % to 13 % of those who graduate .
According to the report , women 's greater success in gaining university places and achieving better degrees extends across different social classes and ethnic groups .
Exam barrier
But finding the cause for this is less straightforward .
" We just do n't know , " said Mr Bekhradnia .
The success of female students is a global trend
The introduction of GCSEs in the late 1980s coincided with the time that girls began to overtake boys in academic achievement .
However the report also shows that the greater success of women in education is a global pattern - suggesting it is more than the local circumstances of particular types of exam .
Another factor suggested in the gender gap is that boys ' academic performance is weakening as much as girls ' is improving .
A science test taken by 11 and 12 - year - olds in the mid-1970s had been successfully passed by 54 % of boys and 27 % of girls .
Outreach programmes such as Aimhigher seek to engage and inspire young boys to go to university
Department for Business , Innovation and Skills spokesman
When the same test was taken in 2003 , the scores for both boys and girls had fallen to 17 % - a much more rapid decline for boys .
While young women have been entering university in greater numbers and achieving academic success , too many young men have been underperforming , suggests the report .
And while there is still a " mindset that continues to see males as advantaged and females as disadvantaged ... that is emphatically not the case in higher education " .
In response to the report , a spokesman for the Department for Business , Innovation and Skills , said : " This government is committed to ensuring that everyone with talent and ability to succeed should be given the opportunity to do so whatever their background , gender or race .
" It is essential that we continue to tackle differences in aspirations , which is why outreach programmes such as Aimhigher seek to engage and inspire young boys to go to university through targeted activity around sport , science and music . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
New MechWarrior Game Very Obviously Teased ( Updated with More Videos ) Update : A few more videos have surfaced .
Viewable below , the clips combine , like a Transformer , to provi
Update : A few more videos have surfaced .
Viewable below , the clips combine , like a Transformer , to provide a full look at what is undoubtedly a giant mechanical warrior .
Voodoo Extreme owner IGN claims it will clear up the " rumors " through the publication of an interview with MechWarrior liscensee Jordan Weisman and Piranha 's Russ Bullock on Thursday , July 9 at 12:01 AM PDT .
The rumors apparently began after footage popped up on YouTube , with IGN adding that the announcement " will rock your computer . "
Original : A new MechWarrior game is under development by Piranha Games , according to a very short teaser trailer and unsubtle hints dropped by Voodoo Extreme .
No other details are known , though the site suggests a full trailer will be released later this week .
" Oh my , what on Earth could this be about ?
Could it be ... a new MechWarrior ?!
Gee , I suppose it could , " were the words and links that accompanied the site 's posting of the below teaser .
" Perhaps a Piranha will post a proper trailer later in the week ? "
Piranha Games has a quiet development history , with its most recent credit being " additional character and level art " on the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 versions of Luxoflux 's robo-tastic movie tie - in game Transformers : Revenge of the Fallen .
Jordan Weisman , founder of MechWarrior creator FASA , announced in 2007 that his new company Smith & Tinker had licensed the electronic rights to the MechWarrior property from Microsoft -- which had bought FASA -- and intended to " surprise and delight old fans . "
The mech combat simulator series ' last installment was MechWarrior 4 in 2000 , and developer FASA Interactive was closed in 2007 .
Microsoft has since permitted the upcoming Crysis mod MechWarrior : Living Legends to use the property .
California is the home of some of the most exotic strains of weed that marijuana lovers can get their hands on .
Once upon a time , you had to travel to the coffee shops of Amsterdam to taste , smell or smoke the finest weed .
But since California ’s cannabis legalization , growers have been right on point .
There must be something special in the soil in California that makes it the perfect place to grow some of the most beautiful buds that we have the privilege of smoking ( or whatever ways to smoke weed you use ) .
So what makes a strain of weed exotic ?
We think it has to do with more than just making you high .
We are so far past the days of smoking whatever skunk the dealer has to offer .
With dispensaries all over the country and people literally dedicating their lives to growing the dopest dope on the market , we have more to enjoy than just getting stoned .
Delicious and exotic weed is tasty , has a unique smell and can even have a unique aesthetic .
A marijuana connoisseur knows that the flavor and smell of the weed are equal in importance to its strength ( although , sometimes they want to know how to get rid of weed smell … ) .
Weed can even be a tactile experience when you think about it .
I know that I love to get my fingers sticky by finger chopping and letting the aromas seep out of the bud and let the cannabis on my skin .
Weed is a completely sensory experience , and the most exotic strains of weed are those that completely excite the senses .
This is a list of some of best California ’s finest buds in all of the ways that make a strain of weed an exotic user experience .
Dear EarthTalk :
As I understand it , “ clean ” coal really is n’t — yet the Bush Administration gushed strongly for it .
What is Obama ’s take on it ?
-- John Zippert , Eutaw , AL
Barack Obama and George W. Bush differ in many ways , but both have embraced so - called “ clean coal ” for providing an ongoing supply of cheap and readily available energy for electricity generation .
The term “ clean coal ” is loosely defined as coal that is washed or processed to remove pollutants , so as to reduce emissions of carbon dioxide ( CO2 ) , the leading greenhouse gas , when the coal is burned .
Coal - burning plants emit 40 percent of U.S. CO2 pollution — half of our electricity comes from coal — so reducing the industry ’s carbon footprint in any way possible would be a big win for the environment .
Luckily for clean coal advocates , the White House has been and continues to push for its development .
George W. Bush ’s support for clean coal dates back to his first term in office , when he stated that such technologies should be encouraged as a means of reducing dependence on foreign oil .
And since taking office , the Obama administration has committed $ 3.4 billion in stimulus dollars to clean coal projects .
But green groups continue to question the wisdom of relying on coal at all .
Coal wreaks environmental havoc , from the coal mines that pollute rivers and streams , to the premature deaths of coal miners from accidents and lung diseases , to the release of greenhouse gases , mercury and other toxins at power plants .
According to Greenpeace , burning coal emits 29 percent more CO2 than does burning oil or natural gas .
And coal - fired power plants are the world ’s largest sources of atmospheric mercury , a known neurotoxin that disperses quickly throughout the environment and into the food chain .
Greenpeace says that clean coal technologies will not address this problem , and that there are “ no commercially available technologies to prevent mercury emissions from coal - fired power plants . ”
Also , the group says , clean coal will do nothing to mitigate coal mining ’s damage to wildlife habitat and drinking water sources .
“ There is no such thing as ‘ clean coal ’ and there never will be , ” Dan Becker of the Sierra Club told the Grist.org website .
“ It ’s an oxymoron . ” The Reality Coalition , a group of nonprofits that includes the Sierra Club , has been running TV ads seeking to debunk industry claims that coal can be clean .
Green groups also worry that pushing clean coal will only delay the transition to a truly cleaner and greener energy infrastructure based on solar , wind and other emissions - free renewable energy sources .
In April of 2009 , environmental lawyer Robert F. Kennedy , Jr. questioned the motivations of Obama and other politicians who back clean coal .
“ The coal industry and the carbon industry in general are the largest contributors to the political process , ” Kennedy told ABC News .
“ You do n’t have politicians representing the American public , but rather the people who finance their campaigns . ”
Of course , Obama ’s support for clean coal does n’t negate the fact that he has proposed spending much more on further development of alternative energy sources .
He has called for getting 10 percent of U.S. electricity from renewable sources by 2012 and 25 percent by 2025 , and has committed upwards of $ 32 billion of stimulus dollars to the cause , according to an analysis by the nonprofit Environment America .
CONTACTS : Greenpeace , www.greenpeace.org; Reality Coalition , www.thisisreality.org.
EarthTalk is produced by E / The Environmental Magazine .
SEND YOUR ENVIRONMENTAL QUESTIONS
TO : EarthTalk , P.O. Box 5098 , Westport , CT 06881 ; earthtalk@emagazine.com .
Read past columns at : www.emagazine.com/earthtalk/archives.php.
EarthTalk is now a book !
Details and order information at : www.emagazine.com/earthtalkbook.
One of the biggest surprises to me this NBA off season has been Allen Iverson .
To me the surprise is in how little interest there has been around the league for his services .
The guy has immense talent and could provide a big boost to any borderline playoff team .
He can be an even bigger boost when you consider how low his stock has dropped .
So far the biggest deal on the table comes from the Memphis Grizzlies at a price of around $ 5 million .
The Miami Heat would love to bring AI into the fold but they do n’t even want to cross the $ 2 million mark .
I ’d have to say those are amazing drops for a player that made $ 21 million last season .
Memphis owner Michael Heisley would love to bring in AI but does n’t think his team is the favorite , even with the money on the table .
“ Obviously I would think that the odds - on favorite would be Miami , because Dwyane Wade would like to get with him and I think that would be where [ Iverson and agent Leon Rose ] would like to go .
But we ’re still talking to them and we ’ll see what happens . ”
Labeling the Heat as the favorite is pretty easy to do since Wade came out and said he ’d stay in Miami IF they worked towards being a contender .
Adding Iverson to the mix could definitely help towards that .
“ With A.I. , you look at a guy who is one of the best guys to ever put on an NBA jersey , ” Wade said in a recent radio interview .
“ A guy who can still score in the right offense , in the right flow .
So you can never turn your nose up at a guy like Allen Iverson .
I hear a lot of people that love and want to come to Miami , but it has n’t happened yet . ”
Wade and AI together could definitely be a high octane offense in the right system .
The question would really be can they co-exist .
Both players are scoring guards who can handle the rock .
They both could play some point if needed but both are better when the shots are funneling through them .
I ’m saying they can ’t .
Remember AI could n’t handle playing with Richard Hamilton in Detroit last season .
He did n’t take too kindly to coming off the bench and made a big stink about it .
How can I say so definitively that they can ’t ?
With Hamilton ’s size and versatility he was able to play small forward so both can be on the court at the same time .
Even with that happening those two could n’t work together .
So really how would two players who play the same position work ?
Like I said earlier its easy to label the Heat as the favorites but after reading that can you still consider them the favorites ?
To me , it ’s hard to do so .
In my eyes the favorite has to be Memphis , I do n’t see how Iverson can turn down the money .
More importantly I do n’t see how AI can turn down the chance at showing he can still perform .
The Grizzlies may have had a dismal 24 - 58 record last season but they do have plenty of young talent on their roster .
Adding a player like AI to the mix of Rudy Gay , OJ Mayo , Mike Conley , Marc Gasol , Quentin Richardson , Hakim Warrick and Hasheem Thabeet could be huge .
They could easily become a team threatening the 40 win plateau .
Not enough to make the playoffs but enough to make the team relevant and give those young guys plenty of bigger game experience .
A one year deal with the Griz could also set Iverson up for a better payday in the big ticket free agent summer of 2010 .
Vera Anderson/WireImage.com
And Here 's the Kicker : Conversations with 21 Top Humor Writers About Their CraftBoratBrüno .
Dan Mazer :
We were shooting a TV segment one time in Sedona , Arizona , and Borat was interviewing this new - age guy who was channeling angels through an " energized " cast - iron pyramid .
The guy asked Borat to take off his clothes and lie down on a cot .
The guy then began to chant and channel the angels .
But while the guy was chanting , Borat began to masturbate under the sheets , at which point this serene and gentle angel - channeler did that thing that Americans sometimes do — he just snapped .
He went absolutely crazy .
He screamed something like , " Why are you masturbating in my pyramid ?
This is no way to treat angels !
You have contaminated my aura ! "
Mike Sacks :
Angels hate that .
DM : They do ...
Sacha had managed to grab his underpants and jump into the back of the van .
We drove off and collected ourselves and ended up shooting a segment at a drum circle not far away .
All of a sudden , we hear police sirens ...
The police separated the director , and then me , and then Sacha to hear our individual stories .
So I gave my story .
The director gave his .
And then I went over to Sacha , expecting to hear him say , " Look , I 'm really sorry .
I was just doing this for a television show . "
And instead I heard , " I do not understand what you mean , ' masturbates . ' " ...
There was no way this was ever going to be seen by anyone , but nonetheless he was remaining steadfast in character .
The police were so frustrated by their inability to understand him that they just said , " Okay , okay .
Look , if you leave Sedona now , we wo n't press any charges . "
RELATED STORIES :
ENDORSEMENT : [ link href='/news-politics/a6053/bruno-movie-soldier-scene-070709 /' link_updater_label='internal_full ']
The Bruno Scene That the Military 's Happy to Be a Part of
STEPHEN MARCHE : Why We Need to Let Sacha Baron Cohen Stop Playing Us
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
When I was sixteen or seventeen , I wanted to be a writer .
I wanted to be a playwright .
But everything I wrote , I thought , was weak .
And I can remember falling asleep in tears because I had no talent the way I wanted to have .
Did you ever see Rushmore ?
I was just like that kid .
I 've had wine at the table all my life .
Even kids were allowed to have it .
We used to put ginger ale or lemon soda in it .
I did something terrible to my father .
When I was twelve or thirteen , I had a job at Western Union .
And when the telegram came over on a long strip , you would cut it and glue it on the paper and deliver it on a bicycle .
And I knew the name of the head of Paramount Pictures ' music department — Louis Lipstone .
So I wrote , " Dear Mr. Coppola :
We have selected you to write a score .
Please return to L. A. immediately to begin the assignment .
Sincerely , Louis Lipstone . "
And I glued it and I delivered it .
And my father was so happy .
And then I had to tell him that it was fake .
He was totally furious .
In those days , kids got hit .
With the belt .
I know why I did it : I wanted him to get that telegram .
We do things for good reasons that are bad .
People feel the worst film I made was Jack .
But to this day , when I get checks from old movies I 've made , Jack is one of the biggest ones .
No one knows that .
If people hate the movie , they hate the movie .
I just wanted to work with Robin Williams .
I was never sloppy with other people 's money .
Only my own .
Because I figure , well , you can be .
Ten or fifteen years after Apocalypse Now , I was in England in a hotel , and I watched the beginning of it and ultimately ended up watching the whole movie .
And it was n't as weird as I thought .
It had , in a way , widened what people would tolerate in a movie .
I saw this bin full of , basically , garbage film .
We had shot five cameras when the jets came and dropped the napalm .
You had to roll them all at the same time , so there was a lot of this leader , which was just footage .
So I picked something out of this barrel and put it in the Moviola and it was very abstract , and every once in a while you saw this helicopter skid .
And then over in sound there was all this Doors music , and in it was something called " The End . "
And I said , " Hey , would n't it be funny if we started the movie with ' The End ' ? "
I have more of a vivid imagination than I have talent .
I cook up ideas .
It 's just a characteristic .
I just admire people like Woody Allen , who every year writes an original screenplay .
It 's astonishing .
I always wished that I could do that .
To do good is to be abundant — that 's my tendency .
If I cook a meal , I cook too much and have too many things .
I was just watching a Cecil B. DeMille picture last night based on Cleopatra , and I realized how many parts of the real story he left out .
So much of the art of film is to do less .
To aspire to do less .
When I was starting out , I got a job writing a script for Bill Cosby .
He used to have the very best wine for his friends .
He did n't drink wine himself , but he had this wine called Romanée - Conti , which is considered one of the greatest wines in the world .
I never knew wine could taste like that .
He also taught me how to play baccarat .
And one night I had $ 400 , and I won $ 30,000 .
So I bought $ 30,000 worth of Romanée wines .
You have to view things in the context of your life expectancy .
The ending was clear and Michael has corrupted himself — it was over .
So I did n't understand why they wanted to make another Godfather .
I said , " What I will do is help you develop a story .
And I 'll find a director and produce it . "
They said , " Well , who 's the director ? "
And I said , " Young guy , Martin Scorsese . "
They said , " Absolutely not ! "
He was just starting out .
The only thing they really argued with me about was calling it Godfather Part II .
It was always Son of the Wolfman or The Wolfman Returns or something .
They thought that audiences would find it confusing .
It was ironic , because that started the whole numbers thing .
I started a lot of things .
I was in my trailer , working on Godfather II or III in New York , and there was a knock on the door .
The guy working with me said that John Gotti would like to meet Mr. Coppola .
And I said , " It 's not possible , I 'm in the middle of something . "
There 's an old wives ' tale about vampires — that you have to invite them in , but once they cross the threshold , then they 're in .
But if you say you do n't want to meet them , then they can't come in .
They can't know you .
I never saw The Sopranos .
I 'm not interested in the mob .
What greater snub can you get than that absolutely nobody went to see Youth Without Youth ?
Anything better than that is a success .
Some audiences love to sit there and see all the names in the credits .
Are they looking for a relative ?
What should I do now ?
I could do something a little more ambitious .
Or less .
Better less .
For me , less ambitious is more ambitious .
RELATED STORIES :
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
You never forget the rival who cast a shadow over your childhood , monopolizing your father ’s love and attention , clearly preferred .
This is especially true if she has bitten your hand so deeply that nearly 80 years later , a scar is still there .
Hers is a face you remember , and so it is that Harry Raven , now 82 , easily spots his old bête noire , Meshie  in a glass case at the American Museum of Natural History in Manhattan , even if her only identification is a sign that says “ Chimpanzee troglodytes . ”
“ There she is , that ’s her , ” Mr. Raven says , walking as quickly as a guy with an arthritic hip can toward a thoughtful - looking , taxidermied chimp , sitting with its legs crossed , its handlike feet large and leathery .
How does Mr. Raven know it ’s her ?
“ How do I know you ’re you ? ” Mr. Raven says .
“ I recognize the details . ”
He studies Meshie , recalling a previous exhibit that included a picture of her playing with his older sister , Jane ; he imitates , with a bit of an edge , Meshie ’s demanding , grunting , Uuuh - wooo !
uh - awooo ! yelp .
Mr. Raven has said that his father ’s devotion to Meshie at the expense of his family caused great heartache .
But standing beside the chimp , whom he has seen now and then at the museum over the years , he shows none of the emotion one might expect at the sight of an enemy vanquished .
Whew !
It feels good to be back in good ol ' Massachusetts !
I could do without all this sticky humidity , though .
Connecticon is this weekend !
I will be there , trying my best not to be tired or cranky ( or sober ) .
See you tomorrow .
.
( OrganicJar ) Did you know that 1 in 10 Americans are trying to live on $ 1 per meal ?
A new documentary called " Food Stamped " follows a couple ( a nutrition educator in low - income neighborhoods and her filmmaker husband ) as they attempt to eat a healthy , well - balanced diet on a food stamp budget of just a buck a meal .
Food justice activists , nutrition experts , politicians , and ordinary people living on food stamps weigh in on the struggles low - income Americans face every day .
Source : FoodStamped
Mr. Taylor was indicted in 2003 while serving as president , and he told the court that African leaders had assured him that the indictment would be annulled if he left office .
The presiding judge asked if there had been an agreement setting out the terms of his resignation .
“ There was nothing written , ” Mr. Taylor said , but , he said , leaders from West Africa and the African Union had told him “ everything would be done to quash the indictment . ”
“ I stepped down as promised , ” he said .
In August 2003 , he was offered exile by President Olusegun Obasanjo of Nigeria .
But Mr. Taylor was arrested there in 2006 and “ treated like a common criminal , ” he said .
“ I ’m damned angry at what Obasanjo did to me , ” he told the court , suggesting that others had also betrayed him .
“ As I sit here , I ’m still perplexed .
I ca n’t understand all the intrigues that happened to me . ”
In giving his version of events , Mr. Taylor surprised some of the court ’s investigators .
He said he had not been fleeing when he was arrested at the Nigerian border , but had merely been on his way to visit a friend , the president of Chad , Idriss Déby .
“ I was not trying to escape , ” he said .
“ I was escorted by four vehicles of armed Nigerian secret servicemen and Nigerian police . ”
But when the border police stopped him , they said they were acting on orders of the president , Mr. Taylor said .
“ They were extremely rude ; I was handcuffed , ” he said .
Mr. Taylor ’s testimony comes as another tribunal , the International Criminal Court in The Hague , has been frustrated by its efforts to arrest President Omar Hassan al - Bashir of Sudan on charges similar to those leveled against Mr. Taylor , including war crimes and crimes against humanity .
African leaders have so far stood behind Sudan ’s president and have said they will not arrest him .
When it comes to running a website , trust and security are of paramount importance .
Customers need to be sure that their data is safe and secure .
That is the only way a service provider can earn their trust .
So it is essential for you to have a verified SSL certificate for your website .
Sacramento Bee :
Fewer than 100 consumers out of a million covered in a class - action lawsuit settled in Sacramento Superior Court have redeemed coupons to buy a new Ford , but that has n’t stopped their lawyers from cashing in on a sweet payday .
So far , the dollar value remitted to plaintiffs in the Ford Explorer rollover class - action lawsuit has added up to about $ 37,500 .
Meanwhile , squadrons of lawyers from 13 firms from Sacramento to Woodbridge , N.J. , have raked in more than $ 25 million in attorneys ’ fees and expenses .
The knife , designed for use by Swiss soldiers , is now universally popular
By Imogen Foulkes
BBC News , Geneva
In Switzerland , there is a saying that every good Swiss citizen has one in his or her pocket .
It is an object that is recognised all over the world , and it is globally popular .
But the Swiss army knife had humble beginnings , and , at the start , it was n't even red .
In the late 19th Century , the Swiss army issued its soldiers with a gun which required a special screwdriver to dismantle and clean it .
Carl Elsener senior came up with the knife 's original simple design
At the same time , tinned food was becoming common in army rations .
Swiss generals decided to issue each soldier with a standard knife .
It was a life - saver for Swiss knife makers , who were , at the time , struggling to compete with cheaper German imports .
" My great - grandfather started a small business in 1884 , 125 years ago , " explains Carl Elsener , head of the Swiss knife manufacturer Victorinox .
" He was making knives for farmers , for in the kitchen and so on , and then he heard that the Swiss army wanted a knife for every Swiss soldier . "
Carl Elsener senior seized that opportunity with both hands , and designed a knife that the army loved .
" It was a very simple thing , " explains his great - grandson .
" It had a black handle , one big blade , a tin opener and a screwdriver . "
Global cult object Now , to mark the 125th anniversary , that first knife is on display at an exhibition at the Forum for Swiss History , together with hundreds of other Swiss army knives .
" The thing about the army knife is that it really has become a kind of global cult object , " says Pia Schubiger , curator of the museum .
" Everyone seems to have one , lots of people even have collections of them , and we wanted to explore this phenomenon . "
Exhibits include the " Schweizer Offizier Messer " , or Swiss Officer 's Knife , which came on the market a few years after the soldier 's knife .
The very first knife was designed to dismantle guns and open tinned food A more elegant design , it included a corkscrew and a pair of scissors .
Interestingly , the officer 's knife was never issued to those serving in the army .
The Swiss military purchasers considered the corkscrew not " essential for survival " , and so officers had to buy this knife individually .
But it was this design , says Carl Elsener , which launched the knife as a global brand .
" After the Second World War , Europe was full of American soldiers , " he explains .
" And as they could buy the Swiss army knife at PX stores ( shops on military bases ) , they bought huge quantities of them . "
" But it seems " Schweizer Offizier Messer " was too difficult for them to say , so they just called it the Swiss army knife , and that is the name it is now known by all over the world . "
Prototypes Today , there seems to be a knife for every kind of activity .
There are knives with altimeters for mountaineers and knives for anglers with special tools to get hooks out of the mouths of fish .
But not every prototype proved successful , and some of these are on display as well , including a knife with a pencil sharpener .
It made an ugly bulge at one end of the knife , and was eventually rejected .
The knife with 314 blades is in the Guinness Book of Records
Then there is the knife with a special blade for cutting cheese in precise slices of exactly the same shape and thickness .
It seems that even in Switzerland , there was not enough of a market for this one .
And in pride of place , there is the knife which no - one will ever put in their pocket , but which has an entry in the Guinness Book of Records .
With 314 blades , it is the world 's biggest penknife .
Visitors also have the chance to make their own knives - a basic design , including the ever popular corkscrew , bottle opener , tweezers , toothpick and screwdriver .
Space shuttle Master knife makers can put one together in less than two minutes , but for amateurs it takes much more time , patience , and a very steady hand .
Nevertheless , visitors to the exhibition are queuing up to try .
It is a sign of just how successful the idea has become , despite one or two false starts , like the cheese blade .
The Swiss army knife has even been into space with the crew of the space shuttle .
And an oversized copy is on display in New York 's Museum of Modern Art .
Its original designer probably never dreamt of such attention .
" I do not expect my great - grandfather ever had the idea that the Swiss army knife would be popular over the whole world , and become a symbol for Swiss quality and reliability , " says Carl Elsener .
" I think for him his vision was , in his small workshop , to manufacture a knife for the Swiss army . "
Here is a selection of your emails : I had the big Swiss Army in Liberia in 1964 .
Living in the bush it was a useful thing to have in my pocket .
My Jeep broke down so I called Monrovia on the 2 - way .
A technician at AID talked be through a tune up of the Jeep , when I got to filing the points it was clear this Swiss Army was more than OK .
Using many of the tools of the knife got my Jeep back on the road .
Andy Hanson , Aspen , Co USA
Yes , they are still legal to carry every day .
Precis of the current UK law :
If the edge ( note edge , not the whole blade ) length is 3 " or less , and the blade folds into the handle & does not lock open ( ie it's a traditional pocket knife , SAK or otherwise ) then it is legal to have it on your person .
Matthew Russell , Elanora , Australia I had one when I visited Geneva , Switzerland in the 1980s .
A friend was so attracted by its usefulness he begged me to give it to him .
I had to surrender that Swiss Army Knife to him .
Now I see a lot of copy cats , mainly Chinese makes in the shops around in my country !!
Mr. Oyay Papiti Ajack , Khartoum - Sudan
Have had too many stolen .
Gave up on using them because they lack a lock on blade , so too unsafe for an engineer getting old and losing his dexterity .
Fletcher Hanks , Oxford USA
While driving a taxi , one night two scruffins informed me they had a 9 mm S&W and were about to rob me with it and what did I think ?
They placed the gun on the lap of the guy in front .
I reached down my left side with my right hand where my open large switch type blade was and I said " I would pull out my 357 magnum ( using the knife to emulate the gun ) , turn around and blow your brains out the back windshield .
They looked real startled , tossed me a bunch of money and ran away fast , looking over their shoulders as they ran away .
Honest truth .
Gordon Roth , Creston BC Canada
Whilst climbing in Lugnaquilla , Wicklow my Swiss got me out of a sticky situation involving my climbing rope , carabiner and foot .
Pretty much saved my life .
Eoin , Dublin , Ireland I was carrying mine when in college and was on a double date .
Something happened with the car and the fellows needed a screwdriver .
Well , this girl and her screwdriver saved the day .
They were amazed that I had one to begin with .
Barbara Zarrella , Port Saint Lucie , Florida , USA I have had several SAK over the past 40 years and have used them daily and have taken them always on trips and to two wars !
Once I nearly cried in Kathmandu when a security officer took mine for safekeeping before boarding a flight to Lukla .
I argued :
What if we crash and I do not have it ?
The pilot , a Swiss , smiled and intervened on my behalf and invited me to sit up front next to him .
Wow , that was close !
Eliot Pearlman , Kyiv Ukraine
I always have my Swiss army knife to hand , except when I need it most when travelling !
Will the hysteria over airport security ever go back to a stage where a simple tool that serves less practical purpose as a weapon than the hands of someone who is well trained be allowed back on a plane ?
Like other commentators I have lost track of the repairs and fixes made with it ... opened a box with it this morning for a start .
Paul White , Wokingham , Berkshire
While travelling in the UK we stopped at a B&B .
The door bell when pressed would not turn off and the woman who ran the B&B could not fix it .
I removed the button with the screw driver cleaned the contacts with the file and did the same for the bell .
These knives have gotten me out of more jams and helped others more times than I can remember .
Roy Lindbom , Fort Myers , USA I always carry mine .
I was out walking in remote countryside one very hot summer 's day and discovered a deer with its antlers entwined in nylon mesh fencing .
The velvet was torn and bleeding and infested with flies .
The animal was in some distress .
My husband approached the deer and held it firmly - it did not struggle .
I cut the mesh away , my husband released the deer and it ran to the top of a small nearby hillock where it paused and looked at us , as if to say thank you , before disappearing .
After that incident , I always carry it .
Jill , Verwood , England I always carry my SAK .
The most frequent " emergency " situation it helps with is getting other people 's trapped cash cards out of ATMs - three times so far .
I have also used it to reattach a cyclist 's pedal to her bike , by whittling an ad - hoc alum key from a piece of roadside rubbish .
It 's indispensable and I would n't be without one .
Oscar Franklin , London I have two and the old penknife of my grandfather .
I 've used them for a thousand household and roadside repairs , not to mention filing finger nails and extracting splinters !
But does the law still allow me to keep one in my pocket ?
Wolfie Peters , Birmingham , UK
Of course I have had a Swiss army knife for the last 40 years .
I have used it to repair an aircraft in the bush in Africa ( throttle linkage came adrift ) .
I used it to solder a leak in a Land Rover radiator ( heated the blade tip red hot ) .
I could fill a book with its uses .
And I still have the knife in my pocket right now .
Look !!
Richard Palmer , Essen , Germany I bought the Swiss army knife in 1989 in Samoa and it has always been the first tool to use when i need a scewdriver or scissors even a file , it has remained in good condition throughout this period .
Milton M. Mokah , Nairobi , Kenya
My father bought me my first knife forty years ago - a humble Swiss Army with one blade , a screwdriver & scissors .
I used it for years until snapping the blade whilst levering up a floorboard !
Undaunted , I returned it to Switzerland for repair - unfortunately it was lost in the system and Victorinox sent me a much more expensive replacement as compensation .
Four months later , my original knife popped through the letter box , resplendent with brand new internals .
It brought a tear to my eye .
Great knife from a great company .
Tristan Martens
I have a Swiss army which I always take with me when I travel .
But since strict security laws were put in place after 9/11 , I do n't take it with me on my person as I would end up having it confisicated by airport security .
A shame really as the scissors and little knife is useful for opening packets , wrapping and just about anything on a plane .
Brenda Lyall , Aberdeen
In the 1980s , I was working in the USSR .
One trip involved shipping in several thousand dollars ' worth of computer equipment .
We got as far as Customs in Moscow Airport where we were met by a young lad whose favourite word ( perhaps his only word ) was " niet " .
After much standing around , the " import duty " was agreed and we were on our way .
The cost ?
One Swiss Army knife .
Mark , London I have had many Swiss army knives and carried them with me at all times .
However since airport security tightened I seem to have donated at least six knives which commemorated various engineering projects or were presents from vendors into the security companies ' hands .
So now I do n't carry the knife and have to borrow from the Hotel / vendor the tools that previously I had to hand .
Where did all those Swiss Army knives go ?
Carolynn , Den Haag , Holland
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
North Korean leader Kim Jong - il 's first son Kim Jong - nam survived an assassination attempt , according to South Korean news network KBS Monday .
KBS reported that the attempt was spearheaded by aides of the North 's heir apparent Kim Jeong - un , the 26 - year - old third son of Kim who was recently designated to succeed the North 's head .
However , the plot that was tried out without the knowledge of Kim Jong - il failed as China foiled the attempt .
KBS said Kim Jong - nam had maintained a close relationship with senior officials of China .
KBS said Kim Jong - nam could save his life with the help of China and added he might seek asylum in the world 's most populous country .
The General Services Administration ’s efforts to raise the quality of government architecture date to 1994 , when it established its Design Excellence Program to reverse a decades - long trend of government commissions going to firms with the deepest political connections rather than to those with the most talent .
One of the program ’s greatest accomplishments is that it was able to maintain its high standards of design despite mounting security concerns that began with the 1995 Oklahoma City bombing .
Image Control and transparency : The United States - Canada border station , designed by Smith - Miller & Hawkinson , in Massena , N.Y. Credit ... Nancie Battaglia for The New York Times
The visual transparency of projects like Richard Meier ’s district courthouse in Central Islip , N.Y. , completed in 2000 , and Morphosis ’ 2007 federal building in San Francisco , were proof that it was possible to pump up security without transforming government buildings into fortified bunkers , even as the country ’s anxiety mounted over fears of more terrorist attacks .
The Massena station is the latest chapter in that history .
As you come over the St. Lawrence River on the bridge from Canada , you see the big sign looming directly in front of you .
The metal letters spelling out “ United States ” are painted the yellow of a yield sign .
Their top halves are tucked underneath a translucent polycarbonate screen that encloses the second floor of the building , giving them a blurry quality and imbuing the sign with a sense of mystery .
You wonder , is this simply an emblem of American pride , or is there something more nuanced going on here ?
Some private code the viewer is meant to decipher ?
The answers are in the architecture .
As you approach the station , yellow lines funnel you into one of several lanes  some for cars , some for commercial trucks  before disintegrating into a series of yellow bollards that lead to checkpoints to the right and left of the main building .
A few yards from the guard booth , ominous - looking security cameras and warning signs flank you on both sides .
Those with a paranoid turn of mind may feel they have entered a gantlet in which they are relinquishing more and more control to government authority with every step .
But any such impression is quickly tempered by a sense of ease of movement .
There are no curbs anywhere , which emphasizes the smooth , flowing surface of the asphalt .
The slender canopies over the checkpoints resemble airplane wings on a runway , as if parts of the complex were preparing to take off .
Advertisements
Morning Joe host Joe Scarborough will never be mistaken for an Obama apologist , but when RNC Chairman Michael Steele tried to discuss the exploding cost of healthcare with him by using the standard GOP talking points Scarborough lit into him .
Once again , Steele managed to embarrass himself on national television .
Here is the video courtesy of Think Progress :
Advertisements
Things went downhill when Donny Deutsch asked Steele for one thing that he would do to lower healthcare costs .
Steele said , ” I ’ll give you three , 1 ) “ You ’ve got portability , ” 2 ) “ Let ’s create co-ops , ” and 3 ) “ Let ’s make it so that the people who are n’t employed or have an employer at the time can deduct their health care if they ’re not getting it through their employer . ”
But Steele was n’t done .
“ I ’ll give you an extra one : let ’s do tort reform ! ”
Scarborough replied , “ Mr. Chairman , I agree with you on all four points , but you can add up all those four points and none of them are going to take care of the overriding issue ” – exploding health care costs .
Those four issues will not cut costs . ”
Steele tried to dodge Scarborough ’s question , so Scarborough kept asking it again and again .
Scarborough brought up the possibility of an 87 year old who needs hip replacement surgery who is terminal .
Steele said that people should be able to get whatever they want without rationing heathcare .
Scarborough said , “ Then are you saying then if you are 87 you want it and you get it , and that the government pays for it or insurance companies pay for it , which means we all pay for it . ”
Scarborough kept hitting Steele hard , “ So we continue spending 25 % of our healthcare costs in the final year of life instead of taking care of preventive measures on the front end of life that will drive down healthcare costs in the long run ? ”
Steele said that is part of the discussion .
They both agreed that the legislation ca n’t be done in two weeks , and it is politically reckless to do it in two weeks .
Scarborough told Steele , “ Just saying no and not having a long term approach is politically reckless . ”
Steele is fine as long as he sticks to talking points , but as he admitted yesterday at the National Press Club , he does n’t do policy , which speaks volumes about the state of the GOP .
Joe Scarborough clearly knows more about the healthcare issue than Michael Steele , and he seemed exasperated by the fact that his party is being “ led ” by a policy moron .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The UN's top health official has opened a forum in Mexico on combating swine flu by saying that the spread of the virus worldwide is now unstoppable .
World Health Organization head Margaret Chan added that the holding of the meeting in Cancun showed confidence in Mexico , which has been hard hit .
The WHO says most H1N1 cases are mild , with many people recovering unaided .
As the summit opened , the UK alone was projecting more than 100,000 new cases of H1N1 a day by the end of the summer .
While Mexico in the northern hemisphere has seen swine flu cases decreased , the peak of the flu season is approaching in South America and some areas have declared a public health emergency .
Paraguay has reported its first fatality , while in Central America El Salvador has also recorded its first swine flu death .
' Mild symptoms '
" As we see today , with well over 100 countries reporting cases , once a fully fit pandemic virus emerges , its further international spread is unstoppable , " Dr Chan said in her opening remarks .
A hospital in Athens , Greece , has been quarantined for swine flu
She stressed that the overwhelming majority of patients experienced mild symptoms and made a full recovery within a week , often in the absence of any form of medical treatment .
The exceptions , she said , were pregnant women and people with underlying health problems , who were at higher risk from complications from the virus and should be monitored if they fell ill .
" For a pandemic of moderate severity , this is one of our greatest challenges : helping people to understand when they do not need to worry , and when they do need to seek urgent care , " Dr Chan said .
Turning to the summit venue , the WHO chief added : " Mexico is a safe , as well as a beautiful and warmly gracious , place to visit . "
Leaders and experts from 50 countries are in Cancun for the two - day meeting to discuss strategies for combating the virus .
It has been more than two months since the initial alert over swine flu .
Since then , the H1N1 virus has entered more than 100 countries , infected more than 70,000 people and killed more than 300 worldwide .
Authorities across South America are becoming increasingly concerned as the peak flu season approaches .
Schools across Argentina have sent students home and pregnant women have been told they can take two weeks off work to avoid contracting the virus .
It is hoped the Cancun meeting will address many of the issues that might help slow the spread of swine flu but , our correspondent adds , many people are concerned that an effective vaccine has still not been developed .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The Seasteading Institute , a self - described “ society of ocean pioneers ” has announced the winners of its first - ever 3 - D design competition–five visions for floating a housing development the size of a small town on an ocean platform .
The Institute , founded by Patri Friedman , a 32 - year - old former software engineer at Google , wants to make offshore living workable .
With funding from a top - tier VC , the Institute eventually hopes to produce open - source blueprints usable by anyone intent on creating their own country .
They ’ve already produced a design for a $ 50 million platform .
But the current concepts are n’t intended to be built–rather , it ’s an exercise to promote the concept–to visualize what a life offshore might be like .
Here ’s the five winners , culled from 41 entries :
“ Swimming City ” designed by 27 - year - old Hungarian graphic designer Andras Gyorf , took the grand prize of $ 1,000 .
It ’s the most traditional of the schemes .
Step away the floating platform , and the design could easily be a mixed - use redevelopment of factory lofts in Dallas :
Minneapolis - based architecture grad student Emerson Stepp did n’t exactly present a new concept for society and government –which is , after all , the Seasteading Institute ’s stated goal–but his design was good enough to win the Best Picture Award .
Stepp ’s “ Oasis of the Sea ” is a floating resort that would be the end point for a luxurious cruise :
Nissan is making a big push into the emerging electric vehicle market , and a lot of those cars will be stamped " Made in America . "
The Japanese automaker intends to produce EVs and batteries at its factory in Smyrna , Tenn. , the Nikkei business daily reported .
Nissan says it will have its first EV on the road next year .
The company plans to build as many as 50,000 vehicles in Japan next year , and Nissan officials have told us the goal is to sell as many as 10,000 in the U.S.
Once the American operation is up and running , it could build 50,000 to 100,000 vehicles annually by 2012 , the * Nikkei* says .
The automaker chose the United States because it hopes to tap Department of Energy loans and grants meant to jump - start the production of eco-friendlier automobiles .
The automaker had no comment on the Nikkei story , which was reported by Reuters .
“ To be clear , we have applied for a loan under a program included in the Energy Act of 2007 , " Fred Standish , director of corporate communications for Nissan North America , told the Tennessean .
This program is designed to retool old factories to produce advanced technology vehicles .
We hope to be approved for this loan , as we have provided a very strong business proposal .
At this time , we have nothing further to say or to announce . ”
We drove a Nissan EV prototype based on the Cube .
Read more about it here .
Photo : Jon Synder / wired.com
EA have really got behind the whole " free to play " thing of late , announcing it'll form the basis of future Tiger Woods and Need for Speed titles .
The first such game to test those waters , however , is Battlefield Heroes .
Advertisement
The premise is simple : take Battlefield , then make it absolutely free to play , by stripping some elements out and reserving them for paying customers , while supporting the whole thing via front - end advertising .
Such a move is like walking a knife 's edge .
Make too much free and there 's no point running it as a product .
Make too much paid content and you 'll piss people off who want to play for free .
Advertisement
Question is , then , can Battlefield Heroes manage to walk that line ?
LOVED
War Is Not Hell , It Is Gorgeous : Battlefield Heroes ' design initially drew " TF2 clone " accusations , but those are unfounded .
This game has a look all of its own , part Max Headroom , part , well , Wind Waker .
It 's charming , it 's attractive .
Even the theme song is catchy , and we have n't stopped whistling it all week long .
Learner 's Permit : Being a Battlefield title , vehicular control is a big part of whether the game succeeds or fails , and Battlefield Heroes manages just fine .
Land vehicles are quick and responsive ( the tank 's power has been reduced in exchange for added speed ) , while planes can even be controlled semi-successfully with a mouse .
Money Can't Buy You …Poisoned Knives : Had EA restricted certain special powers and weapons to paying customers , this game would be an instant failure .
Thankfully , that 's not the case .
Money can only buy you a few things ; mostly avatar clothing , along with a few upgrades that do things like level you up faster .
Everything else is paid for via XP , gained only through playtime and accomplishing missions , and while paying customers can get access to higher level weapons faster , they 're not locked out for those playing for free .
If you think that 's slightly unfair , remember , you 're playing for free .
Advertisement
Walk Right In , Sit Right Down : Battlefield Heroes is all about jumping right into the action , and once in , staying there .
To play , you just visit the site , login , then hit a giant yellow button that says " PLAY NOW " .
You 'll be automatically whisked away to a server .
Then , while in the game , respawn times are kept to an absolute minimum , at most 6 - 8 seconds , but sometimes only 3 - 4 .
Smooth As Ice :
We played Battlefield Heroes for a week , and in that whole time , only once encountered connection or server issues .
Considering the game is still technically in beta , that 's not too shabby .
Advertisement
Spongeheads :
There 's only a single one - shot kill in this game , and that 's if you 're run over by a land vehicle .
Everything else , from sniper headshots to grenades to dynamite , only takes off part of a player 's health .
It means that you 're never blindsided , and never killed off instantly because of something you never saw coming .
HATED
Spongeheads :
Yet this is a double - edged sword .
It 's great that you can't instantly be killed by a camping sniper from across the map .
But if you 're the camping sniper – or anyone else tricky enough to lay something like an ambush – it 's frustrating as hell .
Vehicle damage could also do with a tune - up , as it should n't take 3 - 4 shots from a tank to kill infantry .
2 - 3 would do just fine .
Advertisement
Matchmaker : Like we said , Battlefield Heroes is all about jumping into the action .
Which in some ways is great , but in others , quite frustrating .
We only want to play vehicle maps , for example .
Just vehicle maps .
But there 's no way of selecting this .
You can prefer to play vehicle maps , but when you hit PLAY NOW , you 're automatically taken to a server , and half the time , it 's for an infantry map .
Nothankyou .
Favourite servers can be bookmarked , but we'd love a server list option where we can filter for specific maps , or map types .
Class Warfare : Maybe we 've played too much Team Fortress 2 of late , but if a map is stacked with heavies , and we join as a heavy , we 'd love to be able to respawn as a commando .
Mix things up .
But you can't .
Because when you create a character , you 're bound to that character , as is all the XP you accrue while playing as it .
You can create additional characters , sure , but you can only play as one at a time .
Advertisement
There 's just something about the mix of clean , cartoon visuals and refined multiplayer mechanics that make Battlefield Heroes an absolute blast .
The fact you can play it effectively without paying a cent probably helps .
Series purists may turn their noses up at the new visual style and slightly more " arcade " feel of the game , but that 's fine .
For those people , there 's alway other Battlefield games .
That they have to pay for .
For everyone else , though , Battlefield Heroes is a fun , accessible shooter that retains the best strategic elements of the series while making the game appealing to a broader range of people .
If EA can add a few more matchmaking / server options to the game , Battlefield Heroes could be one of the sleeper hits of the year on PC .
Advertisement
Battlefield Heroes was developed by DICE , and published by EA for the PC .
Launched on June 25 , and is free to play , worldwide .
Created two characters , a level 7 Gunner and a level 10 Commando , in the Royal Army .
Confused by our reviews ?
Read our review FAQ .
When Wal - Mart announced in 2008 that it was pulling down the DRM servers behind its ( nearly unused ) online music store , the Internet suffered a collective aneurysm of outrage , eventually forcing the retail giant to run the servers for another year .
Buying DRMed content , then having that content neutered a few months later , seemed to most consumers not to be fair .
But that 's not quite how Big Content sees things — just ask Steven Metalitz , the Washington DC lawyer who represents the MPAA , RIAA , and other rightsholders before the Copyright Office .
Because the Copyright Office is in the thick of its triennial DMCA review process , in which it will decide to allow certain exemptions to the rules against cracking DRM , Metalitz has been doing plenty of representation of late .
He has now responded to a host of questions from the Copyright Office following up on live hearings held earlier this year , and in those comments , Metalitz ( again ) strongly opposes any exemption that would allow users to legally strip DRM from content if a store goes dark and takes down its authentication servers .
" We reject the view , " he writes in a letter to the top legal advisor at the Copyright Office , " that copyright owners and their licensees are required to provide consumers with perpetual access to creative works .
No other product or service providers are held to such lofty standards .
No one expects computers or other electronics devices to work properly in perpetuity , and there is no reason that any particular mode of distributing copyrighted works should be required to do so . "
This is , of course , true , but that does n't make it any less weird .
The only reason that such tracks are crippled after authentication servers go down is because of a system that was demanded by content owners and imposed on companies like Wal - Mart and Apple ; buyers who grudgingly bought tracks online because it was easy accepted , but never desired the DRM .
To simply say that they are " out of luck " because they used a system that the rightsholders demanded is the height of callousness to one 's customers .
While computers and electronics devices do break down over time , these music tracks were crippled by design .
Such an attitude looks even stranger when you consider that the music labels have in fact removed DRM as a requirement at stores like iTunes and Amazon , so all tracks purchased today are open and may work in perpetuity , however much the labels would prefer people to keep repurchasing the same song .
Keep this reality in mind when you read Metalitz 's next comment , which continues , " To recognize the proposed exemption would surely discourage any content provider from entering the marketplace for online distribution ... unless it was committed to do so ... forever .
This would not be good for consumers , who would find a marketplace with less innovation and fewer choices and options . "
The mind boggles .
This reads like copy from a Bizarro World manifesto on DRM , since the reality of the market for downloaded music ( which was the issue behind the proposed exemption ) has shown quite clearly that people do n't want DRM on their tunes and providers are happy to comply once the labels allowed it .
The current situation , with several major stores and little or no DRM on downloads , is manifestly better for buyers .
While the issue may seem almost irrelevant now for downloaded music , DRM is still alive and well on streaming music and most video streams and downloads .
Metalitz does n't want his clients to face a situation where decryption tools can be produced under the proposed exemption , then widely distributed .
How could such decryption tools be limited to those who have actually suffered from authentication servers going dark , he wonders ?
But the Copyright Office indicated that it may grant the exemption , asking Metalitz and other respondents to " assume that " the case has been made .
Metalitz declined to assume this , writing that " we cannot accept this invitation to assume that the Register [ of Copyright ] will recommend that the Librarian [ of Congress ] violate his statutory duty by recognizing Exemption 10B . "
Metalitz suggests that the market will take care of problems that arise , pointing out that Wal - Mart and others have all kept their DRM servers running after public outcries .
But Harvard Fellow Chris Soghoian , who proposed the exemption , noted that Wal - Mart will be shutting down its DRM servers for good in October 2009 .
" Wal - Mart 's latest actions provide ample evidence that the issue of DRM abandonware is not a hypothetical concern and that the market cannot be counted on to provide consumers with an adequate remedy , " he wrote .
BUDAPEST ( Reuters ) - Hungarian police have detained four people on suspicion of carrying out illegal , untested stem cell treatments using embryos or aborted fetuses at a Hungarian private clinic , police said in a statement .
The statement , posted on the official police website www.police.hu late on Tuesday , said two Hungarians , one U.S. and one Ukrainian citizen had been detained .
It said the suspects were detained as they were preparing to treat a new patient in a Budapest - based health institution .
Major Gabor Bucsek , who leads the police investigation , told Reuters later that 3 of the 4 suspects were detained in Budapest on July 27 and one Hungarian suspect was detained in a town in the countryside .
He did not name the place .
Police said in the statement they had launched proceedings on “ suspicion of a banned use of the human body . ”
“ There is well - founded suspicion that a U.S. citizen called Julliy B. has carried out stem cell treatments for money within the framework of a Hungarian stem cell research laboratory and a Hungarian - owned private clinic since 2007 , ” police said .
It was not clear what the nature of the treatment was .
Police did not name the detainees but said the Ukrainian suspect prepared the stem cell doses and patients generally paid $ 25,000 or 5 million Hungarian forints for a treatment .
Among the four people detained is Hungarian plastic surgeon Istvan Seffer who has a private clinic in the west of Hungary and who was co-owner of IRM Magyarorszag Zrt , a firm which used to have permission to carry out stem cell research , Seffer ’s lawyer Peter Zamecsnik told Reuters .
Zamecsnik confirmed Seffer had been detained .
He said IRM used a laboratory of the clinic until IRM ’s permission to do stem cell research was withdrawn last year .
“ Seffer decided to quit the firm IRM ... and therefore he took steps to wind up IRM , ” the lawyer said .
Hungarian website www.sonline.hu cited Seffer ’s brother Tibor Seffer as saying at a news conference on Wednesday in Kaposvar , a town in western Hungary where the Seffer &Renner clinic is located :
“ I believe my brother is innocent .
He is a doctor and he did not do any activity which would be banned or illegal . ”
The Budapest Municipal Court told national news agency MTI that it ordered the suspects to be taken into custody until the end of August .
Suspects can appeal against this ruling and Zamecsnik told Reuters Seffer had already appealed .
MANY CASES
Police said the suspects gained the stem cells from embryos or aborted fetuses .
Bucsek said treatment was likely carried out on several patients .
“ We assume in 8 cases , but there could be many more , ” Bucsek said .
The doses had not been tested , and the suspects carried out the treatments without permission from Hungary ’s health authorities , police said in the statement .
Police carried out house searches and seized computers and documents .
The International Society for Stem Cell Research said in a report released in December that it was “ very concerned ” that stem cell therapies are being sold around the world before they have been proven safe and effective .
The group of stem cell experts also released guidelines for researchers and regulators and a guidebook for patients without naming any specific clinic .
Hungary ’s Health Ministry issued a brief statement on Wednesday saying that at the moment no institution in the country had permission to carry out human stem cell research .
“ Nowhere in the world is this used as therapy and on a regular basis , there are only tests and research , ” it added .
It said only Hungary ’s Healthcare Scientific Council has the authority to issue permission to conduct stem cell research .
“ Research can not be conducted without permission , ” the ministry said , without giving more details .
Stem cells are the body ’s ‘ master cells ’ , the source of all cells and tissue , including brain , blood , heart , bones and muscles .
Embryonic stem cells come from days - old embryos and can produce any type of cell in the body .
Scientists generally harvest embryonic stem cells from embryos left over after in vitro fertilization attempts at fertility clinics .
Mr Blunkett was injured by the cow while out walking on his 62nd birthday Former Home Secretary David Blunkett is recovering after being injured by a charging cow in Derbyshire .
The incident happened on Saturday while the Sheffield MP was out walking on his 62nd birthday with his guide dog Sadie in the Peak District .
It is believed the cow ran at the dog and while trying to protect her , the blind MP fell and was trampled .
He suffered a broken rib and " painful bruising " but was declared well enough to attend a Labour Party meeting later .
Mr Blunkett told BBC Radio 5 Live 's Drive programme that the incident gave him a new insight into Labour 's problems .
" I am almost a metaphor , I 'm afraid , for what is going on in politics , I have a broken rib and am bruised all over but am still walking .
" I just hope I can manage to get into the meeting tonight ! "
FROM BBC RADIO 5 LIVE Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from BBC Radio 5 live
The MP for Sheffield Brightside will attend a meeting of the Parliamentary Labour Party later when it is expected Prime Minister Gordon Brown will be grilled about his future .
Alison Pratt , from the National Farmers ' Union , gave the following advice to others should they find themselves in a similar position .
" The best thing to do is to let the dog off the lead so it can run away because obviously a dog can run faster than you , " she said .
" The next thing to do is to get quite quickly to the edge of the field , collect the dog and leave . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Not to be outdone by the 10th anniversary of its sibling , the Chandra X - Ray Observatory , NASA 's Spitzer Space Telescope delivered this crazy looking eye - shaped galaxy image .
The iris of the eye is actually a ring of stars surrounding the area around an enormous , invisible black hole that is around 100 million times the mass of the sun and far larger than our galaxy 's central black hole .
The stars show up white and the space around the black hole is blue in this color - coded infrared image .
" The ring itself is a fascinating object worthy of study because it is forming stars at a very high rate , " Kartik Sheth , an astronomer at NASA 's Spitzer Science Center , said in a press release .
In infrared light , shorter wavelengths look blue , and longer wavelengths appear red .
Astronomers think the smaller blue galaxy peeking through the spiral arms may have actually punched a hole in the larger galaxy .
Spitzer captured this image during the cold part of its mission , which lasted more than five years and ended in May when the telescope ran out of coolant to keep some of its instruments chilled .
It will start the warm part of its mission with the remaining working instruments within weeks .
See Also :- X - Ray Telescope 's First 10 Years of Awesome Images
Image : NASA / JPL - Caltech / The SINGS Team ( SSC / Caltech )
In addition to catching raindrops , homeowners and building managers are trying out another way to conserve water : composting toilets .
Last month the city of Austin , Tex. , approved its first composting toilet .
Columbus , Ohio is adding some composting toilets to its parks .
Officials in Dutchess County , N.Y. , are studying the concept .
The toilets are supposed to use no water and , over time , create a usable fertilizer .
Many are supposed to be used indoors ( although the Austin model , which appears to be different , is for an outhouse - type unit ) .
People put composting toilets in all kinds of places , according to Jim Weaver , the operations manager of BioLet , a composting toilet maker .
“ Boathouses .
Pool houses .
Barns .
Workshops .
Cabins .
Anywhere where it ’s not convenient or economical to put a conventional toilet , ” he said .
Mr. Weaver said that business grew about 80 percent last year , but the recession caused a sharp drop .
Things have picked back up in the past several weeks , however .
Mr. Weaver said that the company typically sells more than 1,000 units a year .
BioLet ’s fastest - growing markets include Florida , Virginia , Arizona and Nevada .
Also , “ Alaska is just booming , ” he said , crediting an improved distribution system coupled with a “ lack of ability to put in septic systems and such because of the permafrost . ”
The company ’s largest markets are Maine and the upper Midwest ( where they are popular for cottages ) , as well as the Northwest , Texas and Colorado .
If you want to put in a composting toilet , the first thing to do is check with your local health department , said Tom Bruursema , general manager of the wastewater treatment unit program at the National Sanitation Foundation International , which sets standards for composting toilets and handles certification for some brands , such as Sun -Mar and Clivus Multrum .
“ Anytime you ’re dealing with residential wastewater , you have to have a permit from the health department , ” he said .
“ That ’s as true for a septic tank as it is for a compost toilet . ”
A few people have reported some difficulty with their composting toilets .
The units are not supposed to smell , but this blogger reported getting a whiff anyway .
Then , of course , there is the gross - out effect .
Mr. Weaver said that BioLet ’s toilets have to be emptied out about once every two months , depending on usage .
This entertaining piece in The Los Angeles Times recounts how the author bought a composting toilet , used it a few times , then let it idle for two months — until she got the courage to empty it , which she now does on a regular basis .
Dear Colleagues :
In my work , I have argued that animal advocates should not spend their time and resources on single - issue campaigns because as long as there is no political base in favor of abolishing animal exploitation , there can be no realistic hope for legislation that will significantly protect animal interests through the prohibition of various forms of animal exploitation .
The new welfarists , who favor single - issue campaigns and who do not agree that the vegan - abolitionist approach is necessary , often point to the British ‘ ban ’ on hunting foxes with hounds as the showcase example of how animal welfare regulation can work to protect animal interests .
I suggest that the advocates of new welfare are in error .
The ‘ ban ’ on fox hunting is a classic example of the futility of single - issue welfarist campaigns .
The ‘ ban ’ supposedly prohibits using hounds to hunt foxes but allows hunters to use hounds to follow a scent and to flush out a fox .
It is legal for hunters to use hounds to flush out a fox ( or other wild mammal ) and then shoot the animal or use a falcon to kill the animal .
Supporters of hunting are flouting the law and encouraging exploitation of all loopholes with the result that more foxes are being killed than before the ‘ ban . ’
The BBC reports that four years after the ‘ ban ’ went into effect :
Not a single hunt has gone out of business , there are twice as many registered hounds as there were three years ago and – according to the Alliance – the number of people hunting is up by 11 % .
With the Conservatives ahead of Labour in the opinion polls – and promising a free vote on the Hunting Act if they win the next election – supporters of hunting say repeal is now a probability rather than a possibility .
It is clear that the ‘ ban ’ on fox hunting is anything but a ‘ ban ’ and is a classic example of the futility of single - issue welfare reform .
The matter of animal exploitation requires a moral paradigm shift .
That shift must begin with creative , nonviolent vegan education .
Gary L. Francione
© 2009 Gary L. Francione
Press Releases
State Bank and Trust Company , Pinehurst , Georgia , Assumes All of the Deposits of the Six Bank Subsidiaries of Security Bank Corporation , Macon , Georgia
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
July 24 , 2009 Media Contact :
David Barr
Office Phone : ( 202 ) 898-6992
Cell Phone : ( 703 ) 622-4790
Email : dbarr@fdic.gov
The six bank subsidiaries of Security Bank Corporation , Macon , Georgia , were closed today by the Georgia Department of Banking and Finance , which appointed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ( FDIC ) as receiver .
To protect the depositors , the FDIC entered into a purchase and assumption agreement with State Bank and Trust Company , Pinehurst , Georgia , to assume all of the deposits of the six bank subsidiaries of Security Bank Corporation .
The six banks involved in today 's transaction are : Security Bank of Bibb County , Macon , GA , with $ 1.2 billion in total assets and $ 1 billion in deposits ; Security Bank of Houston County , Perry , GA , with $ 383 million in assets and $ 320 million in deposits ; Security Bank of Jones County , Gray , GA , with $ 453 million in assets and $ 387 million in deposits ; Security Bank of Gwinnett County , Suwanee , GA , with $ 322 million in assets and $ 292 million in deposits ; Security Bank of North Metro , Woodstock , GA , with $ 224 million in assets and $ 212 million in deposits ; and Security Bank of North Fulton , Alpharetta , GA , with $ 209 million in assets and $ 191 million in deposits .
The six banks had a total of 20 branches , which will reopen during normal business hours beginning tomorrow as branches of State Bank and Trust Company .
Depositors of the six banks will automatically become depositors of State Bank and Trust Company .
Deposits will continue to be insured by the FDIC , so there is no need for customers to change their banking relationship to retain their deposit insurance coverage .
Customers should continue to use their existing branches until State Bank and Trust Company can fully integrate the deposit records of the six failed banks .
Over the weekend , depositors of the six banks can access their money by writing checks or using ATM or debit cards .
Checks drawn on the banks will continue to be processed .
Loan customers should continue to make their payments as usual .
As of March 31 , 2009 , the six banks had total assets of $ 2.8 billion and total deposits of approximately $ 2.4 billion .
In addition to assuming all of the deposits of the failed bank , State Bank and Trust Company will acquire $ 2.4 billion in assets .
The FDIC will retain the remaining assets for later disposition .
The FDIC and State Bank and Trust Company entered into a loss - share transaction on approximately $ 1.7 billion of the six banks ' assets .
State Bank and Trust Company will share in the losses on the asset pools covered under the loss - share agreement .
The loss - sharing arrangement is projected to maximize returns on the assets covered by keeping them in the private sector .
The agreement also is expected to minimize disruptions for loan customers .
Customers who have questions about today 's transaction can contact the FDIC as follows :
Failed Bank FDIC Toll - Free Phone Number FDIC Website Security Bank of Bibb County 1-800-822-0412 http://www.fdic.gov/bank/individual/failed/sb-bibb.html
Security Bank of Houston County 1-800-822-7182 http://www.fdic.gov/bank/individual/failed/sb-houston.html
Security Bank of Jones County 1-800-822-9247 http://www.fdic.gov/bank/individual/failed/sb-jones.html
Security Bank of Gwinnett County 1-800-822-1918 http://www.fdic.gov/bank/individual/failed/sb-gwinnett.html
Security Bank of North Metro 1-800-823-4939 http://www.fdic.gov/bank/individual/failed/sb-metro.html
Security Bank of North Fulton 1-800-823-3215 http://www.fdic.gov/bank/individual/failed/sb-fulton.html
The phone numbers will be operational this evening until 9:00 p.m. , Eastern Daylight Time ( EDT ) ; on Saturday from 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. , EDT ; on Sunday from noon to 6:00 p.m. , EDT ; and thereafter from 8:00 a.m. to 8:00 p.m. , EDT .
To assume all of the deposits and purchase assets from the FDIC as receiver , State Bank and Trust Company received a $ 300 million capital infusion from a group of 26 investors , led by Joseph Evans .
The FDIC estimates that the cost to the Deposit Insurance Fund ( DIF ) will be $ 807 million .
State Bank and Trust Company 's acquisition of all the deposits was the " least costly " resolution for the FDIC 's DIF compared to alternatives .
The failure of the six banks brings the nation 's total number this year to 64 , and the total for Georgia to 16 .
The last FDIC - insured institution to be closed in the state was First Piedmont Bank , Winder , on July 17 , 2009 .
# # #
Congress created the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation in 1933 to restore public confidence in the nation 's banking system .
The FDIC insures deposits at the nation 's 8,246 banks and savings associations and it promotes the safety and soundness of these institutions by identifying , monitoring and addressing risks to which they are exposed .
The FDIC receives no federal tax dollars – insured financial institutions fund its operations .
FDIC press releases and other information are available on the Internet at www.fdic.gov, by subscription electronically ( go to www.fdic.gov/about/subscriptions/index.html) and may also be obtained through the FDIC's Public Information Center ( 877-275-3342 or 703-562-2200 ) .
PR - 130-2009
By Ben Cohen
For those of you still wedded to the idea that private health insurance is the best way to get people the health care they need , please take the time to watch this fascinating interview with former head of corporate communications for CIGNA Wendell Potter ( h/t Chez Pazienza ) .
Bill Moyers talks with Potter on the structure of the industry that puts profit over people and denies sick people crucial care .
Here 's an interesting exchange on why the insurance industry is so opposed to a public plan :
ADVERTISEMENT
Thanks for watching !
Visit Website
WENDELL POTTER : Absolutely right .
It 's the way the American system has evolved , the political system .
But it does offend me , that the vested special interests , who are so
profitable and so powerful , are able to influence public policy in the
way that they have , and the way that they 've done over the years .
And
the insurance industry has been one of the most successful , in beating
back any kinds of legislation that would hinder or affect the
profitability of the companies .
BILL MOYERS : Why is public insurance , a public option , so fiercely opposed by the industry ?
WENDELL POTTER :
The industry does n't want to have any competitor .
In fact , over the
course of the last few years , has been shrinking the number of
competitors through a lot of acquisitions and mergers .
So first of all ,
they do n't want any more competition period .
They certainly do n't want
it from a government plan that might be operating more efficiently than
they are , that they operate .
The Medicare program that we have here is
a government - run program that has administrative expenses that are like
three percent or so .
BILL MOYERS : Compared to the industry 's-- WENDELL POTTER :
They spend about 20 cents of every premium dollar on overhead , which is
administrative expense or profit .
So they do n't want to compete against
a more efficient competitor .
ADVERTISEMENT
Thanks for watching !
Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT
Thanks for watching !
Visit Website
So , the private sector is afraid of the public sector because it would be more efficient ?
It goes to show you how ridiculous the idea that the ' free market ' works best in providing people health care .
It does n't , and the private sector knows it .
That 's why they 're spending millions of dollars convincing everyone that it is .
For more on how to help fight the corporations , go here :
Health Care For America Now
The cable networks were all over promoting Michael Steele 's speech to the RNC yesterday .
( d - day asked if they ever televised Howard Dean 's speeches to the DNC when he was elected , but I digress . )
They gave Steele unfettered access to our airwaves and allowed him to give a partisan attack speech for almost thirty minutes to a man who is the laughingstock of the GOP and needs all the support he can get .
Giving him free , unpaid airtime to make a lengthy statement denigrating President Obama devoid of ideas , I guess , seemed like a good thing for Steele , but if they really wanted to show us what the RNC is all about , why did n't they televise the debate they had about their resolution which would have branded the Democratic Party the “ Democrat Socialist Party " ?
This would have been a much clearer window into the minds and hearts of the Republican Party , which has been the party of know - nothings and do - nothings and extremist rhetoric since the day Obama took office .
In the video above , you can get a glimpse of this internal debate : Neil Cavuto on Sunday absolutely castigated Republican National Committeewoman Cathie Adams for proposing the resolution .
Well , it looks like they are toning it down somewhat :
Members of the Republican National Committee appear to have reached a compromise that would let GOP leaders avoid a possible dispute over a controversial resolution that calls on Democrats to re-name their party the " Democrat Socialist party . "
Steele has come out against the resolution , calling it " not an appropriate way to express our views on the issues of the day . "
One of Steele 's allies on the committee , Florida GOP chairman Jim Greer , told CNN the resolution is " stupid " and " ridiculous . "
However , New Jersey committeeman David Norcross , one of the sponsors of the resolution , told CNN the language is being massaged so that Steele and others on the committee will be more receptive .
" The language is being changed so that the proposers and chairman Steele are on the same page , " Norcross said .
He said that as of Tuesday afternoon , the chairman of the RNC Standing Committee on Resolutions had changed the language to " condemn the Democrats ' march to socialism " instead of " talking about the ' Democrat Socialist ' party . "
The change was made , Norcross said , so that members " would n't have to fight about it , and I think everybody agreed . "
Steele figures that just calling Obama and the Democratic party socialists all day long in print and on TV is good enough because the talking heads will not call them out on it .
Why go to the effort when their media enablers are happy to handle the chore ?
Future plants of Renault ( Renault ) in Spain are hanging in the air after the announcement of 78 % drop in profit for 2008 , which amounts to € 599 million .
The same uncertainty is with the group Peugeot - Citroen ( Peugeot Citroen ) , which has lost € 343 million over the last year and reported the need to reduce 11’000 jobs .
Dutch bank ING has announced that he ceases to sponsor the team Renault in Formula One .
The Bank has supported the Renault and Fernando Alonso in the past few years , but now it comes out of sponsorship for the purpose of saving up .
The decision will come into force next season after the current contract ends this year .
New Year continued the trend of the last year .
The largest - ever registration performance decline in the production of cars in Spain was recorded in January this year .
The disappearance of the demand led to a 53 % reduction in relation to the level of last year , and conveyors let out only 123 ’ 762 new cars .
The market of commercial vehicles is also in very bad situation .
The number of trucks registered in January in Spain was the lowest in history , and compared to last year ’s rate was less of about 72 % .
The organization of employees SEOE asked for donations from the Prime Minister in the amount of € 3’000 - 12’000 to stimulate sales of industrial vehicles .
Many truck drivers have no choice but to declare themselves bankrupt .
During these six months more than 6’000 transportation companies have closed down and many have lost all , faced with a large unpaid traffic and closed doors of private lending institutions .
About 200’000 trucks are parked – which make 40 % of total truck number in Spain .
The so - called second half recovery got off to a rocky start .
The market was expecting 367,000 job losses for the month of June but instead got 100,000 more than expected .
The market quickly turned sour as 26,000,000 Americans are now unemployed or underemployed in the job market .
Yet what is even more troubling is the magnitude and severity of job losses hitting our economy .
To put this into perspective , as of June 2009 we had 131.16 million Americans employed in “ nonfarm ” occupations .
As of June 2000 that number was 131.83 million .
That is , we are going to have a decade of no net job growth .
In this same timeframe , we have added 24,000,000 people to the population .
But let us take a sobering look at the magnitude of job cuts we are seeing :
You will see that with the chart above the 2001 recession , which was modest by many standards , saw nonfarm employment peak right before the recession and did not hit a trough until January of 2004 .
Given that this recession is the deepest since the Great Depression even if we follow the 2001 model , we should n’t expect to see a trough until 2011 .
I am amazed that some people can look at a 467,000 job loss number and say it is okay .
There is nothing good about the employment report released Thursday .
If we dig deeper , we realize that the true unemployment rate measured by the U - 6 data is showing a much more painful economic environment :
The U - 6 number now shows a 16.8 percent unemployment and underemployment rate .
This is now in record territory .
Back in December of 2008 I posted these two charts and stated that people will start feeling this as a minor depression when the U - 6 rate hit 19 percent :
Now the rate of job losses is still very high and it is very likely that we will see that 19 percent rate for the U - 6 figure .
There are many out there believing that a second half recovery is imminent but what sectors are going to employ the 26,000,000 unemployed and underemployed Americans ?
It is hard to imagine any industry having the slack to pick up this job loss amount .
Take a look at how widespread job losses are hitting the economy :
The only sector that added jobs was education and health services and even here , it was a modest amount of jobs .
Every other sector including government shed jobs .
There really is no place to hide .
Now assuming we go back to the peak employment days when 138 million people were employed in nonfarm jobs , that means that we will need to find 7 million jobs for currently unemployed or underemployed Americans ( this of course assumes we lose no more jobs from here but the momentum is still moving forward ) .
The problem of course if we look at the data above again , we are losing higher paying jobs in “ goods - producing ” and also in manufacturing .
These sectors are getting hit the hardest .
Sectors like “ leisure and hospitality ” and “ retail trade ” are losing jobs but at a slower pace thus inflating the situation .
The real story is good paying jobs are disappearing at a faster rate .
It is amazing how quickly things are changing .
Since the start of the recession in December of 2007 we have seen 6,460,000 job losses .
And keep in mind this is the official number .
During this time , we have seen those working part - time for “ economic reasons ” go from 4.4 million to 9.3 million .
And how many people are working less hours , seeing no raises , and are having to cut back ?
These numbers are n’t reflected here .
Already with the job losses and the part - time for economic reasons , we see that over 11 million Americans have either lost their job or are working part - time for economic reasons since December of 2007 .
The employment situation is tough because many of the jobs added this past decade were based on the bubble economy .
Real estate and finance dominated many sectors .
In a sense , it is no surprise that we are now seeing no net added jobs for the entire decade .
The question not being explored by the media or those calling for a second half recovery is what industry is going to make up for all these job losses ?
To try to re-inflate the bubble by giving banks and the housing industry more money is simply a bad approach yet that is for the most part what we are doing and calling it stimulus .
Is it any wonder that it has n’t worked for the average American ?
If you enjoyed this post click here to subscribe to a complete feed and stay up to date with today ’s challenging market !
I was just reading the Direct Villas blog and I found this awesome picture of Mickey 's Forest :
The project to make the forest was announced in a 1992 cast member newsletter that you can read here .
It was supposed to represent the start of a big plan to re-forest about 2,000 acres of Lake and Orange counties but completing Mickey 's Forest was as far as Disney got .
Since then the forest has pretty much been forgotten about , many of the locals do n't even know it exists .
Image credit : Orlando Sentinel
Get a real good look at the forest and surrounding areas by using the interactive Google map below .
CLEVELAND -- LeBron James struggled with sudden fame after appearing on Sports Illustrated 's cover as a 17 - year - old and admits he smoked marijuana during his junior year in high school .
Those are two of the revelations in a book chronicling James ' rise from Akron , Ohio , hoops prodigy to NBA superstar .
In " Shooting Stars , " written by James and co-author Buzz Bissinger , James said the SI cover and the media attention he and his high school teammates received was difficult to handle .
" We had become big - headed jerks , me in particular , " James said , " and we are to blame for that , but so are adults who treated us that way and then sat back and smugly watched the self - destruction . "
In the book , scheduled for release in September , the NBA 's reigning MVP recounts the media circus that enveloped his final two years at St. Vincent - St. Mary High School following his SI cover appearance .
James said he and close friends Dru Joyce , Sian Cotton , Romeo Travis and Willie McGee -- nicknamed the Fab Five -- became " rock stars " and took advantage of their celebrity .
" I was arrogant , dubbing myself " The Chosen One , " James said .
" In hindsight , I should have kept quiet , but I also was what I was , a teenager where every reporter in the world seemed to be rushing toward me at once . "
James also revealed he and his teammates smoked marijuana one night after getting access to a hotel room in Akron .
James feels he was unfairly targeted by the media , which he described as " excited spectators at a car crash " after it was learned that his mother , Gloria , obtained a loan to buy him a $ 50,000 Hummer for his birthday .
He said the scrutiny was humiliating for his mother , who was living with him in a rental - assistance apartment .
" Was the vehicle excessive , with its bank of three televisions ?
Maybe .
Probably .
Of course it was , " James said .
" So were the BMWs parked in the St. V lot , belonging to fellow students .
But nobody ever questioned those . "
James also recounts being suspended by the Ohio High School Athletic Association for accepting two throwback jerseys as gifts from a Cleveland area clothing store .
He describes the OHSAA as " ravenous " and is highly critical of former commissioner Clair Muscaro .
James said Muscaro , whose suspension of him was later reduced in court , wanted to put James and his school " in our place .
... " this was a witch hunt , one - man posse 's attempt to humiliate me , subject me to ridicule , rip open rumors that I was corrupt and ruin a dream . "
James said the experiences drew he and his friends closer and proved to be valuable life lessons , many of which he attributes to " karma . "
James and Bissinger focus almost entirely on James ' final two years of high school and do not delve into his early career with the Cleveland Cavaliers .
Bissinger is best known for " Friday Night Lights , " a bestseller on Texas ' obsession with high school football .
First , there was our article about a redesigned PS3 being revealed at E3 .
Shortly thereafter images were leaked on LevelUp of what appears to be a PS3 slim .
Since then every gaming site on the ‘ net has ran some type of an article , either debunking it , or explaining why they think it ’s real .
I stand by my initial assertion that it ( the SlimPS3 ) is indeed real .
We are not verifying these photos at all .
Anyone who has seen the leaked images of the PS3 Slim has surely wondered how the size compares to the original PS3 .
A new image has surfaced thanks to NeoGAF member RanoNL .
The pic shows an original PS3 standing vertically , and along side it what appears to be a PS3 Slim standing vertically .
While we are n’t sure of the validity or the origin of the image , it clearly shows that the PS3 Slim ( if that is the same PS3 Slim as the leaked pics ) is significantly smaller than the original PS3 .
Taking a closer look at the image , it does n’t appear as though it has the ‘ PS3 ’ logo on the bottom , so there is a chance this is n’t the same PS3 Slim case as the one shown in the leaked pics ( which again we believe is real ) .
For now all we can do is speculate until Tuesday , June 2 at 11 AM when the SCEA E3 Press Conference ( which we will be live - blogging as it happens ) starts , and the PS3 Slim is finally revealed .
[ Source ]
Click the thumbnails below to view in full size .
[ Update ]
It ’s starting to look as though this photo is of a knock - off called “ FunStation 3 ” and not the true PS3 Slim .
[ Source ]
MADRID 
A bomb that killed two police officers on the Spanish resort island of Majorca on Thursday , just days before the king and queen were to arrive , appeared to be the second attack in two days by the violent Basque separatist group ETA .
All ports of entry were closed temporarily while the police hunted for suspects , throwing the island ’s busy airport into chaos at the height of the tourist season .
The police cleared streets around the site of the bombing , and nearby beaches , normally crowded , were deserted .
The bomb exploded about 2 p.m. , just as the officers were getting into a car outside a police building in the coastal town of Palma Nova , about nine miles from the main city of Palma .
The victims , Diego Salva Lezaun , 27 , and Carlos Saénz de Tejada García , 28 , were members of the civil guard , a rural police force .
An amateur video broadcast by Sky News showed bright flames leaping from the charred wreck of the car .
El Pais newspaper reported that body parts and a car seat had been hurled into a tree .
Amazon 's got Grim Richard 's new book " The Book of Gabriel " .
Ca n't find it ?
Go there directly by typing in www.bookofgabriel.com
Paul from GeekSmack has gotten confirmation from sources close to Microsoft of the imminent official announcement of Windows 7 RTM on 13th July when Microsoft ’s WPC09 ( Worldwide Partner Conference ) will take place in New Orleans .
This means that Windows 7 code will be finalized and it ’ll be the build that ’ll ship to customers .
It ’ll start shipping to manufacturers before customers get their hands on it , hence Release To Manufacturers ( RTM ) .
This website might have a hand in the early completion of Windows 7 RTM .
Windows 7 has gained a lot of popularity , specially after the bad fame that Vista got due to its improvements , new features , customization and specially performance .
A huge number of people are already using Windows 7 RC that was release some time ago .
Windows 7 will ship along with the release of Office 2010 and Microsoft Security Essentials , a free and excellent antivirus + antimalware solution from Microsoft .
Not sure what Windows 7 offers over previous Windows versions ?
You might want to check reasons why you should move to Windows 7 .
Unsure about the price ?
check out the pricing plans .
Microsoft will also be offering a Windows 7 Home Premium Family Pack for installation on up to 3 computers at a discounted price .
Windows 7 is gearing up to be good release and the reception amongst customers is expected to be better than it was with Vista .
P.S. Stay tuned to this blog to win a free copy of Windows 7 soon . ;)
Millions of Americans are turning to the Internet to look for new jobs .
But in many parts of the United States , public libraries are the only free provider of that crucial combo : a computer plus Internet access .
This means that low - income job seekers depend on them when searching for employment .
Oddly , as library development directors look for funds to beef up their networks , they 're not finding the support they expected from the White House 's $ 7.2 billion broadband stimulus package .
The first round of stimulus grants " in effect de-prioritizes libraries and discourages them from applying for funding , " complains the American Library Association in a letter sent to the National Telecommunications and Information Administration .
" The ability of our libraries to meet community needs is in jeopardy — especially when library use has heavily increased across the country in these difficult economic times . "
Household snafu
As we 've reported , the government has released its first Notice of Funding Availability ( NOFA ) for American Recovery and Reinvestment Act broadband grants and is asking for project proposals .
Two agencies are handing out the money : the Department of Agriculture 's Rural Utilities Service , and the NTIA 's Broadband Technology Opportunities Program ( BTOP ) .
It 's the funding standards of the latter agency that are at issue here , in one crucial category : broadband infrastructure .
Libraries everywhere can apply for BTOP Computer Center and Sustainable Broadband Adoption grants — the latter supports programs to encourage broadband awareness .
The concern for ALA is with the conditions by which applicants can qualify for last and middle mile infrastructure projects that will boost a library 's capacity to provide high speed service to patrons .
So what 's the problem ?
First , says ALA , the NTIA 's definitions of " unserved " and " underserved " areas — those being the regions eligible for grants — effectively screen out a lot of worthy libraries .
To BTOP , " unserved " means regions consisting of one or more census blocks where at least nine out of ten households " lack access to facilities - based , terrestrial broadband service , either fixed or mobile , at the minimum broadband transmission speed . "
" Underserved " means places where half the households have no access , or areas with similar handicaps .
These household - based definitions have an " unintended consequence " for metro area libraries , ALA notes .
Those " located in urban and suburban communities will be unduly penalized even though they are well - positioned to provide internet access via broadband connectivity to everyone in their community . "
Always in use
Here 's the problem , illustrated .
Ask any big city librarian , and they 'll tell you that while their region as a whole may be richly served with high speed Internet providers , their building is besieged by unserved people — unemployed women and men without access to broadband and / or computers .
That 's the case at the main branch of the San Francisco Public Library , which this writer often visits .
Sure , householders in this neck of the woods can get Comcast or AT&T DSL , or even Verizon VZAccess off their Blackberry .
But that assumes that they have n't lost their job and are n't broke besides .
Lots of newly unemployed people are keeping their broadband accounts no matter what .
But for those who can't , the library provides one hour computer / Internet connections .
Rarely is a station unoccupied .
" If we had twice as many computers as we have now , they would be full all the time , " Susan Cohen , SF Main Branch Jobs and Career Librarian told us .
" The computers are always in use . "
In fact , library patronage has jumped since last October , when the economy started taking a serious downturn .
The sheer number of people sitting in the building has grown , we 've noticed .
And staffers say that library attendants are almost overwhelmed by the number of books they have to return to the shelves .
Many of these newly unemployed patrons are either looking for jobs or business opportunities , Cohen says .
And many jobs require a Web - based application .
" You used to be able to just walk in and apply , " she noted .
" Now you have to do it online . "
That has put more pressure on job hunters to find computers , and more pressure on the library to help them .
Demand for the main branch 's computer network has so increased that the library has set up a special center where San Franciscans can access a terminal for up to four hours , enabling them to do more job hunting research or write a full resume .
The center is always running at capacity , we were told , helping about sixteen people a day .
San Francisco is not alone in facing these challenges .
ALA research indicates that seven out of ten libraries represent the only resource for gratis computer / Internet access in their areas .
Almost all libraries provide some kind of access at no charge .
Minimum upgrade
ALA is also a bit miffed that the BTOP grant conditions adopt a " single definition of broadband " ( 768 kbps downstream minimum ) that does n't offer extra points to libraries that want to offer faster speeds .
" Therefore , service providers are not incentivized to build broadband networks to libraries ( or other community anchor institutions ) , " ALA writes .
" Points should be awarded to applicants ( including service providers ) that apply to build out high - speed broadband connectivity to libraries . "
And , of course , the Association wants libraries exempted from those unserved / underserved household definition requirements for future grant application windows .
There are two more coming before all the stimulus money is awarded .
Since round one winners will be notified starting in September , round two might not start until next year .
All the BTOP grants have to be in the hands of successful applicants by September 2010 ; it 's a little over four billion dollars , all told .
Cop Pulls Over Ambulance : Now Facing Job Loss and Lawsuit ?
Trooper v. EMT Encounter Results in Attorney Media Battle
An Oklahoma state Trooper is under fire , figuratively anyway , after possibly picking the wrong vehicle to pull over .
In an incident last month , Trooper Daniel Martin was responding to a call for backup when he says an ambulance failed to yield to him , and worse , Martin thought he saw the driver flip him " an obscene gesture " .
So he pulled over the ambulance for failing to yield .
But that 's when things may have gotten a bit out of hand because it turns out that the ambulance was taking a patient to the hospital , the AP reports .
After the traffic stop , paramedic Maurice White Jr. jumped out of the back and demanded that Martin talk to him , and not the driver of the vehicle .
Well , to make a long story short , things escalated and Martin ended up trying to arrest paramedic
White , all while a patient sat in the back of the ambulance .
Fortunately for Trooper Martin , the patient in the ambulance appears to have ended up no worse for wear from the incident , as she got to the hospital , received treatment and was later released .
But the more troubling release , at least for Trooper Martin , was that of cell phone video the patient 's son took of the incident .
That video , plus more later released from the trooper 's car dashboard cam , now has Martin 's attorney , Gary James , working damage control , while his client has been placed on paid leave while an investigation is conducted .
According to the AP story , Martin 's attorney says the trooper " did n't realize there was a patient in the ambulance until well after the situation had intensified .
He either did n't hear it or it did n't register . "
At the same time , however , the AP noted the video shows paramedic
White repeatedly telling Trooper Martin they had a patient they needed to get to the hospital ( prior to the scuffle and arrest attempt ) .
Still , according to Martin 's attorney , the laws " allows an officer to pull over an ambulance if its emergency lights and sirens are n't running , as was the case in this incident . "
Well , even if the traffic stop may have been legal , it might not be as clear whether what came after was permissible ( it should probably be noted here that White did n't get arrested , after all was said and done ) .
Paramedic
White 's attorney , Richard O'Carroll , disputed James 's statements and blamed Martin for the incident .
Responding to bruises Trooper Martin allegedly suffered he said , " [ White ] was lawfully behaving against an unlawful action and in this state , that 's appropriate ...
In Oklahoma , what we call a Wild West state , if the policeman 's actions are inappropriate , you have a right to reasonably resist . "
O'Carroll followed up , " [ g ] iven Trooper Martin 's attitude on this , I believe that I am going to have to instruct him as to what is right and what is wrong in this state " , but it is still unclear whether a lawsuit will be filed in this incident .
This News on 6 story linked below has a comprehensive lineup of links to videos , report , and statements by various parties in the matter .
Illustration by Steve O'Brien
WESTMINSTER loves the language of gore .
People talk of “ back - stabbings ” and “ assassins ” ; of electoral “ massacres ” ; of paths to power “ littered with corpses ” and of “ bloodbaths ” if the powerful are crossed .
In this sanguinary lexicon MPs are accounted “ brave ” and “ heroic ” for drafting a motion that calls for a parliamentary official to resign , or for writing newspaper articles that are codedly critical of their leaders .
They are n't .
It is brave to attend a protest rally in Burma .
It is brave to be an independent journalist in Russia .
It is brave to be a human - rights monitor in Syria .
In Britain heads roll or are impaled on spikes only metaphorically .
Only ink actually gets spilt : there will not be blood .
The costs of sticking out a neck are pifflingly low .
Ordinary Britons might well wonder why in these febrile times so few politicians , whether commanders or foot soldiers , are willing to make a stand .
Consider the three imbroglios that have paralysed politics .
First , the fate of the soon to be ex-speaker , Michael Martin .
On May 11th he rebuked two MPs who said things he did n't like ; attempting , on May 18th , to cling to his canopied chair , he seemed mumblingly ignorant of the procedures he is supposed to oversee .
After his failings on MPs ' expenses ( see article ) , it was painfully clear that he had to go .
And on May 19th Mr Martin announced that he would .
Yet only 23 MPs were “ brave ” enough to sign the “ no confidence ” motion that exhorted him to .
In fact , some of the reasons offered by those who backed the speaker had merit .
Mr Martin did not force those implicated in the expenses debacle to submit dodgy claims .
Why should he be sacrificed to camouflage the guilt of others ?
Quite so : others should plainly go too .
Some MPs worked the expenses system too disreputably to keep their seats or , in some cases , their ministerial jobs or places on the Conservative front bench .
Hazel Blears , the communities secretary , who wrote a belated cheque for the amount of capital - gains tax she did n't pay when selling what was once , for expenses purposes , her “ second home ” , is not the only cabinet member in this category .
Those top
Tories who made lucrative second - home claims on properties in spitting distance of their first homes are similarly bespattered .
Yet , so far , a pair of the most disgraced Labour MPs have been suspended by their parliamentary party and one disposable junior minister has stepped down ; on the Tory side , David Cameron jettisoned an aide , and a few backbenchers who made baronial expenses claims have said they will not stand again .
Some have apologised and , like Ms Blears , brandished penitential cheques .
But otherwise Gordon Brown and Mr Cameron have hidden behind scrutiny panels and regulatory reforms — classic bureaucratic responses to an essentially moral problem .
Mr Brown vowed to prevent anyone who had “ defied the rules ” from seeking re-election , and called the antics of Ms Blears and others “ unacceptable ” .
But neither he nor Mr Cameron has employed the obvious remedy : to sack the egregious offenders and urge specific deselections , or impose them on reluctant constituencies if necessary .
And although some activists are calling for a cull , few MPs , even among the clean ones , have joined them .
So to the final intrigue — the revived murmurs among Labour MPs about ditching Mr Brown himself .
Before he became prime minister in 2007 , few raised a squeal of protest ; since then , some have been grumbling almost constantly .
The arguments for and against installing another leader voiced during last summer 's aborted mutiny are again doing the rounds .
Again MPs lament Mr Brown 's charmlessness and Labour 's likely electoral rout .
Again they meekly look to the cabinet to lead a coup .
A time to cull
These different instances of collective timidity have some common explanations .
In each case “ boldness ” has been inhibited by loyalty to friends , qualms about ruining careers and concern about constitutional niceties ( it has been one of those weeks when commentators sagely bandy about medieval dates and precedents hastily garnered from Wikipedia ) .
The main explanation , however , is politicians ' self - interest .
Backbenchers fear the ghoulish tortures of whips and the lost chance of preferment that rudeness about the prime minister might incur .
Some fear that speaking out about the need for expenses - related sackings could set off a wave of retribution that could eventually engulf them too .
The party leaders are stalling , reluctant to wield their metaphorical axes until they are sure where the chopping would end .
Mr Brown may worry that punishing some MPs will make him still less loved among the rest .
Unfortunately , the politicians ' self - interest is unenlightened and myopic .
With so little life left in the government , the cost to the careers of Labour mutineers would be nugatory ; indeed , their stature might be enhanced if the plot came off .
The confrontation between Mr Brown and the malcontents is less like a gunslingers ' deadly stand - off than the Monty Python sketch in which two men slap each other with fish .
Meanwhile , implementing or supporting tough discipline for the most extravagant expenses artists might indeed lead to awkwardness and perhaps the odd by - election .
But through their hesitancy the big parties have been tainted more than they need have been by the chancers they harbour .
And they have left a space that insurgent parties and anti-sleaze independents are moving into .
It is hard to avoid the conclusion that too many politicians are immobilised by a mix of inertia and spinelessness .
Obstacles that are actually puny to them look Himalayan .
To be snubbed in a parliamentary canteen seems as daunting as being put against a bullet - dented wall .
Like many cowards , alas , they risk bringing on the fate they most fear .
Economist.com/blogs/bagehot
TEENAGE pregnancies and syphilis have risen sharply among the generation of American schoolgirls who were urged to avoid sex before marriage under George Bush 's evangelically driven education policy , according to the leading US public health body .
In a report that will surprise few of Mr Bush 's critics on the issue , the Centres for Disease Control ( CDC ) says years of falling rates of teenage pregnancies and sexually transmitted diseases ( STDs ) went into reverse or stalled in the Bush years .
According to the CDC , birth rates among teenagers aged 15 or older had been in decline since 1991 but rose sharply in more than half of American states after 2005 .
The number of teenage girls with syphilis had risen by nearly half after a big decrease , while a 20 - year fall in the gonorrhea infection rate was being reversed .
AIDS cases in adolescent boys had nearly doubled .
The CDC says southern states tend to have the highest rates of teenage pregnancy and STDs .
In addition , about 16,000 pregnancies were reported among girls aged 10 - 14 in 2004 and a similar number of young people in the age group reported having a sexually transmitted disease .
" It is disheartening that after years of improvement with respect to teen pregnancy and STDs , we now see signs that progress is stalling , " said Janet Collins , a CDC director .
Composite photo of President Richard M. Nixon as he telephoned " Tranquility Base " and astronauts Neil Armstrong and Edwin " Buzz " Aldrin after their historic Apollo 11 moon landing on July 20 , 1969 .
This story was updated at 8:09 p.m. EDT .
Thetriumphant success of NASA ?s Apollo 11 moon landing 40 years ago is a familiarstory to most Americans , but it may be a surprise to some that then - PresidentRichard Nixon was ready for disaster .
Tucked awayin the National Archives the speech written for Nixon for the historiclunar landing on July 20 , 1969 , but one he never hoped to read .
It was acontingency speech , one Nixon would only read if tragedy struck the Apollo 11 mission and stranded commander Neil Armstrong and lunar module pilot BuzzAldrin on lunar surface forever while their crewmate Michael Collins circledthe moon in the command module .
The speech surfaced about 10 years ago , aroundthe 30th anniversary of the firstmoon landing .?
In his 2001 book ?
Almost History , ? which chronicles backup plans , speeches anddocuments that were never needed , author Roger Bruns details the origins of the Apollo 11 failure speech .
They can be traced to astronaut Frank Borman , who commanded the 1968 Apollo 8 mission around the moon , who recommended toNixon speechwriter William Safire that it would be prudent to have a plan incase the Apollo 11 astronauts suffered a very public demise , Bruns explained . ?
Accordingto the plan , Bruns added , Nixon would have called the wives of the Apollo 11 astronauts to express his condolences and then give the following speech :
" Fate has ordainedthat the men who went to the moon to explore in peace will stay on the moon torest in peace .
These brave men , Neil Armstrong and EdwinAldrin , know that there is no hope for their recovery .
But they also know that there is hope for mankindin their sacrifice .
" These two men arelaying down their lives in mankind 's most noble goal : the search for truth andunderstanding .
They will be mourned by their families and friends ; they will bemourned by their nation ; they will be mourned by the people of the world ; theywill be mourned by a Mother Earth that dared send two of her sons into theunknown .
" In their exploration , they stirred the people of the world to feel as one ; in their sacrifice , theybind more tightly the brotherhood of man .
In ancient days , men looked at starsand saw their heroes in the constellations .
In modern times , we do much thesame , but our heroes are epic men of flesh and blood .
" Others will follow , and surely find their way home .
Man 's search will not be denied .
But these menwere the first , and they will remain the foremost in our hearts .
" For every human beingwho looks up at the moon in the nights to come will know that there is somecorner of another world that is forever mankind . "
Accordingto Bruns , the stricken Apollo 11 astronauts would then shut down communicationswith Mission Control and there would be a brief ceremony by a clergymancommending their souls to the ?
deepest of the deep .?
Safire entitled his memocontaining the backup speech ?
In the Event of a Moon Disaster .?
Of course , there was no moon disaster and the Apollo 11 astronauts and Nixon spoke withthem by a phone - to - moon link while Armstrong and Aldrin were on the lunarsurface .
They lifted off on July 21 , 1969 as planned and returned to Earth afew days later .
Armstrong , Aldrin and Collins splashed down in the ocean , werequarantined for a short period to make sure they didn?t pick up any cosmicmaladies , then received the star treatment with ticker tape parades and a worldtour .
But thefact that Nixon was prepared for such a tragedy is a reminder of the unknownrisks that faced the first moon explorers , especially as NASA celebrates the 40 thanniversary of the Apollo 11 landing and prepares to return astronauts tothe lunar surface by 2020 in new Orion capsules and Altair landers .
New Video - Apollo 11 : The Eagle Has Landed
Image Gallery - Project Apollo : " Before This Decade is Out "
SPACE.com Special Report - THE MOON : Then , Now , Next
Fortyyears after astronauts first set foot on the moon , SPACE.com examines whatwe ?ve done since and whether America has the right stuff to get back to themoon by 2020 and reach beyond .
For exclusive interviews and analysis , visitSPACE.com daily through July 20 , the anniversary of the historic landing .
Editor 's note :
This story was corrected to reflect that astronaut Frank Borman commanded the Apollo 8 mission in 1968 .
Alien Breed Evolution Remakes Amiga Classic
Few details accompanied the announcement , other than that Alien Breed Evolution will be a download - only title with singleplayer and 2 - player co-op both local and online .
An Xbox 360 release is due late this year , with a PlayStation 3 version planned to follow .
The original Alien Breed saw space marines cleansing a space station of Giger - esque aliens while collecting credits to purchase increasingly flamboyant firearms .
( Photo : Alan Zale for the New York Times )
Summer is underway , and Americans are once again hitting the road , heading for vacation destinations , taking weekend trips to the beach or shuttling their children to and from camp .
If you drive anywhere these days — and not just in the summer — you ’ve see them , roadside memorials with crosses and flowers to honor the victim of a car accident .
And they ’re not limited to roads and highways .
On city street corners , candles , photos and stuffed animals can be found paying tribute to a victim of violence .
These homemade shrines , however , are not without controversy .
Why do people feel a need to build them ?
Are they a distraction or a warning ?
Should restrictions be placed on them ?
They Are Unconstitutional and a Hazard
Robert Tiernan is a lawyer in Colorado .
Nine years ago , he represented a person accused of illegally removing a roadside memorial .
His client was acquitted .
There are three reasons why privately placed roadside memorials should not be allowed .
First , they constitute the taking of public property for private purposes .
Second , they invariably include Christian crosses and other religious symbols .
This violates the constitutional principle of separation of church and state because public facilities are being used to promote religion .
( Photo : Kevin Moloney for the New York Times )
Third , they are a distraction and , therefore , dangerous to the motoring public .
Many of these memorials are on median strips along the highway or are just off the shoulder .
They are often elaborate and include symbols that are anchored into the ground .
If a motorist happens to lose control of his car and hits one of these displays , it could result in serious injury or death .
Furthermore , the fact that grieving family and friends frequently visit these memorials to leave flowers and to pray presents an additional danger .
In the case I handled , the memorial was in the “ V ” of an interstate off - ramp .
When mourners slowed down to pull off and visit the site , it created a serious traffic hazard .
Many states , including Colorado and Wyoming , have programs designed to commemorate victims of traffic accidents that do n’t involve religious symbols or displays that are distracting .
This is a better alternative than allowing citizens to erect their own shrines .
It ’s Futile to Ban Them
Sylvia Grider is a professor emerita of anthropology at Texas A&M University .
She has published and spoken widely on the phenomena of roadside memorials and spontaneous shrines .
The custom of placing small decorated crosses or other memorials at the side of the highway to mark fatal car accidents has spread from regions of the United States , like the Hispanic Southwest , where they are known as descansos , or resting places , throughout the country and even worldwide .
The custom of marking the place of death with a small cross was brought to Mexico and the southwestern United States by Spanish colonists in the 17th century .
Later settlers in the region expanded the custom to include leaving small crosses at the spots wherever a casket was set down on the way to the campo santo , or burial ground .
Today many people regard roadside crosses as sacred but not necessarily religious .
Those who feel the need to memorialize their loved ones near the roadways where they died will continue to do so , regardless of legislation and other attempts at control .
Folklorists recognize that these small memorials are vernacular , based in tradition and therefore generally outside of the control or jurisdiction of state or local authorities .
But unlike the state of New Mexico , which has made it a misdemeanor to remove or vandalize these homemade shrines , in other parts of the country where the custom is not deep - rooted , many people are offended by them and regard them as an unwanted intrusion into their personal space or a violation of the principle of separation of church and state .
Such controversy is frequently an innate component of the performance of traditional customs in public places .
I regard the attempts of various authorities to legislate or regulate this custom as futile and misguided because those who feel the need to memorialize their loved ones near the roadways where they died will continue to do so , regardless of legislation or other attempts at control .
In many cases , where authorities have removed roadside shrines , families and loved ones simply replace them .
Tradition is a powerful force in society .
No Easy Answers
Melissa Villanueva is the producer and director of “ Resting Places , ” a documentary about roadside memorials .
I have always been fascinated by roadside memorials and the controversy that surrounds these homemade shrines .
Indeed , it is what moved me to make the documentary , “ Resting Places , ” which is narrated by the actor Liam Neeson .
Several years into the production of this film , I have more questions than answers :
Are memorials simply an artistic expression of grief or do they cause a distraction to drivers ?
How do you find a reasonable compromise between grieving families who erect memorials and the opponents fighting to have them torn down ?
Should the government attempt to control these shrines or is this a cultural
phenomenon that can not be regulated ?
Take a look at this clip of my film , which contains interviews with the following people ( in order of appearance ) : Robert Tiernan , a lawyer ; David Nance , roadside memorial investigator and photographer ; and a mother who resurrected a memorial to her son who was killed in a car accident .
Studying the Phenomenon
Arthur Jipson is the director of the Criminal Justice Studies Program at the University of Dayton .
Roadside memorials have become a ubiquitous part of the American landscape and are being placed along roadways with increasing frequency .
In recent years , debate has arisen over the appropriateness of memorials in public space .
Some advocates , like Mothers Against Drunk Driving , contend that public displays of grief help society cope with automobile - related death and injury and remind drivers to be mindful of potentially dangerous stretches of highway .
Others , however , point to the division between public and private displays of grief and suggest that roadside memorials are unnecessary reminders of accidental death .
For critics , memorials are morbid reminders of loss rather than symbolic of the grieving process .
Those who take this position note that these markers may actually distract drivers , making roadways less safe .
States legislatures — and some municipalities — have also weighed in on this issue by passing laws to regulate the placement , size and length of time a memorial can be left .
While state legislatures have been sensitive to the needs of those people who erect these memorials , those who are opposed to them are becoming increasingly vocal in their communities .
For more than a decade , I have been conducting research on roadside memorials and public commemoration .
My own interest began from the fact that I passed many memorials along the highway as I commuted to work .
In 2000 , I launched the Roadside Memorials Project to assess family and community outcomes in the aftermath of an automobile accident , which led to the placement of roadside memorials .
To date , I have interviewed more than 300 people involved in the placement , building and maintenance of roadside memorials .
The majority of the respondents , 75 percent , have been women , and 60 percent were mothers , sisters or wives of the accident victim .
I welcome a dialogue on these public displays of grief .
A thoughtful discussion of roadside memorials may encourage all concerned to reflect on their status and connection to others within their communities .
A Variation on a Theme
Lloyd Wolf is a photographer .
For the last six years , I have been documenting homemade shrines to victims of murder and violence in and around Washington .
I am compelled by their heartfelt vibrancy , their sadness and their all - too - common presence on the city ’s streets .
To me , the shrines — cascades of plush toys , balloons , handwritten prayers and reminiscences , flowers , T - shirts , liquor bottles , photographs , candles — manifest the secret , yet highly visible , wounded heart of a community .
As a nation , we rightly mourn for those who have been killed in service to our country .
It is sad though , that we have become numb to the murders in our own communities — on the street , in front of our homes — and the thousands who suffer in the wake of each death .
We are so used to it that we rarely notice anymore .
But the shrines call to me , to us , to notice , to remember , to be aware — and hopefully , to act .
Regarding the removal of shrines , this is a complex issue .
Personally , I believe there should be a neighborhood - by - neighborhood plan , rather than an inflexible centrally mandated policy .
Unless the shrine presents a genuine traffic hazard , or a property owner has objections , I believe they should stay as long as the family feels the need to go through their grieving process .
This is largely the official and unofficial policy in our nation ’s capital .
Most people in the United States are probably more familiar with roadside memorials to traffic accident victims than with the street shrines that I ’ve been documenting .
I assume that memorials along state and federal highways are subject to a different protocol .
But as a strong free speech advocate , to me , the shrines — no matter where they are placed — are forms of creative expression and should be protected under the First Amendment .
Forest Service Extends Closure Orders and Fire Restrictions in California
VALLEJO , Calif. , September 24 , 2020 — The USDA Forest Service Pacific Southwest Region announces that current closure orders and fire prohibitions in California have been extended .
This decision will be evaluated daily , taking fire and weather conditions into account .
The fire prohibition includes building , maintaining , attending , or using a fire , campfire , or stove .
The Sequoia National Forest covers over 1.1 million acres in three counties of Southern California and offers an abundance of recreation opportunities for people to enjoy .
The Forest offers 52 developed campgrounds , hiking on more than 1,147 miles of trails including 47 miles of the PCT , over 314,448 acres of wilderness , 222 miles of Wild and Scenic Rivers , 2,617 rivers and streams , world - class whitewater rapids , 158 ponds and lakes , boating , fishing , biking , horseback riding and more .
SQF Complex
The lightning - caused Castle Fire was spotted Wednesday , August 19 , burning in the Golden Trout Wilderness in Sequoia National Forest .
For more information please contact :
Fire information : Hours of Operation : 8 a.m. - 8 p.m .
Inciweb : https://inciweb.nwcg.gov/incident/7048/
Facebook : facebook.com /SequoiaNF
Twitter : @sequoiaforest
Fire Info Line : 559-697-5148
Email : sqfcomplex2020@gmail.com
Virtual Services
Sequoia National Forest Visitor Information has moved to virtual services .
If you need immediate assistance or have questions , please email SM .
FS.SequoiaNF@usda.gov or call the Supervisor 's Office , a District Ranger Station listed below Monday - Friday from 8:00 am to 4:30 pm :
Supervisor ’s Office in Porterville ( 559 ) 920-1588
Hume Lake Ranger District in Dunlap ( 559 ) 791-5758
Western Divide District in Springville ( 559 ) 920-0460
​ Kern River Ranger District in Kernville ( 760 ) 549-9533
Tags
Popular Recreation Activities
We have lots more information about recreation opportunities across the forest !
Featured
The Sequoia National Forest has a very active Fire and Aviation division .
Find out more about Fire and Aviation Management ( FAM ) on the Sequoia .
A video podcast series on Ecological Restoration , called " Restore , " provides video podcasts highlighting successes we are making in our restoration activities .
View our RESTORE video series .
Tree mortality in California crosses all land ownerships ; government , citizens and private industry are working together to mitigate hazards and create more resilient forests .
More information is available at : www.fs.usda.gov/CATreeMortality.
Bosque Nacional Sequoia en Español Aquí !
LONDON ( Reuters ) - “ Five - dimensional ” discs with a capacity 10,000 times greater than current DVDs could be on the market within 10 years , researchers reported on Wednesday .
Customers look at DVD movies in the French FNAC department store in Nice , southeastern France , February 27 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Eric Gaillard
A team from Swinburne University of Technology in Australia said that by harnessing nanoparticles and a “ polarization ” dimension to existing technology , storage can be massively boosted without changing the size of a current disc .
The researchers , who have signed a deal with Samsung Electronics , said the technique had allowed them to store 1.6 terabytes of data on a disc with the potential to one day store up to 10 terabytes .
One terabyte would be enough to hold 300 feature length films or 250,000 songs .
“ We were able to show how nanostructured material can be incorporated onto a disc in order to increase data capacity , without increasing the physical size of the disc , ” Min Gu , who worked on the research , said in a statement .
“ These extra dimensions are the key to creating ultra - high capacity discs . ”
Discs currently have three spatial dimensions but using nanoparticles the researchers said they were able to introduce a spectral -- or color -- dimension as well as a polarization dimension .
The researchers , who published their findings in the journal Nature , created the color dimension by inserting gold nanorods -- which form so - called surface plasmons when hit by light -- onto a disc ’s surface .
Because nanoparticles react to light according to their shape , this allowed the researchers to record information in a range of different color wavelengths on the same place on the disc .
Current DVDs are recorded in a single color wavelength using a laser , the researchers said .
The researchers also created an extra dimension using polarization , a technique in which they projected light waves onto the disc , to record different layers of information at different angles .
“ The polarization can be rotated 360 degrees , ” another member of the research team James Chon , said in a statement .
“ So for example , we were able to record at zero degree polarization .
Then on top of that we were able to record another layer of information at 90 degrees polarization , without them interfering with each other . ”
Some issues , such as the speed at which the discs can be written on , need further work but the scientists said their research could have immediate applications in a range of fields .
For instance , they could help store extremely large medical files such as MRIs as well as financial , military and security areas by offering higher data densities needed for encryption , they added .
Props to the guys over at smart - machines for digging up an awesome video ( see below ) of the Toyota humanoid robot running at 7 Km / hr ( 4 mph ) , besting Asimo ’s 6 Km / hr .
Making humanoid robots that can run and walk was once a formidable challenge for robot engineers , but advances in computing now make the problem of calculating split second compensations for balance less of a headache .
Surprisingly , there still are n’t many bipedal humanoid robots that can walk , let alone run .
The Asimo robot from Honda and also the upcoming Dexter robot from Anybots are two of the more famous examples , but now Toyota has jumped into the ring in a big way .
The Toyota humanoid robot is part of a now multi-year effort by Toyota to create robots that are designed to help humans , aptly called partner robots .
The Asimo robot from Honda has been around for over a decade , so at first the humanoid robot from Toyota might not seem like much of an achievement .
Perhaps this is true … but after watching the video you will have to agree its still pretty darn cool .
Apparently the Toyota robot can only operate on conventional flat surfaces , whereas the Asimo robot is capable of walking up stairs and handling more diverse situations ( except when it falls ) .
But then again the Toyota robot can play the violin , so who is the real champ here ?
In the end , the best thing is that there are multiple big money players all jumping into the humanoid robot market , and thus the field is rapidly advancing through natural competitive pressure .
It surely wo n’t be long now before Honda or some other company bests this 7 Km / hr achievement .
And then of course if we allow the robot to have more than two feet , my money is on the big dog kicking everybody ’s butt , humanoid or human .
Surprisingly there is very little information I can find about the Toyota running robot other than the info in this post .
If anybody can dig up more videos or information please post it in the comments .
Tajvani források szerint az első projektorok már az idei év vége előtt megjelenhetnek a hordozható készülékekben , így a videolejátszást támogató készülékeken nem kell a miniatűr kijelzőre támaszkodnunk .
A DigiTimes saját forrásra hivatkozva számolt be arról , hogy a helyi Foxlink cég megkezdte a mini projektorok , más néven piko - projektorok sorozatgyártását , a terjesztésben pedig egy európai partnerük segít majd .
Értesülésük szerint olyan nagy nevek készülnek a fejlesztés alkalmazására , mint az Apple , a Samsung és a Nokia , az első ilyen megoldások pedig már az év vége előtt felbukkanhatnak majd a piacon .
Külső források egyelőre nem erősítették meg a hírt , ám nem véletlen , hogy a Foxlink céget emlegetik a fejlesztés kapcsán , hiszen az anyacég , a Foxconn , erős kapcsolatokkal rendelkezik , többek között az iPhone gyártási jogait is birtokolja , illetve egyes hírek szerint az Apple készülő hibrid megoldásának kialakításán is ők dolgoznak .
A miniatűr projektorok megjelenése mindenesetre azt eredményezné , hogy a mozgóképes felvételeket többé nem kellene a telefonok kicsinyke kijelzőjén megtekintenünk , a képi anyagot szinte bárhova kivetíthetnénk , ezzel is növelve az élmény és a kényelmet .
Arról nem szól a fáma , hogy a Foxlink pontosan mely technológiát alkalmazza a fejlesztés és a sorozatgyártás során , az viszont biztos , hogy a téma iránt számos gyártó érdeklődik , hiszen a projektorok kiemelt hangsúlyhoz jutottak a Computex kiállítás alatt .
Az indulók között találjuk a redmondi Microvision céget , amely saját megoldását már jó ideje igyekszik népszer űsíteni - ők már kell ő utánpótlással rendelkeznek a zöld lézerek terén , a Corning cég jóvoltából .
De ugyanúgy megtalálható itt a Texas Instruments DLP , a 3M LCOS , valamint a DisplayTech FLCOS technológiája is .
A mobiltelefonos szegmenshez kapcsolódó hír , hogy a Nokia jelezte , nem készülnek egy , a Google Android operációs rendszerre épülő készülékkel - ez nem is túlságosan meglepő , hiszen eddig is kitartottak a Symbian platform mellett , ezen a téren pedig a jelek szerint nem változik majd semmi .
Pop singer Marie Osmond surprised the ICRS crowd Monday with an appearance to promote a forthcoming inspirational music CD available to stores through Word Distribution .
Osmond , who gained fame with her brother Donny , currently appears with him in a musical variety show in Las Vegas .
After greeting a large crowd of retailers at the Word Distribution booth , Osmond met with key retail accounts , explaining the inspiration for the project .
Osmond said she felt " moved by the Spirit " to record the CD , getting on her knees in prayer before ultimately realizing it 's " what I needed to do . "
The disc , titled The One and Only , will include " How Great Thou Art , " a cover of MercyMe 's " I Can Only Imagine , " a couple of classical opera - style songs and original contemporary tracks .
When asked if there were any songs done in a country style , she joked , " Well , I am a little bit country , " referring to a song made popular by her and her brother .
Osmond said she was a longtime listener of Word music artists , but had previously felt that the " barrier with me as a Mormon " prevented the possibility of a recording .
She said she hoped that people would realize " it does n't matter what denomination ( you are ) , " but that she wanted to bring people to " my Lord and Savior , Jesus Christ . "
Whether Christian retailers , who are mostly evangelical in nature , will stock the CD remains to be seen .
Mickey Nuttal , owner of Sonlight Christian Books and Gifts in Grand Junction , Co. , told Christian Retailing that " if she 's a Mormon , I probably would n't stock it .
If you 're going to be a Christian store , be a Christian store . "
Lois Friesen , owner of Faith and Life Bookstore in Newton , Kan. , however , said she would judge the CD on its own merits and definitely consider it " if it 's not contradictory " to Scripture .
In a presentation during CBA 's Industry Conference in January , researcher Kelly Gallagher revealed 18 % of Catholics and 7 % of Mormons shop at Christian stores .
Word Distribution has not released an official street date for the project .
Prev
Next
CLACKAMAS --
They came by ones and twos Friday , quietly slipping into the pews at New Hope Community Church .
They smiled at the words honoring a man whose faith made him an inspiration and whose exploits in three wars made him a hero .
And when the last mournful drone of the bagpipes faded , they said goodbye to Col. Kenneth L. Reusser of Milwaukie , the most decorated U.S. Marine Corps aviator in history .
" He was the finest gentleman I 've ever met , " said Harley Wedel of Fairview , a fellow Korean War veteran .
" I 'm really going to miss him . "
Reusser flew an amazing 253 combat missions in World War II , Korea and Vietnam .
He was shot down in all three wars -- five times in all .
He earned two Navy Crosses , four Purple Hearts and two Legions of Merit among his 59 medals .
In 1945 , while based in Okinawa , he stripped down his F4U - 4 Corsair fighter and intercepted a Japanese observation plane at an altitude much higher than usual .
When his guns froze , he flew his fighter into the observation plane , hacking off its tail with his propeller .
In 1950 , while serving in the storied " Black Sheep Squadron , " he led an attack on a North Korean tank - repair facility at Inchon , then destroyed an oil tanker -- almost blowing himself out of the sky in the process .
During the Vietnam War , Reusser flew helicopters .
He was leading a Marine Air Group in a rescue mission , when his own " Huey " was shot down .
He needed skin grafts over 35 percent of his badly burned body .
Reusser was born Jan. 27 , 1920 , the son of a Cloverdale minister .
While still a teenager , he became a committed Christian , which remained a big part of his life .
Reusser lived a " Tom Sawyer -ish " existence , Wedel said , jumping off a barn roof to test a parachute , racing motorcycles to help pay for college and earning a pilot 's license before WWII broke out .
After retiring from the Marine Corps , he worked for Lockheed Aircraft and the Piasecki Helicopter Corp .
In recent years , he remained active in veterans groups .
" He had a great sense of humor , " said friend Jesse Lott of Milwaukie .
" One time , when the great Gen. Chuck Yeager was visiting , we told him about Ken 's war record .
Yeager just sniffed that he never saw any Marines in Europe .
" Well , when Ken arrived , we told him what Yeager had said , " Lott said .
" So Ken said , ' Well , if we had been there , it would n't have taken you so long to win the war . '
Even Yeager laughed . "
Reusser , who died June 20 of natural causes at 89 , is survived by his wife , Trudy ; and sons , Richard C. and Kenneth L. Jr. Interment was in Willamette National Cemetery .
Qualcosa di più concreto ( ma non ancora confermato da Microsoft ) sul rilascio di Windows 7 nella sua versione definitiva , la RTM .
Seven in versione finale potrebbe essere rilasciato il 24 luglio sui canali TechNet e MSDN .
Ripercorriamo insieme ciò che è successo dai primi di Luglio .
Inizia Luglio , inizia il putiferio .
Almeno per Windows 7 . E ' talmente tanta la tensione e la trepidazione da parte di molti utenti , relativa al rilascio in RTM del nuovissimo sistema operativo di casa Microsoft , che sul moltissimi siti web si sono susseguite un mare di news , anticipazioni e rumor .
Tutto inizia il 10 luglio scorso ; è a partire da questa data che si inizia a parlare di una presunta nuova build di Seven , la 7600.16384 .
C'è stato addirittura chi ha creato un apposito sito ( registrando un dominio ) per riportare solamente il numero di build e la scritta " Windows 7 è in RTM " .
La caccia alle novità ha fatto sì che diversi siti web hanno iniziato a riportare presunte indiscrezioni .
Molte notizie relative alla data di uscita della RTM , spesso contrastanti o diametralmente opposte tra loro .
E tutto ciò ha causato una grande confusione , false aspettative e speranze puntualmente fatte crollare da fonti che affermavano il contrario ...
Ma non solo da quelle : il 13 luglio era la data in cui Microsoft avrebbe dovuto annunciare , secondo molti , la RTM .
In realtà non c'è stato nessun annuncio ufficiale e ciò ha da un lato causato sconforto , dall ' altro si è rivelato uno stimolo a divulgare notizie più o meno false sul rilascio della versione RTM di Windows 7 .
E ' per questa serie di motivi che su InformaticaEasy non avete trovato , fino ad oggi , anticipazioni e news sulla RTM : perchè creare ulteriore confusione con notizie poco attendibili ?
Finalmente le acque si sono calmate , e nel frattempo gli ingegneri Microsoft , riuniti a tavolino , hanno continuato a discutere circa la possibile build candidata a divenire RTM finale , tra diverse build fino ad allora compilate .
Abbiamo finalmente a disposizione notizie più certe circa il rilascio di Seven .
Lo scorso sabato , infatti , il sito web russo Wzor.net ( affidabile fonte di news trapelate da Microsoft ) ha affermato che finalmente la build RTM è state decisa .
Fumata bianca , dunque ( nel gergo , è avvenuto il cosiddetto Sign - Off ) .
Un plebiscito a favore della build 7600.16385 .
No , non la build 7600.16385 trapelata su diversi circuiti torrent : quella sarebbe in realtà l'ennesimo fake ( insieme alla build 7600.16384 , diffusa illegalmente alla stessa maniera ) .
In realtà l'unica build 7600.16385 che rispecchia la RTM è quella diffusa ( sempre in maniera tutt ' altro che legale ... ) dal sito web russo precedentemente menzionato .
Si tratta dunque di una nuova build 7600.16385 che probabilmente potrebbe essere nominata proprio per distinguere la RTM vera e propria dalla build " di progetto " .
Attenzione !
Si tratta in ogni caso di pure indiscrezioni e voci di corridoio , nulla di ufficiale dunque .
Pur tuttavia questa è attualmente la notizia più condivisa dal mondo di internet , l'unica che ha trovato pareri quasi totalmente concordi .
E' inoltre possibile che la RTM venga rilasciata sui canali TechNet e MSDN a partire dal prossimo 24 luglio .
Si attende ancora un annuncio ufficiale da Redmond ; nel frattempo , ecco inome , dimensioni e chiavi pubbliche di decodifica MD5 della presunta Release To Manufacturing di Windows 7 :
Windows 7 Ultimate 32bit :
BUILD : 7600.16385.090713-1255 [ 7600.16385.090713-1255_x86fre_client_en-us_Retail_Ultimate-GRMCULFRER_EN_DVD.iso ]
DIMENSIONE : 2,501,892,096 bytes
SHA1 : 4fb88ed0e763a0cd82d388e7fdaabd10fc0846d1
MD5 : c7102805815abb3b6b4796a8cc3fb008
Windows 7 Ultimate 64bit :
BUILD : 7600.16385.090713-1255 [ 7600.16385.090713-1255_x64fre_client_en-us_Retail_Ultimate-GRMCULXFRER_EN_DVD.iso ]
DIMENSIONE : 3,223,209,984 bytes
SHA1 : 29d32ad89b7eb05033974c99f8 fc41d06f36a58c
MD5 : 4171999e05724d309a62104d83485d69
Three Felonies a Day : How the Feds Target the Innocent .
By Harvey A. Silverglate , Encounter Books , 2009 , 306 pages .
For the past seven years , I have written a number of articles about the growing power of federal prosecutors who are able to apply vague statutes to behavior that historically has not been illegal .
Along the way , I have earned a number of enemies and detractors , and even some of my friends have been incredulous , especially when I questioned the conviction of Ken Lay .
One of my mentors in this legal and political journey has been the well - known and principled attorney , Harvey A. Silverglate , one of the founders of the Foundation for Individual Rights in Education or The FIRE , and a co-author of The Shadow University .
Silverglate not only has tirelessly challenged one injustice after another , representing unpopular clients , but he also has tirelessly answered one email after another from me , as I sought legal guidance in making my own personal statements .
Finally , Harvey himself has come up with what I believe to be the authoritative book on federal criminal law , Three Felonies a Day : How the Feds Target the Innocent .
If you want to understand the federal assault on the law and upon our rights , read this book , for it will provide an education for those who believe that federal prosecutors have long been overstepping their constitutional boundaries and are railroading thousands of innocent people into prison .
Three Felonies a Day : ... Harvey A. Silverglate Best Price : $ 10.99 Buy New $ 32.95 ( as of 04:35 EST - Details )
This is more , much more , than a book full of anecdotes , although the anecdotes themselves tell a depressingly familiar story of the decline of law in the United States .
This book also lays out the chilling facts of how the federal system of what Candice E. Jackson and I have called " derivative crimes " is patterned not after anything that Americans inherited from Great Britain and its great body of common law , but from the former Soviet Union .
That is correct .
Federal criminal law closely mirrors the Soviet code and its " crimes of analogy . "
Silverglate writes that under the old Soviet law , " any citizen was in constant danger of being prosecuted for virtually any action if it could be analogized to or derived from something in the criminal code " ( emphasis his ) .
As Lavrentiy Beria , Stalin ’s head of the dreaded secret police said proudly , " Show me the man and I ’ll find you the crime . "
Most readers will stop here and wonder if Silverglate is engaging in Red - baiting or using hyperbole to make a point .
I wish that were true .
I wish that typical federal prosecutors did not have the power simply to target individuals and then look for a " crime " for which to pursue , but that is exactly what now exists within the federal criminal system .
Yet , this chilling passage taken from a 2007 article in Slate lays out the system in its full ugliness :
At the federal prosecutor ’s office in the Southern District of New York , the staff , over beer and pretzels , used to play a darkly humorous game .
Junior and senior prosecutors would sit around , and someone would name a random celebrity — say , Mother Theresa or John Lennon .
It would then be up to the junior prosecutors to figure out a plausible crime for which to indict him or her .
The crimes were not usually rape , murder , or other crimes you ’d see on Law & Order but rather the incredibly broad yet obscure crimes that populate the U.S.
Code like a kind of jurisprudential minefield : Crimes like “ false statements ” ( a felony , up to five years ) , “ obstructing the mails ” ( five years ) , or “ false pretenses on the high seas ” ( also five years ) .
The trick and the skill lay in finding the more obscure offenses that fit the character of the celebrity and carried the toughest sentences .
The result , however , was inevitable : “ prison time . ”
CONSTITUTION IN EXILE , ... Andrew P. Napolitano Best Price : $ 0.10 Buy New $ 3.93 ( as of 04:40 EST - Details )
One asks how this can be , how a Mother Teresa or anyone else who clearly lives an exemplary or at least law - abiding life can be targeted , tried and convicted as a felon .
The reason is that federal prosecutors have a stunning arsenal of weapons given to them by a Congress that no longer cares about law and courts that are all - too - happy to concentrate vast power into the hands of federal prosecutors who are busy trying to satisfy conviction and property - seizure quotas .
The key to understanding prosecutorial weapons is to understand how the various fraud and conspiracy statutes are applied .
Prosecutors are able to take even legal acts and hammer them into " fraud , conspiracy , and money laundering , " each of which carry severe penalties and make it nearly impossible for someone who is targeted to escape .
An extreme example is the prosecution of the late Ken Lay , who was the CEO of Enron , which failed spectacularly in 2001 .
As Silverglate points out , federal authorities were able first to move " up the ladder " by going after lower - level executives and employees and threatening to charge them with crimes unless they agreed to testify against higher - ups .
The testimony that the government instructed these people to give , as Silverglate points out , often was not true , but it was useful to prosecutors , who were seeking indictments and convictions against people who had become unpopular .
To understand the case against Enron and other corporations in which executives went to prison , first one must understand that the nebulous " fraud " statutes under which they were convicted can be enacted even if the executives did not break a single law .
For example , the infamous off - loading of Enron ’s non-earning assets into " special purpose entities " resulted in " securities fraud " convictions , yet the presence of the SPEs was not hidden , but rather was included in Enron ’s financial statements at the instructions of the auditor .
Silverglate asks : " Is it fraud when questionable accounting practices , approved by an auditor , are hidden in full view ? "
When Lay was convicted of " securities fraud " for selling Enron stock ( while also buying shares of the same ) , the media portrayed it as a case of the CEO " quietly dumping his stock " while urging others to buy it .
However , when Lay sold that stock , he did so to raise cash to cover margin calls for other investments , and before he sold anything , he sought the advice of an attorney in order to determine how he legally could do so .
Yet , prosecutors were able to lump these actions — all legal by themselves — into " securities fraud " and have a judge and jury , not to mention the general public and the supposed " watchdog " press , buy into it .
Like the hapless Soviet citizen who averaged committing three felonies daily , even when Enron executives were trying to obey the law , they still were " breaking " it .
This is not a defense of Enron itself or the complex mathematical models that the company used to wow the investors of Wall Street .
Nonetheless , the Enron prosecutions came about because the company failed , not because of any real criminality .
For that matter , if Ken Lay and Jeffrey Skilling were convicted of " fraud " because of SPEs , then why are members of Congress and the administration not prosecuted for putting huge unfunded liabilities carried by taxpayers " off - budget " ?
Both Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac were engaged in actions that dwarfed any alleged wrongdoing at Enron , yet even though the financial damage caused by these mortgage giants was far greater than anything that came from Enron ’s fall , nonetheless Fannie Mae executives like Jamie Gorelick and Franklin Raines were able to walk away from Fannie with millions of dollars in their pockets and have no worries at all about being hauled into criminal court .
They had political connections — the right kind of connections — and that was all that was needed .
Thus , we see prosecutions that not only are selective — channeling Beria — but federal law itself also permits prosecutors to fashion acts that are legal into crimes that carry serious time .
Furthermore , prosecutors can take one action and then pile multiple acts upon it .
For example , when jurors declared Lay guilty of " fraud , " they also convicted him of " money laundering , " wire fraud , " and other such acts that by themselves carry draconian prison penalties .
What makes these other " crimes " so insidious is that they cannot be instituted without an underlying act , which means they cannot stand alone .
If I mail a letter with a fraudulent tax return , then not only am I guilty of " tax evasion , " but I also can be charged with " mail fraud " for the simple act of mailing a letter .
If I put some of my alleged ill - gotten gains in a bank , or purchase any goods with that money , I have committed " money laundering , " for which the penalty is a maximum of 20 years in prison .
The combination of these " crimes " gives prosecutors enormous leverage against defendants , for if they choose to go to trial and falter on just one criminal count , they are sent to prison for many years .
Thus , many people — even people who maintain their innocence — will plead to something because the alternative is much worse .
As Silverglate says , that is not justice ; it is tyranny .
He writes :
If I am right , we must foster the realization that the Justice Department ’s tactics too often are employed not to protect , but to attack law - abiding society ( emphasis mine ) .
While it is true … that sometimes creative criminal " miscreats " cleverly get around the letter of the law ( especially laws that have become obsolete ) and therefore tempt equally creative prosecutors to stretch the law , it is also true that too many ordinary , well - meaning , and innocent people get caught in the maw of the Department of Justice ’s prosecutorial machinery .
For them , life becomes nightmarish , like an episode in a Franz Kafka novel .
I realize this book will not convince everyone of the peril we face at the hands of rapacious federal prosecutors .
Federal jurors , like nearly everyone else , seem to defer to the very worst prosecutors as though they were giving an Edict from the Gods .
The press is of no help , as reporters seem to enjoy the " perp walks " and every other trapping that comes from covering federal criminal cases .
Three Felonies a Day : ... Harvey A. Silverglate Best Price : $ 10.99 Buy New $ 32.95 ( as of 04:35 EST - Details )
In the Martha Stewart case , the press was much more interested in what Stewart wore to her trial than to the nature of the charges against her .
It mattered not a whit to the press that federal prosecutors had illegally leaked grand jury information in order to trick Stewart into meeting with them so they could charge her with lying .
Certainly , no one in the numerous U.S. law schools is trying to deal with this problem , and forget Congress .
To put it another way , when the U.S. Government embraces the law of the Soviet Union , then the law is lost .
Federal criminal law cannot be salvaged or rewritten to restore even a modicum of the " rule of law . "
Yet , unless that is what is done , federal prosecutors will continue to wrongfully charge and prosecute individuals who are innocent , juries will convict them , judges will send them to prison , and the New York Times will continue to tell us how lucky we are that federal prosecutors are on the job .
The Best of William L. Anderson
Yoga instructor Bette Calman may be 83 , but she 's still bending over backwards to spread the benefits of the ancient Indian discipline .
The nimble grandmother can really pull some shapes and with her set hair and pearl earrings she looks as glamorous as Greta Garbo in a pink jumpsuit .
With 40 years of teaching under her belt , the Australian wonder is living proof that a lifetime 's dedication to yoga will keep you flexible as a rubber band .
NOTE : According to our reader , Rishi , the oldest yoga instructor is actually B.K.S Iyengar from India .
He is 91 years old .
This makes Better the oldest female yoga instructor .
Days ago , a warning shot from 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue landed with a thud on Capitol Hill , near some recent arrivals in the House .
The political salvo was carefully aimed and expertly fired .
But in the long run it could boomerang .
As a close vote neared on a supplemental funding bill for more war in Iraq and Afghanistan , the San Francisco Chronicle reported that " the White House has threatened to pull support from Democratic freshmen who vote no . "
In effect , it was so important to President Obama to get the war funds that he was willing to paint a political target on the backs of some of the gutsiest new progressives in Congress .
But why would a president choose to single out fellow Democrats in their first congressional term ?
Because , according to conventional wisdom , they ’re the most politically vulnerable and the easiest to intimidate .
Well , a number of House Democrats in their first full terms were not intimidated .
Despite the presidential threat , they stuck to principle .
Donna Edwards of Maryland voted no on the war funding when it really counted .
So did Alan Grayson of Florida , Eric Massa of New York , Chellie Pingree of Maine , Jared Polis of Colorado and Jackie Speier of California .
Now what ?
Well , for one thing , progressives across the country should plan on giving special support to Edwards , Grayson , Massa , Pingree , Polis and Speier in 2010 .
If we take the White House at its word , they may find themselves running for re-election while President Obama withholds his support — in retaliation for their anti-war votes .
But it ’s not enough to just play defense .
We also need to be supporting — or initiating — grassroots campaigns to unseat pro-war members of Congress .
In the Los Angeles area , the military - crazed and ultra-corporate Congresswoman Jane Harman will face the progressive dynamo Marcy Winograd in the Democratic primary next year .
Harman ’s vote for the latest war funding was predictable .
But dozens of Democrats with longtime anti-war reputations also voted yes .
Among the most notable examples are Oregon ’s Peter DeFazio and Washington ’s Jim McDermott , who apparently found their antiwar constituencies in Eugene and Seattle to be less persuasive than the White House chief of staff .
" White House aides worked the halls during the hours before the vote , and chief of staff Rahm Emanuel called some lawmakers personally , " McClatchy news service reports .
" DeFazio , who was undecided and wound up voting yes , said he talked to Emanuel by phone for about five minutes as Obama ’s top aide explained the administration ’s strategy in the war on terror . "
This is a crucial time for anti-war activists and other progressive advocates to get more serious about congressional politics .
It ’s not enough to lobby for or against specific bills — and it ’s not enough to just get involved at election time .
Officeholders must learn that there will be campaign consequences .
When progressives challenge a Democratic incumbent in a primary race , some party loyalists claim that such an intra-party contest is too divisive .
But desperately needed change wo n’t come to this country until a lot of progressive candidates replace mainline Democrats in office .
On behalf of his war agenda , the president has signaled that he ’s willing to undermine the political futures of some anti-war Democrats in Congress .
We should do all we can to support those Democrats — and defeat pro-war incumbents on behalf of an anti-war agenda .
If , as the leader of the Family has noted , power is reliant upon invisibility , the conservative Christian organization may have just been dealt a damaging blow .
The secretive movement ( known also as the Fellowship ) hit the big time last week , having been dragged into the spotlight by a pair of extramarital affairs , and allegations of a hush money payment in the upper echelons of government .
For a primer on the Family and the scandals involving Sens.
Tom Coburn ( R - OK ) and John Ensign ( R- NV ) , and Gov. Mark Sanford ( R- SC ) — all of whom are connected by the Fellowship — watch the following clip from The Rachel Maddow Show .
The story gained a new dimension after Maddow reported the story , when another Fellowship member , Zach Wamp ( R - TN ) attempted to refute Maddow ’s facts , despite their having already appeared in Wamp ’s local paper .
Below the clip is Religion Dispatches ’ exclusive roundtable on The Family : The Secret Fundamentalism at the Heart of American Power , featuring three religion scholars and the author , Jeff Sharlet , discussing the history , theology , secrecy and future of the oldest Christian conservative organization in Washington DC .
Has a secretive , informal network of fundamentalist Christians had undue influence over American policy ?
Over the summer vacation , Religion Dispatches convened its first roundtable , resulting in a lively discussion of Jeff Sharlet ’s new book , The Family : The Secret Fundamentalism at the Heart of American Power ( Harper , 2008 ) .
The seed of the book was planted a few years back when , after accepting an invitation to live among a group of The Family ’s “ brothers , ” Jeff penned an article for Harper ’s magazine entitled “ Jesus Plus Nothing . ”
That experience and the article it inspired form the basis of the book , a detailed and carefully researched exploration of an informal network of powerful Christians known as “ The Family , ” or “ The Fellowship . ”
In Sharlet ’s words , it ’s “ a story of two great spheres of belief , religion and politics , and the ways in which they are bound together by the mythologies of America . ”
Joining us , along with Jeff ( a contributing editor for Harper ’s , contributing writer for Rolling Stone , and columnist for RD ) were : Randall Balmer , author , Episcopal priest , and professor of American religious history at Barnard College ; Anthea Butler , assistant professor of religion at the University of Rochester ; and Diane Winston , the Knight Chair in Media and Religion at USC , who has worked as a reporter for several of the nation ’s leading newspapers .
Jeff ’s book fills a significant gap in both scholarship and media .
When it comes to the connection between politics and religion in this country , a most talked - about topic as we head into the final weeks of the election , plenty of studies have been conducted — and stories written — on everything from para - church organizations to educational institutions , but very little work has been done on elite manifestations of religion - related power .
One of the first questions a book like The Family raises is how much influence an elite cadre , such as that described in the book , can actually have on the direction of the nation .
The answer to this question , it turns out , depends on the way we understand power in a liberal society , how we conceive of the role of religion in that society , and on our reading of history .
Our discussion ranged over these issues and was punctuated , unexpectedly , by a parenthetical gesture from one of our panelists .
During the course of the roundtable , a critical review of the book appeared in the Washington Post by Randall Balmer .
In his closing comments , Sharlet responds to Balmer ’s offstage remarks :
Ah , sour grapes !
Yes , I got ’em .
Not so much because Randy radically misrepresented my arguments in the Post , where I can’t respond , while offering far more nuanced arguments of his own only in this smaller and more scholarly roundtable , but because such a dichotomy represents exactly the scholarly / popular divide that allows The Family to slip between the cracks .
Amongst scholars , he makes arguments that invite engagement .
In the public square , he issues proclamations that do no more than police the borders of respectable knowledge , aka “ conventional wisdom . ”
Balmer had saved some of his most critical points for the readers of the Post , thus our discussion had a ‘ sidebar ’ of sorts and RD was graced with an exciting and surprise ending .
Enjoy the discussion and by all means join in .
***
Religion Dispatches :
Thanks so much to all of you for joining us in a roundtable discussion of Jeff Sharlet ’s new book The Family : The Secret Fundamentalism at the Heart of American Power .
The editors have just returned from a screening of James Carroll ’s film , Constantine ’s Sword , which does a frighteningly good job of tracing the dangers of the marriage of the Catholic church and the state .
So we ’re in a fairly grim mood as we begin this discussion of your book , which echoes so many of history ’s most catastrophic church / state unions …
But here we go :
The predominant perspective , among liberals in general , along with the media , scholars , and other intellectuals , is that through open dialogue , the airing of opposing views , and the difficult work of listening to the “ other , ” we will approach an increasingly just , balanced , and free society ( “ the noise of democracy , ” as James Buchanan put it ) .
That is to say , left and right , religious and secular ( in the widely understood definition of the term ) , bring us to some moderate , pluralist center in which we can all live .
The Family however , describes an increasingly powerful undercurrent in the United States , which you describe as “ aggressively anti-democratic , ” which thrives on secrecy , reveres authoritarianism , and consists of an elite , loosely - gathered group of men steering America toward becoming a “ Christian civilization ” for which “ theocracy ” is too mild a word ( Chuck Colson prefers “ theocentrism ” ) .
On page 276 you write :
The Family wants to “ transcend ” left and right with a faith that consumes politics , replacing fundamental differences with the unity to be found in submission to religious authority .
Conservatives sit pretty in prayer and wait for liberals looking for “ common ground ” to come to them in search of compromise .
Does the prevailing liberal intellectual view of compromise “ get it ” or are we missing the boat ?
Jeff Sharlet : Our first ( possibly ) gay president ’s appreciation for the “ noise of democracy ” has a negative echo in the thought of Family founder Abraham Vereide , who believed that religion and politics mixed best behind closed doors , away from the prying eyes of the press and “ the din of the vox populi ” — a pretentious little Latin phrase for the voice of the people .
As Senator Sam Brownback ( a man who first discovered the political advantages of The Family ’s behind - the - scenes religion decades ago as an intern for Bob Dole ) explains , a “ God- led ” politician is ultimately accountable not to the electorate , but to “ one constituent . ”
Guess who ?
Brownback and his brothers in The Family more or less abide by the rules of American democracy , and some even believe they are defenders of its virtues .
At the same time , they ’re committed to a political theology that views democracy as a form of secular humanism , to which they ’re deeply opposed .
The kingdom of God that ’s to be built here on earth , Family organizers are fond of saying , is not a democracy .
That ’s what too many liberals do n’t get : democracy and its corollary , pluralism , simply are n’t top concerns for many Christian conservatives — especially the elites of The Family , those whom I refer to as an avant - garde of American fundamentalism .
( I view “ American fundamentalism ” as merging the biblical literalism and fetishism of traditional Christian fundamentalism , the belief that the “ invisible hand ” of unregulated markets belongs to God , and a vision of American empire . )
Too many liberals put their faith in a mythical center , a set of values shared by all .
Their commitment to this center is so great , in fact , that they ’re willing to travel any distance to get there .
That ’s what Christian Right leader Chuck Colson understood when he wrote that he loved “ dialogue ” with liberals because he simply had to hold his ground and wait for them to come to him .
Consider , for example , some of the achievements of our last “ liberal ” administration : a “ free trade ” pact deeply opposed by working people ; the partial privatization of welfare ; and the passage of a “ religious freedom ” act that allows conservative evangelicals to influence foreign policy according to their analysis of other faiths ’ religious customs .
Each of these projects had been long dreamed of by the avant - garde of American fundamentalism .
That ’s not to say that The Family are puppetmasters , pulling invisible strings ; rather , The Family is first and foremost an ideological project bent on setting the very terms with which we consider “ democracy , ” social justice , and freedom .
And in that regard , they ’ve been tremendously successful .
The center slouches rightward , and nobody remembers that it was ever otherwise .
That ’s why I think history is one of the most important weapons progressives can use to fight the slow but steady accretion of imperial customs .
Compromise is a forward - looking endeavor .
But you ca n’t honestly compromise if you do n’t know what you ’re giving up .
Liberals wo n’t “ get it ” — the “ it ” being the influence of American fundamentalism — until they remember what they ’ve already given up : organized labor as a pillar of democracy rather than an increasingly irrelevant special interest ; the social gospel of social justice as a main strand — maybe the main strand — of American protestantism ; a vigorous , often militant activist rank - and - file with deep roots in black churches , the left flank of the Catholic church , and the “ peace churches ” ; and , maybe most importantly , a prophetic voice , a voice that speaks truth to power , against power , rather than seeking power .
How do liberals , leftists , and other progressives reclaim those foundations , that prophetic voice ?
The first step , I think , is a long , hard look at how they were lost .
That means looking backwards before we can look forwards .
It means facing the painful truth that what many of us considered a “ moderate , pluralist center , ” was , in fact , a political establishment — that Camelot was a layover on the way to Vietnam .
And , that the great thing about democracy is n’t moderation or anything so milquetoast as a “ center ” but rather its “ noise , ” as Buchanan put it , “ the din of the vox populi , ” pooh - poohed by The Family .
I love that din , a ruckus of sharp words , sharp elbows and strong ideas .
American fundamentalism preaches harmony and unity , not just one God but one ideology , and , ultimately , one ruling class .
American democracy , I argue , should be a cacophony .
The irony is that fundamentalist intellectuals came to a deeper understanding of that noise during their long years in the cold .
Populist fundamentalists recognized that the ostensibly moderate center excluded them , even suppressed their views , that the public square was n’t so public after all ; elitist fundamentalists saw that establishment liberalism was n’t so liberal after all , either , and that at least two - thirds of their vision — free market fundamentalism and American imperialism — could be realized whether the party in power was Democratic or Republican .
So let ’s forget about “ theocracy ” and “ theocentrism ” ; let ’s concern ourselves not with what fundamentalist ideologues say they want , but with what American fundamentalism has already achieved .
Only when we understand that , I think , can we seriously consider “ compromise ” and the construction of the kind of public square dreamed of by liberalism .
Randall Balmer : I ’m perfectly willing to grant that the aversion to organized labor that marked The Family ’s origins , the weakness for dictators and the “ baptism ” of free - market capitalism make for a less - than - attractive picture , but I worry that Jeff has painted this movement with far too broad a brush .
Let ’s remember that such distinguished liberals as Mark O. Hatfield and Harold E. Hughes were closely associated with The Family ; they hardly fit this profile .
I have no brief whatsoever for the politics of Brownback or Inhofe or Colson .
Although it ’s certainly fair to assert , as a generalization , that The Family ’s politics tilt toward the right , there are important exceptions — Tony Hall also comes to mind — to this generalization .
All of this leads to an important consideration .
The author parses this group as a political movement , but that scheme ( as I suggest above ) does n’t hold .
What if he looked at The Family as a religious movement instead , as I think it is ?
Seeing it as a movement of religiously conservative individuals , rather than defined by its political conservativism , allows us to account for people like Hall and Hatfield and Hughes .
I ’m also uncomfortable with the blithe conflation of evangelicalism with fundamentalism .
These two movements , although related , are , in many important ways , distinctly different ( as Jeff knows ) .
Mark Hatfield , for example , is no fundamentalist , and there are few more articulate defenders of the First Amendment and the separation of church and state .
In the interest of full disclosure , I should mention that during the summer of 1975 , when I was an intern for the House Republican Conference ( I was then , as I am today , a Democrat ) , I lodged in a sorority house that The Family had rented on the campus of the University of Maryland .
The residents there , as Jeff suggests in the book , spoke the name “ Doug Coe ” in hushed , reverent tones , but I do n’t recall that he ever visited that outpost of his empire .
Diane Winston : Immersed this summer in reading about the 1970s , I take your point , Jeff :
We need to know our history .
How , when and why did we lose the culture war ?
… which , as you correctly note , was less about sex and family than politics , economics and theology .
I could argue that the turning point was Vietnam , the 1968 election , Watergate , the Arab oil embargo or Roe v. Wade .
I could even blame it on Jimmy Carter and the killer rabbit .
But for our purposes , here and now , I want to start with the demise of the protestant mainline denominations .
When did we stop looking and listening to mainline leaders ?
For the first half of the twentieth century , many of these men and women — often in concert with , supporting and supported by progressive Catholics , Jews and progressive church leaders — spoke truth to power .
Their priorities differed as much as their theologies .
But Dorothy Day , Reinhold Niebuhr , Mary McLeod Bethune , Abraham Joshua Heschel and their ilk all acted on the belief that doing God ’s work began by serving justice .
This vision had already gone awry when Martin Marty , writing in The Christian Century in 1973 , sought a new role for the church in a “ suddenly different world . ”
Marty diagnosed the problems that faced the church at a time of social dislocation and called for a mix of humanism and prophecy — witness for God and responsibility to creation — as a way forward .
Noting the trends toward personal experiential faith in religion and “ security - seeking ” in society he surely understood he was bucking the times .
Yet even he could not ( fore ) see the rise of the type of fundamentalism that you describe in The Family .
Emanations from that fundamentalism helped to delegitimate the mainline although some of the problems were self - inflicted .
The tendencies that Marty enumerated were inadequately addressed , and the gap between leaders and followers grew wider .
People in the pews wanted a faith they could feel while denominational leaders seemed preoccupied with overseas struggles for liberation .
What , then , was cause and what was effect when the conservatives charged mainline leaders of arming Marxist guerrillas , a story that the mainstream media repeated and repeated and repeated ?
Was the mainline sidelined by its own ineptitude , by a right - wing conspiracy , by an echoing press or all the above ?
Even so , why has no one been able to offer an alternative ?
Do ineptitude , misinformation and narrative constructs still keep us divided ?
( After in - depth readings of the The Christian Century , I know I owe old white guys a big apology .
I now need to reconsider what I think I know about organized labor , feminists , peace churches , etc. )
You say Camelot was a “ layover on the way to Vietnam . ”
Maybe so , maybe not .
On June 10 , 1963 , President Kennedy delivered the commencement speech at American University .
In the middle of the Cold War , he laid out his vision for a world at peace and how we might get there :
“ Some say it is useless to speak of peace or world disarmament , and that it will be useless until the leaders of the Soviet Union adopt a more enlightened attitude .
I hope they do .
I believe we can help them do it .
But I also believe that we must re-examine our own attitudes , as individuals and as a Nation , for our attitude is as essential as theirs …
First examine our attitude toward peace itself .
Too many of us think it is impossible .
Too many of us think it is unreal .
But that is a dangerous , defeatist belief .
It leads to the conclusion that war in inevitable , that mankind is doomed , that we are gripped by forces that we cannot control .
We need not accept that view .
Our problems are man-made ; therefore , they can be solved by man . ”
It ’s instructive to read that speech with the knowledge of how subsequent presidents have spoken about our political foes and our capacity , as individuals and as a nation , to affect change .
What if we heard that speech today ?
Anthea Butler : Jeff , thinking about your closing statement that it ’s not about what fundamentalists say they want , but what they have already achieved ; that ’s precisely what this is all about .
The means of achieving it comes from a quiet , upper - class organizational structure like The Family , while everyone else is watching the sideshow of preachers and abortion protesters .
The vox populi voice of fundamentalists , whether Jerry Falwell , or John Rice , was not the kind of voice someone like [ Family founder , Abraham ] Vereide wanted .
Those voices were “ lower class , ” who could appeal to the masses .
While those voices were distracting some of the public ( and later used to effectively distract both the mainstream media and the political pundits )
The Family was able to deal across both sides of the table to any politician that came its way in order to get to their higher good of a “ kingdom , ” ruled by “ kings . ”
Their pragmatism knows no moral boundary , to be sure .
And they certainly understand history in a different way , but they understand it .
And that ’s the major issue .
Leave it to Diane , however , to bring up a killer rabbit ( lol ) .
But you know , fundamentalist Christianity has been a killer rabbit of sorts , eager to swim up to the boat ; but no one really knows if its just crazy , rabid , or looking for something to eat .
One thing that rabbit does have is some history to act upon .
It knows if it at least swims up to something , chances are there will be some type of engagement .
That rabbit knows it needed to eat , and got plenty of food with Roe v. Wade , ERA , and the sexual revolution .
The liberals ( or liberal Christians , because I ca n’t blame a garden variety liberal for not knowing these FCs [ fundamentalist Christians ] existed ) , could n’t even see the rabbit coming at them .
While off the public radar , the important work of the FCs was in structure put into place post - Scopes [ “ monkey trial ” ] , para - church organizations , Bible schools , and other religious institutions .
Their emergence onto the the public scene in the 1970s and beyond was a conflagration of culture , technology , organizational skill , and purpose ; all things which served The Family well .
In that maelstrom , what liberal could see what was to come ?
Finally , I think Harvey Cox ’s The Secular City helped , as much as all the rest of the upheavals of the 1960s , religious studies folks and others forget that religion , especially fundamentalist Christianity , existed .
By buying into the secularization thesis , the prophetic voice was lost .
Who needs a prophet when there are no souls to save , or no apocalypse to come ?
JS : I think we can all agree that it ’s long past time to put the secularization thesis to bed .
Anthea has identified a promising alternative : the “ killer rabbit thesis . ”
This bunny — a fundamentalist tradition that evolves , as it were ; one that does n’t “ come out ” of the world , as early fundamentalists once spoke of doing , but rather paddles around , seeking engagement — this bunny is , indeed , a dangerous character .
Why ?
Because fundamentalism recognizes the parameters of democracy , and , for the most part , operates within them — but in pursuit of anti-democratic ends .
This is one of the problems of democracy that mainstream liberals have proven incapable of addressing .
I call it the Algeria Problem .
I happened to be in Algeria in 1992 , the day the Algerian military rolled out its tanks to roll back the electoral victories of a party called the Islamic Salvation Front .
On the one hand , I was glad for those tanks ; it was the big gun positioned outside of my hotel that kept a rabble - rouser who was preaching against Americans — against me — on the other side of the street .
The Islamists had popular support ; the military had guns — and the tacit support of Western democracies .
When I returned home to the US , I was stunned to learn that inasmuch as Americans had heard of what was going on in Algeria , they heartily endorsed the military coup that prevented the Islamists from coming to power .
It was n’t that their commitment to democracy was shallow , but rather that they could n’t even imagine radical Islamists — “ fundamentalists ” — winning fairly in the democratic arena .
Algeria , 1992 is one of those stories for which the old labor standard , “ Which Side Are You On ? , ” really does n’t apply .
Having witnessed firsthand the pro-secularism military ’s tank tactics , I could n’t for a moment believe they were genuine defenders of democracy .
The Islamists were entitled to their electoral victory .
But that did n’t mean one had to like it — it was true that they intended to do away with many basic civil liberties .
This leads us to the Algeria Problem : liberals who enjoy the benefits of establishment power do n’t recognize as democratic the challenges to their authority that emerge from populist fundamentalist movements .
Consequently , they do n’t develop a real democratic response .
They dismiss fundamentalism ’s challenge as “ fringe , ” until one day they wake up to discover it at the center of things , and they discover that they have no honest grounds with which to oppose it — so they fall back on establishment power and tradition .
In the worse case scenario — Algeria , Turkey , even , to some degree , France — that leaves all the political energy in either the hands of anti-democratic fundamentalists who use the levers of democracy to pursue power , or an anti-democratic establishment using the rhetoric of democracy to hold onto power .
Let ’s talk about the former first , the anti-democratic fundamentalists who use democratic methods —
Anthea ’s killer rabbit , the strangely swimming bunny that almost bit Jimmy Carter in the middle of a lake .
Looks like a bunny , swims like a —hey , wait a minute !
Rabbits ca n’t swim !
That ’s our clue that this killer rabbit is a hybrid , part bunny , part shark .
Which is to say , sort of like the fundamentalism that sought power post - Scopes trial by building up a social movement of para - church organizations , educational institutions , and , most understudied by academic scholars — an elite cadre , best exemplified by The Family .
This American fundamentalism looked like a democratic bunny — they built schools , they organized , they elected their champions to office — but it swims like a shark , seeking anti-democratic ends : restricting the free exercise clause of the First Amendment , ignoring the establishment clause altogether , and supporting an imperial vision of American power that imposes its hybrid-version of American democracy / American gods around the world through support of dictators considered “ men of God ” ( Haiti ’s Papa Doc Duvalier , for whom Family members arranged congressional support , Efrain Rios Montt , the Guatemalan killer championed by Pat Robertson , etc. ) .
That , sadly , is the link between the killer bunny and its ostensible victim , fundamentalism and the establishment .
What we learn through The Family is that when it comes to the question of American democracy vs. American empire , fundamentalism and the establishment , even the liberal establishment , are on the same side .
Which side are you on , indeed — are you a fundamentalist , or a liberal ?
And what difference did it make to Vietnam in , say , 1965 ?
Or Somalia , in 1984 , when fundamentalists , Republicans , and Democrats teamed up to arm one of the 20th century ’s most bizarre killers , Siad Barre ?
Or Somalia , right now , as American bombs fall on the remnants of a popularly - supported Islamist movement that nearly brought stability to the nation for the first time since Barre reduced it to rubble with American bombs ?
I can imagine Randall ’s response :
This is politics , not religion .
Or maybe the other way around .
But the three men he cites as “ good ” members of The Family — Senators Mark Hatfield and the late Harold Hughes , and Representative Tony Hall — are perfect examples of how religion and politics , and , in this case , fundamentalism and liberalism overlap .
( A quick word on “ fundamentalism ” vs. “ evangelicalism ” : in the introduction to the book I explain my usage of fundamentalism , qualified by “ American , ” as more accurately descriptive of a religious movement that includes some but not all evangelicals , a few but not many mainline Protestants , and even some Catholics , such as Senator Brownback — all bound by a commitment to the idea that they can have Christ without religion , faith without history , and power without blood . )
Senator Hatfield , a Republican from Oregon , opposed the Vietnam War ; good on him .
At the same time , he provided Nixon with memos listing Family assets around the world , “ key men ” who could be used for back - channel politics .
One such was the prayer group of Indonesian parliamentarians
The Family organized around the oil - rich , anti-communist Indonesian dictator Suharto , who they predictably declared a “ man of God . ” Suharto , a Muslim who prayed to the American Jesus when Family politicians and oil execs came around , then killed half a million of his own citizens .
So what is The Family ’s response — at least he prays .
One Family organizer who prayed often with Suharto reported back to congressional members of The Family that the dictator had exclaimed of The Family ’s soft - sell American fundamentalism , “ In this way we are converted , we convert ourselves — No one converts us ! ” A Family associate , trying to defend The Family ’s long support for and aid to Suharto , asked me whether the killing took place before or after Suharto formed his alliance with The Family ; the answer , sadly , was before , during , and after .
Suharto never stopped killing .
But Mark Hatfield , that distinguished liberal , saw Suharto as an opportunity .
One might say I ’m being naive , that American power must make deals with the devil .
I ’ll grant that ; but which devil ?
And on what terms ?
The elite fundamentalism exemplified by The Family has blinded even the best - intentioned among us to those questions .
One such example is former Representative Tony Hall , a Democrat from Ohio who through his involvement with The Family became anti-abortion and anti-queer , a friend and legislative supporter of the Dobsons , and one of Bush ’s only new Democratic appointees during his first term .
Bush made Hall , who genuinely cares about world hunger , ambassador to the UN for food issues , a subtly powerful position which he used to become an aggressive champion of biotech giant Monsanto , urging the overthrow of democratically - constructed barriers to GM food in poor nations .
Food First , an NGO dedicated to the idea that democracy and food go well together , calls Hall ’s work “ ’ poor washing ’— an attempt to confer legitimacy and prevent debate over a policy by making the spurious claim that the poor will benefit from it . ”
Last , and sadly , least , Randall ’s other “ distinguished liberal , ” the late Senator Harold Hughes , a Democrat from Iowa .
“ Distinguished ” might be a stretch — Hughes ’ unedited memoir , available in The Family ’s archive — reveals that he arrived at the conservative Christianity of The Family only after ESP and alien encounters had failed him .
But “ liberal , ” for the most part , yes —
Hughes was a far more ardent foe of the Vietnam War and a champion of various Great Society programs even as they eroded in the ’70s .
But , through The Family , he also became a champion of Ferdinand Marcos , the Filipino dictator for whom he helped organize a National Prayer Breakfast , and Chuck Colson , the Watergate felon who , with Hughes ’ help , built a massive Christian Right organization and became American fundamentalism ’s “ house intellectual , ” in the words of his admirers .
Colson , remember , was the man who wrote that he merely needed to hold his ground and wait for liberals to come to him .
In his bestselling memoir , Born Again , he writes that within days of his first prayers with Hughes and The Family he discovered a “ veritable underground of Christ ’s men all through government ” ; former enemies such as Hughes who now pledged their friendship and support .
In a June 11 , 1974 letter to his parole board — asking for early release to work with Hughes and The Family , under their supervision ( which was granted ) — Colson wrote : “ That which I found I could not change or affect in a political or managerial way , I found could be changed by the force of a personal relationship that men develop in a common bond to Christ . ”
That which he could not achieve through politics , he could achieve through the spirituality of The Family .
Colson , like Abraham Vereide and Doug Coe , Vereide ’s successor as leader of The Family , became an admirer of Hitler .
Wait — not of Hitler ’s ends , but of his means .
And what does that mean ?
Genocide ?
Purges ?
Kristallnacht ?
Of course not .
The “ Better Way , ” as Vereide described the lesson of Hitler in a pamphlet distributed to his congressional disciples in 1948 , was the unity and harmony of Hitler Youth , in which Hitler ’s followers learned to work together in total agreement .
Coe makes the same point , arguing that among the leaders of the 20th century who best understood what he views as the New Testament ’s primary message of unity were Hitler , Stalin , and Mao .
Evil men , he ’ll add when pressed , but effective !
In a clip from a sermon to evangelical leaders you can see online via NBC News , Coe offers , as an example of a friendship to be emulated , that of Hitler , Goebbels , and Himmler .
“ Just a metaphor , ” says Family defender David Kuo , a former special assistant to President Bush , widely respected by liberals for his later turn against the president .
Some metaphor .
But remember , it ’s the methods , not the ends , to be copied .
Here ’s how Colson once put it in a letter to Coe , upon meeting a group of West German Family politicians , some of whom were likely involved in the joint American - West German effort to arm up the Somali dictator Siad Barre , a self - described “ Koranic Marxist ” who agreed to pray to the American Jesus in return for weapons with which he promised to fight communism ( is this a matter of ends , or means ? ) :
“ It is a fabulous group of men , ” wrote Colson .
“ In fact , I ’ve never met any group quite like it .
I think we should arrange to use them as a model for leadership groups around the world .
We ’d better do it in a hurry , however , before they lead the next Nazi takeover out of Germany . ”
What do we call that ?
Religion , or politics ?
Ends , or means ?
A metaphor for friendship , or a theology of power ?
Was the Colson / Hughes alliance — which resulted in the blueprint for faith - based initiatives and the partial privatization of welfare — an example of fundamentalism or of liberalism ?
Hughes , who retired from the Senate to work full time for The Family , is long gone .
Colson , part bunny , part shark , the quintessential killer rabbit , remains at the heart of power decades after serving prison time for his attempts to undermine democracy .
Let me attempt to restate the Algeria Problem : Liberals see the ends of fundamentalism as anti-democratic , and so assume that fundamentalism ’s means are also anti-democratic .
But liberals see the ends of the establishment as , basically , democratic , that “ moderate pluralist center ” with which we started this conversation , and so assume that the establishments ’ means are democratic , too .
The result ?
Fundamentalism and establishment liberalism , ostensibly opposed , lean against one another , two sides sustaining one another , forming a steeple — the temple of empire in which we sacrifice democracy , with the best of intentions all around .
Closing irony : A series of memos flew around The Family ’s leadership following the 1965 publication of Harvey Cox ’s Secular City .
Brilliant !
They declared .
An opportunity , all agreed , for the killer rabbit to get in the water and start swimming .
***
RD : I ’ve been gently told , much to my surprise I have to admit , that not everyone assumes that America is an empire as I , and others in this RT have noted without qualification .
Writers and thinkers across the political spectrum ( and for many decades now ) refer to America as an empire ( whether it ’s Georgetown scholar Charles Kupchan , warning of the inevitable fall of empires in 2002 ’s The End of the American Era , the Times ’ Michael Ignatieff on the burden of empire , or Niall Ferguson suggesting lessons from the British Empire — there are others ) some would disagree either that we are an empire , or at least that we ’re an empire in any recognizable historical sense .
So , given the fact that The Family itself seeks to cast America as an Empire of Christ , and that The Family sees America as an empire , it ’s worth asking : is America an empire ?
Why ?
And :
Is this a bad thing ?
AB : In my opinion , the only way you could classify America as an empire right now is that the nation is an empire in decline .
I personally do n’t believe America is an empire , for many reasons , but especially with a president with low approval numbers , a failing war , and a decrepit infrastructure .
Organizations like The Family and fundamentalist Christians , however , see an “ Empire of Christ ” at the core of any definition of “ empire . ”
Their earnest , methodical recasting of the narrative of American history has been envisioned through the lens of Godly founding fathers , one nation under God , and the like ( see Jeff ’s article in Harper ’s “ Through a glass , darkly , ” for a great exposition on how Christians are homeschooling their kids with this narrative ) .
No matter if the empire is in decline , the declension can always be blamed on the “ unbeliever , ” nontraditional Christian values , and the like .
What is intriguing about The Family however is that you need to have a firm understanding of empire in order to go after the “ elite leaders . ”
Leaders need to run something ( empires ) , or be able to influence those who do , in order to have value .
In that scenario , it does n’t matter if the leadership is bankrupt , as long as they pray ( e.g. our current president ) , are in charge of a country or decision making , and pledge an allegiance to Jesus .
The fall of the empire , or rise of it , can always be attributed to Jesus , and that way The Family is absolved of having to deal with the messy question of good , bad or failing empire .
It ’s all about business , 24/7 .
Perhaps the business model is the most controversial way to think about the term “ empire . ”
America as the purveyor of “ popular culture ” and capitalism puts it squarely in the empire business .
The idea is already firmly entrenched around the world .
American brands can be found everywhere , and the television shows and media are available to all .
Perhaps that ’s the real empire of America after all , a virtual lock on media and aspirations to American values , whatever those may be .
Oh , and just so you do n’t think I am insane with the business model of empire , this post on DailyKOS is exhibit A . Rather long , so if you do n’t have a lot of time , just watch the first ten minutes or so of this , and you ’ll see what I mean .
This was was scheduled to be rebroadcast on TBN over the 4th of July weekend over protests from the Military Religious Freedom Foundation .
DW : Thanks ,
Anthea , for the links .
It ’s a good story , especially in the wake of recent coverage of [ religious persecution at ] the US Naval Academy .
I was thinking about empire last night , too — but as your final comments suggest , the United States is less an empire in the classic sense than a hegemon that “ controls ” culture through media .
Even if the media is not religious per se ( Ironman as opposed to Carman ) , its values and ethos still reflect free - market capitalist Christianity .
It ’s not surprising , then , that “ radical ” Islam , an alternate religious hegemon , would push back .
( We can argue whether “ radical Islam ” is less about religion than politics after we decide about our religio- political discursive system . )
My point is that our enemies see what many of us in the knowledge industries overlook — the religious underpinning of the American brand ( to return to Anthea ’s business model ) .
This is why The Family can operate under the radar , and why Jeff ’s analysis is n’t front - page news .
The knowledge elites believe in church / state separation as a matter of faith .
But it ’s their reality and it ’s not necessarily shared by folks who listen to Carman or who idolize Doug Coe .
Until the media understands this , the threat that The Family poses wo n’t sink in .
So — how do we interrupt business - as - usual and provide an alternative to the reigning narrative ?
JS : The single most valuable point made in Empire , the paradigm - shifting argument by political theorists Michael Hardt and Antonio Negri , is that the days of what might be called hard empire — enforced occupation armies and viceroys and gunboats — have given way to a form of soft empire that “ presents itself not as a historical regime originating in conquest but rather as an order that effectively suspends history and thereby fixes the existing state of affairs for eternity . ”
We might argue with much in Hardt and Negri ’s broader diagnosis — their almost total neglect of religion , for starters — but this is a construction that could have almost come from the mouth of Abraham Vereide , founder of The Family , himself .
Vereide preached his hybrid faith of Christianity , capitalism , and Americanism as “ the universal inevitable , ” and as early as 1948 described a coming era of corporate globalization he called , with enthusiasm , “ the age of minority control . ”
Jesus — the businessman Christ of avant - garde fundamentalism , that is — would be , he believed , the only transcendent “ message ” capable of uniting the various leaders exercising minority control .
In that regard , he was wrong : finance still reigns supreme over faith .
Or maybe , as I understand Diane to be suggesting , the two — faith and finance — are more intimately linked in the eyes of those who do n’t share either with American capitalism .
“ Our enemies , ” Diane writes , “ see what many of us in the knowledge industries overlook — the religious underpinning of American hegemony . ”
The enemies of empire speak often of the crimes of the past ( sometimes , unfortunately , only to obscure their own ) .
Empire , particularly the religiously mediated media empire embraced by The Family , tends to favor the future — but only rhetorically .
The soft empire that evolved from the mean old empires of conquest promises :
The future is now .
That ’s the promise implicit in the theological globalism of The Family , an ahistorical faith that literally fixes — in the old Tammany sense — the existing state of affairs , “ for eternity . ”
Imagine eternity , though , not as an expression of time but as an entity ; a deity ; a concept of authority ; Boss Tweed with a halo and a Harvard MBA .
***
RD : Let ’s talk about the ubiquitous question debated by pundits , pollsters and journalists of whether “ the religious right is dead . ”
Or not .
I suspect that the formulation of the question is entirely wrong , but we ’ll leave it up to you all to discuss that .
More specifically , and related to The Family ; I saw FitzGerald ’s New Yorker essay on Joel Hunter and the other “ broad spectrum ” megachurch leaders as the latest in a series of liberal or secular media reading the reduction in the number of evangelicals who will pull the “ R ” lever ( and the addition of poverty , the environment and war to the greatest hits of abortion and gays ) as perhaps auguring the “ end ” of a damaging force in the American political system .
Those who favor this narrative tend to see the religious right as having been “ born ” of Roe v. Wade , feeling its adolescent oats during the Carter administration and reaching maturity with the election of Ronald Reagan .
After reading
The Family , however , with its insistence that it ’s less about “ R ” or “ D ” , liberal or conservative ; that it is , in fact , specifically not about that , I was left wondering whether this shift does in fact signal the “ end ” of something ( the religious right ) or whether this is merely a shift in the visible form of it ; of the earlier Hardt and Negri quote which , as Jeff pointed out , could just as easily have come from the mouth of Vereide : “ [ empire ] presents itself not as a historical regime originating in conquest but rather as an order that effectively suspends history and thereby fixes the existing state of affairs for eternity . ”
RB : This line of questioning does , in fact , get us into the uses — and misuses — of history ( which , I suppose , brings up Jeff ’s use of Jonathan Edwards and Charles Finney as “ fundamentalist ” precursors ) .
More to Evan ’s point , however , the widespread acceptance of the abortion myth tends , falsely , to skew the analysis of the religious right along a political axis .
If you look at the true origins of the movement , on the other hand , it becomes clear that , whatever sleight of hand was pulled off by the leaders of the religious right , the movement finds its resonance in deeply felt — if unacknowledged — sentiments .
And now that abortion has somehow insinuated itself into the “ moral ” consciousness of religious right types , it will be much more difficult to dislodge than the pundits think .
I do think that Frances FitzGerald is correct ( along with many others ) in heralding a shift in evangelical attitudes , although she misses some of the nuances .
First , it ’s not really accurate to lump Ron Sider with Tony Campolo and Jim Wallis .
Yes , he was once in that camp , but he abandoned the cause some time ago ( and long before the 2004 election ) ; his latest book , The Scandal of Evangelical Politics , is really a disappointment to those who once regarded him as a moral leader .
Second , I think the generational dynamic , though mentioned by FitzGerald , is even more significant than she acknowledges .
The younger generation of evangelicals , though they claim to be “ pro-life , ” has grown weary of what passes for the abortion debate .
Issues of sexual identity , moreover , simply do n’t compute with most of them , whereas the environment is a pressing issue , the protests of Chuck Colson , James Dobson , and Tony Perkins notwithstanding .
The temptation to understand all this through the lens of partisan politics is almost irresistible .
The Family points us beyond that ( though Jeff once in a while falls back into that trap himself , when he identifies someone as a democrat and remarks that his affiliation provides some political balance ) .
AB : Picking up on Randy ’s observation that this is a generational issue , I agree entirely .
I think for the younger generation of evangelicals ( I think this might extend even up to 50 - year - olds , but that may be stretching it a bit ) these polemical tirades about gay marriage and the like are wearing and repetitive , when more pressing issues like economic injustice , the environment , and right to life issues for everyone ( not just an embryo ) are stark .
What does irritate me , though , is the perception that evangelical means white .
There are evangelicals of color who never fit into this old , white male bastion of blustery rhetoric , and they have had to wrestle with moral issues of their respective communities in different ways than the cabal of folks residing in Colorado Springs .
That group has always been about another agenda , although they did get co-opted somewhat in 2004 election .
Is the right wing dead , however ?
Not quite .
I would make a case for Jerry Falwell and others galvanizing the rhetoric so much so that all of our mainstream media now positions themselves as a modern day Cotton Mather in the Salem witch trials , eager to harangue those who differ from the mainstream .
The position of both attack and besiege has played well for their groups ; it just could n’t last when they finally got what they wanted , a president who seemed to have a faith like their own .
I would love to get all of the “ old guard ” in a room and ask them how it feels that their most Christian president is also probably going down as the worst president ever .
That ’s a commercial for evangelicals to stay away from politics if I ever saw it .
Being pimped by Karl Rove for votes can’t make them feel too powerful right now .
Maybe the smartest thing about The Family is that they do n’t have any qualms about dealing with non-Christians to achieve the goals that they want .
It is certainly easier not to have to pay lip service to the supposed power brokers when you can get to individuals who really have power , and offer to help and pray for them and with them .
DW : Sorry to sound like a broken record , but since more Americans follow the news media than read history , I want to ask again about interventions .
The religious right is not dead as long as the legacy media keeps it alive .
The New York Times , et al. , wants it alive ; it ’s great copy .
Likewise abortion .
Even if it ’s actually a case of false consciousness , it remains real and contested — thanks to to the media and to those who care deeply .
How do you change the focus of this religio- political discourse in a way that makes sense not only to evangelicals who are truly upset about “ abortion on demand , ” but also to pro-choicers , for whom this is also a defining issue ?
And while sexuality may be a generational issue , I am less certain about abortion .
Abortion may not be the issue for 20 - and 30 - year - olds , but it ’s among a constellation of concerns .
Also , what is The Family up to next ?
And how might we use new media to challenge its next narrative ?
Is Anthea suggesting that we start guerrilla groups among Christians of color , Jews , Muslims , Buddhists , Hindus , nones , and others ?
The Internet makes alternatives possible in ways that were not available five or ten years ago .
JS : I ’ll start by taking Randy ’s bait on the uses and misuses of history because I think we can learn something about the present moment of apparent evangelical transformation by reviewing our history of revivals .
I chose to position Jonathan Edwards , chief author of the First Great Awakening , and Charles Finney , spark of the second , as precursors to fundamentalism ( not , as Randy writes , fundamentalist precursors ) because A ) the people I write about in the 20th century saw them as such ; and B ) they both undermine stereotypes of evangelicalism .
Look at Edwards : he was fascinated by almost everything , capable of grasping almost any idea he encountered ; quiet , intense , hardly a pulpit - pounder — not a man interested in pompous authority .
Imagine how today ’s media might cover him .
Stephanie Simon at the LA Times might declare him a “ New Monastic , ” at odds with the social authority of the old Christian bigs ; Frances FitzGerald would surely be impressed by the breadth of Edwards ’ intellectual interests and announce him to New Yorker readers as a “ new evangelical . ”
Lesser journalists would take note of Edwards ’ emphasis on natural science , on Newton ’s Opticks , and herald a trend in American evangelicalism as Christianity remakes itself for the bold new world of the 18th century .
And all these stories would be correct ; indeed , they are , more or less , correct when applied to American evangelicalism today .
But the press gets it wrong when it assumes that these trends spell the end of the religious right .
Rather , they mark the transformation of the religious right — its expansion , even , as the movement grows more intellectually sophisticated .
The issue preoccupying the brightest religious right intellectuals , for instance , is not abortion , it ’s male authority — a broader agenda .
Bestselling books such as Wild at Heart and Every Man ’s Battle go far beyond opposition to queer rights ; rather , they ’re assertions of a purified straight identity , a manhood purged of anything feminine .
Consider the young purity crusaders I write about in chapter 13 , “ The Romance of American Fundamentalism . ”
They ’re smart , hip , engaging kids ; they scoff at the old Christian Right war chiefs , they live in Brooklyn and worship in Manhattan , they do n’t like Bush — and they ’re dedicated to an ideology that in its emphasis on “ purity ” above all is potentially farther right than anything Bush has ever dreamed of .
It was the late Francis Schaeffer and his son , Frank , who persuaded evangelicals to make abortion a top concern .
But they never saw abortion as the endgame ; rather , they meant it as a wedge , a symbol for secularism .
Eventually , they hoped , the next generation of evangelicals would move beyond limited fights about moral matters and develop a broader critique of secularism itself .
Here we are — the Joshua Generation , as some on the right ( and , now , the Obama campaign ) call it , the total fundamentalism of The Family ’s “ Jesus plus nothing ” trickling down from the elites and the intellectuals of American fundamentalism to the masses of mainstream evangelicalism — white , black , Latino and Asian .
( The kind of racial “ reconciliation ” that seeks a unified movement particularly of black and white evangelicals is , I ’d argue , the result in part of the elite religion of The Family , which always saw racism as an annoying distraction from the larger task of spiritual purification .
Anthea notes that The Family never has qualms about dealing with non-Christians or the “ wrong ” kind of Christians ; the same might be said of their approach to race .
Doug Coe , considered a racist even by some of his friends , never had qualms about dealing with black leaders such as Papa Doc Duvalier or Siad Barre , or , for that matter , more mainstream American leaders such as Andrew Young .
He recognized their power , and was willing to deal with them as equals .
Mighty white of him . )
To Diane ’s point that the press is keeping the religious right alive : I ’d say the media is keeping it under wraps , by reporting on stylistic changes and the broadening of the religious right ’s agenda as a liberalizing force .
This is the anti-right bias conservatives complain about , and on this score , they ’re correct — the press conflates the right wing with narrowness , rigidity , and obsession , and liberal ideas ( but not left ones ) with broad - mindedness , flexibility , and growth .
Sometimes it gets even dumber than that — Randy ’s right about the temptation of the partisan lens ( though , for the record , I ’m the last person who ’d consider the addition of a Democrat to a Family cell as “ balance ” ; rather , that ’s the narrative The Family is selling its members ) .
There ’s a sense here in which the media ’s paradigm for political and religious ideas is undermining it — I think Diane ’s right that any smart media organization wants to keep conflict alive , and to that end they find the religious right very helpful .
But , having identified certain issues — global warming , poverty — as fundamentally liberal , they ’ve backed themselves into a bland , one - sided story in which we all become spiritual , green , and “ newly ” traditional .
***
RD : Last question — as a series of ideas and statements :
“ That which I found I could not change or affect in a political or managerial way , I found could be changed by the force of a personal relationship that men develop in a common bond to Christ . ” — Charles Colson , author , founder of Prison Fellowship and Watergate felon
Religion or Politics ?
It ’s come up a number of times both in the book and in this roundtable ; whether The Family is a religious or a political movement ; “ a political theology ” ?
Randy wrote that : “ The author parses this group as a political movement , but that scheme … does n’t hold .
What if he looked at The Family as a religious movement instead , as I think it is ? ”
Jeff just said of the media : “ There ’s a sense here in which the media ’s paradigm for political and religious ideas is undermining it … ” indicating that the media is getting it wrong on this score .
What are they getting wrong ?
In order to effectively deal with a complex , cellular , indirect , idea - oriented movement like The Family , one must first draw an accurate picture of what they are , how they function and what relationship they have to the landscape in which they operate .
Framing
The Family as a political conceit when they ’re religious , or vice versa , would significantly hamper any efforts to temper their effect .
In the final tally , what is The Family ?
A political movement ?
A religious movement ?
Both ?
Do these words have meaningful differences in this context ?
AB : Ca n’t I just say that The Family is bad theology and leave it at that ?
Well , sorry to have taken a bit of time between the questions .
I ’ve been thinking about it since Independence Day , and especially after taking a little walk yesterday over to the grave of Frederick Douglass ( who penned one of my favorite July 4th remembrances [ given on July 5th ! ] , “ What to a Slave is the Fourth of July ? ” ) .
I do n’t think it ’s “ religious ” or “ political , ” in the sense that both are intertwined so murkily within The Family ’s actions and belief system .
If members really did take in the words of Jesus literally , then dealing with the Suhartos of the world would be problematic .
If they were truly , truly , political ( as they seem to behave ) then it would be a matter of just backing and creating politicians , right ?
But its more like a movement — and this movement is about certainty .
Certainty means that Jesus has put the right people in charge , and submission and assistance to them will ensure that God ’s Kingdom will eventually come .
It is the certainty that American history is a God-centered history , with a purpose at its core .
Come what may , right or wrong , the eventual purpose is to have the “ Kingdom ” with the “ King ” on earth .
And the work ( The Family ) is important to bringing that certainty about .
Because everyone seems to be very certain about what Jesus wants , right ?
But there is a nagging question I ask my conservative evangelical friends : what happens when abortion is illegal ?
What happens when everyone is a Christian on the Supreme Court ?
What happens when you bring back prayer in schools ?
What happens when these wretched amoral leaders and avaricious politicians pray ?
When all of those things come “ back , ” they say , Jesus has returned for a 1000 - year reign ; or that it ’s what Christians need to do .
I tell them that ’s the time you have me chained out in the barn and you ’ve beaten the black off my back , ’ cause that ’s your mythic past of wonderfulness .
In that past , I am a slave .
And you think Jesus is going to have me in a separate heaven to shine your damn shoes , too .
Cause what you want , is the past that we had already , and women , immigrants , foreigners , enslaved and free persons of African descent — anyone not a WASP — was out of rights , and luck .
After they look at me , stricken , then chastise me for telling me that ’s not how it is ( was ) , I tell them , Oh yeah , that ’s how it was .
Because that fantasy world existed when Frederick Douglass gave the speech , “ What to A Slave is the Fourth of July . ” I wonder what Vereide and Coe would say to Douglass , but I think I will close with a quote from the speech , because I ’d like to think this is what he would say to them .
Insert “ Patriot Act ” or “ Guantanamo ” for “ Fugitive Slave Law ” .
They are , unfortunately , on the side of the oppressors .
The fact that the church of our country ( with fractional exceptions ) does not esteem “ the Fugitive Slave Law ” as a declaration of war against religious liberty , implies that that church regards religion simply as a form of worship , an empty ceremony , and not a vital principle , requiring active benevolence , justice , love , and good will towards man .
It esteems sacrifice above mercy ; psalm - singing above right doing ; solemn meetings above practical righteousness .
A worship that can be conducted by persons who refuse to give shelter to the houseless , to give bread to the hungry , clothing to the naked , and who enjoin obedience to a law forbidding these acts of mercy is a curse , not a blessing to mankind .
The Bible addresses all such persons as “ scribes , pharisees , hypocrites , who pay tithe of mint , anise , and cummin , and have omitted the weightier matters of the law , judgment , mercy , and faith . ”
But the church of this country is not only indifferent to the wrongs of the slave , it actually takes sides with the oppressors .
DW : I reread parts of The Family , looking for insight on the religion / politics question , and the answer I found was both and neither .
Founder Abraham Vereide ’s way of being in the world is based on Jesus , and spills outward into all activities , especially work and politics .
To call his vision a religious movement or a political movement misses the point .
Rather , it is an orientation to power ( also known as Jesus ) that uses practical ways to build up and centralize itself .
This type of totalizing perspective seems common to most religious systems .
Judaism , Islam , Buddhism and even early Christianity teach a way of life that does not compartmentalize but which seeks power ( intentionality , obedience , service and control ) for God .
The “ genius ” of the Protestant Revolution was to break apart this unitary system and its divine focus , substituting it with spheres of influence ( with greater or lesser degrees of divine penetration depending on your theology ) that gave man ( gender - specific indeed ) his due .
That this Protestant notion is completely naturalized among 21st century American knowledge workers is underscored by our use of the term “ political Islam , ” our hope that all Israelis will accept a secular state , and our belief in church / state separation .
It ’s also the part of American identity that tends toward hyper - individualism , and results in its schizoid relationship to Christianity .
( On the one hand , it ’s all about my personal relationship to Jesus but , on the other hand , the centrality of “ me ” makes self - discipline difficult and temptation deadly . )
We all agreed earlier that the waning of the religious right is a sideshow .
Are we decided that The Family is the real deal ?
I ’d argue that its interweaving of capitalism , Christianity and patriotism has penetrated vast swaths of the population and its ideological assumptions orient our media ( it ’s not Carman who worries me , it ’s the New York Times ) .
It ’s all good and well to bat around ideas about empire and hegemony , religious motivations and political labels , but at some point we need a strategy .
How do we develop a compelling alternative ?
Can we revivify notions of community , justice , solidarity that also provide spiritual sustenance and a religious vision ?
What new stories do we tell ourselves ?
RB : I very much agree with Anthea ’s point about the dangers of constructing a mythic past , for such constructions inevitably place the greatest burdens on those at the margins of society .
And to the extent that The Family participates in the fabrication and the perpetuation of such fiction , it does society — not to mention the faith — a disservice .
( I retain my objection to Jeff ’s overgeneralizations of The Family ’s ideology as well as his attempt to see Edwards and Finney as lineal precursors .
I am convinced that Finney , in particular , would find the hard - right leanings evident in the religious right and in many individuals associated with The Family utterly reprehensible . )
Anthea also touches on a point that Jeff addresses as well , the matter of theological orientation .
Jeff talks about the influence of Rousas John Rushdoony , who as nearly as I can tell was truly crazy but whose ideas have exerted an outsized influence on the religious right and , according to Jeff , on members of The Family .
Rushdoony ’s Reconstructionism is an extreme form of Calvinist , or Reformed , theology .
I ’ve been accused of exaggerating the importance of Rushdoony ’s ideas on leaders of the religious right — and perhaps I have .
But the fact that such leaders genuflect in his direction , as do , apparently , some members of The Family , can not be taken lightly .
But the larger issue that needs to be addressed somewhere by someone is the relative social ramifications of Reformed thinking and that of its polar opposite in Protestant Christian thought , Arminian ( or Finneyite ) theology .
Donald Dayton has been arguing for years that if you interpret evangelicalism as a species of Reformed theology , you wind up with the religious right .
Whereas if you view evangelicalism through the lens of the Holiness - Arminian - Finneyite - Wesleyan tradition , you get a fuller picture of the true ameliorative character of evangelicalism , one that gave us the abolition movement , public education , various peace crusades , the temperance crusade ( a progressive cause in the nineteenth century ) , and the push for equal rights ( including voting rights ) for women .
It seems clear from Jeff ’s book that the general theological orientation of most members of The Family is Reformed .
It ’s also true that many of the leaders of the religious right claim to be Reformed ( most of them are n’t really Calvinists , but they think they are ) .
Is there a strong , or even a necessary , correlation between Reformed theology and political conservativism ?
Just anecdotally among some of my colleagues in the field of American religious history , I can probably make that case .
But I ’d love to see someone parse that question a bit more fully .
Finally , Diane ’s comments point us to the heart of what I think is the real contribution of Jeff ’s book : the ineluctable lure of power , which , among people of faith , is unseemly .
Not simply because it ’s grasping and tacky , but because it contradicts the example and teachings of Jesus and because it inevitably compromises the integrity of the faith itself .
As I ’ve been arguing for years now ( and I apologize for repeating myself here ) , faith functions best from the margins of society and not in the councils of power .
When you conflate religion with the state , as some members of The Family are prone to do , inevitably it is the faith that suffers .
Once people of faith begin lusting after influence , they lose their prophetic voice .
Roger Williams recognized that long ago , and so did Charles Finney .
JS : Randy offers Arminian , “ or Finneyite , ” theology as an antidote to the fundamentalisms , plural , that I describe in The Family , rapping me on the knuckles for identifying Finney and Edwards as “ lineal precursors ” to The Family and contemporary fundamentalism .
All I can say is : The Cedars , The Family ’s headquarters , includes a room named for Edwards , Ted Haggard called himself an Arminian in interviews and his books , and when , before his fall , I asked him to identify his two favorite theologians , he said “ Jonathan Edwards and Charles Finney . ”
Pastor Ted also accepted the label fundamentalist .
What , does Randy think I make this stuff up ?
Evidently , he does .
As Evan Derkacz notes in his introduction to this roundtable , Randy ’s response above is actually his second version of “ last words ” on The Family .
The first came in the form of an acidic analysis in The Washington Post seemingly at odds with Randy ’s thoughtful response above .
Whereas Randy writes here of some contribution I may have made , in the Post he describes me as merely “ sophomoric , ” accuses me of lying , and urges greater generosity for The Family ’s leader , Doug Coe , whom he wrongly identifies as a minister , guilty of little more than modesty .
Randy presents no stronger evidence for his assertions than the genteel revelation that he himself once spent some time living in a house run by The Family and did n’t observe anything like what I describe .
But whereas Randy will always have his memories , I have notes , articles that have gone through fact checking and legal review , and tens of thousands of xeroxed documents from The Family ’s archive at the Billy Graham Center .
Ah , sour grapes !
Yes , I got ’em .
Not so much because Randy radically misrepresented my arguments in the Post , where I can’t respond , while offering far more nuanced arguments of his own only in this smaller and more scholarly roundtable , but because such a dichotomy represents exactly the scholarly / popular divide that allows The Family to slip between the cracks .
Amongst scholars , he makes arguments that invite engagement .
In the public square , he issues proclamations that do no more than police the borders of respectable knowledge , aka “ conventional wisdom . ”
To wit , from Randy ’s response # 1 , in the Post :
“ When he encounters evidence that contradicts his meticulously fabricated schematic , Sharlet glosses over or tries to ignore it .
Take , for example , former senators Mark O. Hatfield of Oregon and Harold E. Hughes of Iowa , who had close ties with Coe ; both were distinguished liberals with little patience for dictators . ”
The logic here seems to be that Hatfield and Hughes could not possibly have been involved with dictators because they were liberals ; and they were liberals because they could not possibly have been involved with dictators .
So much for the evidence that they were both liberal and supportive of dictators ( as noted above , Hatfield lobbied for a special prayer breakfast in America for the Indonesian dictator Suharto ; Hughes flew to the Philippines to fete Ferdinand Marcos in a presidential prayer breakfast organized by The Family ) .
I neither gloss over nor ignore that apparent paradox but rather place at the center of my argument about the Cold War convergence of multiple strands of American fundamentalism and imperialism .
But Randy , known as a “ distinguished liberal ” himself , as well as a compelling critic of the populist Christian Right , apparently was n’t kidding when he wrote “ the temptation to understand all this through the lens of partisan politics is almost irresistible . ”
Indeed , he succumbs , dividing the world between good liberals and “ tacky ” conservatives , the distinguished and the sophomoric .
When confronted by evidence that these categories are not so hard and fast as his inner social scientist would like , he falls back on a rhetoric that constructs a reasonable middle by dismissing all to its left and its right as paranoid .
For Randy , the center always holds .
But the center is an assertion , not a fact ; an etiquette , not a place .
Its code , its theology , is most fully embodied in Americanized Arminianism — a Protestant tradition of good works and propriety , “ distinguished liberals ” and polite realpolitik .
“ Arminian moralism , ” notes historian Charles Sellers in his study of Finney ’s age , The Market Revolution , “ sanctioned competitive individualism and the market ’s rewards of wealth and status . ”
It did not endorse explicit greed ; rather , those whom the market rewarded —
Finney ’s financial backers , the “ judges and lawyers and educated men ” Finney boasted of as converts — were to use their good fortune to improve the masses , a trickle - down religion that found an echo in The Family ’s belief that God operates through “ key men ” placed by Him in positions of power , whether in business or government .
“ Finney , ” writes Randy , “ who devoted his entire career to improving the lot of those at the margins of society , would be appalled by the kind of elitist , anti-union sentiments that Sharlet attributes to The Family . ”
Randy seems unfamiliar with the concept of paternalism , sometimes resented by “ those at the margins of society ” — in Finney ’s time , the poor and the working classes , who comprised the majority of society .
As Paul E. Johnson shows us in his classic study of Finney and evangelical revival in Rochester , New York , Finney ’s closest allies were not those at the margins of society but their employers , the Christian businessmen genuinely troubled by drunkenness and Sabbath - breaking and yet incapable of imagining that workers might prefer their own solidarity to the fellowship of an evangelicalism paid for and proselytized by the upper middle class .
* * * Diane writes : “ We all agreed earlier that the waning of religious right is a sideshow …
How do we develop a compelling alternative ?
Can we revivify notions of community , justice , solidarity that also provide spiritual sustenance and a religious vision ?
What new stories do we tell ourselves ? ”
Is Arminianism really the best story we can come up with ?
To the elite fundamentalism of The Family , a religion of the status quo , we should respond with — more noblesse oblige ?
And to the raw democratic challenge of populist fundamentalism , the modern heirs of the men and women who first rebelled against Darwin not out of blind obedience to authority but rather resentment of Darwin ’s early champions — eugenicists , sterilizers , do - gooders — we should respond with — more noblesse oblige ?
A government of the best and the brightest , the myth of meritocracy , a carrot for strivers and the bludgeon or the dole , depending on which party is in power , for those who ’ll never make the cut ?
Thin gruel .
Randy writes : “ faith functions best from the margins of society and not in the councils of power .
When you conflate religion with the state , as some members of The Family are prone to do , inevitably it is the faith that suffers . ”
This statement strikes me as rather high - minded .
The faith of the powerful , the faith of The Family , is real , and it is dangerous — not to those who hold it , but to those who suffer because of it .
It ’s dangerous precisely because it ’s so easily overlooked , so easily declared nothing but posturing , a veneer for politics .
But empire , what political theorists Antonio Negri and Michael Hardt describe “ not as a historical regime originating in conquest , but rather as an order that effectively suspends history and thereby fixes the existing state of affairs for eternity ” requires more than politics .
It requires belief .
There are a very few political figures who can truly practice realpolitik — Cheney , perhaps , and Kissinger .
When we look at the private papers of the rest , when we ask them about their gods , we discover theology ; theodicy ; justification .
What do we call it when Senator Sam Brownback , a Family member and Colson protégé , helps send American dollars to Central Asian dictators to buy access to those markets for American companies because , he explains , capitalism and democracy go together , and the gospel follows ?
Is that religion , or politics ?
Does it matter to the subjects of those dictators ?
Or , to put that question in the terms Anthea reminds us of , “ What to a Slave is the Fourth of July ? ”
Anthea , and Frederick Douglass , point us in the direction of the strategies Diane calls for .
Anthea gives us a response to conservatives who long for a “ return ” to some past they imagine to be more decent , more honest , maybe more Christian : “ In that past , ” writes Anthea , “ I am a slave . ”
This leads to Strategy # 1 : History .
Not watered - down history , not polite history , not the kind of “ progressive history ” that maintains that despite the sins of the past we ’re inching toward Bethlehem , but brutal , obsessive , investigative history , one story after another , each unraveling the last .
Frederick Douglass , meanwhile , reminds us of the chief pitfall of liberalism , complacency .
It can be seductive , especially when it comes cloaked in proclamations of harmony and unity .
That was Family founder Abraham Vereide ’s great strategic realization : a friend to fascists , he was never a hater himself , and he realized that his movement would advance not by pounding pulpits but by “ making friends , ” as he liked to say ; by gently insisting that we ’re all in this together even as he pursued “ Worldwide Spiritual Offensive , ” a “ World War III , ” in his imagination .
Vereide knew which side he was on ; we should as well .
So , strategy # 2 : Know your enemy , and know that your enemy really is your enemy .
Love them if you must , but never forget that we are not , in fact , all on the same side .
Defenders of the status quo , liberal as well as conservative , urge civility as an unbreakable code and preach common ground as a common good , as if the oppressed will benefit by toning down their demands in order to stand on the same patch of land as the powerful .
Vereide called this “ reconciliation , ” a beautiful word turned ugly in the mouths of the powerful and the paternalistic .
One of his favorite examples ?
A labor leader on bended knee before a boss , asking forgiveness for his rebellion .
One of Chuck Colson ’s [ examples ] ?
Eldridge Cleaver , a founder of the Black Panthers , broken in spirit , black power abandoned , on his knees , in a Family prayer cell with Colson and Harold Hughes — bipartisanship !— and Tommy Tarrant , a former Klansman in prison for bombing a Jewish family .
Cleaver , Colson told Pat Robertson on “ The 700 Club , ” was reconciled .
Which brings me in closing back to the quote with which Religion Dispatches began this final round : “ That which I found I could not change or affect in a political or managerial way , ” Colson wrote of the uses to which he put his religion , “ I found could be changed by the force of a personal relationship that men develop in a common bond to Christ . ”
If we call that politics by another name , we ’ll never be able to explain why so many prisoners —
Colson leads the largest prison ministry in the world , an evangelical program he described to me as locked in combat with secularism and Islam — embrace it without resorting to that old cop-out of “ false consciousness , ” radicalism ’s version of paternalism .
But if we call it religion , we miss the continuity of Colson ’s political goals .
The alternative to this apparent choice between ignorance and amnesia is not an appeal to the common good nor a revival of liberal rectitude but rather a re-narrated past — history as rebuttal to reconciliation — and a more antagonistic present , a politics of edges too rough to be smoothed into the status quo .
Randy , in closing , reminds us of the “ prophetic voice . ”
Let ’s make it democratic ; let ’s make it plural .
How will we recognize these voices ?
I find most persuasive Cornel West ’s description of prophecy as rooted in suffering , in the blues .
“ ‘ The blues , ’ ” West quotes Ralph Ellison , “ ‘ is an impulse to keep the painful details and episodes of a brutal experience alive in one ’s aching consciousness , to finger its jagged grain , and to transcend it , not by the consolation of philosophy but by squeezing from it a near - tragic , near - comic lyricism . ’ ”
You are quite right .
This is why India , despite the wonderful potential and greatness of its culture , is mired in the most horrible poverty , racial and religious strife imaginable , and cruelty beyond even my belief and I spent the first six years of my life in my Native Ethiopia in a rural village until my parents moved to the UK .
I 've been to India , I know .
I 've seen .
I 've seen the good , the beautiful and the bad in India and I 've noticed that MOST of the sufferings and poverty are preventable and RELIGION is the cause of it .
Here 's why .
If I suffer , it 's my karma and if you help me , you interfere with my karma and I 'll just have to suffer in my NEXT lifetime .
Many New - Agers are steeped in this Karma nonsense .
It leads , if taken to extremes to a most horrible callousness .
I see a child starving in the streets , a woman being raped , or like in Benares the corpse of an old woman floating down the Ganges past thousands of persons and NOBODY even bothered to contact the authorities and I do NOTHING lest I interfere with Karma .
I allow a man to starve to death , a child to suffer hideously , and do nothing because it 's better this way .
In their next lifetime they 'll thank me .
What a total LOAD of bullocks !
If India was n't in the grip of this superstition , it would be more like what it used to be , a warrior society , vibrant , powerful , wealthy and capable of the highest arts , science and philosophy .
And now India is a total nightmare for many millions of persons .
Calcutta alone has over 200,000 street children who beg , steal and feed on garbage and nothing is done about it by the Hindus , Muslims , Sikhs or the government which can't afford costly social programs and education .
I saw a report of feral children actually existing in some parts of India .
Like animals , dumped on the streets , living like rats and never socialized , never held , never loved .
That 's India , and the IDIOCY of people like that New Age supreme douche Gary Zukav with his sophistry , or Jesus of Nazareth 's wussy sheep - like ethic " Resist not evil " leads to this insanity and cruelty when it could be so EASILY prevented .
Do you want a better world , better health for the Earth , the reduction of war , crime ?
Then do not turn to New Age occultism or Eastern Religions , turn to science and the ethics of humanism which are reality based , not ideologically based .
Idealists fall flat on their face when they encounter realists .
A realistic sane society would not know poverty and very little crime or injustice .
A religious society steeped in fanaticism and superstition like India is a Freak Show of Atrocities .
I heard a Hindu spout the most insane drivel I 've ever heard , and this Hindu had a Master 's Degree in Engineering from Oxford !!!
Here 's what he said " The Holocaust was necessary to get rid of group karma .
The Jews were guilty of Christ 's crucifixion [ how about the Romans you idiot ] and accumulated group karma which finally was resolved when Hitler built the death camps . "
Oh God , what a load of bloody bullocks to justify the Holocaust in such a totally assinine way !
God help us all if this kind of mentality sweeps the world .
The scale of deployment is potentially huge : the U.S. served 147 million electric meters in 2007 , with nearly 15 million ' Smart ' Meters under deployment last year .
( subscription required )
At recent cost levels , the $ 4.5 billion appropriated ( if used entirely for new Smart Meters ) would be enough to pay for about 12 million more Smart Meters .
Because of their cost - savings benefits , growth is expected well beyond what has been funded by recent legislation .
There are many benefits that can be gained from the Smart Grid .
For utilities , there is the possibility of limiting growth in the use of electricity at peak times , and in reducing the year - to - year growth in electricity demand .
For residential users , there is the possibility of reducing electricity bills .
For residential users with home - based power generation , there is the possibility of better compensation for home - generated power , when added to the grid .
The Smart Grid is best understood as a set of measures for modernizing the nation 's electricity delivery system that has both institutional and technology components .
That is , in order to get the most benefit from the technological component , institutions ( utilities ) will need to change they way they do business and interact with customers .
While many potential technologies might be pitched under Smart Grid ’s expanding tent , current efforts focus mainly on
The Smart Grid was in the news recently when $ 4.5 billion in grants for qualified projects relating to grid enhancements were included in the American Reinvestment and Recovery Act , in the first quarter of 2009 .
This is a guest post by Steve Piper .
Steve has a M. S. in Public Management and has been a consultant in the utilities business ( primarily electricity ) for the last 20 years .
Institutional Components of Smart Grid
The key institutional reforms advanced to enable Smart Grid are
• Implementation of Time of Use ( TOU ) rates and
• Decoupling of the traditional link between revenue and sales .
Two - way communications meters can of course be deployed without these measures in place , but only highly motivated customers can be expected to adjust the times they use appliances , if pricing remains on a flat - rate basis .
TOU rates is a regime in which customers , using their two - way meters , can receive continuous information regarding the hourly marginal price of electricity .
Because loads vary greatly on a daily cycle , and utility fuel prices can fluctuate as well , the costs to bring generators on or to engage in wholesale power purchases changes hourly .
A two - way meter ( hereafter ‘ Smart Meter ’ ) simply makes these price changes transparent to customers , presenting the total rate ( i.e. , the marginal electricity price plus embedded charges , tiered usage charges ) .
TOU rates have been offered under pilot programs and for some industrial and residential customers , but Smart Meters will allow TOU rates to be rolled out much more broadly .
This is not to say that customers will be expected to monitor rates and usage like a hawk .
Smart Meter advocates envision customers setting alerts when prices reach certain levels , along with real time information regarding home demand .
Instead of hourly changes in rates , customers may get signals in more manageable 4 - or 8 - hour blocks .
Studies in pilot programs suggest that customers reduce demand by an average of 10 % by cutting back on usage during peak periods and identifying loads of which they were unaware .
Decoupling of revenue from sales is a deeper institutional reform .
At the retail level , traditional rate regulation stipulates a fixed return on assets built , given an expected level of electricity sales .
If a utility exceeds the expected level of sales , it earns additional profit and can forestall future rate increases .
Conversely , sales below the stipulations on which the rates are based can result in under-earning and pushes the utility to request rate increases .
This bias toward boosting sales leads utilities to promote load growth and to discourage energy efficiency or conservation .
The most widely accepted remedy for this is to ' decouple ' rates from sales by guaranteeing revenue to a utility over a fixed period regardless of performance against kilowatt - hour sales metrics .
While not a perfect mechanism , the decoupling approach incentivizes the utility to consider all options for delivery of energy services , not merely those that build load .
Decoupling mechanisms are in place in eight states ; they were first implemented in California , and they are under consideration in roughly half of all states .
( Cavanagh , Natural Resources Defense Council , Straight Talk about Smart Grid Funding , Planning , and Results , Energy Central webcast , 6/30/2009 )
With a decoupling regime in place , a utility need no longer fear the revenue - eroding effects of customers taking steps to save energy .
Data collected from Smart Meters can be analyzed to determine load patterns or appliance performance , which the utility then has a stronger incentive to act upon .
Advocates envision that the utility - customer relationship then becomes more cooperative and less transactional .
Technology components of Smart Grid : the Smart Meter and Smart Appliances
Aside from influencing customer behavior , appliance vendors are preparing to launch a series of ‘ smart ’ appliances that can work with signals from the Smart Meter or from other smart appliances to adjust electricity usage in beneficial ways .
For instance , ordinary refrigerators cycle at regular intervals but a ' smart ' refrigerator could respond to a signal from other operating appliances to delay its cycle until household load levels are lower .
Smart appliances can also be programmed to reduce load or shut off in response to price triggers .
Economics of Smart Meters and Smart Appliances
Based on information and claims available today , we can estimate a preliminary business case for Smart Meters .
On the cost side is the upgraded meter and communications software .
Southern California Edison ( SCE ) and Baltimore Gas & Electric ( BG&E ) have both filed for cost recovery for two - way meters .
SCE was approved to spend $ 1.6 billion to install 5.3 million meters , or $ 300 per meter .
BG&E has requested $ 500 million to install 2 million new electric and gas meters , about $ 240 per meter .
Energy savings per customer varies widely depending on the type of dwelling , existing appliance efficiency levels , and a customer 's level of engagement and motivation .
BG&E ’s plan targets an average of 15 % savings in its proposed program , pinning its targets on changes in customer behavior in response to rebates and other incentives .
Vendors of Smart Appliances are targeting electricity usage reductions of 30 - 50 % during peak periods , shifting load to periods when demand is lower .
GE , a Smart Appliance vendor , has indicated that programmable appliances will have a price premium over their ‘ dumb ’ brethren of $ 10 , once in mass deployment .
The table below summarizes the relative kWh cost and simple payback for an average SCE residential customer ( based on a year of savings , conservatively assuming 10 % for the Smart Meter and an additional 10 % per appliance ) .
For an SCE customer , 10 % savings at 2007 usage levels is 708 kWh.
SCE 's rate structure is multi-tiered , but 2007 average revenue per customer was over 15 cents / kWh .
Using this as a proxy for rates yields a simple payback of $ 107.80 per year , or a little under three years .
With time - of - use rates , the simple payback could be shorter .
California is an extreme case , since its rates are among the highest in the nation .
Many states have residential rates that are half this level , which would double the payback period .
Included in the table is the simple payback associated with changing out incandescent bulbs with CFLs .
For a cost / benefit ‘ purist ’ , Smart Grid money would be better devoted first to ensuring CFLs were deployed as widely as possible .
Nevertheless , the economic case for Smart Meters and Smart Appliances looks good , if 10 % savings levels can be achieved .
An important part of the success of the Smart Meter deployment will be customer acceptance and active engagement with energy savings and programmable appliances .
Since the payback calculation in the table above is based on the incremental cost of new appliances , it assumes a changeout of appliances once the old appliances end their service life .
In addition to resource benefits , utilities cite several potential operational benefits of two - way communications that do not directly save electricity :
• Remote disconnection and reconnection of customers , easing a major cost driver for service areas with lots of account turnover , such as college towns .
• The ability to locate power outages with greater precision , increasing response time and reducing the number of search crews for each outage .
• Better assignment of costs for small power generation , allowing greater penetration of home - based power such as small wind turbines or photovoltaic systems .
For those partial to home - based power systems , the last point is crucial .
Currently , if a home - based system produces excess power , a utility can ( a ) allow it to dump power on the grid free to the utility , or ( b ) install a ‘ net meter ’ that pays the homeowner at their current rate by allowing the meter to run backwards during times of excess production .
Option ( a ) undercompensates the homeowner while option ( b ) implicitly subsidizes the homeowner at the expense of other ratepayers , at times paying prices that double the system marginal rate .
A third option for compensating home - based power systems is a feed - in tariff , such as the one approved by Gainesville Regional Utilities ( Florida ) .
A feed - in - tariff provides a much larger explicit subsidy , in this case to a limited number of solar installations .
The higher feed - in tariff for solar installations in part reflects the utility 's higher costs for the time panels are typically generating power , and partly reflects a desire to encourage residential power generation .
So What ’s Not to Like ?
The opportunity to revolutionize electricity delivery and cost at reasonable prices has jump started the Smart Meter industry .
But it is not cheap .
SCE ’s $ 1.6 billion rollout of Smart Meters will cover its entire service territory at about the same cost as a new large combined cycle power plant .
A 1500 MW plant generating 60 % of the time would serve about 10 % of SCE ’s 2007 demand .
Smart Meter implementation has greater potential , but more uncertainty as to the kWh savings it will ultimately deliver .
Conclusions
The cost of implementing Smart Meters appears justified by the resource savings available and by the ( less well quantified ) operational benefits to implementing utilities .
The case for Smart Meters is strong in areas with high electricity rates such as California , the Mid-Atlantic states , and New England states .
In states where residential rates are lower , the case rests more heavily on operational benefits utilities can hope to achieve , which could prevent penetration of Smart Meters .
If appliance vendors can truly keep the additional cost of Smart Appliances low , they have good odds of penetrating territories where Smart Meters are in place .
The pairing of Smart Meters and Smart Air Conditioners or Heat Pumps looks especially promising .
The newly - weds first met 17 years ago when Carmen visited Devon A Devon man has married an old flame after a love letter he wrote 10 years ago which went astray was discovered behind a fireplace by workmen in Spain .
Steve Smith , of Paignton , met Spaniard Carmen Ruiz - Perez 17 years ago when she was an exchange student in Devon .
The pair had been engaged but their relationship fizzled out after Ms Ruiz - Perez went to live in Paris .
Mr Smith sent her a letter via her mother 's home in Spain but never heard back until she read it a decade later .
Ms Ruiz - Perez , who had never married , rang her former boyfriend and they met in Paris a few days later .
Like a storyline straight from Hollywood , the pair , now both aged 42 , fell in love all over again and tied the knot in Brixham on Friday .
Mr Smith , a factory supervisor , said : '' When we met again it was like a film .
We ran across the airport into each other 's arms .
I never got married and now I 've married the man I have always loved
Carmen Smith '' We met up and fell in love all over again .
Within 30 seconds of setting eyes on each other we were kissing .
" I 'm just glad the letter did eventually end up where it was supposed to be . ''
However , it seemed that Cupid and fate worked hard to ensure it did as a catalogue of events could so easily have led to them never meeting again .
Mr Smith originally wrote to Ms Ruiz - Perez 's flat in Paris but she had moved and his letter went unanswered .
Still determined to trace his lost love , he wrote her another letter and sent it via her mother 's villa in Spain .
The letter lay hidden for a decade after slipping behind a fireplace
The letter was put on the mantelpiece and forgotten about before it slipped down the back of the fireplace .
It was only when workmen carrying out renovations on the villa removed the fireplace that they discovered the letter and passed it on .
However , it was 10 years old and Mr Smith had moved house - but fortunately he had kept his old phone number .
Ms Ruiz - Perez , who has now become Mrs Smith , described the wedding as the pinnacle of an ' ' amazing ' ' love story .
" I never got married and now I 've married the man I have always loved , " she said .
'' When I got the letter I did n't phone Steve right away because I was so nervous .
I nearly did n't phone him at all .
'' I kept picking up the phone then putting it down again but I knew I had to make the call . ''
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Surviving the World A Photocomic Education by Dante Shepherd
Lesson # 234 - Creeping People Out
Dante 's father used to like to do this .
Oh , it was hilarious .
Creeping people out is an important part of life .
Take it seriously .
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
We are finally clueing the January crossword , and we 're in the top 120 .
Thanks , everyone .
The Adventures of Tintin Mural located inside the Stockel Metro Station is definitely one of most impressive of the city of Brussels .
The sketches featuring all of the 140 characters of The Adventures of Tintin Comic Strip are displayed on both sides of the 135 meters long underground station ’s wall .
These were drawn by Hergé himself just before his death in 1983 and completed by the Studio Hergé and Bob de Moor for the opening of the Stockel station on .
Location of Tintin Mural at Stockel Metro Station :
View Larger Map
Photos of Tintin Mural at Stockel Metro Station :
Arriving at the Stockel Undergroud Subway Station
When the wagons leave the mural art is revealed in it ’s entirety
Here are some closeups of various characters from the adventures of Tintin
Full Set of all 140 characters of The Adventures of Tintin Comic Strip
Subscribe Posted by Michael Pinto on Jul 23 , 2009 in Animation
On this day in 1966 one of the first full length feature anime films made it to the United States :
That was none other than Garibā no Uchū Ryokō ( ガリバーの宇宙旅行 ) which was translated to Gulliver ’s Travels Beyond the Moon .
The film was produced by Toei in 1965 and directed by the team of Masao Kuroda and Sanae Yamamoto , but what might make it interesting to current anime fans is that Hayao Miyazaki also worked on the film providing some uncredited writing and quite a bit of inbetween animation work .
In the scene above we see young Ricky meeting Gulliver , and below is a scene featuring the Princess of the Star of Hope ( who was voiced by Our Gang ’s Darla Hood ) :
It ’s interesting to note that even before 1965 Toei released a 20 minute version of this film in Japanese theaters in 1964 — so you get the sense that they ’re really building up to something bigger in that era of Japanese animation .
Looking at the film you can see a great deal of Disney influence , which is ironic as the mid-60s were the start of a low point for American feature length film animation .
And of course on another level the film ’s theme is a tip of the hat to the 1939 animated film Gulliver ’s Travels by the Fleischer Brothers , who would inspire future Hayao Miyazaki projects ( most notable would be the Lupin III episodes he directed in the 80s ) .
While you ca n’t buy the American translation of the film on DVD you can still find the original Japanese film on Amazon.jp .
Doing my research I was also impressed to come across this vintage poster — although it does n’t quite capture some of the nicer design elements which are found in the film :
Here ’s another version of the same poster design I found on Wikipedia :
The Orange County Zoo is not your usual menagerie of lions , tigers and bears .
There are no majestic animals from the African savanna , no awe - inspiring creatures from Arctic reaches .
Rather , here on this 5 - acre wooded spread at the base of the Santa Ana Mountains are 60 mostly hard - luck animals who have had run-ins , bad breaks and unfortunate entanglements with humankind .
Visitors to the hard - to - find zoo in Irvine Regional Park in Orange encounter a hobbling bald eagle , a lopsided vulture , four - horned sheep , a raccoon that was the runt of his litter and a potbellied pig that outlived its owner , who died of cancer .
Specializing in animals native to the Southwest and accepting only those that cannot be released into the wild have made the Orange County Zoo a repository for creatures with unusual , harrowing stories , many rooted in California ’s landscape .
And what this ragtag group lacks in exoticism it makes up for in traumatic tales of near death and abandonment .
Advertisement
Its wildcats , birds , reptiles and rodents have been shot , hit by cars , forcibly removed from lakes , had altercations with power lines and been illegally harbored by families .
The aim of keeping them all together is to teach people about the animals they ’re likely to encounter in the hills , canyons and backyards of Southern California , said zoo manager Donald Zeigler .
“ We use them to give the public more respect for animals they may come in contact with , ” he said .
“ They usually see them in a negative light , like when a coyote takes one of their cats .
But they come here , hear their stories , and they see things differently . ”
The zoo ’s residents live in mostly chain - link enclosures arranged in a circle of paved walking paths .
They are identified by small , fading signs .
A tranquil landscape of oak trees , prickly pear cactus and native shrubs gives the property -- once a hunting reserve for the early land - owning Irvine family -- a sense of distance and isolation .
Advertisement
The zoo has some legendary alumni , among them animals that had a brush with notoriety as California has grown and collided with nature .
The so - called freeway foxes lived at the zoo until several years ago .
The red fox mother and her cubs were among the last living things to stand in the way of the extension of the 55 Freeway in Costa Mesa .
When they had nowhere else to go , they were routed to the zoo .
“ They were considered vermin and probably would have been euthanized , ” Zeigler said .
And then there was Samson , the avocado - grubbing black bear who basked in the media spotlight in the 1990s for taking dips in a Monrovia neighborhood ’s pools and hot tubs .
He lived out his twilight years at the zoo before he suffered kidney failure and had to be euthanized in 2001 .
Advertisement
Now two black bears , Nacho and Yoyo , inhabit Samson ’s former grounds .
Zookeepers have a curiously short biography of 10 - year - old Nacho , a 600 - pound bear hailing from the Lake Tahoe - area town of Homewood .
“ He was held by a private citizen for seven days , that ’s all we know , ” said educational coordinator Marcy Crede - Booth .
Such lapses in information are common for animals confiscated by state Fish and Game authorities , then relocated to the zoo .
That holds true for the zoo ’s senior bald eagle , one of its most debilitated denizens .
Housed in a cage removed from public view , the 35 - year - old eagle ( named Klink after the monocled “ Hogan ’s Heroes ” colonel ) hobbles when he walks and is disfigured along his right side , presumably because he was maimed by a shotgun , though no one knows for sure .
Advertisement
Then there is the resident golden eagle , found by a rancher near a telephone wire with a broken wing and a drooping posture .
Caretakers named it Sylas , which was fitting until a surprise arrived .
“ We found out she was a female when she laid an egg , ” Zeigler said .
But the name stuck .
Other animals serve as educational tools , Zeigler said .
Most visitors , for example , are shocked by the mountain lion ’s large size .
When those who say they have spotted mountain lions in the wild see the long , thick tail and the muscular , slinky body of Simba , one of the zoo ’s two mountain lions , they realize that what they probably saw was a bobcat , Zeigler said .
Advertisement
The young mountain lion has a near - death story .
A rancher got a permit to shoot its mother because she was killing his livestock .
Only after she was shot did authorities notice that she had been lactating .
They went off in search of her orphaned young , finding the weeks - old mountain lion cub .
With George and Gracie , the zoo ’s coyotes , zookeepers try to communicate the opposite message : Animals that look small , harmless and pet - like can be dangerous predators .
Both coyotes , who live in a sandy - floored cage , were found by the side of the road as pups , he in Chino , she in Lake Arrowhead .
George was even taken in by a family , who did n’t realize they had adopted a coyote until they took him to a veterinarian for an exam .
Advertisement
“ Most people think coyotes are small , so they do n’t seem aggressive , but they ’re crafty , ” Zeigler said .
Other animals came to the zoo because they were mischief makers in the natural world .
Chopper , the zoo ’s beaver , was one of several removed from Lake Skinner in Riverside County for pulling the bushes and plants -- prime bird habitat -- into the lake .
Now , she can move all the vegetation she wants in a new habitat full of leafy branches and two flowing pools of water .
Advertisement
The zoo does n’t have the apes and monkeys of the Los Angeles Zoo or the extensive taxonomic catalog of the San Diego Zoo , but zookeepers take humble satisfaction in its being a haven for animals that would otherwise be in peril .
Although animals have been on the property in some form for over a century , it was n’t until 1985 that the Orange County Zoo proper took shape , first as a petting zoo .
“ The zoo has been here as this little jewel in the rough , ” said Robert Everakes , president of the Orange County Zoological Society , the zoo ’s fundraising group .
“ Not polished , but waiting . ”
And even now , the zoo does n’t have the popularity of the Santa Ana Zoo ( with which it is often confused ) .
Eight in 10 people in Orange County do n’t even know it exists , according to a survey conducted this year .
Advertisement
The zoo also has seen attendance slip in recent years , according to a 2007 Orange County Grand Jury report .
Its out - of - the - way location has n’t helped ; even the sleuth - like grand jury had trouble finding the place .
The zoo ’s reputation as a haven for animals with nowhere else to go has at times prompted people to call , making the case that their pet iguana , goat , chicken or boa constrictor would be a fine addition to the zoo .
Others come in person .
People have thrown chickens they no longer want over the fence .
And once , a man came to the zoo proffering his parrot .
Upset that zookeepers rejected it , he drove off without it .
Zoo officials admit to being constrained by county funding and said they have no plans to significantly raise the zoo ’s profile or abandon its mission as a last resort for animals with no other options .
Advertisement
They will start to replace old signs , add more barnyard animals and reptiles and expand some areas .
But the grounds will remain small and intimate , Zeigler said .
“ Some of the larger zoos , their niche is they want to have people there all day , ” Zeigler said .
“ We provide something that ’s local , and it ’s the perfect size for people wanting to spend an afternoon . ”
One species the zoo would like to attract more of , Zeigler said , is Homo sapiens .
--
Advertisement
tony.barboza@latimes.com
A new genetic engineering technique could make it as easy to rewrite a genome as it is to read it .
Using the process , which grafts pieces of synthetic DNA into the genomes of dividing cells , researchers generated 15 billion different genomic patterns in just three days .
The process would normally take years , and could eventually be used to produce industrial chemicals , drugs , fuel and anything else that comes out of bacteria .
" Automated sequencing really advanced the way we can read genetic information .
We hope automated genome engineering will advance the way we write genetic information , " said Harris Wang , a Harvard University biophysicist .
Earlier methods of manipulating genomes involved a painstaking biological cut - and - paste process , with target genes removed , tweaked and reinserted , one at a time .
Alternatively , bioengineers could use a mutagen that turned genomes to hash .
But Wang and George Church — a co-author of the study , and a pioneer in DNA synthesis , genome sequencing and all - purpose biotechnological wizardry — want to speed that process up .
Their technique , known as Multiplex Automated Genome Engineering , or MAGE , starts with single - stranded pieces of DNA , custom synthesized to fit on target sections of a genome .
In a microscopic remix of the famous Dr. Frankenstein movie scene , a target cell is then jolted with energy , opening holes in its membrane .
The DNA flows inside .
When the cell divides , it uses the new DNA in copying itself .
In the MAGE machines , this can be done over and over again with different gene combinations .
With each subsequent cell division , even more mutations arise naturally .
Researchers can automate the generation of souped - up cells , or study the unexpected effects of changes .
In a paper published Sunday in Nature , Church and Wang describe how they turned E. coli bacteria into factories for lycopene , an antioxidant that might have anti-cancer properties .
In just three days , they ended up with billions of cells containing various combinations of 24 lycopene - linked genes .
Some cells produced five times more lycopene than usual .
According to Church , the process would normally take months , even years .
" We are interested in applying this technology to cells that are useful in producing industrially useful chemical , therapeutics and fuels , " from yeast to cyanobacteria , said Wang .
The technique could also be used to design models of diseases — in tissue cultures , or animals — that have large - scale genomic changes .
Church said that MAGE might end up being more useful than building entire genomes from scratch .
That approach is flashy and powerful , but unnecessarily complicated .
" There are very few clearly articulated examples where anyone needs to change more than a few dozen genes or base pairs , " said Church .
See Also :
Citation : " Programming cells by multiplex genome engineering and accelerated evolution . "
By Harris H. Wang , Farren J. Isaacs , Peter A. Carr , Zachary Z. Sun , George Xu , Craig R. Forest & George M. Church .
Nature , doi:10.1038/nature08187 , July 26 , 2009 .
Brandon Keim's Twitter stream and reportorial outtakes , Wired Science on Twitter .
Dr Jon Olson : ' It 's in mankind 's destiny to go to Mars ' guardian .co.uk
It is often described as " the final frontier " , and not just by those who follow the adventures of Captain Kirk and the crew of the USS Enterprise .
The phrase , though , may take an even more literal meaning for those exploring space in the future .
The next generation of astronauts may hurtle through the cosmos for years or decades on a mission to explore distant planets and stars – and never return .
A senior Nasa official has told the Guardian that the world 's space agencies , or the commercial firms that may eventually succeed them , could issue one - way tickets to space , with the travellers accepting that they would not come back .
The prospect of spending years cooped in a spacecraft would not deter people from applying , he said .
" You would find no shortage of volunteers , " said John Olson , Nasa 's director of exploration systems integration .
" It 's really no different than the pioneering spirit of many in past history , who took the one - way trip across the ocean , or the trip out west across the United States with no intention of ever returning . "
In May 1961 , President John F Kennedy challenged the US to put a man on the moon by the end of the decade and return him safely to Earth .
In an effort costing an estimated $ 1.4tn in 2009 dollars , Apollo 11 astronauts Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin became the first humans to set foot on the moon 40 years ago today .
Now , Nasa hopes to reignite the public 's interest in manned space flight and win support for a massive investment in new trips to space .
If , as Olson predicts , humans reach Mars by the middle of this century , engineers and astronauts may then set their sights on the frozen planets , fiery moons and stars beyond .
" We 're going back to the moon , not for flags and footsteps but for a sustained presence , " Olson said .
" We 're going to use the moon as a stepping stone to Mars and we 're going to look at other interesting spots , like asteroids and near - Earth objects , and we 're going to look at all the other exciting places to go in this solar system . "
Since Kennedy 's speech , the US has lost 17 astronauts .
Three perished in a fire during early testing for the Apollo programme and 14 died in the wreckage of the space shuttles Challenger and Columbia .
In 1970 , Nasa engineers saved three astronauts when Apollo 13 malfunctioned 200,000 miles from Earth .
But no US astronaut has ever suffered the slow oxygen starvation and freeze that would doom a spacecraft lost beyond the Earth 's orbit .
Nasa is currently bound by Kennedy 's directive to bring its astronauts home , Olson said .
But the other nations rapidly developing space programmes may shed the constraint , as could the commercial companies that may supplant national efforts .
" Space is no longer for power and prestige ; it 's truly for economic benefit , " the Apollo 11 flight director Eugene Kranz said .
" The technology that emerges from high - risk , high - profile , extremely difficult missions is the technology that will keep the economic engine of our nation continuing to go through the years . "
With currently foreseeable technology , a round trip to Mars launched from a lunar outpost would take two to three years – a journey of six to nine months each way and a year - long mission on the surface .
The star nearest Earth 's solar system , Alpha Centauri , is 4.37 light years away , or more than 2.5tn miles , and a round - trip spacecraft would have to carry enough fuel to brake and propel itself back to Earth .
Robert Park , a physicist and prominent critic of manned space flight , said that even a one - way trip to Alpha Centauri was beyond the laws of physics .
The energy required to push a spacecraft up to the speed needed to get to the star within 50 years was so great as to be barely conceivable .
He described the measurement as a fantastic multiple of the energy consumed by the entire world in a year .
" We do n't have a warp drive , " he said , referring to the interstellar engines of Star Trek fantasy .
" A multigenerational space ark would doom the children raised to continue the mission never to see Earth and would decide their destiny before their birth , raising profound ethical questions . "
Rather than devote immeasurable resources to sending humans into space , Park said science should instead build stronger telescopes to better study distant stars and planets .
Here 's what we like to see !
Lots of baby apples .
Photo / Illustration : Chris McLaughlin
Picture by Jim under the Creative Commons Attribution License 2.0 .
These are the columnar apple trees in my front yard .
They 're the second set I 've planted - we left the others at our last home .
Okay , they 're not as big as the trees in the other picture , but give 'em a break - they 're in their infancy ; we planted them three years ago .
Photo / Illustration : Chris McLaughlin
As a gardener who loves growing food , I had always aspired to have apple trees in my garden .
Living in suburbia most of my life made space for growing fruit trees rather limited .
Standard apple trees at maturity reach 20 feet tall and usually a little more in width .
Of course , I had the option of planting the semi - dwarf varieties , but they ’re honestly only a dwarf compared to their larger cousins .
I considered trying the even smaller dwarf apple tree , but I realized that I needed more than one variety in order to produce apples , so they would ’ve still been too wide ( 8 feet or so ) for my space .
Then , about 10 years ago I discovered columnar apple trees .
These compact dudes were the answer to my prayers .
Columnar apple trees are created to grow predominantly straight up , reach a height of 8 - 10 feet and are usually less than 2 feet wide .
Suburbanites , apartment - dwellers , people living on boats – anyone can have columnar apple trees .
They do n’t have the side branches and the spread that the usual apple trees are known for .
In fact , rather than looking relaxed and orchard - ish , the columnars look rather elegant and stately .
Runway models would be jealous .
Yet they bring a little extra somethin ’ - somethin ’ as edible landscaping to your yard for about 20 years .
Try them in huge pots flanking the front door or garden entrance or plant these little darlings along your boring good - neighbor fence to give it some class .
If that is n’t enough , these micro-trees will produce normal - sized apples the first year you plant them !
God bless the experimenters .
Columnar apple tree varieties :
• ‘ Northpole ’ will remind you of a McIntosh apple .
• ‘ Golden Sentinel ’ is similar to Golden delicious in flavor .
• ‘ Scarlet Sentinel ’ produces green - yellow apples with a red blush .
Columnar apple tree requirements :
• Plant in full sun
• Plant trees 2 feet apart or line them up planted in whiskey barrels .
• Do n’t forget to plant at least two , for cross-pollination
• Regular watering during fruit development
* Hardy in zones 4 - 9
Three things I ’d like to throw out there about these trees .
First , you may need to thin the apples to help the tree support the weight in the first year .
Second , you ’re going to need at least two trees but different varieties .
The apples will only be produced if the flowers are cross-pollinated by two varieties of apple .
Third , the price tag is a little heavier than average apple trees .
That said , like all trees , if you order them bare - root in the winter , you ’ll get to save some bucks , too .
Are you infested with apple maggots ?
It ’s possible to control them without spraying .
Learn how to make an inexpensive , pesticide - free apple maggot trap .
Our picks for the hottest Web sites and Web trends of the year , plus some old favorites to enjoy .
It 's been a strange year on the Web .
In the 12 months since our last installment of Top 100 Web Sites , I 'm betting you signed up for a Twitter account ( and likely abandoned it ) , browsed the Web on a mobile phone ( if you have n't yet , you soon will ) , and read 3.4 online news stories about Michael Jackson and watched 5.8 MJ videos on YouTube ( I like this one ) .
In other words , some things about the Web are changing incredibly fast , others seem like they 'll stay the same forever .
Our list of the Top 100 Web Sites reflects that :
We 've selected 50 classic Web sites that we all know and love , and 50 new and / or undiscovered sites that you may not have heard of yet .
Deciding upon our list of 100 sites is a months - long process .
We solicited Web site nominations from every corner of the WebPCMag and AppScout readers , Twitter followers , Facebook friends , our own staff , and more .
A small committee of our own experts then evaluated each nominated site one by one , judging it according to its content quality , design , and originality , to arrive at our two lists of 50 Web sites .
We hope you 'll enjoy these sites as much as we do !
Apps
by
Google 's online office suite includes a presentation maker , spreadsheets , and , of course , a word processor .
Use it to create and collaborate with anyone that has a Google account , and keep all the documents online where you can always get to them .
It even helps you create Web forms for easily collecting info online .
Why install instant - messaging software ?
Meebo is a browser - based IM aggregator , providing one master buddy list for all your IM accounts AIM , Google , Yahoo , MSN , even Facebook or the old ICQ .
An online Photoshop ?
Maybe it 's not quite that powerful , but Picnik is amazingly robust for a Web - based image editor .
That it has tight integration with lots of great photo sharing sites like Flickr , MySpace , and Facebook is a bonus .
Does the site that 's synonymous with micro-blogging need an introduction ?
Here 's one anyway :
Think of Twitter as a place where you can constantly keep people up to date on your life status , and where you and friends can publicly make with the witty banter all day ( and night ) long .
Fun
by
In a crowded field of gaming Web sites , 1 Up.com stands out for its expert game reviews , news , and videos , and its active community .
Read up on the gaming world while you 're resting your thumbs .
This " Directory of Wonderful Things " keeps getting wonderfuller , with spin - offs like BoingBoing Gadgets , BoingBoingTV , and BoingBoing Offworld .
Each of them use the same quirky BoingBoing sensibility to dig up treasures around the Web .
The preeminent social network is fast becoming the hub of all social interactions on the Web , and as more people join , our list of Facebook friends more and more resembles our real - world " social graph . "
If you 're still holding out , knock it off and join already .
Your friends and family will thank you .
Facebook is great for sharing your camera phone pics with friends , but more serious photographers will want a more serious photo - sharing platform .
Flickr makes the chore of uploading and tagging photos as simple as possible , and offers plenty of great features for photo enthusiasts , pros , and people who just like to look at pretty pictures .
Hulu 's advertising campaign calls the site an evil plot to destroy the world ; with the amount of time you can lose watching the free shows and movies offered , it might just be true .
Who needs a TV when you have Hulu ?
IMDb is the Web 's best source for finding out who that guy was that was in that thing with that other guy .
Beyond solving bar bets , the site offers movie and TV news , clips , trailers , and even full - length video .
Hey , nerds !
How about a nerd blog for your nerd interests ?
io9 covers everything science fiction and otherwise less - than - hip .
Comic book superheroes , television time - travelers , and real - life robot - controlled rat brains ; io9 's got them all .
America 's favorite pastime has the site it deserves in MLB.com , which has a ton of cutting - edge features and is adding more all the time .
The site excels at what every sports site should be working toward : Making it easy to keep track of games and scores from your desk at work .
Nick 's
Web site has information on your kid's favorite shows ( or your favorite shows admit it , you like Avatar : The Last Airbender ) , full - length episodes , and browser - based games .
Why waste time with Solitaire when you could play cards with SpongeBob ?
This venerable source of satire has moved beyond snappy headlines into the realm of Web video and audio .
Tech fans will appreciate pieces like this not - quite - safe - for - work bit of hard - hitting reporting .
Bored with shuffling through your iTunes music ?
Pandora throws a bit of the unknown and unexplored into the mix .
Enter a song or artist , and Pandora creates an Internet radio station with similar songs .
Try putting in Weird Al 's " Fat . "
It 'll be funtrust us !
Why rely solely on Roger Ebert 's opinion when you could be drawing from the aggregate knowledge of the teeming masses ?
Rotten Tomatoes collects movie reviews from credible publications and draws a percentage from those scores , ranking them as either " Fresh " or " Rotten . "
Someecards has a wry e-card for every occasion , from birthday wishes ( " Happy birthday to someone I feel incredible close to when I'm intoxicated " ) to cries for help ( " I can't handle the pressure of making my own salad . " )
You can even create your own cards , if you think you 're clever enough .
Viewing and creating online video is easier than ever ; Ustream .
TV lets anyone with a webcam start a live broadcast .
Those who'd rather just watch can find a world of sporting events , talk shows , and kittens  so many , many kittens
YouTube is synonymous with online video at this point .
The site is expanding its offerings beyond homemade videos of people doing Beyoncé 's " Single Ladies " dance , however ; now you can watch full - length TV shows and movies , like American Gladiators and She Gods of Shark Reef .
Info
by
Google 's mapping service keeps getting better and better , adding new features all the time .
It 's almost good enough to forgive them for the time the Street View camera took a picture of us coming out of a gentlemen's club in the middle of the day .
Apparently Google also does search .
It 'll never take off .
Traveling would be a lot more fun were it not for all of the , you know , traveling .
But just because every other part of the process is a nightmare does n't mean booking your trip has to be .
Kayak crawls hundreds of travel sites and tracks current promotions to help you get the best fare for your flight .
It 's a scary time to be thinking about money , so you may as well get a little bit of help from .
Mint can track your income and spending , and help you build a budget you 'll be able to stick to .
Why get your pet from a store when you can adopt a loving animal from a shelter ?
Petfinder lists dogs , cats , rabbits , birds , and other animals in need from across the U.S. , Canada , and Mexico .
In the current economic climate , it 's probably best to cast your net as wide as possible .
Simply Hired aggregates results from thousands of job and company sites , making job hunting as easy as its name implies .
Snopes is the go - to source for debunking urban legends .
Please consult it before forwarding that chain e-mail , especially if it has anything to do with Barack Obama , Walt Disney , or a dying child who can only afford treatment if you forward the e-mail .
This Discovery Channel - owned blog is the ultimate up - to - the - minute resource for green news , culture , eco-friendly design , and more .
Before you go checking this site , let us assure you that you do n't have the bubonic plague .
Heck , it 's probably just a simple case of the Swine Flu .
College professors and newspaper publishers hate this online encyclopedia .
The rest of you have probably already spent half your day going further down the Wikipedia rabbit hole .
Want some Persian food in New York with a side - order of snark ?
Looking for a review of a Thai restaurant in San Francisco , prepared in iambic pentameter ?
Anyone who thinks business reviews can't be fun needs to Yelp more .
News
by
For the news of the world in 32 languages , no less the British Broadcasting Company is second to none .
It does n't hurt to read it in an English accent either , for extra gravitas .
The ultimate user - submitted content site .
Actually , it has no content , just links , all of which are voted upondugg by visitors to the site , or any site that puts a Digg badge on its pages .
Still one of the hottest places to visit to see what 's ... hot .
Entertainment Weekly 's online home remains one of the best all - around entertainment sites , with some real reporting on some fluffy bits of news , not to mention fun columns ( its Lost analysis can't be beat ) , reviews , and even video .
Thankfully , it 's fluff we all enjoy .
Some think the Old Grey Lady ain't what she used to be and well , if you 're thinking about that 17 - pound mass of paper delivered on Sundays , maybe that 's true .
The Times Web site , however , is where the real breaking news of the day is found , along with all the great extras you 'd expect in Arts , Style , Travel , and other sections .
Thomas Dolby got it right when he cried : " SCIENCE ! "
We like science that much too , and that 's why Science Daily is a perennial favorite on this list .
The site aggregates the very best coverage in that very broad topic , from fossils to space exploration , from diseases to climate change , and every nano - particle in between .
The Washington Post 's online current affairs magazine which was founded by Microsoft continues to deliver on much more than politics ( entertainment and tech coverage is especially good ) , and with far more wit and clarity than is typical online .
Shopping
by
The online shopping behemoth just keeps getting bigger .
From dead - tree books , CDs , and DVDs to their digital equivalents ( e- books , MP3s , and movie streaming ) , Amazon has it all .
Stand up for your consumer rights , and if those dastardly companies do n't heed your complaint , take it to The Consumerist .
The consumer - rights blog , recently bought from Gawker by Consumer Reports , offers catharsis by taking big companies to task for all kinds of shady behavior .
This Craig fellow sure is swell !
His list lets you hunt for a new house or apartment , buy and sell used stuff , and even find your long - lost love
This excellent online store lets you both buy and sell handmade items , and has tons of one - of - a- kind treasures available at good prices .
It 's the Internet equivalent of a cottage industry , and we absolutely love it .
An afternoon of browsing Trulia 's real estate listings will either make your day or destroy your week , depending on whether you 're shopping for a home or considering selling .
Housing booms and busts will come and go , but through it all , Trulia is our favorite real estate site .
Tech
by
The standard practice for news sites these days is to be a mile wide and an inch deep - write as many short posts as possible .
Ars has always gone in the opposite direction , with refreshingly insightful reporting and commentary on the tech industry .
CNET 's recent acquisition by CBS has n't dampened its moxie .
It still has great tech news and reviews , and this gargantuan technology network is also breaking new ground in Web video , live broadcasting , and audience interaction .
In many ways , Engadget is setting the standard not just for the blogosphere , but for the whole tech media world .
The site covers the world of tech gadgets with a level of skill and enthusiasm that is hard to match .
Build things of limited usefulness out of household objects !
That 's the idea behind this fun , geeky DIY site .
Browse for project ideas or just enjoy the weird obsessions of the DIY community .
I can't remember what life was like before Lifehacker , but I 'm pretty sure it involved lots of wasted time , wasted money , and wasted closet space , and not nearly enough keyboard shortcuts .
Optimize your entire online and offline life with this site 's incredibly useful tips and how - tos .
We have to pat ourselves on the back here our expert tests and reviews of tech hardware and software are still the best in the business .
And stay tuned for some big changes to the site in the coming months .
I do n't know of another site that covers developments in the mobile / wireless world with as much depth as Phone Scoop .
And if you 're in the market for a new handset , check out the site 's cool Phone Finder .
Looking for that one free PC utility that will save your life ?
Building a utility that will save others ' lives ?
Whether you 're a giver or a taker , Source Forge has you covered by offering a huge library of free , open - source software , and the opportunity to upload your own projects .
Though the dollars are n't swirling around Silicon Valley like they were a couple years ago , there are still leaks and rumors to report , mergers to scrutinize , and startups to evaluate .
TechCrunch is on top of it , with an unparalleled network of loose - lipped informants that ensures that Michael Arrington gets the story first .
Apps
by
This site is giving Picnik a run for its money , offering online , Flash - based image editing , color editing , vector editing , image hosting , and even image capture of Web sites ( using a Firefox add - on ) which you can instantly open in the image editor .
Privacy might be the biggest problem with modern social networks .
That and the fact that there are too damn many of them .
Gizapage wants to fix both problems by giving you a single dashboard from which to control your social network profiles across sites like Facebook , Flickr , LinkedIn , Twitter , YouTube , and your WordPress blog .
PageTweet 's interface creates a shortened URL ( ala TinyURL ) for you to share on Twitter , Facebook , et al .
But there 's a twist to this URL shortener :
When your friends click on that URL , they 'll see the Web page you want to share , plus whatever clever caption you assign to it .
You need to have a quick conversation with multiple co-workers .
Except some of them are working from home , the lucky bastards .
Rather than try to get all your various IM services to cooperate in creating a multi-person chatroom that probably wo n't work anyway , jump on TinyChat and make an instant chat room that even supports audio and video .
You spend all day crafting cleverness in 140 characters or less and have the admiration of tens , if not hundreds of readers !
But what happens if Twitter were to go away tomorrow ?
You 'd lose all that pithy genius .
TweetBackup to the rescue :
It does what it says , backing - up thousands of posts ( well , 3,200 of them at least ) and your friends list for free .
Just like Meebo brings the power of IM aggregation to your browser , so Seesmic does for Twitter .
The Web - based Twitter client sports a multi-column view that 's similar to the Seesmic or TweetDeck desktop apps , and makes it easy to keep up with your Twitter feed .
Fun
by and
You know what 's awesome ?
Thinking it 's Thursday when it 's really Friday .
Or the light turning green just as you get to the intersection .
Or placing the last piece of the puzzle .
This happy blog does n't have 997 more awesome things just yet , but it counts down another bite of awesomeness every weekday .
And that 's awesome !
If you 've wronged someone , you should probably clear the air with them ASAP , or at least with your preferred form of clergy .
If that is n't enough , though , you can appeal to the anonymous masses of the Internet .
Post on Apology Center about the hearts you 've broken or the couches you 've stained , and if you 're sincere enough , you might be forgiven .
Oh , what horrors the Sears Photo Studio has wrought !
If you 've ever starred in a photo where everyone in your family is wearing the same stupid T - shirt , you could have your few minutes of Internet fame on this blog .
This crazy site is a collection of multi-angle videos of DJs spinning at popular clubs around the world , with an annotated progress bar so you can comment or tag different songs in the set .
[ email protected ]
TV wo n't appeal to everyone , but we 're including it in our list for two reasons :
1 ) If you 're into house music , it 'll be your new favorite site ; 2 ) We desperately want a site like this for live rock shows .
This social network site for readers features a recommendation engine and user reviews geared toward finding you a good book to read next .
Remember that old grade - school game , Telephone ?
Broken Picture Telephone is a Web - based version of it , and lets players alternate between writing words and drawing clever pictures to transmit the original clue .
There are a lot of sites , like Songza and Skreemr , that let you stream whatever song you want ; Grooveshark is probably the best , though .
It 's got a slick UI , has a multi- faceted search function , and lets you make playlists of just about any song you can think of .
It might seem like a throwback , but we still love browsing through sites of beautiful , free desktop wallpaper art .
And InterfaceLIFT is one of our faves .
Pick your wallpaper for any screen size , including mobile devices and dual - or triple - monitor setups .
People put some weird stuff up for sale on Craigslist .
Just think , you might never know that a papier - mâché boot with a map of Middle Earth even existed if you never visited Item Not As Described .
Shorpy is not a photo site for the LOLcats crowd .
This blog features retro photographs taken between 1850 and 1950 .
Get a glimpse of what the world was like before camera phonesor any phones !
Come the cruel light of morning , you may look at your phone and wonder why your friend sent you a message like " I wish everyone could be as happy as the people in the laxative commercials . "
Submit that bit of SMS poetry to the oft - hilarious and frequently filthy Texts from Last Night , where it can live anonymously with others of its kind .
Reading the different personalities on this movie / culture review site is akin to hanging out in your nerdy friend 's basement - and we mean that in the best way .
These guys have their own language of inside jokes , a cast of regular commenters , and they know all the same movie and gaming trivia you do .
All it takes is one buzz of the needle to lead to a lifetime of regret .
And all it takes is one snap of the camera to let that regret be splashed across the Internet .
Ugliest Tattoos does exactly what its name indicates , showing off a gallery of poor life choices .
The Web client version of the WorldWide Telescope project puts the entire known universe right into your browser window .
The site lets you travel around Earth , space , and other planets , sight - seeing via photos from ground - and space - based telescopes .
Do n't take this site too seriously , though it could be quite useful .
Youshouldhaveseenthis.com is a primer of the 100 Web memes you should definitely , absolutely have already seen by now .
E-mail the URL to your parents , or to that one guy in the office who always forwards two - year - old links .
Info
by
Scholars and professors from top U.S. universities such as Harvard , Standford , Yale , and more offer up free video lectures on a large spectrum of subjects on Academic Earth .
Why drive when you can ride ?
This social network for bicycle enthusiasts offers up biking routes in more than 40 countries .
DestinationRX aims to simplify the world of health insurance and prescription drugs with a number of handy online tools , like a pricing calculator for figuring out what your medications should cost .
When it comes to choosing a hotel on the other side of the world , pictures and words often are n't much help .
Hotel Video Review offers exactly what it suggests in a number of cities .
The content is a bit lacking at the moment , but hopefully it 'll fill out before we take our next trip .
If you 're feeling indecisive about that next big trip , Joobili can help .
You give the site a window for your trip , and it'll tell you what events are going on in that country .
We like the idea - and design - a lot , but we wish they 'd fill out their database a bit more .
Track your government representatives the way you track your favorite celebrities ( it 's probably more important ) .
Legistalker provides a way to keep tabs on politicians in the media and on YouTube and Twitter .
Let 's face it , The New York Times just does n't get you , does it ?
MeeHive lets users build customized online newspapers based on their personal interests .
Worried that someone else will grab the journeyfan5757 username on your favorite social networking site ?
NameChk cross checks usernames across 122 sites , from the obvious ( Facebook , MySpace , YouTube ) to the more obscure ( Fanpop , BallHype , This Next ) .
These days it seems like online musical transcription is limited to homemade guitar tabs .
Petrucci Music
Library , thankfully , turns that concept on its ear , offering up tens of thousands of public - domain sheet - music downloads .
Smart History is like an interactive , multi-media art history book , covering artistic movements from ancient cultures through today .
Hey , what do you know , it 's a Web design site that 's actually nice to look at !
Smashing offers tips and tricks for a wide variety of languages and platforms , while thriving on feedback from its informed readership .
Now here 's a resource site we can all get behind : Still Tasty lets you know whether to keep or toss that food on your shelf .
Rot or not ?
Tributes offers an extensive listing of deceased persons , including both celebrities and regular folks .
Pay tribute to a friend , loved one , or someone you never met with an online tribute , and rest easy with the knowledge that you wo n't pass on without at least an Internet presence .
Got money to burn ?
Did n't think so .
Wise Bread is a blog that helps readers " live large on a small budget . "
Check out a treasure trove of some of the world 's most important artifacts from 8,000 B.C. to 2009 A.D. World Digital Library features high - res images and a plethora of information on a number of priceless treasures , maps , and documents .
Shopping
by
If you 're a guy , and you like stuff , you 'll probably like The Awesomer , a repository of awesome products attuned to the masculine set .
The Awesomer 's offerings tend toward the techie and geeky , but among the video games , gadgets , and tool kits , you 'll even find some fashion to keep you looking awesome .
If your 1979 Pontiac Trans
Am is making strange noises like it 's haunted by angry ghosts , you could take it to a mechanic , or you could go to CarComplaints .com to see if it's a common ailment and how much it might cost to fix .
The site has a database of complaints searchable by make , model , and year , and even has special sections for the worst and most amusing complaints .
We know .
You might just die if you can't get the exact same sneakers you saw Shia LeBoeuf wearing in those paparazzi photos .
Fret no more , because Coolspotters ID 's the products the bright and beautiful are wearing and using .
Even if you 're not famous , you can wear sunglasses like you are .
Everything is better if you get it for free .
Giveaway of the Day is a site that surprise , surprise ! gives away free licensed software every day .
Not a trial version or a limited release , just full versions of software , free , every day .
And if you 're a gamer , you can check out Game Giveaway of the Day for the same deal  but with games !
If you 're looking for a site to help you buy disposable Styrofoam beer cozies and as many products containing high - fructose corn syrup as possible , GoodGuide is not what you 're looking for .
What it is good for , though , is finding ratings and deals on a variety of safe , healthy , and green products .
Despite its name , HotPads.com is not your resource for natural relief of back pain , it 's a real - estate resource !
Just enter in your ZIP code and you 'll find a handy map full of listings for rentals , sales , foreclosures , and even vacation rentals and hotels .
Sometimes the price of a getaway is more important than the destination .
Just tell Voyij what airport you want to leave from and it'll provide you with a list of the cheapest flights going anywhere .
For the absolute best deals , leave your travel dates flexible , too .
Tech
by
With the Apple AppStore exploding with new apps every day , a site like 148 Apps is critical for finding the good stuff to put on your iPhone .
The site rates and reviews iPhone apps , so you 'll know you 're getting your 99 cents ' worth when you download a new app .
If you use your iPhone for business , check out its sister site , 148Apps.biz
Who has money to spend on software nowadays ?
Skip the pricey software packages with AlternativeTo , which lets you search for free software alternatives .
The site makes it easy to find free replacements for Photoshop , Dreamweaver , Nero , Microsoft Office , and just about any other Windows , Mac , Linux , or online application .
The new Federal IT Dashboard tracks how federal money is being spent on U.S. infrastructure updates and government IT projects .
You can track spending by department ( Health and Human Services , for instance , or Department of Defense ) and see how good each department is at staying within project deadlines and budgets .
Engadget founders / alums Peter Rojas and Ryan Block just launched a new site that - surprise !- encourages you to indulge your gadget obsessions .
Search for your gadget of interest , and then join the online discussion about it , or start your own .
You can also enter your gadget inventory , and rate your favorite ( or least favorite ) devices .
Drool over pictures of the coolest PC mods at Modders - Inc .
You 'll be amazed at all the weird designs , and , should you be so inspired , the site offers tips and tools for doing your own case mods .
TechVi provides quick analysis of the day's hot tech news via Skype interviews with leading technology journalists .
It 's a quick , easy way to keep tabs on what 's going on in the technology industry from day to day .
Though you might want to keep track of what video games your kids are playing , it can feel impossible to actually do so .
What They Play makes it easy , by reviewing games from a parents ' perspective , and giving you the gory / steamy details about the violent / sexual content in a particular game .
By Denise Winterman
BBC News Magazine
Former boxing world champion Chris Eubank is having his teeth fixed and hopes it will cure his lisp .
But is a speech impediment a barrier to success ?
Churchill , Newton , Darwin , Eubank - can you spot the odd one out ?
If you 're talking about speech impediments then there is n't one , they all had or have one .
But in case of former boxing world champion Chris Eubank , not for much longer .
He is spending £ 30,000 on getting his teeth fixed and hopes it will cure his pronounced lisp .
" Before long nobody will be able to accuse me of having a lisp , " he says .
James Alexander Gordon 's voice has been his career
For a man who goes to great lengths to stand out from the crowd - note his penchant for tweeds , monocles and seven - tonne articulated lorries - it seems a strange move .
After all , his lisp is one of the things he is best known for .
But his expensive dental work suggests he is still conscious of it at the age of 42 .
And judging by the bad puns in the papers ' coverage of the news , he has good reason .
So how do you deal with a speech impediment ?
We will never really know with Charles Darwin and Isaac Newton , but we do know their stutters certainly did n't hold them back professionally .
The same can be said of Winston Churchill , he defined history with his words and actions - not his stammer .
Jonathan Ross famously cannot pronounce his Rs , a phonetic difficulty that is technically known as rhotacism .
It has n't affected his multi-million pound career as a chat - show host and presenter , but it 's definitely one of the things that defines him in the public eye .
For James Alexander Gordon it was a case of tackling it head on and overcoming it .
As a child he suffered from slurred speech , a condition known as dysarthria , but it did n't stop wanting to be a radio presenter .
' Sobbing '
He has been the voice of the football results on BBC radio for over three decades , and his voice is so distinctive students in Sweden use it to practise their inflection .
" Speech therapists did n't even exist back then but I had two strong - willed parents who drove me on , " he says .
" I loved language and sounds from an early age and was encouraged to read and speak all the time .
This love meant overcoming my impediment was a challenge , but never horrid or a chore .
SPEECH PROBLEMS Apraxia - Unable to consistently and correctly say what you mean Cluttering - Repeating syllables or phrases multiple times Dysprosody - Changes in the intensity , rhythm , cadence and intonation of words Rhotacism - Difficulty pronouncing Rs Selective Mutism - Unable to speak in certain situations Source : Speech Disorder " I just kept at it and it took a combination of the mental and physical to succeed .
Because of the support of my family I never thought I would n't get rid of my slurred speech , it did n't enter my head .
" The first time I read the news on BBC radio my parents were listening at home .
My father disappeared from the room and my mother found him sobbing in their bedroom .
He said ' the wee bugger has done it ' .
He was proud and I 'm proud of what I 've overcome and achieved . "
Specialists are quick to point out there is a wide array of speech impediments and communication disabilities , and like any spectrum some are more severe than others .
The causes are also varied and complex .
Some people are born with them , while others acquire them because of anything from a stroke to acute shyness .
In some cases specialists simply do n't understand why they happen .
' Comfort zones '
But every day , millions of people in the UK are coping with speech impediments which impact on every area of their lives .
" It 's inevitable because speaking is the way we conduct relationships and a way we get across our emotions and feelings , " says Melanie Derbyshire , chief executive of the charity Speakability .
" Relationships are involved in nearly everything we do . "
For some people accepting their impediment is a large part of coping with it .
From there , techniques and exercises can help them manage or lessen it .
Jaik Campbell says stuttering makes him a better comic Jaik Campbell has always had a stammer and it was actually speech therapy that made him take up stand - up comedy .
It 's something he says he might never have done if things had been different .
" I had speech therapy to tackle my severe stammer and it encourages you to push your comfort zones and speak as much as you can , " he says .
" We 'd go out with our teacher and have to ask strangers for directions , things like that .
I just took it to the extreme . "
He explains his stutter to the audience as part of his act , but it 's not central to it .
While it has n't hindered his career , he says some venues are wary of booking him because they are unsure what to expect .
In his opinion stuttering has made him a better comedian .
" Some venues are worried I will stutter so badly I wo n't be able to get much out of my mouth , " he says .
" But I have coping strategies , like learning my material word for word .
I think that makes me better at what I do because I know my act inside out .
I 've seen comedians without a speech impediment try to wing it and completely bomb . "
' Exhausting '
But he feels he has also experienced discrimination .
He 's been turned down for lots of jobs and was even asked if he was cold and needed the heating turned up in one interview because of his stammering .
He says talking about speech impediments is important as , once people understand , a lot of the pressure is off the person who has it and who they are talking to .
However , for many people their speech impediment is always on their mind and influences nearly everything they do .
Eubank is known for his eccentric choice of transport Gail Thretton suffers from cluttering , when syllables or phrases are repeated multiple times literally leaving a person 's speech cluttered with words " The reality is my speech problems are on my mind all the time and I adapt my behaviour constantly and avoid situations , " she says .
" I try to explain my problem to people , but it 's just exhausting doing that all of the time .
If I 'm not having a good day I just do n't go out so I do n't have to mix with strangers .
" I can laugh at my problem and see the funny side of it , but sometimes I just do n't want to .
It 's not such a giggle if you live with it day and night . "
Maybe in the case of Eubank , who on occasion has played along with the media 's jokes about his lisp , he 's had enough of people laughing at him and not with him .
Below is a selection of your comments .
My children went through years of speech therapy when they were at primary school to stop them lisping or using wobbly ' R's .
However did presenters like Jonathan Ross or Carol Thatcher get jobs - they just set a bad example to our children !
June , Evesham Jaik 's and Gail 's comments ring so true .
I have a slight stammer which I manage in the same way as them .
It can be exhausting and my brain is working overtime to think of different ways of saying the same thing to avoid " hard " sounds such as those starting with " a " or " f " .
I do n't think it 's held me back but i've learned to develop a thick skin !
Dom Corcoran , Wiltshire June , how on earth are presenters with speech impediments a bad example ?
Surely it demonstrates that something which is looked on as a disability to some people , is actually a very minor thing and should not hold you back .
Would you prefer a world where only people who spoke proper Queen 's English were allowed to be seen and heard ?
Good grief , woman !
Rhi McCrorie , Ipswich
My mother is profoundly deaf , and therefore " inherited " her speech patterns , which meant that I spoke with a pronounced lisp .
It was n't until attending school that it became clear that I spoke differently I was bullied and suffered considerable derision by my school mates which made my life a misery .
Speech therapy helped considerably , but even now , in my mid 50's , if I 'm tired or have a had a couple of drinks , my lisp reappears , and if it gets remarked on , all those old feelings return .
Perhaps I 'm too sensitive .
Chris Eubank should do whatever makes his life happier .
Bob Harrison , Halstead , Kent I have always enjoyed the rich and diverse manner in which people speak .
Sadly there are those in our society who bully those who they consider to have some form of speech imperfection .
I get very frustrated with individuals who complain they can't understand someone .
Listening is a skill we are all capable of refining .
We should make more effort to listen to what others have to say rather than fussing about how they say it .
Norm , Derby / United Kingdom
It is about time people realise how much we have to suffer due to this .
Like Gail , every syllable I say I have to really think about the pronunciation , otherwise it comes out too quick and sounds wrong .
I can get really frustrated with this but knowing that people overcome it ( in a work sense ) can give you confidence .
But with Eubank paying 30 k , he should be ok .
But not everyone has that money spare .
We still have to receive the jokes , the looks , everyday .
And the NHS wo n't fund it .
Jamie Burton , Bristol June , I read your comment and my eyes filled up .
I had a slight lisp as a child and still have a slightly sibilent 's ' as an adult .
I 'm so sad that you think that TV presenters who have n't had their speech ' fixed ' are a bad example .
On the contrary I think they are a fabulous example .
Ros , London Good on Jaik .
Having a stammer and being a stand up comedian - now that shows real guts .
As a life long stammerer and an even longer fan of stand up comedy I am truly impressed .
Andrew Booth , Oldham , UK
My son has a lisp and I think it 's lovely .
He 's always had it but I think he only does it because he 's lazy .
He CAN speak without it if he concentrates hard enough .
I would n't want him to change it though ; it 's just part of him .
Anyway he 's worn braces top and bottom and it did n't make any difference to his lisp after dental treatment .
Julie , Liverpool
In the 70 ' , when I was a child , I was left with a stammer following an accident .
My mother patiently listened and on occasions when I could n't get me words out she calmly asked me to stop , think and then speak .
She also taught me to speak with a rhythm .
I no longer have the stammer .
Patrick B , Cardiff
The great Irish humourist , Patrick Campbell , appeared on Call My Bluff on the BBC in spite of a dreadful stammer .
He also used it to hilarious effect in his Sunday Times articles and even one of his books was titled " P - p - p- patrick Campbell " !
Allan , Crewe I was born with my speech impediments but I have managed to cope with it .
But is not all that easy as words are always taken from your month .
I personal have faced a lot of discrimination because of my speech impediments in regards to jobs interview and asking for something in a public places .
You are look strangely , as if you are some kind of an alien .
I think society should be educated as we are not all the same .
Rexford Oppong , London
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Tags
Can the monetary system regulate itself , or does it require oversight by government regulators ?
According to Lawrence H. White , who gave a lecture entitled " Can the Monetary System Regulate Itself ? " at Rhodes College this past March the answer to the first question is " yes " and the answer to the second question is " no . " [ 1 ]
According to Professor
White , who was until recently the F.A. Hayek Professor of Economic History at the University of Missouri - Saint Louis and who will join the faculty at George Mason University this fall , theory and history provide a strong case for a free market in money and banking .
The idea that a monetary system can regulate itself has a long tradition in economics and appears in the work of Adam Smith and David Hume .
Both believed that the price mechanism would prevent money shortages .
This stands in contrast to the ideas of 17th - and 18th - century European mercantilism .
According to the mercantilists , the wealth of nations consisted of its stock of gold and silver reserves .
In the minds of the mercantilists , the way to for a country to get rich was to encourage exports ( which earn gold and silver ) and to discourage imports .
However , according to the " price - specie flow mechanism " identified by Hume prices adjust to ensure a balance of imports and exports .
In his March 9 lecture at Rhodes , Professor White pointed out that today 's crisis is an artifact of the highly regulated monetary system .
He proposed that banking deregulation would reduce exposure to external shocks and increase rather than decrease stability .
White cited his research on the history of banking in Scotland to provide evidence that the banking system can correct itself without government intervention .
Specifically , he argued that a market with private note - issuing banks has built - in mechanisms to constrain monetary over - expansion .
According to White , vigilant internal monitoring would be vital to a bank 's ability to weather external storms , and the prospect of failure would provide banks with the incentive they need to be prudent stewards of their depositors ' funds .
Therefore , government intervention in the monetary system is superfluous when it is not destructive .
The self - correcting tendency of an unregulated market for money suggests that it is time to reconsider whether we need the Federal Reserve .
The unregulated system 's alleged susceptibility to bank runs is also over - stated .
One of the most important reasons for bank failure is not bank runs but bad loan decisions : Professor
White demonstrated that government loan guarantees and government willingness to bail out failing banks have in fact encouraged risky loaning behavior .
Though the Federal Reserve aims to promote monetary and economic stability , they distort interest rates , worsen inflation , and cause business cycles by printing money .
In Scotland , as Professor White pointed out , people still use private bank notes issued by independent banks .
These banks succeed in the market not through government regulation but by promoting the use of their notes ( in order to promote their business , for example , they set up many ATM machines and charge no fee for withdrawal of their notes ) .
Canada 's experience during the Great Depression also gives us reason to doubt the wisdom of monetary intervention .
Canada has historically had low levels of government intervention and an unregulated banking system .
Professor
White noted that people did not run on Canadian banks in the same way that they ran on American banks during the Great Depression .
In part , this was due to the absence of branch banking restrictions that prevented American banks from diversifying their risks .
The Canadian banking system adjusted to new market conditions and did not undergo the protracted crisis that occurred in the United States .
Professor
White 's lecture showed that , historically , a free - market approach to the banking industry is less prone to crises and operates efficiently through the invisible hand of the market .
From the ideas of David Hume and Adam Smith , through the experience of banking systems in Scotland and Canada , we can see that the case for government intervention in the monetary system has been overstated .
[ bio ]
See his [ AuthorArchive ] .
Comment on the blog .
You can subscribe to future articles by [ AuthorName ] via this [ RSSfeed ] .
READER COMMENTS ON
" Inspectors General Report on Bush Domestic Spy Program Finally Released "
( 37 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... Bluebear2 said on 7/10/2009 @ 6:01 pm PT ...
Unclassifed version of Congressionally - mandated report indicates very few in Bush WH , DoJ knew about unprecedented surveillance of American citizens Something about that statement led me to believe Bush and all did n't know .
On the third read I got the implication of the sentence .
Maybe " only a few " would fit better .
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 7/10/2009 @ 6:26 pm PT ...
Bush may not have known , BlueBear ... Still trying to plow through the report ...
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... Axey said on 7/10/2009 @ 8:45 pm PT ...
Imagine --- just imagine --- the outrage we'd be hearing from every side of the Rightwing blogo - mediasphere if the report [ PDF ] , just out today from the Inspectors General of five different U.S. intelligence agencies , found that President Obama was carrying out a clandestine " Presidential Surveillance Program " that only he , a handful in the White House , and just two or three officials at the DoJ were aware of .
I 'll wait until you have had a chance to read the entire 43 pages but I 'll tell you now you are going to be shocked to learn that Pelosi and Bob Graham were aware of it from the beginning .
It really is shocking how many people knew about it and it was n't until 2005 it was leaked .
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... Axey said on 7/10/2009 @ 8:48 pm PT ...
It 's kind of amusing how much Pelosi actually knew and pretends she did n't know .
I wonder how she will spin this one ?
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... Axey said on 7/10/2009 @ 8:52 pm PT ...
Oh , and Bush knew .
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 7/10/2009 @ 9:00 pm PT ...
Axey : your same old defense of " your guys " , the Republicans , is simply to point out that other Democrats ( might have ) done the same thing .
That 's not a defense !
That 's 2nd grade nonsense !
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 7/10/2009 @ 9:01 pm PT ...
And it 's turning out that Pelosi was right about the CIA lying !
If you want to distract by bringing up other things .
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 7/10/2009 @ 9:03 pm PT ...
Axey : your response the other day to the Bridge to Nowhere was that Obama & others voted for it , too .
Stop using the same old " non " defense .
" I broke the lamp , Mommy , but Timmy broke the vacuum the other day ! "
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 7/10/2009 @ 9:04 pm PT ...
So let 's never discuss anything anymore !
And just point out that others have done it , too !
And never have a subject anymore !
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 7/10/2009 @ 9:06 pm PT ...
A classic rightwing tactic , is whenever a Republican does anything wrong , bring up Clinton .
Or bring up Chappaquiddick .
Which is really no defense at all , if you were in a court of law .
If you were in a court of law , you could n't say : " Well , HE did it , too ! "
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... the zapkitty said on 7/11/2009 @ 3:47 am PT ...
The real takeaway from this is that the report tries its very hardest to be a whitewash ... and is still so very damning in so many ways .
Secret programs that Congress , including Pelosi , was never informed of ... the DoJ being set up to automatically self - certify an unending reign of terror threats in order to justify an equally unending reign of limitless and warrantless wiretaps ... and not only does the report not absolve Bush , it states that Bush was so involved that he personally ordered the shakedown of the hospitalized Comey ... funny how Gonzales could never quite recall that last little fact ...
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... mick said on 7/11/2009 @ 3:53 am PT ...
Once upon a time there was a great country called A ......., it was based on " laws " and no man was " above " the law , then a great plan was hatched to pervert the law .
A puppet of no intelligence was to be put in the position of authority but he was only the cover for what was really happening .
The citizens so indoctrinated into believing that A ....... was the greatest country on the planet refused to see the truth , some saw what was happening .
Their cries were lost in the shout of " anti A ....... " , " unpatriotic " ... Unimagined wealth was stolen from the people .
Good people , hard working people , people so busy with surviving , keeping their jobs , keeping their homes , keeping their families .
Then a man come along promising " Change " but he was only a " slogan " , he kept the servants of the " puppet of no intelligence " , left them in their positions .
Soon the people realized that they had been deceived but it was too late .
He tried to give the people health care but even thou the rest of the world could do it for their citizens .
The Lobbyist stopped it from happening , their " people " made to much money to risk universal health care from reaching the people .
He tried to create jobs but the Corporations shipped more jobs off shore than the country could create .
Profit for a handful of people trumped the well being of the citizens of A ......
The " puppet of no intelligence " was only a symptom .
The disease continues ...
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 7/11/2009 @ 3:59 am PT ...
What about this article ?
2007 : Sloppy Tradecraft exposes CIA drug plane ; “ Cocaine One ” saga studiously ignored in the American press http://www.madcowprod.com/10092007.html
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 7/11/2009 @ 4:08 am PT ...
EU Officials : Investigate CIA Plane Used
in Renditions Caught with 4 Tons of Cocaine How did 100 drug planes escape U.S. scrutiny ?
A $ 300 Million heist with next to no news coverage http://www.madcowprod.com/09102008.html
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 7/11/2009 @ 4:10 am PT ...
... what Mick said ...
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 7/11/2009 @ 4:48 am PT ...
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... Cosimo diRondo said on 7/11/2009 @ 5:37 am PT ...
Seems I recall a Clinton spying program that rethugs were ( rightfully ) outraged against .
Too bad .
By their current logic , if only Clinton has been allowed to continue it , maybe we'd have prevented 9/11 .
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... another joe said on 7/11/2009 @ 6:04 am PT ...
A $ 300 Million heist with next to no news coverage Tens of BILLIONS disappeared in Iraq , totally unaccounted for .
This " news " was promptly shoved down the memory hole by the mainstream media .
The same lying liars that proclaimed what a " special " and qualified candidate the chimp was when he emerged from virtually no where in 1999 as the dominant repug .
And that chimpy " won " in 2000 and that we should " get over it " .
That a ragtime group with box cutters defeated the most sophisticated national security and airline security systems in the world , all mastermind by a nemesis in a cave on a dialysis machine .
There were WMD in Iraq and Saddam was a threat to this nation .
That chimpy was " re-elected " in 2004 , earning " political capital " that he was going to " spend " - in fact , the second stolen election with the margin of " victory " the thinnest of thin .
All of the above was used to destroy our Constitution and Bill of Rights .
It was used to loot the federal treasury .
It is also all what this illegal domestic spy program is all about .
It is still going on .
And Obama has backed the secrecy up and threatening to veto a bill that seeks to make the CIA accountable .
" Yes We Can " has turned into " No I Won't " !
COMMENT # 19 [ Permalink ]
... BlueHawk said on 7/11/2009 @ 7:55 am PT ...
Obama got elected because it seemed THERE WAS NO OTHER CHOICE .
What do they call a government where the choices for the people are very limited in " elections " ... those countries are called " puppet governments " , " totalitarian states " or fascist states - oligarcies etc etc .
Well ladies and gentlemen ... Obama seems to be the latest puppet of the corporate - fascist - totalitarian - oligarcical United States of America .
The Reagan revolution was exactly that ... a revolt by corporate America against the " We the People " government .
Reagan laid the groundwork for the corporate overthrow of the American representative democracy .
Reagan said " government does n't work " and then he set out to bankrupt the treasury , nullify the political opposition as " un-American " and weak , and instill fear of true Democracy .
Reagan 's regressive stance against civil rights and Roosevelt 's New Deal along with dismantling Johnson 's war against poverty and Great Society were applauded by regressive , ignorant " Reagan Democrats " whom Reagan also screwed over by destroying unionism and picking the middle classes pockets .
Tax cuts for the rich were actually wealth being distributed upward to the " nobility " .
Bush Sr and Clinton simply kept Reagan 's plan in place ... and W Bush 's administration put those policies on steroids and smothered American democracy to death .
Now Obama is the first President to preside over a defeated nation ... America is defeated economically , the people have no economic power anymore , America is defeated politically because politcal power has been handed over to corporations .
America is defeated morally because fear has replaced optimism and care for one another .
Starting with Reagan ; Americans stopped co-operating with each other and started competing with each other .
That tore at the cohesiveness that makes communites and ultimately countries ...
Obama is the smiley face that covers the corporate wolf who has raped and pillaged American wealth and pride .
Ladies and Gentlemen welcome to post revolution America .
Democracy is history .
You now live in a Wall Street - Bank - Corporate fascist state .
Where do we go from here ?
I do n't know .
But I do know that we must first realize what the reality is before we can act .
COMMENT # 20 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 7/11/2009 @ 2:01 pm PT ...
That 's if " Reagan Democrats " were n't a media fabrication .
Like PUMA and that whole thing .
What was that Rush Limbaugh fabrication ?
Operation something or other ?
COMMENT # 21 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 7/11/2009 @ 2:03 pm PT ...
Operation CHAOS , where hoards of Republican voters were going to register as Democrats and vote Obama out of the primary ?
Was that it ?
COMMENT # 22 [ Permalink ]
... Jeannie Dean said on 7/11/2009 @ 2:10 pm PT ...
(#19 ) Well done , Bluehawk .
Perfect , in fact .
COMMENT # 23 [ Permalink ]
... Steve said on 7/11/2009 @ 2:50 pm PT ...
Blackhawk # 19 , I agree with Jeannie Dean regarding your post - very impressive .
If you do n't mind , I am going to copy your post to an e-mail ( with proper credit ) to send to some of the complacent Obama supporters on my " progressive " ( ha ! ) e-mail list .
Most of them probably already think I 'm just a radical rabble rouser so no harm in rattling their cages .
COMMENT # 24 [ Permalink ]
... Jeannie Dean said on 7/11/2009 @ 3:30 pm PT ...
And I 'd like to share your fine micro-essay with my boyfriend 's uber - conservative parents who keep honking on mightily about Obama 's creeping Socialsim .
This simply stymies me .
They can't ( or wo n't ) address : " ... Tax cuts for the rich were actually wealth being distributed upward to the ' nobility '.. "
Righto , BH !!
O , The Mendacity !
What a helluva shell game .
And people are actually embracing this ' socialism as cataclysm ' , propaganda - dross as their scary new group think ; their agenda of agida and creepy collective call to arms .
They will also fail ( or refuse ) to acknowledge the laws passed ( by Clinton ? ) re : corporate " personhood " and " welfare " and all the other ways every single president and policy maker since Reagan has stripped it 's citizenry of participation in it 's own governance .
All these pesky facts that have had more dramatic effect on their lives , income , and taxing status than all the Mexicans NOT in Mexico --- and yet they stomp on in their woefully misplaced , indignant rage .
" .. America is defeated politically because politcal power has been handed over to corporations .
America is defeated morally because fear has replaced optimism and care for one another . "
Wonderfully heady , steady , dead - on stuff .
COMMENT # 25 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 7/11/2009 @ 3:34 pm PT ...
" So let 's never discuss anything anymore !
And just point out that others have done it , too !
And never have a subject anymore ! "
I am actually reaching that point now .
Everything is such a " psyop mind fuck " now .
Our rants and complaints fall on corrupt lawless deaf ears .
And now the internet is beginning to be attacked full swing .
What 's the point anymore ?
Lately I been more busy trying to secure my own computers than trying to research the propaganda and lies we are told on a daily basis .
Might as well take the Constitution , the Public Vote , the Media , our Financial system , the Internet and drop them into a giant food processor , then pour the contents out on a dirty greasy garage floor with metal shavings and glass , then mop it up with a 20 year old stinking mop using the filthy toilet as a mop bucket never flushing the waste water out but refilling it with piss instead .
I can probably guess what the spy program is .
You do n't need to expose secrets .
What freaking secrets could there be ?
Think about it , they spy on anything and everything they can , using any technique from 2600 Magazine , to lock picking to hacking to the Jolly Rodger handbook , to germ warfare to get what they want .
So if you do n't want to be snooped on , do n't go out , do n't look up , EM shield your stuff , Vaccume insulate your sleep space against sound weapons , do n't use the phone , web , radio , etc .
Do n't buy legal guns , do n't use banks , do n't smoke , do n't get sick and on and on and on ...
If I had the legal authority to snoop using anything with no laws that 's what I would do .
FUCK THE STATE SECRETS SHIT .
But you already know I swore a military oath against all that fucking nonsense .
So I guess I am their enemy .
What 's the worst that can happen ?
They can kill me and my family .
You want an invisible enemy ?
No you do n't cause they are the worst kind of enemy .
Watch your backs ...
COMMENT # 26 [ Permalink ]
... BlueHawk said on 7/11/2009 @ 3:35 pm PT ...
Comments 22 - 23
Thank you Jeannie Dean ... I too was on the Obama train ... to say he 's disappointed me is a huge understatement .
I too thought Obama was finally the progressive / liberal President to restore sanity after 25 - 30 years of right wing insanity ...
But as I said in my post ... what choice did we really have ?
Steve ... please be my guest ...
COMMENT # 27 [ Permalink ]
... Jeannie Dean said on 7/11/2009 @ 3:44 pm PT ...
Socialism = " giving my hard - earned money away to people poorer than me " - deplorable and un-American .
Captalism = " giving my money away to people richer than me who will then ship my job overseas to exploit cheap wages and then find loopholes to not pay taxes on their profits , misplace the money , or just blow it all in one bank bailout " - the backbone of Democracy and the Heart of Free Trade .
COMMENT # 28 [ Permalink ]
... BlueHawk said on 7/11/2009 @ 4:03 pm PT ...
Throughout American history , especially in the last century Liberals / Progressives have been the watchers of economic justice , free speech , civil and human rights and the environment .
It was liberal / progressives that protected the people from the corporate big foot and exploitation of the people .
Almost immediately after Reagan 's election ... conservatives started spitting out the word * liberal * or * leftist * like those viewpoints were enemies that needed to be eradicated .
It was a long term corporate media driven campaign to discredit and then marginalize liberalism .
The coup de ' grace ' was when the media consolidated under corporate control ... the right wing now had a media echo chamber to pump out lies and obfuscations of the truth ... Americans became programmed day after day , week after week year after year , of right wing propagandizing - programming .
Americans accepted falsehoods as facts , history was revised to reflect only right wing / corporate values and those that questioned authority were smeared and slandered as unpatriotic and unAmerican .
The supposed journalists whose purpose it was to inform us and report facts for us to make judgements on ... that media became simple mouthpieces for the corporate / rightwing agenda ... and we as a people were thoroughly programmed to accept whatever we were told .
We as a people became fearful of our own judgements and looked to authoritarian ( right wing ) figures to tell us what to think and feel .
Folks ... it's 1984 ...
We 're living in a * double speak * world of perpetual war and accepted poverty as our fate ; and Big brother gives us our 2 minute hates ( usually against a liberal or truth teller ) ...
I said earlier that I do n't know where we go from here ... I think maybe just being better informed critical thinkers is a start ... stop buying the bullshit .
I include myself in that plea .
Places like Bradblog are great for exchanging democratic ideas and ofr us as a whole to cypher the truth out of the lies we 're told ... Kudos to Brad ...
COMMENT # 29 [ Permalink ]
... Jeannie Dean said on 7/11/2009 @ 4:05 pm PT ...
See , no .
During the primaries I never thought Obama was anything more than his Senate voting record indicated - a very clever and articulate centrist .
For the record , he won my vote , as I ( and many here at Bradblog ) were mortified we would once again see a manipulated game .
And I have to say , while I share your disappointments , he is governing exactly the way I expected him to .
In some cases , exactly the way he said he would .
And in every case , far better than I believe Hillary could ever dream .
I am among the voters born after 1970 , who until 2008 never voted for President when there was n't a Clinton or a Bush on the ticket .
I 'm so disgusted with all of those ass - clowns it sometimes gives me ringworm .
On my forehead .
I was actually Ron Paul / Dennis Kucinich gal ; all dressed up with no way to vote .
I was crest - fallen by the way they were both utterly disposed of by the corporate media .
' Chuck Todd ' is a four - letter word in my house .
Thanks for permission to repost .
Should I credit it to " Blue Hawk " ?
COMMENT # 30 [ Permalink ]
... BlueHawk said on 7/11/2009 @ 4:07 pm PT ...
Comment # 27 ... Jeannie Dean EXACTLY !
COMMENT # 31 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 7/11/2009 @ 4:07 pm PT ...
COMMENT # 32 [ Permalink ]
... BlueHawk said on 7/11/2009 @ 4:11 pm PT ...
Comment # 29 .... Jeannie Dean ...
Just share it ... credit Bluehawk if you feel like ... just get the word out .
COMMENT # 33 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 7/11/2009 @ 4:19 pm PT ...
But ... spell " oligarch " and all its sundry cognates correctly .
Oligarchy .
Oligarchies .
Oligarchical .
Thank you .
~ Miss Pelling
COMMENT # 34 [ Permalink ]
... BlueHawk said on 7/11/2009 @ 4:31 pm PT ...
Comment # 31...99 that was a very good read ... thanks
COMMENT # 35 [ Permalink ]
... BlueHawk said on 7/11/2009 @ 4:33 pm PT ...
Comment # 33 .....99 duly noted ... thanks
If I have one complaint about Bradblog ... he should include a spell - checker ...
COMMENT # 36 [ Permalink ]
... mick said on 7/11/2009 @ 7:43 pm PT ...
... BlueHawk said on 7/11/2009 @ 4:03 pm PT ... " I think maybe just being better informed critical thinkers is a start ... stop buying the bullshit .
I include myself in that plea . "
Ditto BlueHawk .
I came across a piece of investigative reporting that I think is in some ways a " bullshit " remover , it relates to 911 .
( I know 99 but I think its all connected and germane to the discussion at hand . )
It 's a quiet long and has many " links " that should be read and viewed to get a fuller understanding of the topic .
But in saying that " critical thinking " requires information and facts not time limits and word limits .
We have all got use to News in 1 or 2 minute reports but that only dumbs us down .
Anyway follow this link and follow the links it uses to support its position .
Its makes you think !
P.S. Firefox has a spell checker us an add-on .
COMMENT # 37 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 7/14/2009 @ 12:36 pm PT ...
by
About this time last year , when the national average price of gasoline was over $ 4 per gallon , many of us were obsessed with trying to squeeze as many miles as possible out of each tank of gas . Â
For a while though , as gas prices fell almost as rapidly as they climbed , many of us seemed to stop caring as much about continuing to conserve gas .
Â
After all , it ’s much easier to look the other way when it costs only $ 20 to fill up when compared to the $ 45 it cost just six months earlier .
However , with the economy continuing to crumble , the job market getting worse by the day , and money getting tighter for the average family , it seems like now would be a good time to revisit those gas saving tips we tried so hard to learn last spring and summer .
Here are the 10Â Simple Ways to Save Gas and Â Improve Gas Mileage :
Since you probably practiced some of these habit in the not so distant past , it ’ll be pretty easy for you to pick up where you left off .
Â
For those of you who are new drivers or were slow to get on the gas conservation movement , try to incorporate a couple of these tips over the next few days .
Â
I think you ’ll be surprised at both how easy these tips are to follow and how much you ’ll end up saving in the long run .
Do you have any other suggestions or tips ?
Â
Please feel free to leave a comment below !
1898 : The Winton Motor Carriage Company places a magazine advertisement cajoling readers to " dispense with a horse . "
It 's the earliest known automobile ad .
Car advertisements are looked upon by most people as being about as enjoyable as buying a car from a used car salesman .
You might think that advertising for a car is a 20th - century sort of development , something that happened round about the creation of Howdy Doody or perhaps in the pages of the Saturday Evening Post , circa 1931 .
You would , of course , be wrong .
The very first auto advertisement appeared in 1898 .
We 've been dealing with these things for more than a century .
To show you how much times have changed , the very first advertisement for an automobile was placed in , of all places , Scientific American .
Yes , the very same Scientific American that would eventually detail the work of Einstein and Fermi , and feature stories of Gary Kasparov 's thoughts on chess - playing computers :
That Scientific American saw fit to run the very first auto ad .
The Winton Motor Carriage ad first appeared in the July 30 , 1898 , issue .
Alexander Winton was a Scottish - immigrant bicycle maker who switched to building cars in 1896 and had the world 's largest auto factory by 1900 .
No , you wo n't see many Wintons running around these days .
Winton stopped producing cars in 1924 and started making stationary engines .
The firm was bought by General Motors in 1930 and became part of the Electro - Motive Corporation , still in business today .
Did * Scientific American * and Winton Motor Carriage know what they were setting in motion ?
Did they know that far too soon we would be assaulted by the likes of Cal Worthington and Jerry 's Cherries ?
A world where there 's no such thing as " the soft sell " and you feel like you got away fairly clean after paying only 2 percent more than list ?
Most assuredly not .
Scottish emigrant Alexander Winton simply wanted you to " save the expense , care and anxiety of keeping " a horse .
Instead you could drop a mere $ 1,000 on his car .
That 's about $ 26,800 in today 's money , compared to Henry Ford 's list price of $ 825 for the 1908 Model T : about $ 19,900 in current currency .
The advertisement must have worked , because Robert Allison of Port Carbon , Pennsylvania , bought a Winton after seeing the ad in Scientific American .
Later that year Winton sold a staggering 21 more vehicles , including one to James Ward Packard .
Yes , the same Packard who went on to found his own car company .
So the next time you hurriedly reach for the mute button on your remote , or grimace at the blaring full - page ad for the used car dealer down the street , remember that it all started with the Winton Motor Carriage Company and Scientific American .
Source : Various
See Also :
Rubber mallets are less likely to leave a mark .
- Frank Rosenthal ( Avery Cardoza 's Player Magazine , 2006 )
Questioning the Story :
Did Sam Rothstein manage any other casinos besides Tangiers ?
Unlike the portrayal in the movie Casino where Sam " Ace " Rothstein ( Robert De Niro ) runs only one casino , the Tangiers , in real life Frank " Lefty " Rosenthal ran four casinos simultaneously , including the Stardust , Hacienda , Fremont and Marina for the Chicago mafia .
For legal reasons , the Stardust was renamed the Tangiers in the film .
- Las Vegas Sun
Rosenthal ran The Stardust Casino , shown here during the 1970's .
Did teamsters really fund the Tangiers ?
Yes .
After being pressured by the mob , the Teamsters fund loaned the Argent Corporation , solely owned by Allen Glick , the money to buy the Stardust and other casinos .
Mr. Glick was portrayed in the movie Casino by character Philip Green ( Kevin Pollak ) .
- Online Nevada Encyclopedia
Did security really crush the hands of a cheater ?
According to Frank Rosenthal himself , yes , this did occur but not under the circumstances portrayed in the movie Casino .
The two men who were electronically signaling each other were part of a larger group that had been scamming all the casinos for an extended period of time .
The actions taken were meant as a message to the group to deter any of the others from coming back to do the same .
- Miami Herald
Did Sam and Ginger have a daughter like in the movie ?
The Casino movie true story reveals that Sam and Ginger Rothstein 's real - life counterparts , Frank and Geraldine Rosenthal , had a daughter named Stephanie and a son name Steven .
Geraldine also had a daughter from a previous relationship with her high school love , Lenny Marmor ( James Woods ' character in the movie ) .
Robin Marmor was born on December 27 , 1957 , and was eleven years old when her mother met Frank .
She was not depicted in the movie .
To learn more about Frank Rosenthal 's wife and family , read Nicholas Pileggi 's book Casino , which was the basis for the Martin Scorsese movie .
It 's back !
Nicholas Pileggi's true - to - life crime story that was the basis for the Martin Scorsese movie Casino returned to print in 2011 .
Were the lion performers Sam hired to work at the Tangiers based on Siegfried and Roy ?
Indeed they were .
When Siegfried and Roy 's contract was about to expire with a competing casino , Mr. Rosenthal ( Sam ) hired them to perform at the Stardust .
Part of the agreement was a significantly higher salary , custom dressing room and space for their animals .
" Lido de Paris Starring Siegfried and Roy " was born and so was a friendship that lasted a lifetime .
- FrankRosenthal.com
Rosenthal is shown here dining with tiger performer Roy Horn of Siegfried and Roy .
Did Nicky really get banned from every casino in Vegas ?
Yes .
In December 1979 , Tony Spilotro , the real - life Nicky Santoro , was blacklisted by the Nevada Gaming Commission , preventing him from entering any casino .
Did the real Nicky Santoro have a son ?
Yes .
In 1966 , Tony and Nancy Spilotro ( the real Nicky and Jennifer Santoro ) adopted their only son , Vincent .
- The Battle for Las Vegas : The Law vs. The Mob
Did Nicky really recruit his brother and other guys from back home to commit heists ?
Yes .
The pack was referred to as " The Hole in the Wall Gang " because they cut holes in walls and ceilings to enter their target locations .
Included in this group were his brother , Michael Spilotro , Herbert " Fat Herbie " Blitzstein , Wayne Metecki , Samuel Cusumano , Joseph Cusumano , Ernesto " Ernie " Davino , " Crazy Larry " Neumann , Salvatore " Sonny " Romano , Leonardo " Leo " Guardino , Joseph Blasko and their leader , Frank Cullotta .
Frank Cullotta is portrayed in the movie Casino by actor Frank Vincent , as Nicky Santoro 's sidekick Frankie Marino .
Tony Spilotro ( left ) and his onscreen counterpart in the movie ( right ) , portrayed by Joe Pesci .
Did they really put a rival 's head in a vise after he shot up a bar ?
Yes .
Anthony Spilotro , the basis for Joe Pesci's Nicky Santoro character , caught one of the two men who killed the Scalvo brothers without permission .
Frank Cullotta testified in the Operation Family Secrets trial that Spilotro did torture Billy McCarthy .
Spilotro told him that McCarthy was beaten and when he refused to name his accomplice , his head was put in a vise and tightened until his eyeball popped out .
At that point , he gave them Jimmy Miraglia 's name and they slit his throat .
- Sun Times
Did Nicky Santoro sleep with Sam Rothstein 's wife ?
Yes , the real Nicky Santoro , Tony Spilotro , did sleep with Frank Rosenthal 's wife , which ultimately played a part in his demise .
Nicholas Calabrese testified in the Operation Family Secrets trial in 2007 that mob hit man John Fecarotta told him that Spilotro was targeted for his affair with Rosenthal 's wife .
- Chicago Tribune
Frank Rosenthal 's wife , Geri Rosenthal ( left ) , and Sharon Stone ( right ) in the Casino movie .
Was Phillip Green 's business partner , Anna Scott , murdered in her home ?
Yes .
The real - life Anna Scott , Tamara Rand , was murdered in the kitchen of her San Diego home .
She was shot on November 9 , 1975 soon after having loan issues with her mob-tied business partner , Allen Glick .
- San Diego Reader
Was there really a Gaming Control Board investigation into Sam 's attempt to get a gaming license ?
Yes .
The real Sam , Frank Rosenthal , did have a hearing with the Nevada Gaming Control Board .
Furthermore , he argued with the chairman , the current Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , and was denied a gaming license .
In 1988 , he was officially put in the " Black Book " ( List of Persons Excluded from Licensed Gaming Establishments in the State of Nevada ) .
- Las Vegas Sun
Frank Rosenthal ( left ) and Robert De Niro ( right ) in the movie .
Did FBI agents run out of gas and land their plane on a fairway ?
According to the Casino true story , the FBI agents did land their plane on the fairway at the Las Vegas Country Club where the Rosenthals lived .
However , it was due to mechanical problems rather than a lack of fuel .
- Skimming the Las Vegas Casinos
Did the real Sam " Ace " Rothstein have his own TV show ?
Yes he did .
The Frank Rosenthal Show was taped at the Stardust and brought in many big - name guests , including Frank Sinatra , Bob Hope , Wayne Newton , Liberace and O.J. Simpson .
For those of you who are curious , he claims to have never juggled on the show .
- FrankRosenthal.com
Frank Sinatra ( right ) appeared as a guest on his friend 's show .
The Frank Rosenthal
Show is often credited as Sinatra 's first time on a talk show .
Was Sam the best handicapper in America ?
According to Sports Illustrated , Frank Rosenthal is " one of the greatest living experts on sports gambling " .
- Sports Illustrated article " The Biggest Game in Town "
Is Sam responsible for putting sports betting into casinos ?
Frank " Lefty " Rosenthal , the real Sam , is credited with putting sports betting in Las Vegas casinos .
In 1976 , he set up the first sports book in the Stardust , which featured six large televisions .
- USA Today
Did Sam and Ginger really get divorced ?
Yes .
According to Frank , the real story is that he filed for the divorce and for full custody of their children .
Geri did not contest it .
Their divorce was finalized on January 16 , 1981 .
- FrankRosenthal.com
Left : Frank and his wife Geri during happier times .
Right : Robert De Niro and Sharon Stone in the movie .
Did Ginger really try to run off with their daughter and Lester ?
According to Frank Rosenthal ( the real Sam Rothstein ) , his wife and her ex-boyfriend , Lenny Marmor , ran off with his daughter , his son and his money .
In the movie , Lenny Marmor is the Lester Diamond character portrayed by James Woods .
- FrankRosenthal.com
Did Artie Piscano die of a heart attack when the FBI found mob records in his home ?
No .
The Casino movie character Artie Piscano was based on Carl " Tuffy " DeLuna .
The raid on his home happened on February 14 , 1979 .
Unlike what is depicted in the movie , Tuffy did not die of a heart attack during the raid .
He was sentenced to prison for his participation in skimming Las Vegas casinos and was released in 1998 .
He died ten years later on July 21 , 2008 in Kansas City , Missouri .
- The Chicago Syndicate
Did Sam survive a car bomb assassination attempt ?
Yes .
On October 4 , 1982 , Frank Rosenthal left Tony Roma 's restaurant on East Sahara Avenue and got into his Cadillac which then exploded .
Amazingly , he survived with minor burns and injuries .
A variety of factors have been attributed to his survival , including a metal plate under the driver 's seat , the driver 's side door being open at the time of the explosion , and pure luck .
- NY Times
Top : Rosenthal 's 1981 Cadillac El Dorado after the explosion .
Bottom : Robert De Niro 's character dives away from his exploding car in the movie .
Courtesy Las Vegas Review - Journal Archive
Why did Sam 's car have a metal plate under the driver 's seat ?
The 1981 Cadillac Eldorado had a balancing problem that was affecting the car 's handling .
GM installed the metal plate under the driver 's seat to correct the problem .
- UniqueCarsandParts.com /au
Did Ginger end up with low lives and drug dealers in Los Angeles ?
Yes .
The true story behind Geri Rosenthal ( Ginger in the movie ) reveals that her interaction with these people ultimately led to her untimely death .
On November 9 , 1982 , at the age of 46 , she died in an LA motel from a drug overdose of valium , cocaine and whiskey .
She is buried in Mount Sinai Cemetery in Los Angeles .
Geri Rosenthal ( left ) and her onscreen Casino movie counterpart portrayed by Sharon Stone ( right ) .
Were Nicky Santoro and his brother , Dominick , really killed ?
Yes , the real - life Spilotro brothers were beaten to death , but not in a cornfield as portrayed in the movie .
According to Nicholas Calabrese , a former mob hitman who testified in the Operation Family Secrets trial , the brothers were told they were being promoted in the mob .
Anthony Spilotro was to become a " capo " and his brother , Michael , was to become a " made member " .
They were driven to a mob home in Bensenville , Illinois and were beaten to death in the basement .
They were later transported to the cornfield in Enos , Indiana .
- Chicago Tribune
Burial site in an Enos , Indiana cornfield where the Spilotro brothers , Anthony and Michael , were found .
Is the real Sam still alive ?
Mr. Rosenthal died at the age of 79 after suffering a heart attack at his Miami Beach home on October 13 , 2008 .
- NY Times
Did Sam insist on having an equal number of blueberries in each muffin ?
According to Nicholas Pileggi , author of the book Casino , Frank Rosenthal was extremely meticulous .
He did regulate the number of blueberries per muffin , with each muffin containing at least ten blueberries .
- NY Times
Casino : Behind the Movie Interviews & Video
Watch video featuring interviews with Frank Rosenthal , the real Sam Rothstein , portrayed by Robert De Niro in the movie .
Also , see footage of Tony Spilotro , the real Nicky Santoro ( Joe Pesci ) .
FORMER Miss California Carrie Prejean appeared on the Today Show this morning with Matt Lauer , claiming she was set up and the ONLY reason she was no longer Miss California was because of her answer on same - sex marriage .
For a glimpse of the real Carrie Prejean , watch …
Below is a sampling of some leaked emails sent by Prejean to her boss Keith Lewis , director of the Miss California USA pageant :
From : cprejeanXXXXSent : Friday , May 29 , 2009 7:57 AMTo : Keith LewisSubject : Re : Messages
You do not cooperate with me , and you pick and chose the the things YOU want me to do .
That is not happening anymore .
Stop speaking for me .
I have MY own voice .
What are u gonna do fire me for volunteering for the special olympics hahaha ur crazy
No I am doing this appearance .
You do not need details .
Its for the SPECIAL OLYMPICS !!!
You just need to know I will be doing it alright
You will not facilitate this appearance Sent via BlackBerry by AT&T — — — — — — — — — ——————- From : cprejeanXXXXSent : Friday , May 29 , 2009 7:40 AMTo : Keith LewisSubject : Re : Messages
I expect you to be forwarding me ALL email requests and interview requests to me .
I know how you are and its not right if you are selecting things for me .
Thanks for your cooperation
And fyi I am a presenter of medals at the special olympics in a few weeks for the summer games .
So now u know I am doing this and I expect your full support .
Also I was asked to fill in for a dj on a local radio show ..
Ill be reading from a show biz script monday .
I am doing this Sent via BlackBerry by AT&T — — — — — — — — — ——————- From : cprejeanXXXXSent : Friday , May 29 , 2009 7:42 AMTo : Keith LewisSubject : Re : Messages
Just as you need details for things so do I .
Also nice move trying to make money off of my appearances Also ..
Do not try and silence me by saying I do not have a comment about the prop 8 ruling .
Maybe you do n’t .
I do Sent via BlackBerry by AT&T
Does n’t sound very Christian to me .
Wait a minute … Rude .
Arrogant .
Self - righteous .
On second thought …
Post by ILO on 06/12/09 at 1:46 pm
I WAS LISTENING TO THE RADIO the other morning , and heard a short bit of the Senate hearings , which reminded me of " Who 's on First ? "
Senator Sessions was questioning Judge Sotomayor , and it really did sound like Abbot and Costello .
The point in question was a quote from Judge Sotomayor , which Sessions was determined to use as proof that she thought judges should be prejudiced .
The quote was :
" I willingly accept that we who judge must not deny the differences resulting from experience and heritage , but continuously to judge when those opinions , sympathies and prejudices are appropriate . "
Admittedly , it was a compound sentence with relative clauses and an infinitive phrase thrown in , so perhaps I should n't be too hard on Sessions .
Let me break it down :
There are differences between judges .
I do n't think anyone will disagree with this .
Some of those differences result from experience and heritage .
Again , this is pretty obvious .
Judges thus have : different opinions about things , different sympathies , and different prejudices .
Okay , a quick comment on that last one .
It 's important to note , because of the Republican spin , that there is no reason to believe that she was talking about racial prejudice .
We all have prejudices , whether we like to admit it or not .
I am prejudiced against calamari , for example , and against laissez - faire economics , and tax breaks for the rich .
A judge can either accept these facts , or deny them .
If a judge denies them , it simply means that the judge is kidding him or her self .
When people try to pretend that they are super - human , and have no opinion or sympathies or prejudices , they put themselves at the mercy of those prejudices .
If I can't admit to a fault , I have no ability to correct it or guard against it .
If judges accept the fact that they , like all human beings , have opinions , and sympathies , and prejudices , then they are in a position to do something about them .
The less reluctantly — the more willingly — a judge accepts her own idiosyncrasies , the better chance she has to keep them from interfering with her objectivity , and to make sure that she is following the law .
A good judge will not live in denial , but will accept the fact that she has these opinions and sympathies and prejudices .
She will then , in each case , consciously examine them in light of the law .
Forewarned is forearmed .
Not all of her sympathies , or opinions , or even prejudices , may go against the law in every case .
In some cases they may actually be in tune with the law , and in those cases they may help her to see the case more clearly than if she did n't have them .
But it is a judge 's duty to be aware of her own sympathies , opinions , and prejudices , and to keep them in service of the law , and to make sure that they do not mislead her judgment .
She can only do this if she willing accepts the fact that she has these idiosyncrasies in the first place .
Judge Sotomayor willingly accepts this fact , and conscientiously works to keep those leanings , which everyone has , from interfering with the proper execution of her role as judge .
I might add that any judge who could not agree with that statement should not be allowed near a bench .
Got it , Sessions ?
That 's the name of the guy on first .
At least , that 's what I think today .
Giving yourself adequate shade and wearing clothing that is cool in the summer will let you relish fishing without running the risk of heat stroke or bad sunburn .
For the serious fisher , fishing apparel is more than just a shirt and pants to cover up with to keep warm .
In winter , gloves are also necessary to prevent your hands from being frost bitten when you are not dealing with small detail tasks that require you to remove your gloves .
When fishing , wearing appropriate fishing apparel can insure that you are comfortable when you relish your day fishing .
Gloves , particularly when dealing with fish such as musky and pike , can prevent your fingers from being damaged from the spines and teeth of the fish .
For those who take fishing seriously , fishing apparel is a way to enhance your fishing experience .
These vests come in a variety of different styles , including long sleeved and short sleeved .
It is recommended that if you are exposing yourself to a lot of sun while you are fishing , especially on open water , that you wear sunblock as well as light , cool clothing .
There are vests designed for winter wear and ice fishing , which give more room for sweaters to be worn underneath it .
These vests cover the shirt and are designed to protect against fish hooks , while also providing a place to hang lures , keep sinkers , leaders and other useful items when you are fishing .
Made of thicker materials , fishing apparel can withstand the fish hook tears , blood and dirt that typically comes with fishing .
For summer fishing apparel , the materials tend to be more of a mesh , letting fishers to stay cool while being out in the sun .
When you are selecting your fishing apparel , it is vital that you know what temperatures you will be exposed to .
In addition to this , fishing apparel is usually designed to allow for extra pockets and places to hang extra fishing gear for easy access .
One of the primary difference between standard clothes and fishing apparel is how durable the clothing is .
This is extremely useful when you are going on a serious fishing trip for trophy fish , as it saves time and lets you focus on catching your fish .
One of the most common pieces of fishing apparel is the fishing vest .
Sunglasses , good quality shoes and gloves are also pieces of fishing apparel that you should purchase .
فاز دوم بمب گوگلی : پیشنهادات جستج و
ژوئیه 21 , 2009 at 3:44 ب.ظ.
گوگل هنگام جستجوی یک کلمه، عبارتهایی که با این کلمه شروع شده و به تعداد زیاد جستجو شده اند را به کاربر پیشنهاد می دهد .
اگر عبارتهای زیر زیاد جستجو شود ، با تایپ کلمه آغازین آن ( ahmadinejad یا احمدی نژاد ) در کادر جستجوی گوگل، این عبارت ها پیشنهاد ( نمایش داده ) خواهد شد :
Ahmadinejad is
Not my president
احمدی نژاد رئیس جمهور ایران نیست
برای پیشبرد این هدف ، روزی چند بار این عبارت ها را دقیقا کپی کرده و در گوگل جستجو کنید .
Share this : توییت ر
فیسبو ک
دوست‌داشتن : دوست داشتن در حال بارگذاری ... مرتبط
Entry filed under : طرح ها .
Tags : ahmadinejad , google bomb , پیشنهاد جستجو , احمدی نژاد , بمب گوگلی , جستجو , جستجوی گوگل .
“ Americans pretty much still like the new guy , ” said Andrew Malcolm in the Los Angeles Times , but two new polls on President Obama and his policies show that his support is slipping .
The poll numbers are especially worrisome for Obama on his interventionist economic policies and the “ exploding federal deficit . ”
Overall , it looks like “ the clock is running out on Obama ’s ability to blame the last administration for all ills . ”
“ To be fair , ” Obama did take office facing “ huge fiscal challenges , ” said Peter Wehner in Commentary .
But the polls reflect growing concerns that he chose to exacerbate these problems by pushing a “ 30 - year - old liberal wish list . ”
When the deficit and national debt move from “ abstract ” concerns to " real life ” problems like higher interest rates and higher taxes , Obama and his party will “ rue ” their course of action .
“ Conservative are crowing ” about Obama ’s easing approval numbers , said Will Bunch in the Philadelphia Daily News , but “ they probably should n’t crow that much ” — voters trust them even less .
Both the Wall Street Journal / NBC poll and the New York Times / CBS one found record - low approval ratings for the GOP , of 25 - 28 percent .
Still , it ca n’t be good news for Democrats that independents are now evenly divided on Obama , 46 - 44 percent , said Mark Murray in MSNBC .
That 's a big change from a 60 - 31 split in April .
And Democrats must really be sweating now that Dick Cheney is more popular ( 26 percent ) than House Speaker Nancy Pelosi ( 24 percent ) .
The steep list problem is an example we often use when we talk about tupling .
A list of numbers is called steep if each element is larger than the sum of elements to its right .
Formally ,
steep [ ] = True
steep ( x : xs ) = x > sum xs ∧ steep xs
The definition above is a quadratic - time algorithm .
Can we determine the steepness of a list in linear time ?
To do so , we realise that we have to compute some more information .
Let steepsum = ⟨steep , sum⟩ where ⟨f , g⟩ x = ( f x , g x ) , we discover that steepsum can be computed as a foldr :
steepsum = foldr step ( True , 0 ) where step x ( b , s ) = ( x > s ∧ b , s + b )
which takes linear time .
After computing steepsum , simply take steep = fst .
steepsum .
In the Software Construction course we also talked about list homomorphism , that is , functions that can be defined in the form
h [ ] = e
h [ a ] = f a
h ( xs ⧺ ys ) = h xs ⊚ h ys
where ⊚ is associative and e is the identity element of ⊚ .
The discussion would be incomplete if we did n’t mention the third homomorphism theorem : if a function on lists can be computed both from right to left and from left to right , that it , both by a foldr and a foldl , it can be computed from anywhere in the middle by a homomorphism , which has the potential of being parallelised .
Hu sensei had this idea using steepsum as an exercise : can we express steepsum as a foldl , and a list homomorphism ?
Unfortunately , we cannot — steepsum is not a foldl .
To determining the steepness from left to right , we again have to compute some more information — not necessarily in the form of a tuple .
Right Capacity
The first idea would be to tuple steepsum with yet another element , some information that would allow us to determine what could be appended to the right of the input .
Given a list of numbers xs , let rcap xs ( for right capacity ) be an ( non-inclusive ) upperbound : a number y < rcap xs can be safely appended to the right of xs without invalidating the steepness within xs .
It can be defined by :
rcap [ ] = ∞
rcap ( x : xs ) = ( x - sum xs ) ↓ rcap xs
where ↓ stands for binary minimum .
For an explanation of the second clause , consider x : xs ⧺ [ y ] .
To make it a steep list , y has to be smaller than x - sum xs and , furthermore , y has to be small enough so that xs ⧺ [ y ] is steep .
For example , rcap [ 9,5 ] is 4 , therefore [ 9,5,3 ] is still a steep list .
Following the theme of tupling , one could perhaps try to construct ⟨steep , sum , rcap⟩ as a foldl .
By doing so , however , one would soon discover that rcap itself contains all information we need .
Firstly , a list xs is steep if and only if rcap xs is greater than 0 :
Lemma 1 : steep xs ⇔ rcap xs > 0 .
Proof : induction on xs .
case [ ] : True ⇔ ∞ > 0 .
case ( x : xs ) :
steep ( x : xs ) ⇔ x > sum xs ∧ steep xs ⇔ x - sum xs >
0 ∧ steep xs ⇔ { induction } x - sum xs >
0 ∧ 0 < rcap xs ⇔ ( (x - sum xs ) ↓ rcap xs ) > 0 ⇔ rcap ( x : xs ) > 0
∎
Secondly , it turns out that rcap is itself a foldl :
Lemma 2 : rcap ( xs ⧺ [ x ] ) = ( rcap xs - x ) ↓ x .
Proof : induction on xs .
case [ ] : rcap [ x ] = x = ( ∞ - x ) ↓ x .
case ( y : xs ) :
rcap ( y : xs ⧺ [ x ] ) = ( (y - sum xs ) - x ) ↓ rcap ( xs ⧺ [ x ] ) = { induction } ( (y - sum xs ) - x ) ↓ ( rcap xs - x ) ↓ x = { since ( a - x ) ↓ ( b - x ) = ( a ↓ b ) -x } ( ( (y - sum xs ) ↓ rcap xs ) - x ) ↓ x = ( rcap ( y : xs ) - x ) ↓ x
∎
Therefore we have rcap = foldl ( λ y x → ( y - x ) ↓ x ) ∞ .
If the aim were to determine steepness from left to right , our job would be done .
However , the aim is to determine steepness from both directions .
To efficiently compute rcap using a foldr , we still need to tuple rcap with sum .
In summary , the function ⟨sum , rcap⟩ can be computed both in terms of a foldl :
⟨sum , rcap⟩ = foldl step ( 0 , ∞ ) where step ( s , y ) x = ( s + x , ( y - x ) ↓ x )
and a foldr :
⟨sum , rcap⟩ = foldr step ( 0 , ∞ ) where step x ( s , y ) = ( x + s , ( x - s ) ↓ y )
Now , can we compute ⟨sum , rcap⟩ by a list homomorphism ?
List Homomorphism
Abbreviate ⟨sum , rcap⟩ to sumcap .
The aim now is to construct ⊚ such that sumcap ( xs ⧺ ys ) = sumcap xs ⊚ sumcap ys .
The paper Automatic Inversion Generates Divide - and - Conquer Parallel Programs by Morita et al. suggested the following approach ( which I discussed , well , using more confusing notations , in a previous post ) : find a weak inverse of ⟨sum , rcap⟩ , that is , some g such that sumcap ( g z ) = z for all z in the range of sumcap .
Then we may take z ⊚ w = sumcap ( g z ⧺ g w ) .
For this problem , however , I find it hard to look for the right g .
Anyway , this is the homomorphism that seems to work :
sumcap [ ] = ( 0 , ∞ ) sumcap [ x ] = ( x , x ) sumcap ( xs ⧺ ys ) = sumcap xs ⊚ sumcap ys where ( s1, c1 ) ⊚ ( s2, c2 ) = ( s1+s2 , ( c1- s2 ) ↓ c2 )
However , I basically constructed ⊚ by guessing , and proved it correct afterwards .
It takes a simple inductive proof to show that rcap ( xs ⧺ ys ) = ( rcap xs - sum ys ) ↓ rcap ys .
Keeping privacy policies private ( Image : Jonathan Hordle / Rex Features )
Social networks continue to grow apace with an estimated 690 million using services like Facebook , MySpace or Orkut worldwide .
That ’s a phenomenon that concerns privacy advocates worried about users ’ data being exploited for commercial or criminal purposes .
You might expect those concerns to lessen as networks compete to have the best privacy policies in the race to gain more users and hence more personal data .
However , a team at the University of Cambridge , UK , has found that social networks appear loath to mention privacy to their users .
And a recent psychology experiment could explain why .
Buried policies
The Cambridge study , conducted by Joseph Bonneau and Sören Preibusch , examined the privacy provisions and claims of 29 general - purpose social networking sites , including Facebook and MySpace .
Advertisement
All of the sites have a privacy policy and many use it to emphasise the importance of user privacy to the company .
Seven have even paid for independent privacy certifications provided by the likes of TRUSTe – a commercial site that helps companies maintain privacy policies , and provides a seal of approval intended to reassure end users .
But despite having coughed up the cash , in all cases the networks opted to hide the seal away on the privacy policy page rather than display it on the home page – a fact that suggested to the Cambridge team that networks are not keen to remind users about privacy .
The survey also suggests there is good reason for that ; the seven sites that promote their privacy policy appear to be growing more slowly than competitors that do not .
Privacy put-off
A recent study by Alessandro Acquisti and colleagues at Carnegie Mellon University , Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , points to why making privacy protection more conspicuous may actually deter users from sharing information .
In the paper , posted this month on the Social Science Research Network , college students were asked to complete a questionnaire about their attitude towards coursework .
The team found participants were less likely to reveal wrongdoings if they were first made to think about privacy – even though that was done through an assurance of confidentiality .
This effect , called “ privacy saliency ” , makes social networks loathe to make visible their efforts to protect privacy , says Acquisti .
Minority reporters
Combined with the fact most users – the “ pragmatic majority ” as security researchers have dubbed them – do not worry about privacy , the result is a market that appears to provide little incentive develop policies that favour users .
Bonneau and Preibusch call for a policy change , with networks agreeing not to share data until a user has explicitly given permission .
But given that sharing users ’ personal data with third parties seems the only viable business model on offer for the networks , are those calls pie in the sky ?
Perhaps not : while the pragmatic majority have a relaxed attitude to privacy , a minority of “ privacy fundamentalists ” feel differently , according to Bonneau and Preibusch .
This group is concerned enough about issues of privacy to potentially embarrass sites through blogs or the media , as happened to Facebook earlier this year .
That helps keep social networks on their toes .
And there ’s evidence that the pressure is having an effect .
The Cambridge analysis found that the oldest and largest sites had a better record on privacy than younger , smaller ones .
“ One reason for that is the privacy they do provide is reactive , ” says Bonneau .
The larger sites have learned the hard way that privacy is important .
New Scientist attempted to contact Facebook for an insider ’s perspective on this subject , but without success .
References : The Bonneau and Preibusch paper can be read here ; the Acquisti team paper here
Occupation : Governor of Alaska
Age : 45
Residence : Wasilla , Alaska
When did you start running ?
I grew up in a running family .
My parents caught the running craze in the mid ’ 70s and we grew up doing family runs .
I ’ve been running now easy for 35 years .
Do you remember your first race ?
My dad was a track coach and he ’d get all the neighborhood kids together and take us to Anchorage for track meets when we were very young .
Anchorage is 50 miles from Wasilla .
And ever since we were little , we ’d do 10 K races as family fun runs .
So you grew up running with your siblings ?
Yes , and my siblings and parents were better runners than I was .
My mom and dad were marathoners , and one of my sisters is a marathoner .
Dad ran Boston a couple times , Mom would win her age group or at least get a ribbon in the big races , and I would just try to keep up .
Sounds like your skills were more suited to basketball ?
Well , I appreciated the fact that in running I needed guts more than anything .
I could do fine just being really determined .
I was thankful that I did n’t need a whole lot of skills to run .
And running was your first athletic activity , even before basketball ?
Yes .
My parents instilled in us that fitness and running were going to be a part of our lives growing up .
My siblings and I are all still very active .
A lot of days I look forward to getting out to run and think and plan .
Was there ever a period when you did n’t run ?
Only when I was too pregnant to run .
During each of my five pregnancies , I worked out until right before the babies were born .
A few summers ago I trained hard and ran a sub - four - hour marathon [ 2005 Humpy ’s Marathon in Anchorage ] .
That was a pretty intense summer of running .
There have been other periods where I have n’t had the time to get out there and run as hard , so it ’s waned on and off over the years .
If you go a day or a week without running , what do you learn about yourself ?
I feel so crappy if I go more than a few days without running .
I have to run .
No matter how rotten I feel before or during a run , it ’s always worth it to me afterwards .
Sweat is my sanity .
A great frustration I had during the campaign was when the McCain staff would n’t carve out time for me to go for a run .
The days never went as well if I could n’t get out there and sweat .
Did you raise that issue , and put the ultimatum down that you needed to run ?
Absolutely , and they would say , “ Yes , in a couple of days we ’re going to start carving out that half - hour or hour to run , ” and too often it never happened , and that was frustrating .
But then it also made it sweeter when I did get out .
I would run with the Secret Service and Todd [ Palin ’s husband ] , if he was on the trail , and it was just such an amazing thing to be running in so many states and communities with such different things to see and experience .
But it should have happened more often .
Tell me about a memorable run during the campaign that really stands out .
Oh , my gosh , the one that really stands out I ’m embarrassed to death to repeat .
I went for a run at John McCain ’s ranch a couple of days before the debate with Joe Biden .
My favorite thing in the world is to run on hot , dusty roads .
I do n’t get enough of that in Alaska , so I was in heaven .
And there were plenty of hills , so I knew my thighs were going to just throb and my lungs were going to burn , and that ’s what I crave .
I like running alone , and having the Secret Service with me added a little bit of pressure .
I ’m thinking I gotta have good form and ca n’t be hyperventilating and ca n’t be showing too much pain , and that adds a little more pressure on you as you ’re trying to be out there enjoying your run .
Then I fell coming down a hill and was so stinkin‘ embarrassed that a golf cart full of Secret Service guys had to pull up beside me .
My hands just got torn up and I was dripping blood .
In the debate you could see a big fat ugly Band - Aid on my right hand .
I have a nice war wound now as a reminder of that fall in the palm of my right hand .
For much of the campaign , shaking hands was a little bit painful .
I do n’t remember news reports about it .
Heck no !
I made those guys swear to secrecy .
And I probably should have gotten a couple stitches .
But I was insisting with these guys , “ Absolutely not , let ’s just wash it out . ”
I appreciated how much care they took to help me out .
So anyway , I have a little scar on my hand , and I ’ve seen a couple of pictures from the debate or of me waving to someone on the campaign trail with that Band - Aid and I think , nobody else knows about it .
So the Secret Service guys kept silent ?
They did !
And I have this great respect for them that they ’ve kept silent all these months later .
Tell me about running in Alaska .
It ’s so cool to go out on a summer night at 10 or 11 o’clock with the sun still shining and the beauty of Alaska right there at my feet .
Winter is n’t as much fun , but even when it ’s 20 or 30 below and pitch black , I still try to get out .
I just put on tons of layers and bigger shoes so I can wear two pairs of wool socks .
There are runners all over our state .
I ’m just one of hundreds of thousands out there getting that good clean Alaskan air whether it ’s 20 below or 60 with the sun shining at midnight .
What was your coldest run ?
Would have to have been when I traveled to Fairbanks for hockey games and tournaments all through [ eldest son ]
Track ’s childhood .
I ’d get out and run while he was at practice or there was a game .
Those had to be 20 or 30 below .
How do you prepare for a run when it ’s that cold ?
After all these years you know what to wear .
Just covering all the exposed skin on your face , we ’re used to doing that anyway when going outdoors in Alaska .
My husband ’s a snow machine racer , and they live by duct tape covering every exposed portion of skin .
We do the same thing while running , not with duct tape like the snow machine racers , but with different fleece , different layers to cover every exposed part .
To me it ’s not as much fun because you have to concentrate on your footing and you have the cold conditions to worry about .
That ’s why anytime I travel or it ’s summertime in Alaska , I capitalize on any opportunity to run because it ’s so freeing .
Even still you try to get in a run every day , even in Fairbanks ?
I wish it were every day .
I do n’t like to go more than a few days without running , but yeah .
And when I travel outside of Alaska , everybody knows , whoever ’s traveling with me , that no matter what , I ’m going to find that time to run .
I do n’t like running early in the morning , although I ’ll do it if I have to .
Taking a lunch - hour run works for me logistically as a mom .
Getting out after work means being away from my kids for another hour , which makes me feel guilty .
Do you ever run on a treadmill ?
I do , and I do n’t like to .
I have one in my garage at home , and I do the treadmill when I must .
What I need to get is an elliptical .
I enjoy it more than the treadmill , and it ’s easier on my knees .
Any shoe preference ?
I ’m into Asics right now .
I was into Nikes forever because the way the shoes fit was so predictable .
But then a friend of mine put me in a pair of Asics — Gel something , I do n’t remember what they ’re called — and I loved them .
Ever been attacked by an animal out in the wilds of Alaska ?
Never been attacked , but one time I walked into a mama black bear and her cubs in a tree by the governor ’s house .
On the routes I run in Wasilla and Anchorage , I see moose all the time .
I ’ve just learned to leave them alone .
Do you wear jingle bells or is that just a tourist thing ?
[ Laughs ]
You know it ca n’t be just a tourist thing because my parents wore the bells when they did trail runs years ago , and they ’re the furthest thing from a tourist you ’ll ever encounter in Alaska .
I ’ve never worn them .
I get spooked once in awhile when I ’m running a trail and I hear a rustling in the woods , but it just makes me run faster and get the heck out of there .
What kind of scenery do you like running by there in Alaska ?
Is there a particular mountain or glacier that stands out ?
Oh my gosh , here in Juneau there ’s a beautiful route you can run right along Mendenhall Glacier .
You see it right there .
In Anchorage we have a coastal trail that takes you along Cook Inlet .
You can see the largest peak in North America , Mount McKinley , and active volcanoes on the horizon .
You can see whales out in the water .
It ’s absolutely heaven .
I see God ’s hand all over this place .
As I get out there and run , I see the most beautiful signs of this evolutionary process that has created the mountains and the glacial retreats that have left the valleys and the rivers
You pretty much prefer to run alone ?
I do , I do .
And why ’s that ?
I do n’t like to talk while I ’m running .
It ’s the only time I really am alone , so it ’s a precious time .
If I do a race with friends , they know I ’m not going to run alongside them , but it ’s fun to start and finish together .
Running with [ 1 - year - old son ]
Trig in the baby jogger is nice since I do n’t have to say anything .
He likes to hear me sing .
But the most precious experience I ’ve had running was a few summers ago when I was training for a marathon and my son Track — and I named him Track for running — would drive out in front of me and plant water bottles along the route .
I felt so spoiled , like the queen of the running world to have a kid who was all cool with his pickup truck , dropping off water for me on my long runs .
And he ’d put a note on the bottles , saying , “ Love you , Mom ” and “ Run hard , Mom . ”
It was just the most precious summer of my life to have that and then to cap it off with an all - time marathon best [ 3:59:36 ] .
I would n’t trade it for anything in the whole world .
What did your parents teach you about running ?
They taught me self - discipline and goal setting .
The self - discipline it took for my dad to train for and qualify for Boston , eating healthy and getting up in those Alaskan morning conditions where it would be 20 below .
To see that example of what it takes to accomplish a goal , the determination it took , taught me so much .
He used to tell us to call on the rock during a race when we were hurting and we were tired and wanted to quit .
He always told us to articulate what it is we ’ve trained for , what it is we ’re prepared for , and hold onto it when it hurts so bad in a race .
We all have a different rock , but Dad inspired us with the knowledge that we could reach down deep and get strength from it .
And that ’s not just a lesson when you ’re out there dying on the 23rd mile of a marathon but one for getting through daily life .
Sometimes you ’ve got to call upon your rock to get through the tough times .
And so what ’s your rock ?
First and foremost , like my Mom ’s inspiration has always been , I have my faith in God .
Then I have all the preparation , so I know I can get through it .
It ’s kind of like I ’ve been there before and the best part of the rock I can call upon is the preparation that allows me to know that I can get through it .
Looking back , I ’m really thankful for all my less - than - pleasant running experiences because I learned through each one , and I can put it all to good use being the CEO of a state full of diverse views and personalities and issues .
My social fabric was forged through running .
We like to be active and outdoors with friends and family , whether it ’s running or skiing or snow machining .
We live on a lake , so it ’s awesome to play in the water in the summertime and to build an ice rink in the wintertime .
We like to have other people participate in these activities with us because , as Plato said , “ You learn more about a person in an hour of play than in a year of conversation . ”
Todd has had businesses all these years , and he ’s brought potential employees with him out on snow - machine rides and up to our cabin so he could see what they ’re made of .
So we ’ve put that love of sports into how we run our businesses , and that ’s worked well , too .
So are you one to invite political friends or foes out for a run or a game of basketball ?
Yes , mostly , though , with my kids .
When my three teenagers have their friends over , we play one - on - one or H - O - R - S - E and I like to see if they ’re going to whine and hack and cuss and foul or if they ’re going to be out there having a good time and working hard .
In terms of wanting to get out there with political friends , I used to joke around with John McCain during the campaign about coming jogging with me .
And once I asked him what his favorite exercise was , and he said , ’ I go wading . ‘
Wading .
He lives on a creek in Arizona , so he goes wading .
That cracked me up .
So he did n’t take you up on your offer to run together ?
No , but we still want to get him up to Alaska to take him skiing or snow machining .
He ’d have a blast doing that .
Have you run with other famous people or politicians ?
I have not because I usually sneak out to go running , or if someone offers I usually shoot straight with them and say , “ I gotta go run by myself , I ’m sorry . ”
What has running taught you about politics ?
Same thing it ’s taught me about life :
You have to have determination and set goals , and you do n’t complain when something ’s hurting because no one wants to hear it .
You get bummed and burned out sometimes in running and in politics , but if you ’re in for the long haul and you ’re in it because you know that it is a good thing , then you get out there and you do it anyway .
You know , [ former RW columnist ]
George Sheehan really could articulate what running means in terms of applicability to life .
During the campaign , when people asked me about my favorite authors , I said C.S. Lewis , John Steinbeck , and Dr. George Sheehan , and people would look at me , these reporters , like , “ Who in the world is that ? ”
But his books and columns so inspired me 10 , 15 , 20 years ago , and still do .
I remember what he wrote about applying the lessons of running to relationships and families and businesses and , in my case , running a state .
He was a brilliant man .
Can you think of some specific passages you remember or lessons learned from his work ?
I remember reading one of his columns about the beauty of where he was running that day .
And I thought how lucky I am to be in a place that has these protections of our environment and that has stuck with me ever since — to not take for granted that Alaska has such beauty to offer .
If the campaign had turned out differently , you would have been in Washington D.C. much of the time .
Was there a part of you that was a little reluctant to leave behind the landscape of Alaska for four or eight years ?
Alaska would be hard to give up because it is such a part of who I am .
So much of my life revolves around the great outdoors that that would be kind of tough .
But on the other hand , I think of being in D.C. and in a position to promote physical fitness and the benefits of making good decisions healthwise and being an example to others , and I know that could do some good for our country .
Favorite running movie ?
“ Chariots of Fire , ” of course , is absolutely beautiful .
My favorite movies are sports movies , “ Hoosiers , ” “ Rudy ” .
They both were about the underdog working hard and being successful because preparation met opportunity at the right time .
I love those movies .
The day you were picked for to be the vice - presidential candidate must have been quite world - shaking .
Did you feel like running or did you go running that day ?
I had gone running earlier that day , and when I got the call from the McCain campaign , I was at the Alaska State Fair walking with my kids .
And , yeah , those earth - shattering times of life for runners , is n’t it funny that going for a run is one of the first things we think of doing ?
For me it ’s like , right on .
I like to go celebrate by taking a long , hot run .
So running is celebratory when good things happen in your life ?
In May , Todd asked me what I wanted for Mother ’s Day .
I said , “ Give me an hour for my run and I ’ll be happy . ”
What ’s your thing with liking heat so much ?
It ’s a little contrary to being such a devoted Alaskan .
I do n’t know .
I ’m always running about 10 degrees colder than everyone around me ; I ’m always cranking up the heat .
I think because we do have so many cold days here , it ’s such a luxury and a pleasure to go somewhere warm .
I think you guys who get a lot of warm weather take it for granted and you should n’t .
I thought that was a great part of the campaign — we ’d be out there at events or up there on stage just sweatin’ like pigs , and I loved it .
When you run , what do you imagine you look like to passersby ?
When I run , I ’m totally incognito because I ’m not wearing the trough full of makeup .
I can go running through a mob of tourists and they do n’t recognize me .
So you ’re almost another person because you look so different and people do n’t recognize you as the person you are the other 23 hours of the day ?
Yes , without my makeup on .
What I ’ve been doing lately is bringing Piper — she just turned eight , and she ’s really starting to get into running .
We do a goal - setting thing where we pick a spot on the road up ahead and that ’s our goal , then we set another goal .
It ’s been a blast bringing Piper into this these last couple of months .
Has running gotten harder as you ’ve gotten older ?
For me it ’s getting harder just because my life is much busier .
But physically I go through stages of having some bum knees and then the knees will heal up if I ratchet back a bit on the miles and maybe do the elliptical for a few weeks .
I have a really bum ankle from a high school basketball injury .
It still swells and gives me some grief , and the older I get , the worse it feels .
I do n’t know if I attribute it to age or having five kids .
That takes a little bit of a toll on one ’s body , too .
Have you kept running through your pregnancies ?
Um -huh , I do .
But like with this last one with Trig , I was pregnant with him in the wintertime , so I did n’t run as much .
But I still went to the gym and did the elliptical and lifted and did a couple different classes .
With each of the kids , I worked out until they were born .
How long after giving birth before you ’re running again ?
It was n’t like the very next week , it would be weeks .
With Trig , it was relatively soon because I felt so good throughout the pregnancy and so great recovering , it was just a couple of weeks later and I was running again .
What ’s the funniest thing that happened on a run ?
In Anchorage on the coastal trail there have been many times where I ’ve had to stop right in my tracks and turn around because there ’s been either a moose standing there staring at me or a moose ’s butt plopping on over into the trail .
I have to turn around and leave , or I ’m going to get clobbered .
Is running nonpartisan ?
Oh , thank God , it ’s nonpartisan .
It does n’t matter your background , your demographics , your race , your political affiliation — it ’s such a uniting , healthy , fun , awesome activity .
It cracks me up going to some running event and seeing some dude who campaigned so hard against me , or a lady who ’s been blogging some mean comments about me .
But we ’re all there together and we ’re smiling and we ’re having a good time because we ’re going to do something healthy and active .
We need more of that .
That ’s what sports are able to do .
It ’s a wonderful kind of diversion from the divisiveness that is politics or that is life .
And my parents , they ’ve got so many friends from so many different political bents because of all their years participating in races and organizing races .
I was lucky enough to have been brought up in that atmosphere where I see the value in that .
Our president , I ’m told , is a runner .
Would you ever run with him ?
I would , absolutely .
I would and people have asked if I ’d ever challenge him to one - on - one because we both love basketball .
But look , he towers over me and I would n’t be complaining about an unfair advantage there , but maybe I ’d do better playing H - O - R - S - E with him than one - on - one .
What about in a race ?
Could you beat the president ?
I betcha I ’d have more endurance .
My one claim to fame in my own little internal running circle is a sub - four marathon .
It was n’t necessarily a good running time , but it proves I have the endurance within me to at least gut it out and that is something .
If you ever talk to my old coaches , they ’d tell you , too .
What I lacked in physical strength or skill I made up for in determination and endurance .
So if it were a long race that required a lot of endurance , I ’d win .
In Alaska or D.C. ?
I ’d like him to come to Alaska so he can see the beauty of this 49th state .
Do you listen to music during your runs ?
I go through cycles there , too .
Right now I ’m not listening to anything , but probably in a month or two I ’ll start craving music .
That ’s the way it ’s been for 35 years .
Parts of the year I want to listen to something , parts of the year I do n’t .
When I do listen , I crank up old Van Halen , old AC / DC .
I have a nice routine : I kick off my runs with the old Van Halen and AC / DC , then I get into my country music , then I always wrap it up with a couple of mellow Amy Grant songs .
You program the music into your iPod ?
Yes , I finally stopped carrying around the clunky CD player .
The kids finally convinced me , not only was it not cool , but it also was n’t practical .
Is there anything else the world should know about you as a runner ?
The only other thing I ’d like to add is I ’ve been very fortunate to be a recipient of all the efforts people put into Title IX all those years ago where girls got equal opportunity to participate in sports and extracurricular activities because sports growing up were my world .
I ’m so thankful for Title IX allowing equal access to these opportunities , and I ’m a huge proponent of girls being able to realize what they ’re made of by participating in sports , and whatever I can do there I ’m going to be doing .
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
Mark your calendars because Derek Hough will perform on ‘ Dancing with the Stars ’ September 30 , 5:30 pm ( ET ) ABC / Kelsey McNeal Derek Hough is lacing up his dancing shoes again :
The former pro and new “ Dancing with the Stars ” judge will perform on the ...
Frank Ocean transforms professional website into voter registration resource after first presidentia September 30 , 5:27 pm ( ET ) Frank Ocean took to Instagram during the first presidential debate on Tuesday night encouraging his fans to vote .
The “ Chanel ” singer took it one ...
In this post , I want to give an example of a Lie group which is not isomorphic to a subgroup of a matrix group .
This contrasts with the algebraic picture , where every affine algebraic group can be realized as a subgroup of a matrix group .
I ’ll just sketch the details .
The group we ’ll use is the universal cover G of .
One can realize as a fiber bundle with fiber over via the map which sends a matrix to its first row , so its fundamental group is .
Similarly , we can use this map to show that is a fiber bundle with fiber over and hence is simply connected .
Now let be any smooth map .
It induces a map on Lie algebras .
We can use this to define a map by .
It ’s straightforward to check that f preserves the Lie bracket .
Since is simply connected , f is the derivative of some smooth map .
To show that r cannot be injective , we will show that the composition is not injective , where the second map is the usual inclusion .
I claim that this composition is the same map as the composition , where is the covering space map .
By construction , these two compositions induce the same differentials on their Lie algebras .
Now using the fact that both G and are connected , this implies that the map on the level of Lie groups must be equal as well .
But is not injective : we saw above that the fundamental group for is nontrivial , so we are done .
On the fence about renewing your subscription to Qore ?
Qore is offering a couple bonuses to help sweeten the deal .
Qore is offering it ’s loyal subscribers a special renewal rate of $ 19.99 .
And if a reduced price is n’t enough to get you to subscribe for another year , they have another offer that is definitely of interest .
In an email going out to initial [ shal ] Qore [ / shal ] subscribers promoting it ’s special renewal rate , they also are giving you a promotional code for $ 5 off your pre-order of Uncharted 2 at Amazon.com .
This offer is for pre-orders only , and the promotional code expires at release date ( which is currently pegged for October 1st ) .
Amazon.com is also offering a bonus Uncharted 2 Treasure Map so you wo n’t miss out on pre-order goodies .
Andrew Baran , former writer at Electronic Gaming Monthly and EGM2 / Expert Gamer , passed away on July 26 after a battle with pancreatic cancer .
Advertisement
On Baran 's own 1 Up page , he wrote this about himself :
I was an editor for EGM and the host of Sendai / Ziff - Davis magazines , enjoying a tenure that lasted from the days of the NES and continued all the way through to the Xbox . ( 1991 -2001 )
I started out counseling players on a variety of videogame tip lines and ended my extensive career as Senior Editor ...
On the magazines , I was once known as Cyber Boy .
Historically speaking , I had one of the longest runs on the Review Crew - where I even held the top slot for a time .
Sadly , this was mostly incognito as I wrote under Ed Semrad 's name over the years .
If you have your old issues , you can find plenty of hidden references in " his " reviews that would hint at the truth .
Eventually I got to use my real name and had enjoyed the top slot of the Crew with my own identity .
A ZD buyout spun me into the fringes of EGM2 where I produced over 125 strategy guides .
When the company was sold to an investment firm , I found myself cast out of the gaming media 's light , but into the warm embrace of gaming retail instead .
Advertisement
Former EGM Editor
In Chief Dan Hsu has a tribute to Baran over at BitMob .
That in the embedded link below .
Rest in peace , Andy , rest in peace .
RIP : EGM's Andy Baran [ BitMob ]
Controlling the minds of other living creatures is simply the stuff of science fiction right ?
Well for some creatures becoming a real live zombie is a daily hazard .
Here are 10 examples of real parasitic behavior modifications .
These are in no particular order .
10 Phorid flies Pseudacteon
The genus Pseudacteon , of which 110 species have been documented , is a parasitoid of the ant in South America .
Members of Pseudacteon reproduce by laying eggs in the thorax of the ant .
The first instar larvae migrate to the head .
The larvae develop by feeding on the hemolymph , muscle tissue , and nervous tissue in the head .
Eventually , the larvae completely devour the ant ’s brain , causing it to do nothing but wander aimlessly for approximately two weeks .
After about two to four weeks , they cause the ant ’s head to fall off by releasing an enzyme that dissolves the membrane attaching the ant ’s head to its body .
The fly pupates in the detached head capsule .
9 Toxoplasma Gondii
Toxoplasma gondii is a common parasite the definitive host of which is the cat , but the parasite can be carried by all known mammals including humans .
T. gondii infections have the ability to change the behavior of rats and mice , making them drawn to rather than fearful of the scent of cats .
This effect is advantageous to the parasite , which will be able to sexually reproduce if its host is eaten by a cat .
The infection is almost surgical in its precision , as it does not affect a rat ’s other fears such as the fear of open spaces or of unfamiliar smelling food .
8 Euhaplorchis Californiensis
This parasite lives in the gut of shorebirds and produces eggs that are released in the bird ’s stool which are spread into the salt - water marshes and ponds of southern California .
Some of these eggs get swallowed up by snails and hatch into larva .
Once these larvae are mature enough they leave the snail and swim out into the marshes eventually finding a killifish , entering through the gills and making its way along a nerve and into the brain cavity .
Once in the brain cavity the parasite will cause the fish to come to the surface , swim in circles , jerk around and display its silvery underside in an attempt to attract a bird ’s attention .
This behavior makes the infected fish 30 times more likely to be caught and consumed by a bird .
Once the fish is consumed , the parasite lives in the bird ’s gut and the process can begin anew .
7 Jewel Wasp Ampulex Compressa
When a female jewel wasp is ready to lay its egg it finds a cockroach and administers two stings .
The first sting is to the roach ’s thorax temporarily paralyzing its front legs .
The second sting is directly to the roach ’s brain .
This sting causes the roach to lose its escape reflex .
Without its escape reflex the wasp , who is much too small to carry the cockroach , can grab one of the cockroach ’s antennae and lead it around like a dog on a leash .
The wasp takes her new pet back to her nest , lays an egg on its belly and seals it inside .
Eventually the larva will hatch and consume the still living roach , which happily lies there until it dies .
6 Hairworm Spinochordodes Tellinii
This worm ’s larva develops and grows inside orthopteran insects ( grasshoppers , crickets , etc. ) .
As it grows the worm will consume the internal organs of its host until there is nothing left but the head , legs and outer shell .
Once the parasite is grown ( usually 3 - 4 times larger than its host ) , it manipulates its host to actually seek out and dive into a large body of water .
Once in the water the worm emerges and swims away to live out the rest of its life , leaving the host to drown .
5 Costa Rican Parasitoid Wasp Hymenoepimecis Argyraphaga
Hymenoepimecis argyraphaga is a Costa Rican parasitoid wasp whose host is the spider Plesiometa argyra .
The adult female wasp temporarily paralyzes the spider and lays an egg on its abdomen .
The egg hatches into a larva which sucks the spider ’s blood through small holes , while the spider goes on about its normal web building and insect catching behavior for the next one to two weeks .
When the larva is ready to pupate , it injects a chemical into the spider , causing it to build a web whose design is completely different from any it has ever made , and then to sit motionless in the middle of this web .
Even if the larva is removed prior to the web - building process , the spider still engages in aberrant web - spinning .
The wasp larva then molts , kills the spider with a poison and sucks its body dry before discarding it and building a cocoon that hangs from the middle of the web the spider has just built .
The larva pupates inside the cocoon , and then emerges to mate and begin the cycle over again .
4 Cordyceps Unilateralis
C. unilateralis is a species of entomopathogenic fungus that infects and alters the behavior of ants in order to ensure the widespread distribution of its spores .
The spores enter the body of the insect through its spiracles , where they begin to consume the non-vital soft tissues .
When the fungus is ready to spore , its mycelia enter the ant ’s brain and change how it perceives pheromones , causing the insect to climb to the top of a plant and use its mandibles to secure itself to the stem .
The fungus then kills the ant , and the fruiting bodies of C. unilateralis grow from its head and explode , releasing the spores .
3 Glyptapanteles
Glyptapanteles is a genus of parasitoid wasps found in Central and North America .
A female Glyptapanteles will lay her eggs ( about 80 at a time ) inside a young caterpillar host .
After hatching the larvae will feed on the caterpillar ’s succulent juicy insides until they are fully developed .
They then emerge from the body , attach themselves to a branch or leaf , and form a cocoon .
However , one or two larvae remain behind and manipulate the caterpillar to take up position near the cocoons , arch its back , and cease to move or feed .
However , when the cocoons are disturbed , the caterpillar will thrash around violently .
The pupae effectively have themselves a zombie - caterpillar bodyguard .
The caterpillar remains this way until the cocoons hatch at which point it dies .
2 Lancet Liver Fluke Dicrocoelium Dendriticum
D. dendriticum spends its adult life inside the liver of its host .
After mating , the eggs are excreted in the feces .
The first intermediate host , the terrestrial snail , eats the feces , and becomes infected by the larval parasites .
The larvae ( or cercariae ) drill through the wall of the gut and settle in its digestive tract , where they develop into a juvenile stage .
The snail tries to defend itself by walling the parasites off in cysts , which it then excretes and leaves behind in the grass .
The second intermediate host , an ant , uses the trail of slime as a source of moisture .
The ant then swallows a cyst loaded with hundreds of juvenile lancet flukes .
The parasites enter the gut and then drift through its body .
Most of the cercariae encyst in the haemocoel of the ant and mature into metacercariae , but one moves to the sub-esophageal ganglion ( a cluster of nerve cells underneath the esophagus ) .
There , the fluke takes control of the ant ’s actions by manipulating these nerves .
As evening approaches and the air cools , the infested ant is drawn away from other members of the colony and upward to the top of a blade of grass .
Once there , it clamps its mandibles onto the top of the blade and stays there until dawn .
Afterward , it goes back to its normal activity at the ant colony .
If the host ant were to be subjected to the heat of the direct sun , it would die along with the parasite .
Night after night , the ant goes back to the top of a blade of grass until a grazing animal comes along and eats the blade , ingesting the ant along with it , thus putting lancet flukes back inside their preferred host .
1 Sacculina
Sacculina is a genus of barnacles that parasitize crabs .
Upon finding a host crab , the female Sacculina larva walks on it until it finds a joint .
It then molts , injecting its soft body into the crab while its shell falls off .
The Sacculina grows in the crab , emerging as a sac on the underside of the crab ’s rear thorax , where the crab ’s eggs would be incubated .
When a female Sacculina is implanted in a male crab it will interfere with the crab ’s hormonal balance .
This sterilizes it and changes the bodily layout of the crab to resemble that of a female crab by widening and flattening its abdomen , among other things .
The female Sacculina has even been known to cause the male crabs to perform mating gestures typical of female crabs .
The male Sacculina looks for a female Sacculina adult on the underside of a crab .
He then enters and fertilizes her eggs .
The crab ( male or female ) then cares for the eggs as if they were its own , having been rendered infertile by the parasite .
The natural hatching process of a crab consists of the female finding a high rock and grooming its brood pouch on its abdomen and releasing the fertilized eggs in the water through a bobbing motion .
The female crab stirs the water with her claw to aid the flow of the water .
When the hatching parasite eggs of the Sacculina are ready to emerge from the brood pouch of Sacculina , the crab performs a similar process .
The crab shoots them out through pulses creating a large cloud of parasites .
The crab then uses the familiar technique of stirring the water to aid in flow .
+ Leucochloridium Paradoxum
Leucochloridium Paradoxum is a parasitic flatworm that uses gastropods ( snails and slugs ) as an intermediate host .
The worm in its larval stage , travels into the digestive system of a snail to develop into the next stage , sporocyst .
The sporocyst grows into long tubes to form swollen “ broodsacs ” filled with tens to hundreds of larvae .
These broodsacs invade the snail ’s tentacle ( preferring the middle , when available ) , causing a brilliant transformation , of the tentacles , into a swollen , pulsating , colorful display that mimics the appearance of a caterpillar or grub .
The infection of the tentacles of the eyes seems to inhibit the perception of light intensity .
Whereas uninfected snails seek dark areas to prevent predation , infected snails are more likely to become exposed to predators such as birds .
The resulting behavior of the flatworm is a case of aggressive mimicry , where the parasite vaguely resembles the food of the host .
This gains the parasite entry into the host ’s body ; this is unlike most other cases of aggressive mimicry , in which only a part of the host resembles the target ’s prey and the mimic itself then eats the duped animal .
This article is licensed under the GFDL because it contains quotations from Wikipedia .
Nintendo global president Satoru Iwata is n't afraid to make hard decisions , having recently scuttled a new piece of Nintendo hardware that might never see the light of day , never to put smiles on faces .
Advertisement
According to a report from CNBC , Iwata says that Nintendo had another handheld gaming system in the works as recently as three years ago .
What that platform would have been , which market it would have targeted and what kinds of games it would play , Iwata did n't say .
What he did say , or at least indicate , was that platform that would coexist with the Nintendo DS and Wii would n't do much for the company 's " momentum . "
Advertisement
" But when we are launching new hardware , the most important is thing is to sustain the momentum , " Iwata said .
" If introducing new hardware wo n't do anything to do that , well … "
Well , what ?!
Could it have been the ill - conceived dual - DS card version of the Nintendo DS ?
Or could it have been something more interesting , another entry in the Game Boy family ?
Only Iwata knows !
Nintendo President : ' We Have Scuttled New Hardware ' [ CNBC via Dtoid ]
Really ?
That ’s the face you made ?
Thanks , Mr Fein !
Share TOE ► Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
More
Print
Pocket
Tumblr
Reddit
As if I would’t have enough to do , I started playing with Python , and I loved it :
It ’s kept simple , it ’s powerful , and you do n’t have to learn it .
I started programming seriously in Python after two hours of command line tests .
Everyone who has seen a programming language yet knows Python .
I really felt the absence of serious functional programming support and a kind of OCaml - like matching but … it ’s another story .
I often need to grasp data from html pages , and I often do that with Java and HTMLParser … but this time I tried with Python because one of my friend told me how beautiful the soup is .
When facing the problem of getting a lot of data from html pages , I always dream a sort of pattern matching for HTML : I want to be able to get “ this kind of tag sequence ” inside a page .
So I created a library to do that for me based on BeautifulSoup , and it ’s impressively effective and easy to use !
Theory
An HTML page has a tree of nodes , called DOM , where each node is a tag or a string ( this is how BeautifulSoup see it ) .
So we have the DOM of a page and the tree of a pattern , and we want to find all the occurrences of that pattern in the page .
Now the question is : how do we find that two nodes matches ?
Well , for my purposes I defined that two nodes are similar if they have the same tag name and if the input node ( from the page ) matches AS STRING , at least all the attributes of the pattern node .
Ok , what does mean that two strings matches ?
I defined a simple syntax that worked good for all my targets , and you ’ll see it in the following example .
Practice
Let ’s suppose you have a page with a list of videos ( page.html ) , and you want to get all the videos :
< html > < head >< title > Example </ title ></head > < body > < div class = " video " > < a href= " watch?v=0001 " > Title first video</a>< img src=" preview1.jpg "/></div> < div class = " video " > < a href= " watch?v=0002 " > Title second video</a>< img src=" preview2.jpg "/></div> < div class = " video " > < a href= " watch?v=0003 " > Title third video</a>< img src=" preview3.jpg "/></div> ... </ body > </html >
You just have to copy the tags structure of one video and give it to my python script as pattern , substituting the variables you want , like this ( pattern.html ) :
< div class = " video " >< a href= " watch?v=$code$ " >$ title $ < /a> < img src= " $ preview $ " /></div>
So , just put $ variable $ where you want ( be as much restrictive as you can to avoid ambiguities ) .
Now if you run the script you get :
claudio@laptop : ~$ ./htmlmatch.py index.html pattern.html code : 0001 title :
The first video preview : preview1.jpg code : 0002 title :
The second video preview : preview2.jpg code : 0003 title :
The third video preview : preview3.jpg
.
You can easily access all these filed using the library as a function in your python code and iterating the list ( of dictionaries ) it gives you back .
For example :
page = urllib2.urlopen ( " http://www.your_video_website.com / " ) pattern = open ( " pattern.html " , " r " ) matches = htmlmatch ( page , pattern ) for map in matches : for k , v in map.iteritems ( ) : print k , v print
The Source
I suggest you to use BeautifulSoup version 3.0.7a , because it behaves better with real world HTML ( newer versions are based upon the new python HTML parser which is not very improved ) .
Click here to download htmlmatch - 0.1.py as file
#!/usr/bin/env python
import sys
import urllib2
from BeautifulSoup import BeautifulSoup , Tag , NavigableString
import HTMLParser
def htmlmatch ( page , pattern ) :
“ ” ” Finds all the occurrencies of the pattern tree into the given html page ” ” ”
isoup = BeautifulSoup ( page )
psoup = BeautifulSoup ( pattern )
def untiltag ( gen ) :
node = gen.next ( )
while True :
if isinstance ( node , Tag ) :
break
elif len( node.lstrip ( ) ) == 0 :
node = gen.next ( )
else :
break
return node
pgen = psoup.recursiveChildGenerator ()
pnode = untiltag ( pgen )
igen = isoup.recursiveChildGenerator ( )
inode = untiltag ( igen )
variables = [ ]
lastvars = {}
while True :
newvars = nodematch ( inode , pnode )
if newvars !=
None :
if len( newvars ) >
0 :
lastvars.update ( newvars )
try :
pnode = untiltag ( pgen )
except StopIteration :
pgen = psoup.recursiveChildGenerator ()
pnode = untiltag ( pgen )
if len( lastvars ) >
0 :
variables.append( lastvars )
lastvars = {}
else :
pgen = psoup.recursiveChildGenerator ()
pnode = untiltag ( pgen )
try :
inode = untiltag ( igen )
except StopIteration :
if variables !=
None :
return variables
return None
return variables
def nodematch ( input , pattern ) :
“ ” ” Matches two tags : returns True if the tags are of the same kind , and if
the first tag has AT LEAST all the attributes of the second one
( the pattern ) and if these attributes match as strings , as defined in
strmatch function . ” ” ”
if input.__class__ != pattern.__class__ :
return None
if isinstance ( input , NavigableString ) :
return strmatch ( input , pattern )
if isinstance ( input , Tag ) and input.name != pattern.name :
return None
variables = {}
for attr , value in pattern._getAttrMap().iteritems ( ) :
if input.has_key ( attr ) :
newvars = strmatch ( input.get ( attr ) , value )
if newvars !=
None :
variables.update( newvars )
else :
return None
else :
return None
return variables
def strmatch ( input , pattern ) :
“ ” ” Matches the input string with the pattern string .
For example :
input : “ python and ocaml are great languages ”
pattern : “ $ lang1 $ and $ lang2 $ are great languages ”
gives as output the map :
{ “ lang1 ” : “ python ” , “ lang2 ” : “ ocaml ” }
The function returns None if the strings do n’t match . ” ” ”
var , value = None , None
i , j = 0 , 0
map = {}
input_len = len( input )
pattern_len = len( pattern )
while i < input_len : if var == None : if pattern[ j ] == '$ ' : var = " " value = " " j += 1 elif input [ i ] != pattern[j ] : return None else : i += 1 j += 1 else : while pattern[j ] != '$ ' : var += pattern[j ] j += 1 ; j += 1 if j == pattern_len : while i < input_len : value += input [ i ] i += 1 else : while i < input_len and input [ i ] != pattern[j ] : value += input [ i ] i += 1 i +=1 j +=1 map[var ] = value var =
None return map def main ( argv ) : if len( argv ) < 2 : print " example : ./htmlmatch.py input.html pattern.html " return page = open ( argv [ 0 ] , " r " ) pattern = open ( argv [ 1 ] , " r " ) l = htmlmatch ( page , pattern ) for m in l : for k , v in m.iteritems ( ) : print k , v print if __name__ == " __main__ " : main ( sys.argv [ 1 : ] ) [ / sourcecode ]
[ slidepress gallery=’jamesdelano-burmacyclone ’ ]
Hover over the image for navigation and full screen controls
ESSAY CONTAINS EXPLICIT CONTENT
James Whitlow Delano
In the Eye of Burma ’s Cyclone : A Firsthand Account
play this essay
Three days of driving rain had already begun to ruin the dry season rice harvest , leaving the crop under water , before I returned to Yangon from Bago on the day the cyclone struck .
Just hours before the cyclone arrived , a steady stream of brand new , Chinese - made military trucks blasted their horns , bullying all manner of traffic from bicycles to 50 year old Hino timber trucks out of their way so that they could speed toward a military base .
I would later see a line of them entering outside the former capital .
There was vague gossip on the street about a cyclone in the seas south of Burma but it was not until I was checked into my Yangon hotel , and able to receive CNN , did I realize that a category 4 storm was about to bare down on Yangon and the low lying Irrawaddy River Delta .
Myawaddy , one of the Burmese television stations , had not forecast that such a severe storm was going to make a direct hit on Burma .
By midnight , the windows of the hotel room rattled violently .
I got up and taped the large one and opened the two movable ones a crack to equalize air pressure .
By 2 am , trees could be heard snapping in two and tumbling down , some of them a century or more old .
At dawn , a wicked wind but little rain sent sheet metal panels , torn from rooftops and outdoor adverts flying like newspapers but trailing sparks down the street .
By the time I got downstairs , the wind had completely changed direction , had intensified , and sent curtains of stinging rain horizontally .
In the blinding rain , I sheltered behind a pillar outside the hotel attempting to shoot one frame at a time , then dry off the entire camera and try again .
I looked downwind .
A street sign 6 feet wide ( 2 m ) and 3 feet high ( 1 m ) shuttered suddenly and then a gust sent it frantically flying into infinity never to be seen again .
It simply disappeared .
I remember thinking throughout this storm how people sheltering in their flimsy bamboo houses would surely not survive in the Irrawaddy Delta if this storm was punishing a relatively high - sitting concrete city so brutally .
Over the next six days , I would make my way south every day .
First I simply took a small boat across the river from the city but later I would travel right down to the core of the Irrawaddy Delta where the 4 m high storm surge , not the wind , claimed the most lives .
The Burmese people , ever resourceful , were on their own .
Mostly soldiers were restricted to clearing trees in the former capital .
Few were to be seen down in the delta and none of those soldiers , that I saw , were distributing food or water .
They were clearing trees and debris .
I wrote the following account after traveling by boat to the worst effected part of the delta .
Now , in large part because of what the few of us reported seeing in the Irrawaddy Delta , the military has erected roadblocks to keep foreign eyes out .
I went down with two photogs to a town called Pyapon ,
about 60 miles ( 90 km ) from Yangon , we had visited the day before .
We rented a boat and headed straight in the direction of the sea
which is less than 10 miles ( 15 km ) south .
By simply crossing over to the other side of the river , we
were able to identify the first body , blown up and bloated in the
scorching midday sun .
At first villagers pointed out bodies .
We asked if they
knew these people , left discarded on the beach ?
They
said , that they did not know these people who had been
washed up the river from villages closer to the sea and in the
path of the storm surge .
Within 30 minutes we had counted over 30 bodies .
Most
were women and three were children .
One child , no more
than two years old , had a length of twine tied to its ankle ,
suggesting its mother ’s vain attempt not to be separated
from her beloved child .
It had failed .
We left the boat and climbed up to a village named Nawpyando .
The houses were shattered .
People had died from their village too .
Water had reached a level of 5 feet ( 1.4 meters ) and people
had climbed up high into their houses hoping to survive , praying
that their houses held together .
Most of the people in this
village had survived , though they were still listless from
the trauma of the storm .
Women would still do their washing of clothes in the
river , where bodies of the dead and animals bobbed .
Drinking water had to be obtained back in the town .
They appeared to have rice
but not much else .
No help ,
from the government , had arrived .
Bio
James Whitlow Delano has lived in and documented Asia for a decade and a half .
His work has been awarded internationally from the Alfred Eisenstadt Award ( from Columbia University and Life Magazine ) , Leica Oskar Barnack , Picture of the Year International , Photo District News and others .
Delano ’s series on Kabul ’s drug detox and psychiatric hospital was awarded 1st place in the 2008 NPPA Best of Photojournalism competition for Best Picture Story ( large markets ) .
His first monograph book , Empire : Impressions from China ( Five Continents Editions ) and work from Japan Mangaland have been shown at several Leica Galleries in Europe and Empire was the first ever one - person show of photography at La Triennale di Milano Museum of Art in Italy .
His second monograph book , I Viaggi di Tiziano Terzani ( Vallardi / Longanesi ) was released in spring 2008 .
His work has appeared in New York Times Magazine , National Geographic Books , GEO , Newsweek , Mother Jones , Time Asia , Internazionale , Le Monde 2 , Vanity Fair Italia , and others .
His work has shown in international photo festivals from Visa Pour L’Image and Rencontres D’Arles to photo festivals at Angkor , Cambodia , Lianzhou , China , Noorderlicht , Netherlands , Rovereto , Italia and Foto Freo , Australia .
Related links
James Whitlow Delano
Editor ’s Note : Please only one comment per person under this essay ..
Further discussions should take place under Dialogue ..
Many thanks … david alan harvey
Wise jumped and extended his right arm above the top of the 8 - foot wall .
The ball landed in his glove 's webbing but then popped out for a split second as he was caroming off the wall and stumbling on the warning track .
Wise grabbed it with his bare left hand , fell to the ground and rolled .
He bounced up , proudly displaying the ball for the crowd .
Magic .
A home run turned into an out .
His biggest threat behind him , Buehrle coolly closed out the 17th perfect game all - time in the regular season , a 5 - 0 victory Thursday .
" I was hoping it was staying in there , give him enough room to catch it .
I know the guys were doing everything they could to save the no-hitter , the perfect game , whatever it might be , " said Buehrle , who has now thrown two no-hitters in his career .
Wise knew the stakes .
" I was with the Braves in '04 and I was there when Arizona 's Randy Johnson pitched a perfect game .
So I 've been on both sides of it , " he said .
" It was probably the best catch I 've ever made because of the circumstances .
" It was kind of crazy , man , because when I jumped , the ball hit my glove at the same time I was hitting the wall .
So I did n't realize I had caught it until I fell down and the ball was coming out of my glove , so I reached out and grabbed it . "
White Sox manager Ozzie Guillen was happy he made the switch to Wise , who came in at center while Scott Podsednik shifted to left and Carlos Quentin was pulled out .
" I guess that 's our job , " Guillen said .
Buehrle fell behind 3 - 1 in the count to Michel Hernandez , the second batter in the ninth , who took a called strike and then swung and missed at strike three .
With fans chanting Buehrle 's name , Jason Bartlett got ahead 2 - 1 , then grounded to shortstop Alexei Ramirez , who threw to first baseman Josh Fields .
Buehrle put both hands on his head and was mobbed by teammates between the mound and first base .
" Never thought I 'd throw a no-hitter , never thought I 'd throw a perfect game , never thought I 'd hit a home run , " said Buehrle , who has done all three .
" Never say never in this game because crazy stuff can happen . "
The pitcher received a congratulatory telephone call from President Barack Obama -- a White Sox fan -- following the 16th perfect game since the modern era began in 1900 and the first since Johnson 's on May 18 , 2004 .
" We joked around , a 30 - second phone call , and I 'm like ' What ?
That 's all he 's got for me ? "
Buehrle said .
WELCOME TO LATIN AMERICA WORKING GROUP
The Latin America Working Group ( LAWG ) and the Latin America Working Group Education Fund ( LAWGEF ) mobilize concerned citizens , organizations , and networks to call for just U.S. policies towards Latin America and the Caribbean .
We advocate in the halls of power for human rights , peace , and social , economic , and environmental justice .
We work closely with civil society partners in Latin America to amplify their human rights campaigns and make sure their voices are heard in the policy debates that take place in Washington , DC but shape the lives of millions throughout the region .
5263 - Vector Model Information Retrieval
Theory of Information Retrieval , Florida State University LIS - 5263 ( Fall , 2003 )
Written by Rich Ackerman , September 25 .
2003
http://www.hray.com/
Introduction
This document contains explanations of some elementary mathematical concepts and shows their application in the development of the vector model of information retrieval as described in " Modern Information Retrieval " by Baeza - Yates and Ribeiro - Neto ( 1999 ) .
It was written in partial fulfillment of the requirements of the fall , 2003 class , " LIS - 5263 - Theory of Information Retrieval , " at Florida State University .
The discussion is divided into two parts ; one covers basic math , and the second covers the math of the vector model .
This document is meant to be used in conjunction with the textbook and other class material .
The first section covers essential mathematical building blocks :
Logarithms
Cosine
Summation
Dot Product ( vector multiplication )
The second section explains the math behind the calculations required for the vector model :
Inverse Document Frequency ( idf )
Normalized Frequency ( f i , j )
Weight Calculations
Mathematical Building Blocks
Logarithms : log(N )
The logarithm is the first mathematical function we need to understand .
The vector model has equations like log ( N / n i ) .
If you do n't know what a logarithm is , then you cannot understand what that means .
First of all , what is a function ?
In its simplest form , a function is a computation that takes a number as input , performs a calculation on that input , and returns the value of the calculation .
Consider the square function , " sq " . sq ( 2 ) returns 4 . sq ( 9 ) returns 81 .
So sq ( N ) just means to return the value of N * N .
Following that line of thinking , log ( 2 ) means to return the logarithm of the number 2 .
Log ( N ) means to return the value of the logarithm of the variable N , for whatever value N might have .
We know how to square a number but what is the logarithm function ?
How is it computed ?
We wo n't go into the derivation but if you play with Google a little , you can see the types of values that the logarithm function returns .
Google has a built - in calculator that we will use .
Type " log 0.5 " ( without the quotes ) into Google and you get - 0.301029996 .
Try " log 95 " and you get 1.97772361 .
Do a few more .
What is log 6666 ?
Just poking at random numbers gives us a little feel for the function , but an organized set of numbers reveals the true pattern :
N log ( N ) 1 0 10 1 100 2 1000 3 10000 4
10 to the power of log ( N ) = N .
So , if you have a number , and you take its logarithm , and then raise 10 to that power , you get back to your original number .
The chart shows that the logarithm function is useful in compressing numbers from very big to managable sizes ; it 's an " order of magnitude " reduction calculation .
Also , we note that the log ( 1 ) is equal to zero .
Both of these are useful and necessary in calculating weights , as we will soon see .
One more interesting characteristic of the logarithm function is that logs of values between 0 and 1 are negative numbers .
For instance , log ( 0.5 ) = - 0.301029996 .
A lot of times you 'll see - log ( X ) in an equation .
If X is a variable that ranges from zero to one , now you know why the negative sign may be there : the problem may demand that the number be positive .
Putting in the negative sign will turn a negative value positive .
So now if you see log ( N ) in an equation , you have a handle on what it means and can estimate some values for it !
A logarithm just measures the order of magnitude of a number N. It 's just a smaller number substituting for the original one .
And in the special case where N is one , then the log ( N ) will be zero .
Cosine
The cosine is a trigonometric function with some properties that are very useful in analyzing vectors .
We are representing documents in our collection as vectors .
We also represent the query as a vector .
If we could somehow compare the query vector to the vectors of each of the documents , then we would be able to say which of the documents is " closest " to the query .
This would gives us a ranking for our search .
See the class notes for a good description of how that works .
So how do you rank the closeness of vectors ?
One way to consider ( but it will get more complicated , of course ! ) is to just take the angle between them .
If the angle is very small , then the two vectors are pretty close .
If the angle is big , then they are not .
Easy .
However , if we want to do math on this and we are dealing with angles , we get a lot of weird numbers like 72 degrees .
Just like the log function smooths out numbers , angles are easier to deal with if they are normalized to vary in a regular way ... like between one and zero , for instance .
0 could mean " totally different " and 1 could mean " identical " with a full range of values ( similarities ) between 0 and 1 .
Now , if we make a little chart of some angles and their cosines , we can see how the cosine smooths out the angles :
Angle A Cosine ( A ) 0 1 30 .86 45 .70 60 .5 90 0
The table shows that when the angle between two vectors is very small , the cosine approaches 1 .
Indeed , if the two vectors match perfectly , the cosine equals 1 .
In our IR application , that would be a perfect match between the query vector and a document vector ..
As the angle increases , the cosine ( the degree of similarity between the vectors ) diminishes until it reaches zero when the vectors are at 90 degrees .
For those who like pictures :
In a coordinate system where every coordinate had equal weight , that might be an approximage measure of similarity .
However , for our vector model , we want to value different coordinates ( search terms ) differently , so we have to make it a little more complicated .
We 'll do that pretty soon !
For now , we see that cosine is a function that measures a relationship between two vectors .
The cosine of the angle between them approaches one as the vectors converge and approaches zero as the angle between the vectors approaches ninety degrees .
Summation
Now we need to review the summation operator , pronounced " sigma . "
It looks scary but it is n't that bad !
The sigma is an operator , just like a multiplication sign or a division sign .
It says to add together a series of numbers .
When you see a multiplication sign , you know you are going to be multiplying numbers .
When you see a sigma , you know you will be adding together a series of numbers .
The full expression looks like this :
This symbol denotes the sum of the terms : a 1 + a 2 + a 3 + ... + a n. " a 1 " means the first number in the series .
" a 2 " is the second , etc. " a n " is the final term in the series .
You know lots of series : 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , ... is a series .
2 , 4 , 6 , 8 , 10 , ... is a series .
1 , 3 , 2 , 4 , 3 , 5 , 4 , 6 , ... is a series .
" a 1 + a 2 + a 3 + ... + a n " and the sigma expression above are two different ways of saying the same thing .
There are a few variables associated with that expression that you need to understand as well .
The variables determine how many terms get added and which members of the series are included :
The variable k is the index of summation .
The values of k run from 1 to n in the expression above .
The a's are the terms that get added together .
They can be very complex expressions , but they are always members of a series and they always get added together .
The number 1 is the lower limit of summation .
That tells you which term to start with .
The variable n tells you when to stop , the upper limit of summation .
When you see an expression like that , the English translation would be " Take the summation from k equals 1 to k equals n of a sub k . " ( Finney et. al. 1995 )
Let 's look at some examples :
Example 1 :
In English : Take the sum of all k's from k=1 to k=5
Numerically : 1 + 2 + 3 + 4 + 5 = 15 ... fifteen is the answer .
Example 2 :
In English :
Take the sum of the squares of k as k goes from k=3 to k=6
Numerically : 9 +16 + 25 + 36 = 86 ... 86 is the answer .
Example 3 :
In English : Take the sum from k=2 to k=4 of ( k - 2 ) divided by 2
Numerically : 0 + 1/2 + 1 = 1.5 ... 1.5 is the answer .
So , a sigma just means " take the sum of this series " and when you see a sigma , you just figure out what the terms are , and then add them together .
You 'll always be adding them together ; that 's what it means .
Dot Product
Fasten your seat belt !
This section gets a little challenging , but it is the essence of how the vector model works .
This section describes yet another mathematical operator .
When mathematicians ( or physicists , or engineers , or librarians ) want to multiply two vectors together , one way they do it is with an operator called a " dot product . "
Its symbol is a big huge fat dot : •
If you had two vectors A and B and wanted to multiply them together , you 'd write A • B .
You 'd pronounce that expression " A dot product B . "
The result of a dot product operation is a scalar ( a single number ) , not a vector .
If the vectors are perfectly aligned , you calculate a dot product by multiplying their corresponding terms and adding the products together .
There will be as many products as there are dimensions in the coordinate system .
Thus , for a three dimensional vector , the dot product would be the sum ( see , it 's a scalar ! ) of the corresponding coordinates multiplied with one another .
If A = ( a 1 , a 2 , a 3 ) and B = ( b 1 , b 2 , b 3 ) , then
A • B = a 1 b 1 + a 2 b 2 + a 3 b 3 ( where a 1 b 1 means the first coordinate in A times the first coordinate in B , etc . )
Example : If A was a vector ( 3 , 4 , 7 ) and B was a vector ( 9 , 2 , 1 ) then
A • B = ( 3 * 9 ) + ( 4 * 2 ) + ( 7 * 1 ) = 27 + 8 + 7 = 42 .
Hint : in our complex document world , there are N documents and so there are N terms in the vectors !
You may recognize this as a sum of a series and recall the summation operator :
This just says that for two vectors , A and B , that are perfectly aligned , A • B equals the sum of the products of the corresponding coordinates of the two vectors .
However , if vectors are not perfectly aligned , we need a fudge factor to account for the skew in their alignment .
Thus the generalized formula for a dot product brings in our friend the cosine :
A • B = |A| | B| cos
where measures the angle between the vectors A and B and | A| means the absolute value of the vector .
[ The derivation of this comes from the Law of Cosines but you can just believe that it is true ! ]
If you think about some cases , you 'll see that this makes sense .
When the vectors are pointing at right angles , cos is zero , so the dot product is zero .
When the vectors are very close , the cosine approaches one and dampers it just a little .
This is used in physics when calculating work : the vectors are force and distance , and the angle is the angle at which the force is applied .
If you push a dresser with your shoulder so the force is parallel to the floor , it will slide easily ( but will scratch the floor ! )
If you lift the dresser up and move it , it 's a lot more work ( but you do n't scratch the floor ! )
One variation of this will show up later .
If we divide both sides of this equation by |A| | B| , we get :
Since we reasoned earlier that cosine was a good proxy for measuring the similarity between vectors , now we have discovered a relationship that we can use to describe the similarity between two vectors .
Using " sim ( A , B ) to mean that similarity , substitute that in for the cosine above and you get :
This is the key mathematical expression we need for the vector model , because it provides a formula for calculating similarity between vectors in terms of those vectors .
There are , however , a couple of other dot product formulas we need to see before we get into the vector model .
This uses some algebra to make variations on the equations we 've already seen .
Starting from A • B = |A| | B| cos , if you substitute A for B ( in other words , use the same vector for both A and B ) we get :
A • A = |A| | A| cos
But if it is the same vector , then it is lined up with itself , so the angle between them is zero , so the cosine of the angle equals 1 .
Substituting 1 for cos gives us A • A = | A| |A| = | A | 2
If we take the square root of each side we get
Recalling that A • B = a 1 b 1 + a 2 b 2 + a 3 b 3 , we can see that A • A = a 1 a 1 + a 2 a 2 + a 3 a 3
But a 1 a 1 is a 1 2 so a more compact way of saying this is :
A • A = a 1 2 + a 2 2 + a 3 2
By substituting the series for the dot product , we get
Under the square root sign we see a series , the sum of the squares .
Thus this equation can be written more compactly as :
We will see very soon how this helps calculate the degree of match between a query vector and a document vector .
Well , I told you to buckle your seatbelt !
This is all the background you need for dot products , and it is all the background you need to understand the vector model of information retrieval .
Vector Model Calculations
The vector model of Information Retrieval relies on three sets of calculations .
This model can work on selected index words or on full text .
In the discussion below , it really does n't matter .
The calculations needed for the vector model are :
The weight of each index word across the entire document set needs to be calculated .
This answers the question of how important the word is in the entire collection .
The weight of every index word within a given document ( in the context of that document only ) needs to be calculated for all N documents .
This answers the question of how important the word is within a single document .
For any query , the query vector is compared to every one of the document vectors .
The results can be ranked .
This answers the question of which document comes closest to the query , and ranks the others as to the closeness of the fit .
Throughout all the discussion , we need to have the basic vector model definitions at our disposal :
N The total number of documents in the system .
If your database contains 1,100 documents that are indexed , then N = 1,100 .
k i Some particular index term .
n i
The number of documents in which the term k i appears .
In the case above ( where N = 1,100 ) , this can range from 0 to 1100 .
freq i , j
The number of times a given keyword ( k i ) appears in a certain document ( document " j " ) w i , j
The term weight for k i in document j. w i , q
The term weight for k i in the query vector .
q = ( w 1 , q , w 2 , q , ... w t , q )
The query vector .
These are coordinates in t- dimensional space .
There are t terms in the index system ; the query vector has a weight for every one of them .
( The book puts little vector signs over the variable name ; I am bolding it instead ) .
d j = ( w 1 , j , w 2 , j , ... w t , j ) A document vector .
There are N documents in the system so there are N document vectors .
Each one has a weight for each keyword in the indexing system .
If the system is large , many of these values will be zero , since many keywords will not appear in the document vector for any given document .
In mathematical terms , this is called " sparse " .
f i , j Normalized frequency of k i in d j d j A representative document , the " j th " one .
The vector model definition on p. 27 describes these terms ( Baeza - Yates & Ribeiro - Neta , 1999 ) .
In addition , it explains the query vector and document vectors .
These consist of coordinate sets where the coordinates are the weights for each term in the entire system .
With very little discussion , the book then lays out this rather intimidating pair of equations to describe similarity between the vectors :
We are going to work our way through this , and you will soon see what this means .
Similarity
Starting back with our discussion of dot products , we remember that we could use cosine as a proxy for similarity between vectors , and arrived at this equation :
Translated into English , that says that the similarity between two vectors is equal to the dot product of the vectors divided by the product of the absolute values of the vectors .
In the vector model problem , we know that our two vectors are the query vector and a document vector .
So , letting A be a document vector ( d j ) and B be the query vector ( q ) , we can substitute for A and B to get the starting point that the book uses :
Now we use the dot product math that we learned earlier to expand this out .
Why do we want to do that ?
The basic problem is that the formula does not incorporate the weights of the terms in the query vector and the document vectors .
We want to use the weights to find out which document (s ) are closest to the query vector .
To solve for the similarity , then , we have to use a series of equations to express this same formula in terms of the vector coordinates ( the weights ) .
First , recall that :
A • B = a 1 b 1 + a 2 b 2 + a 3 b 3 from the definition of dot product above .
This just means that to calculate the value of a dot product , you multiply the first coordinates together , then add them to the product of the second coordinates , then add that sum to the product of the third coordinates , and you keep going until you hit the end of the coordinates .
You end up with a single number , not a vector .
Now , in our vector model , we are saying that A is the document vector , d j = ( w 1 , j , w 2 , j , ... , w t , j )
and B is our query vector q = ( w 1 , q , w 2 , q , ... , w t , q )
So we substitute for A and B , and expand out the terms , taking each term of d j , multiplying it by the corresponding term of q , and adding up all these products :
d j • q = ( w 1 , j * w 1 , q ) + ( w 2 , j * w 2 , q ) + ... + ( w n , j * w n , q )
So we are starting to incorporate the weights of the terms here .
Putting this back into our equation for similarity we get :
Now what about that denominator , | d | | q | .
What can we do with that ?
If we start with equation 2 :
and we substitute a document vector for A , we get
for the document component
and
for the query component
Substituting these into our monster equation , we have :
Well , we already know how to get rid of dot products : expand them out into the sum of the products of corresponding terms .
So we need to expand out the two square roots in the denominator .
Remember , though , that when you take the dot product of a vector with itself , you get a series of squares .
If it is D • D , the answer will be d 1 d 1 + d 2 d 2 + d 3 d 3 which is the same as d 1 2 + d 2 2 + d 3 2 . For our document vector , that turns into a series of the sums of the squares of the weights :
d j • d j = ( w 1 , j * w 1 , j ) + ( w 2 , j * w 2 , j ) + ... + ( w n , j * w n , j )
or
d j • d j = w 1 , j 2 + w 2 , j 2 + ... + w n , j 2
From our little work on sigma , we recognize that as the sum of the squares , a very simple mathematical series .
Since for the document vector the terms are the weights w i , j we end up with :
The query vector similarly reduces to
Each of these looks intimidating , but the meaning is pretty simple .
You just work through the coordinates one at a time .
For each one , you square it and add it to the running total .
So , putting our two sigmas back into the equation gives us :
Now are almost there .
One last substitution and we 'll be where the book ended up .
The numerator is also a series that can be expressed through sigma notation :
( w 1 , j * w 1 , q ) + ( w 2 , j * w 2 , q ) + ... + ( w n , j * w n , q )
Looking at this we see a series being summed , where each term is the product of the weight in the document vector times the weight in the query vector for the given keyword .
In sigma notation that is :
and if we put that back into our equation we get the intimidating equation in the book :
Now , though , we know what it means and where it came from .
We could even calculate some sample values if we felt so inclined .
Given a document vector and a query vector , all we have to do is multiply some pairs of weights , add up those products , do a little division , and we have a measure of similarity .
It looks hard but it is really pretty easy .
The class notes give a numerical example , and my vector utility program shows the values and how these sums are calculated for sample queries you enter .
Word values and weights
Up to this point we have thrown around a lot of expressions like ( w n , j * w n , q ) while ignoring exactly what those weights are .
We have seen that using weights we can calculate the similarity between vectors , and thus the closeness of fit between a document vector and a query vector .
By comparing the query vector to many document vectors , we can rank the documents as to the " goodness " of the fit against the query .
But just what are those weights and where do they come from ?
The next sections describe how the weights are calculated .
There are actually a lot of weights that need calculating !
One set of weights that we need , obviously , are the weights used in the query vector .
The query vector contains every index term usable in the document set .
The weight in the query vector reflects the keyword 's importantance in the context of the entire document set .
When N is large , this set of weights would probably get fairly stable .
A new document could be added to the document set without significantly changing values in the query vector .
The second set of weights that we need is potentially enormous .
For each of N documents in the document set , we need to calculate a weight for every index term in that document .
Each document has a document vector containing the weight for every index term appearing in the document .
If you have 1000 documents and 1000 index terms then you need to calculate 1,000,000 weights .
Every time you add a new document to the document set , you need to calculate a set of weights for the words in the new document .
What is it that makes a word important to a search ?
It can be important in two contexts : in the setting of the original document , and in the context of the entire collection .
A word that appears in every document , for instance , would have no value across the document set .
To calculate keyword weights , then , we need a way to combine the importance of a word in a document and to measure the importance of a word in the entire document set .
Once we have those values , we can calculate the weights .
A table shows how these factors combine in general terms :
Importance in document Importance in document set Weight High High Very high Low High Medium High Low Medium Low Low Very low
Information retrieval specialists use different methods for calculating document vector weights than for calculating query vector weights , and have a variety of techniques of measuring word importance in different contexts .
In general , though , they use statistical techniques incorporating word frequency analysis to calculate these values .
We will look at the frequency algorithms included in the textbook and then finally see how they are combined into weights .
f i , j : Normalized term frequency ( tf ) of k i in d j
The first frequency we examine is the term frequency of a word within a document .
We are going to learn how to calculate the normalized frequency of k i in d j .
Normalization is a mathematical process of smoothing or confining to a set range .
As explained in the textbook , a raw count of frequency is essentially useless .
In a very large document , a rare word may still appear 25 times .
A small document in the same document set may have no words that occur 25 times .
How can you compare those counts ?
We need to normalize the frequency count , so that it measures how rare a word is relative to its document regardless of the size of the document .
One way to do that is to compare the number of times a given word appears ( freq i , j ) to the number of times the most popular word in the text appears ( max ( freq l , j ) ) .
This is a way of scaling down the numbers and adjusting for the raw text size .
If you divide them , you get a very controlled range of values , less than or equal to one .
So we quickly get the formula in the book :
This just says that the normalized frequency for a given word in a given document ( f i , j ) is equal to the raw frequency of the word in the document ( freq i , j ) divided by the raw frequency of the most common word in the document ( max l freq l , j )
To see how nicely this normalizes the raw frequency counts , look at an example .
As always , freq i , j is the raw count of a given term k i in a given document d j .
Furthermore , we will pretend we have computed the value of freq i , j for all the terms in d j and know the most common word , max ( freq i , j ) .
Often that will be the word " the " ; here we pretend it occurs 100 times .
word freq i , j max ( freq i , j ) f i , j interception 1 100 .01 resolution 10 100 0.1 of 50 100 0.5 the 100 100 1
Again , " the " appears 100 times and is the most popular phrase .
That earns it a normalized frequency of 1.0 .
The word " resolution " appeared ten times in this document , so its normalized frequency is 10/100 or 0.1 .
The word " interception " occurs but once and has a normalized frequency of .01 .
In general , we see that common words would have higher normalized frequencies and rarer words would have lower normalized frequencies .
Zipf 's law predicts that there will be few words close to one and a lot of words in the very low range with a fair number in the middle , but that is a different topic .
Finally , for a word in the larger document set but not contained in the document under examination ,
f i , j would be equal to zero , since freq i , j = 0 and that is in the numerator of the normalized frequency .
So that 's what normalized frequency is : a measurement of frequency ranging from zero to 1 for each term in a document .
This formula assigns a higher value to words that appear more often than to words that appear less often ; in some sense , the more common words are more important or valuable than the words that only show up once or twice .
Inverse document frequency
Now we need to come up with a measure of frequency in the context of the entire document set .
This is called the " inverse document frequency " and is given by the formula idf = log ( N/n i ) .
What does it mean and what 's that formula all about ?
First , let 's consider that " inverse " part .
Unlike the case of normalized frequency within a document , in the context of the entire document set we want we want the importance of a word to go down as the frequency of the word goes up .
When the word appears in every document , we want this value to be zero .
After all , if it appears in every document , it is worthless as a differentiator between documents .
When the word only appears in a few documents , we want this to have a high value .
Hence , the inverse : high count , low value ; low count , high value .
This is just the opposite of the normalized frequency .
So how do we put a number on this ?
Remember the definitions :
N is total # of documents
n i is # of documents in which the search term of interest ( k i ) appears
We can make a ratio of N divided by n i , ( N / n i , ) that will express this inverse relationship pretty nicely .
To see it , make a little table :
N ni N/ ni Discussion 1000 1 1000
Low count , high value !
If the word only shows up once , the ratio turns out to be a very big number .
Hmm , if we used this for a weight it might dominate too much .
1000 100 10
This is a reasonable number , perhaps ...
1000 500 2 High count , low value .
1000 1000 1 Oops !
We said that when the word appears in every document , we wanted the weight to be zero .
Here our inverse ratio is equal to one .
This is a problem .
So , we are close , but we have some problems .
How do we fix the problems with our inverse ratio ?
We will use the logarithm function to normalized the values .
Instead of N / ni , consider log( N/ni ) :
N ni log( N / ni ) Discussion 1000 1 3
Well , 3 seems like a nice number to use as a weighting factor for a really rare word .
1000 100 2 I like 2 too 1000 500 .301029996
If a word shows up in half the documents , it is n't worth much ... hmmm , .3 sounds pretty good .
1000 1000 0 Bingo !
We said that when the word appears in every document , we wanted the weight to be zero .
Look at this !
It 's gonna work !.
So this looks like a pretty good idf .
It is zero when the word appears in all the documents , and scales up slowly even as our collection size gets enormous .
To use a diving analogy , the " idf " is comparable to the " degree of difficulty " of a dive .
The idf of a keyword is constant across a document collection .
It is only needs to be calculated once for a given set of documents .
The degree of difficulty of a dive does not change as different divers do it , and the idf of a search term does not change as the keyword is used in searches on different documents .
Weights
Now , finally , we get to calculate weights !
We got a preview earlier of how we want weights to behave .
If we add some sample data we see how well a simple multiplication of factors will work in creating weights :
Normalized frequency Inverse document frequency Weight Sample nf Sample idf Sample weight ( nf * idf ) High High Very high .9 1.2 1.08 Low High Medium .2 .9 .18 High Low Medium .85 .04 0.034 Low Low Very low .15 .09 0.0135
As illustrated , since both terms have been normalized , we can simply multiply them together to get one weight value that follows the overall rules in the table .
This , in fact , is the formula recommeded for calculating document weights :
This just says that the weight for k i in d j equals its normalized frequency ( nf ) times its inverse document frequency ( idf ) .
It will work well for both document weights .
For use in a query weight , of course , the normalized frequency would need to be calculated over the entire document set , not just a single document .
The text suggests an enhancement in the calculation of the query vector :
This is saying the weight of term i in query vector q equals the normalized frequency of the search term in the " text of the information request q " .
Since this would usually be a low number , there is a fudge factor of 0.5 : the recalculated normalized frequency gets half weight and a free " 0.5 " value is added in .
This would increase the value of a search phrase that was entered more than one time .
If you really wanted to find " jump " you could search for " jump jump jump " and this would increase the value of that phrase .
I have my doubts about the efficacy of that as a user interface .
In my test software , I used the unmodified normalized term frequency for the query vector weight .
Looking at the suggested term above , it seems as if the left multiplicand would be nearly constant .
Conclusion
The vector model of Information Retrieval is a powerful tool for constructing search machinery .
This discussion provided an introduction to the mathematical concepts required for understanding the vector model and showed the application of those concepts in the development of the model .
References
Baeza - Yates , R. & Ribeiro - Neta , B. ( 1999 ) .
Modern information retrieval .
New York : ACM Press .
Finney , R. , Thomas , G. , Demana , F. , & Waits , B. ( 1995 ) .
Calculus : Graphical , numerical , algebraic .
New York : Addison - Wesley Publishing Company .
YANGON , Myanmar ( CNN ) -- A British envoy who attended the third day of Myanmar opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi's trial on Wednesday said she appeared " robust " and in a positive frame of mind .
Filipino protesters rally in front of Myanmar 's embassy in Manila on May 19 , 2009 .
" She looked extremely alert , extremely in charge of the situation , in good spirits , in good humor at the end , " British Ambassador to Myanmar Mark Canning told CNN .
" She was very much in charge of her defense team . "
Canning was among 20 diplomats and 10 journalists permitted by the country 's military junta to view the proceedings , which lasted just over an hour .
He said Suu Kyi was not allowed to meet individually with diplomats .
But in the courtroom , she called out to diplomats in gratitude , saying , " thank you for coming and your support " and " I hope to meet you in better days . "
Britain 's ambassador was at the trial »
" Having the access we got today was good .
It 's better than not having access , " Canning said .
" But it 's no substitute to addressing the real issue : the fact that she should not be facing this trial , she should not be facing house arrest . "
Myanmar 's military junta also allowed diplomats from Russia , Singapore and Thailand to meet with the Nobel Peace Prize laureate .
The government 's decision to take a more open approach to the case is unusual , and follows days of international criticism of the case .
Among the critics are nine Nobel laureates who called the trial a " mockery " in a letter to U.N. Secretary - General Ban Ki-moon on Monday .
The case is being tried inside a prison compound near Yangon .
Police maintain a heavy presence outside .
After a slow start on the first day , the proceedings have picked up pace , offering hope to Suu Kyi's supporters that the trial might end soon .
" Certainly the opinion of her defense team is that things have speeded up a bit and that there could be a result as early as next week , " Canning said .
" But I have to say , the proceedings that we saw today , and it was only a small glimpse , were pretty slow running . "
Nyan Win , the spokesman for Suu Kyi's National League for Democracy , said the court might be speeding up the hearings so it can issue a verdict within seven days -- before Suu Kyi's latest round of home detention expires .
The 1991 Nobel Peace Prize winner has been under house arrest for 13 of the past 19 years -- a confinement that the military junta has regularly extended .
" The trial is a mockery , " the nine Nobel Peace Prize winners said in their letter .
" There is no judicial system in Burma .
It is clear that this is an excuse by the military junta to add trumped - up charges at a time when Daw Aung San Suu Kyi's unlawful detention was scheduled to end May 27 , 2009 . "
Signatories to the letter included Costa Rican President Oscar Arias and Archbishop Desmond Tutu of South Africa .
" Daw " is an honorific title in the southeast Asian country , which also is known as Burma .
Also on trial are two of Suu Kyi's maids and an American man who allegedly swam to her lakeside home , prompting the prosecution .
Suu Kyi , 63 , and her maids have been detained under Section 22 of the country 's legal code , a law against subversion .
If convicted , Suu Kyi could face three to five years in prison .
The charges stem from a May 3 incident , when John William Yettaw is accused of swimming almost two miles across the lake behind Suu Kyi's crumbling , colonial - era home and staying for two days .
The government said Yettaw 's presence in the closely guarded home violated the conditions of Suu Kyi's house arrest .
The country 's regime rarely allows Suu Kyi any visitors , and foreigners are not allowed overnight stays in local households without government permission .
Watch more on Suu Kyi's trial »
Yettaw , a 53 - year - old former military serviceman from Falcon , Missouri , is charged with violating immigration laws and trespassing .
The charges carry a maximum sentence of five years in prison .
A lawyer selected by the U.S. Embassy is representing him .
Suu Kyi's lawyers are expected to argue that the pro-democracy advocate knew nothing about the American 's plan to visit her and that she tried in vain to get him to leave .
The defense also is expected to turn the charges on their head , arguing that the government has failed to protect Suu Kyi .
U Kyi Win , one of Suu Kyi's lawyers , said Yettaw refused to leave -- first saying he did n't want to swim in daylight for fear of being captured , and later blaming leg cramps .
Suu Kyi did n't tell authorities about the visit because she did n't want get Yettaw or anyone else in trouble , U Kyi Win said .
The Nobel laureate has been the face of Myanmar 's pro-democracy movement and the focus of a global campaign to free her .
Watch former U.S. president Jimmy Carter discuss Aung San Suu Kyi »
Her National League for Democracy party won over 80 percent of the legislative seats in 1990 .
She was disqualified from serving because of her house arrest , and the military junta ignored the results .
The government has said next year 's scheduled elections will re-introduce democracy in Myanmar .
But its plan includes a clause that forbids citizens who bore children with foreigners from running for office .
That makes Suu Kyi ineligible because she married a British man and has two sons with him .
CNN 's Kocha Olarn and Dan Rivers contributed to this report .
All About Myanmar • Aung San Suu Kyi
Sage 4.1 was released on July 09 , 2009 .
For the official , comprehensive release note , please refer to sage - 4.1.txt .
The following points are some of the foci of this release :
Upgrade to the Python 2.6.x series
Support for building Singular with GCC 4.4
FreeBSD support for the following packages : FreeType , gd , libgcrypt , libgpg - error , Linbox , NTL , Readline , Tachyon
Combinatorics : irreducible matrix representations of symmetric groups ; and Yang - Baxter Graphs
Cryptography : Mini Advanced Encryption Standard for educational purposes
Graph theory : a backend for graph theory using Cython ( c_graph ) ; and improve accuracy of graph eigenvalues
Linear algebra : a general package for finitely generated , not - necessarily free R-modules ; and multiplicative order for matrices over finite fields
Miscellaneous : optimized Sudoku solver ; a decorator for declaring abstract methods ; support Unicode in LaTeX cells ( notebook ) ; and optimized integer division
Number theory : improved random element generation for number field orders and ideals ; support Michael Stoll ’s ratpoints package ; and elliptic exponential
Numerical : computing numerical values of constants using mpmath
Update / upgrade 19 packages to latest upstream releases
The following people made their first contribution in Sage 4.1 :
Golam Mortuza Hossain Peter Jeremy Peter Mora Stanislav Bulygin
In this release , we closed 91 tickets and added two new components to the list of standard packages .
These new spkg ’s are mpmath for multiprecision floating - point arithmetic , and Ratpoints for computing rational points on hyperelliptic curves .
This brings the total number of standard packages to 95 .
We increased doctest coverage by 0.3 % , bringing the overall weighted doctest coverage score to 77.8 % .
A total of 216 functions were added ; the total number of functions is now at 22398 .
For detailed information on what changed in this release , refer to trac .
Here is a summary of main features in this release , categorized under various headings :
Algebraic Geometry
Construct an elliptic curve from a plane curve of genus one ( Lloyd Kilford , John Cremona ) — New function EllipticCurve_from_plane_curve( ) in the module sage / schemes / elliptic_curves / constructor.py to allow the construction of an elliptic curve from a smooth plane cubic with a rational point .
Currently , this function uses Magma and it will not work on machines that do not have Magma installed .
Assuming you have Magma installed on your computer , we can use the function EllipticCurve_from_plane_curve ( ) to first check that the Fermat cubic is isomorphic to the curve with Cremona label “ 27a1 ” : sage : x , y , z = PolynomialRing ( QQ , 3 , 'xyz ' ) .gens ( ) # optional - magma sage : C = Curve( x ^3 + y^ 3 + z ^3 ) # optional - magma sage : P = C( 1 , - 1 , 0 ) # optional - magma sage : E = EllipticCurve_from_plane_curve(C , P ) # optional - magma sage : E # optional - magma Elliptic Curve defined by y^2 + y = x ^3 - 7 over Rational Field sage : E.label ( ) # optional - magma ' 27 a1 '
Here is a quartic example : sage : u , v , w = PolynomialRing ( QQ , 3 , 'uvw ' ) .gens ( ) # optional - magma sage : C = Curve ( u ^4 + u^2*v^2 - w ^4 ) # optional - magma sage : P = C( 1 , 0 , 1 ) # optional - magma sage : E = EllipticCurve_from_plane_curve(C , P ) # optional - magma sage : E # optional - magma Elliptic Curve defined by y^2 = x ^3 + 4 * x over Rational Field sage : E.label ( ) # optional - magma ' 32 a1 '
Basic Arithmetic
Speed - up integer division ( Robert Bradshaw ) —
In some cases , integer division is now up to 31 % faster than previously .
The following timing statistics were obtained using the machine sage .
math : # BEFORE sage : a = next_prime ( 2** 31 ) sage : b = Integers ( a ) ( 100 ) sage : % timeit a % b ; 1000000 loops , best of 3 : 1.12 µs per loop sage : % timeit 101 // int ( 5 ) ; 1000000 loops , best of 3 : 215 ns per loop sage : % timeit 100 // int( - 3 ) 1000000 loops , best of 3 : 214 ns per loop sage : a = ZZ.random_element ( 10**50 ) sage : b = ZZ.random_element ( 10** 15 ) sage : % timeit a.quo_rem ( b ) 1000000 loops , best of 3 : 454 ns per loop # AFTER sage : a = next_prime ( 2** 31 ) sage : b = Integers ( a ) ( 100 ) sage : % timeit a % b ; 1000000 loops , best of 3 : 1.02 µs per loop sage : % timeit 101 // int ( 5 ) ; 1000000 loops , best of 3 : 201 ns per loop sage : % timeit 100 // int( - 3 ) 1000000 loops , best of 3 : 194 ns per loop sage : a = ZZ.random_element ( 10**50 ) sage : b = ZZ.random_element ( 10** 15 ) sage : % timeit a.quo_rem ( b ) 1000000 loops , best of 3 : 313 ns per loop
Combinatorics
Irreducible matrix representations of symmetric groups ( Franco Saliola ) — Support for constructing irreducible representations of the symmetric group .
This is based on Alain Lascoux ’s article Young representations of the symmetric group .
The following types of representations are supported : Specht representations —
The matrices have integer entries : sage : chi = SymmetricGroupRepresentation ( [ 3 , 2 ] ) ; chi Specht representation of the symmetric group corresponding to [ 3 , 2 ] sage : chi( [ 5 , 4 , 3 , 2 , 1 ] ) [ 1 - 1 0 1 0 ] [ 0 0 - 1 0 1 ] [ 0 0 0 - 1 1 ] [ 0 1 - 1 - 1 1 ] [ 0 1 0 - 1 1 ]
Young ’s seminormal representation —
The matrices have rational entries : sage : snorm = SymmetricGroupRepresentation ( [ 2 , 1 ] , " seminormal " ) ; snorm Seminormal representation of the symmetric group corresponding to [ 2 , 1 ] sage : snorm ( [ 1 , 3 , 2 ] ) [ - 1/2 3/2 ] [ 1/2 1/2 ]
Young ’s orthogonal representation ( the matrices are orthogonal ) —
These matrices are defined over Sage ’s SymbolicRing : sage : ortho = SymmetricGroupRepresentation ( [ 3 , 2 ] , " orthogonal " ) ; ortho Orthogonal representation of the symmetric group corresponding to [ 3 , 2 ] sage : ortho ( [ 1 , 3 , 2 , 4 , 5 ] ) [ 1 0 0 0 0 ] [ 0 -1/2 1/2*sqrt(3 ) 0 0 ] [ 0 1/2*sqrt(3 ) 1/2 0 0 ] [ 0 0 0 -1/2 1/2*sqrt ( 3 ) ] [ 0 0 0 1/2*sqrt(3 ) 1/2 ]
You can also create the CombinatorialClass of all irreducible matrix representations of a given symmetric group .
Then particular representations can be created by providing partitions .
For example : sage : chi = SymmetricGroupRepresentations ( 5 ) ; chi Specht representations of the symmetric group of order 5 ! over Integer Ring sage : chi ( [ 5 ] ) # the trivial representation Specht representation of the symmetric group corresponding to [ 5 ] sage : chi ( [ 5 ] ) ( [ 2 , 1 , 3 , 4 , 5 ] ) [ 1 ] sage : chi( [ 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 ] ) # the sign representation Specht representation of the symmetric group corresponding to [ 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 ] sage : chi ( [ 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 ] ) ( [ 2 , 1 , 3 , 4 , 5 ] ) [ - 1 ] sage : chi ( [ 3 , 2 ] ) Specht representation of the symmetric group corresponding to [ 3 , 2 ] sage : chi ( [ 3 , 2 ] ) ( [ 5 , 4 , 3 , 2 , 1 ] ) [ 1 - 1 0 1 0 ] [ 0 0 - 1 0 1 ] [ 0 0 0 - 1 1 ] [ 0 1 - 1 - 1 1 ] [ 0 1 0 - 1 1 ]
See the documentation of SymmetricGroupRepresentation and SymmetricGroupRepresentations for more information and examples .
Yang - Baxter graphs ( Franco Saliola ) —
Besides being used for constructing the irreducible matrix representations of the symmetric group , Yang - Baxter graphs can also be used to construct the Cayley graph of a finite group .
For example : sage : def left_multiplication_by ( g ) : .... : return lambda h : h*g .... : sage : G = AlternatingGroup ( 4 ) sage : operators = [ left_multiplication_by ( gen ) for gen in G.gens ( ) ] sage : Y = YangBaxterGraph( root=G.identity ( ) , operators=operators ) ; Y Yang - Baxter graph with root vertex ( ) sage : Y.plot(edge_labels=False )
Yang - Baxter graphs can also be used to construct the permutahedron : sage : from sage.combinat.yang_baxter_graph import SwapIncreasingOperator sage : operators = [ SwapIncreasingOperator ( i ) for i in range ( 3 ) ] sage : Y = YangBaxterGraph ( root= ( 1,2,3,4 ) , operators=operators ) ; Y Yang - Baxter graph with root vertex ( 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 ) sage : Y.plot ( )
See the documentation of YangBaxterGraph for more information and examples .
Cryptography
Mini Advanced Encryption Standard for educational purposes ( Minh Van Nguyen ) —
New module sage / crypto / block_cipher / miniaes.py to support the Mini Advanced Encryption Standard ( Mini - AES ) to allow students to explore the working of a block cipher .
This is a simplified variant of the Advanced Encryption Standard ( AES ) to be used for cryptography education .
Mini-AES is described in the paper : A. C. - W. Phan .
Mini advanced encryption standard ( mini - AES ) : a testbed for cryptanalysis students .
Cryptologia , 26(4):283–306 , 2002 .
We can encrypt a plaintext using Mini-AES as follows : sage : from sage.crypto.block_cipher.miniaes import MiniAES sage : maes = MiniAES ( ) sage : K = FiniteField ( 16 , " x " ) sage : MS = MatrixSpace ( K , 2 , 2 ) sage : P = MS ( [ K ( " x ^3 + x " ) , K ( " x ^ 2 + 1 " ) , K ( " x ^ 2 + x " ) , K ( " x^ 3 + x ^ 2 " ) ] ) ; P [ x ^3 + x x ^2 + 1 ] [ x ^2 + x x ^3 + x ^ 2 ] sage : key = MS ( [ K ( " x ^3 + x ^ 2 " ) , K ( " x^3 + x " ) , K ( " x ^3 + x ^ 2 + x " ) , K ( " x ^ 2 + x + 1 " ) ] ) ; key [ x ^3 + x ^2 x ^3 + x ] [ x ^3 + x ^2 + x x ^2 + x + 1 ] sage : C = maes.
encrypt ( P , key ) ; C [ x x ^2 + x ] [ x ^3 + x ^2 + x x ^3 + x ]
Here is the decryption process : sage : plaintxt = maes.decrypt( C , key ) sage : plaintxt == P True
We can also work directly with binary strings : sage : from sage.crypto.block_cipher.miniaes import MiniAES sage : maes = MiniAES ( ) sage : bin = BinaryStrings ( ) sage : key = bin.encoding ( " KE " ) ; key 0100101101000101 sage : P = bin.encoding ( " Encrypt this secret message ! " ) sage : C = maes( P , key , algorithm = " encrypt " ) sage : plaintxt = maes( C , key , algorithm = " decrypt " ) sage : plaintxt == P True
Or work with integers such that : sage : from sage.crypto.block_cipher.miniaes import MiniAES sage : maes = MiniAES ( ) sage : P = [ n for n in xrange ( 16 ) ] ; P [ 0 , 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 , 9 , 10 , 11 , 12 , 13 , 14 , 15 ] sage : key = [ 2 , 3 , 11 , 0 ] ; key [ 2 , 3 , 11 , 0 ] sage : P = maes.integer_to_binary ( P ) sage : key = maes.integer_to_binary ( key ) sage : C = maes( P , key , algorithm = " encrypt " ) sage : plaintxt = maes( C , key , algorithm = " decrypt " ) sage : plaintxt == P True
to support the Mini Advanced Encryption Standard ( Mini - AES ) to allow students to explore the working of a block cipher .
This is a simplified variant of the Advanced Encryption Standard ( AES ) to be used for cryptography education .
Mini-AES is described in the paper :
Graph Theory
Fast compiled graphs c_graph ( Robert Miller ) —
The Python package NetworkX version 0.36 is currently the default graph implementation in Sage .
The goal of fast compiled graphs , or c_graph , is to be the default implementation of graph theory in Sage .
The c_graph implementation is developed using Cython , which allows graph theoretic computations to run at the speed of C .
The c_graph backend is implemented in the module sage / graphs / base / c_graph.pyx .
This module is called by higher - level frontends in sage / graphs / .
Where support is provided for using c_graph , graph theoretic computations is usually more efficient than using NetworkX .
For example , the following timing statistics were obtained using the machine sage .
math : # NetworkX 0.36 sage : time G = Graph ( 1000000 , implementation = " networkx " ) CPU times : user 8.74 s , sys : 0.27 s , total : 9.01 s Wall time : 9.08 s # c_graph sage : time G = Graph ( 1000000 , implementation = " c_graph " ) CPU times : user 0.01 s , sys : 0.14 s , total : 0.15 s Wall time : 0.19 s Here , we see an efficiency gain of up to 47 x using c_graph .
( Robert Miller ) —
The Python package NetworkX version 0.36 is currently the default graph implementation in Sage .
The goal of fast compiled graphs , or , is to be the default implementation of graph theory in Sage .
The c_graph implementation is developed using Cython , which allows graph theoretic computations to run at the speed of C .
The backend is implemented in the module .
This module is called by higher - level frontends in .
Where support is provided for using , graph theoretic computations is usually more efficient than using NetworkX .
For example , the following timing statistics were obtained using the machine sage .
math : Improve accuracy of graph eigenvalues ( Rob Beezer ) —
New routines to compute eigenvalues and eigenvectors of integer matrices more precisely than before .
Rather than converting adjacency matrices of graphs to computations over the real or complex fields , adjacency matrices are retained as matrices over the integers , yielding more accurate and informative results for eigenvalues , eigenvectors , and eigenspaces .
Here is a comparison involving the computation of graph spectrum : # BEFORE sage : g = graphs .
CycleGraph ( 8 ) ; g Cycle graph : Graph on 8 vertices sage : g.spectrum ( )
[ - 2.0 , - 1.41421356237 , -1.41421356237 , 4.02475820828e-18 , 6.70487495185e-17 , 1.41421356237 , 1.41421356237 , 2.0 ]
# AFTER sage : g = graphs .
CycleGraph ( 8 ) ; g Cycle graph : Graph on 8 vertices sage : g.spectrum ( ) [ 2 , 1.414213562373095 ? , 1.414213562373095 ? , 0 , 0 , -1.414213562373095 ? , -1.414213562373095 ? , - 2 ]
Integer eigenvalues are now exact , irrational eigenvalues are more precise than previously , making multiplicities easier to determine .
Similar comments apply to eigenvectors : sage : g.eigenvectors ( ) [ ( 2 , [ ( 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 , 1 ) ] , 1 ) , ( - 2 , [ ( 1 , - 1 , 1 , - 1 , 1 , - 1 , 1 , - 1 ) ] , 1 ) , ( 0 , [ ( 1 , 0 , - 1 , 0 , 1 , 0 , - 1 , 0 ) , ( 0 , 1 , 0 , - 1 , 0 , 1 , 0 , - 1 ) ] , 2 ) , ( - 1.414213562373095 ? , [ ( 1 , 0 , -1 , 1.414213562373095 ? , - 1 , 0 , 1 , -1.414213562373095 ? ) , ( 0 , 1 , -1.414213562373095 ? , 1 , 0 , -1 , 1.414213562373095 ? , - 1 ) ] , 2 ) , ( 1.414213562373095 ? , [ ( 1 , 0 , -1 , -1.414213562373095 ? , - 1 , 0 , 1 , 1.414213562373095 ? ) , ( 0 , 1 , 1.414213562373095 ? , 1 , 0 , -1 , -1.414213562373095 ? , - 1 ) ] , 2 ) ]
Eigenspaces are exact , in that they can be expressed as vector spaces over number fields .
When the defining polynomial has several roots , the eigenspaces are not repeated .
Previously , eigenspaces were “ fractured ” owing to slight computational differences in identical eigenvalues .
In concert with eigenvectors ( ) , this command illuminates the structure of a graph ’s eigenspaces more than purely numerical results .
sage : g.eigenspaces ( ) [ ( 2 , Vector space of degree 8 and dimension 1 over Rational Field User basis matrix : [ 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 ] ) , ( - 2 , Vector space of degree 8 and dimension 1 over Rational Field User basis matrix : [ 1 - 1 1 - 1 1 - 1 1 - 1 ] ) , ( 0 , Vector space of degree 8 and dimension 2 over Rational Field User basis matrix : [ 1 0 - 1 0 1 0 - 1 0 ] [ 0 1 0 - 1 0 1 0 - 1 ] ) , ( a3 , Vector space of degree 8 and dimension 2 over Number Field in a3 with defining polynomial x^2 - 2
User basis matrix : [ 1 0 - 1 - a3 - 1 0 1 a3 ] [ 0 1 a3 1 0 - 1 -a3 - 1 ] ) ]
Complex eigenvalues ( of digraphs ) previously were missing their imaginary parts .
This issue has been fixed as part of the improvement in calculating graph eigenvalues .
Graphics
Plot histogram improvement ( David Joyner ) — Some improvements to the plot_histogram ( ) function of the class IndexedSequence in sage / gsl / dft.py .
The default colour of the histogram is blue : sage : J = range ( 3 ) sage : A = [ ZZ ( i ^2 ) + 1 for i in J ] sage : s = IndexedSequence ( A , J ) sage : s.plot_histogram ( )
You can now change the colour of the histogram with the argument clr : sage : s.plot_histogram(clr=( 1,0,0 ) )
and even use the argument eps to change the width of the spacing between the bars : sage : s.plot_histogram(clr=( 1,0,1 ) , eps=0.3 )
Linear Algebra
Multiplicative order for matrices over finite fields ( Yann Laigle - Chapuy ) — New method multiplicative_order ( ) in the class Matrix of sage / matrix / matrix0.pyx for computing the multiplicative order of a matrix .
Here are some examples on using the new method multiplicative_order ( ) : sage : A = matrix ( GF ( 59 ) , 3 , [ 10,56,39,53,56,33,58,24,55 ] ) sage : A.multiplicative_order ( ) 580 sage : ( A^580 ) .is_one ( )
True sage : B = matrix ( GF ( 10007^3 , ' b ' ) , 0 ) sage : B.multiplicative_order ( ) 1 sage : E = MatrixSpace ( GF ( 11^2 , 'e ' ) , 5).random_element ( ) sage : ( E^E.multiplicative_order ( ) ) .is_one ( )
True
in the class of for computing the multiplicative order of a matrix .
Here are some examples on using the new method :
A general package for finitely generated not - necessarily free R-modules ( William Stein , David Loeffler ) —
This consists of the following new Sage modules : sage / modules/ fg_pid/fgp_element.py —
Elements of finitely generated modules over a principal ideal domain .
Here are some examples : sage : V = span ( [ [ 1/2,1,1 ] , [ 3/2,2,1 ] , [ 0,0,1 ] ] , ZZ ) sage : W = V.span([ 2*V.0+4*V.1 , 9*V.0+12*V.1 , 4*V.2 ] ) sage : Q = V/W sage : x = Q ( V.0 - V.1 ) ; x ( 0 , 3 ) sage : type(x ) < class ' sage.modules.fg_pid.fgp_element.FGP_Element '> sage : x is Q(x ) True sage : x.parent ( ) is Q
True sage : Q Finitely generated module V/W over Integer Ring with invariants ( 4 , 12 ) sage : Q.0.additive_order ( ) 4 sage : Q.1.additive_order ( ) 12 sage : ( Q.0+Q.1).additive_order ( ) 12 sage / modules/fg_pid/fgp_module.py —
Finitely generated modules over a principal ideal domain .
Currently , only the principal ideal domain of integers is supported .
Here are some examples : sage : V = span ( [ [ 1/2,1,1 ] , [ 3/2,2,1 ] , [ 0,0,1 ] ] , ZZ ) sage : W = V.span([ 2*V.0+4*V.1 , 9*V.0+12*V.1 , 4*V.2 ] ) sage : import sage.modules.fg_pid.fgp_module sage : Q = sage.modules.fg_pid.fgp_module.FGP_Module(V , W ) sage : type(Q ) < class ' sage.modules.fg_pid.fgp_module.FGP_Module_class '> sage : Q is sage.modules.fg_pid.fgp_module.FGP_Module(V , W , check =False )
True sage : X = ZZ ** 2 / span ( [ [ 3,0 ] , [ 0,2 ] ] , ZZ ) sage : X.linear_combination_of_smith_form_gens ( [ 1 ] ) ( 1 ) sage : Q Finitely generated module V/W over Integer Ring with invariants ( 4 , 12 ) sage : Q.gens ( ) ( ( 1 , 0 ) , ( 0 , 1 ) ) sage : Q.coordinate_vector ( - Q.0 ) ( - 1 , 0 ) sage : Q.coordinate_vector( - Q.0 , reduce= True ) ( 3 , 0 ) sage : Q.cardinality ( ) 48 sage / modules/fg_pid/fgp_morphism.py —
Morphisms between finitely generated modules over a principal ideal domain .
Here are some examples : sage : V = span ( [ [ 1/2,1,1 ] , [ 3/2,2,1 ] , [ 0,0,1 ] ] , ZZ ) sage : W = V.span([ 2*V.0+4*V.1 , 9*V.0+12*V.1 , 4*V.2 ] ) sage : Q = V/W ; Q Finitely generated module V/W over Integer Ring with invariants ( 4 , 12 ) sage : phi = Q.hom ( [ Q.0+3*Q.1 , - Q.1 ] ) ; phi Morphism from module over Integer Ring with invariants ( 4 , 12 ) to module with invariants ( 4 , 12 ) that sends the generators to [ ( 1 , 3 ) , ( 0 , 11 ) ] sage : phi( Q.0 ) == Q.0 + 3 *Q.1
True sage : phi( Q.1 ) == - Q.1 True sage : Q.hom ( [ 0 , Q.1 ] ) .kernel ( )
Finitely generated module V/W over Integer Ring with invariants ( 4 ) sage : A = Q.hom ( [ Q.0 , 0 ] ) .kernel ( ) ; A Finitely generated module V/W over Integer Ring with invariants ( 12 ) sage : Q.1 in A True sage : phi = Q.hom ( [ Q.0-3*Q.1 , Q.0 +Q.1 ] ) sage : A = phi.kernel ( ) ; A Finitely generated module V/W over Integer Ring with invariants ( 4 ) sage : phi(A ) Finitely generated module V/ W over Integer Ring with invariants ()
Miscellaneous
An optimized Sudoku solver ( Rob Beezer , Tom Boothby ) — Support two algorithms for efficiently solving a Sudoku puzzle : a backtrack algorithm and the DLX algorithm .
Generally , the DLX algorithm is very fast and very consistent .
The backtrack algorithm is very variable in its performance , on some occasions markedly faster than DLX but usually slower by a similar factor , with the potential to be orders of magnitude slower .
The following code compares the performance between the Sudoku solver in Sage 4.0.2 and that in this release .
We also compare the performance between the backtrack algorithm and the DLX algorithm .
All timing statistics were obtained using the machine sage .
math : # BEFORE sage : A = matrix ( ZZ, 9 , [ 5,0,0 , 0,8,0 , 0,4,9 , 0,0,0 , 5,0,0 , 0,3,0 , 0,6,7 , \ .... : 3,0,0 , 0,0,1 , 1,5,0 , 0,0,0 , 0,0,0 , 0,0,0 , 2,0,8 , 0,0,0 , \ .... : 0,0,0 , 0,0,0 , 0,1,8 , \ .... : 7,0,0 , 0,0,4 , 1,5,0 , 0,3,0 , 0,0,2 , 0,0,0 , 4,9,0 , 0,5,0 , 0,0,3 ] ) sage : % timeit sudoku( A ) ; 10 loops , best of 3 : 43.5 ms per loop sage : from sage.games.sudoku import solve_recursive sage : B = matrix ( ZZ , 9 , 9 , [ [ 0,0,0,0,1,0,9,0,0 ] , [ 8,0,0,4,0,0,0,0,0 ] , \ .... : [ 2,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0 ] , [ 0,7,0,0,3,0,0,0,0 ] , [ 0,0,0,0,0,0, 2,0,4 ] , \ .... : [ 0,0,0,0,0,0,0,5,8 ] , [ 0,6,0,0,0,0,1,3,0 ] , [ 7,0,0,2,0,0,0,0,0 ] , \ .... : [ 0,0,0,8,0,0,0,0,0 ] ] ) sage : % timeit solve_recursive( B , 8 , 5 ) ; 1000 loops , best of 3 : 325 µs per loop # AFTER sage : h = Sudoku( ' 8..6..9.5 ............. 2.31...7318.6.24 .....73........... 279.1..5... 8..36..3......') sage : % timeit h.solve(algorithm='backtrack ') . next ( ) ; 1000 loops , best of 3 : 1.12 ms per loop sage : % timeit h.solve(algorithm='dlx ') . next ( ) ; 1000 loops , best of 3 : 1.58 ms per loop sage : # These are the first 10 puzzles in a list of " Top 95 " puzzles .
sage : top = [ '4 ..... 8.5.3..........7......2.....6..... 8.4......1....... 6.3.7.5..2..... 1.4......', \ .... : ' 52...6......... 7.13 ........... 4.. 8..6......5........... 418......... 3..2... 87.....', \ .... : ' 6..... 8.3.4.7................. 5.4.7.3..2..... 1.6.......2.....5..... 8.6......1....', \ .... : ' 48.3 ............ 71.2....... 7.5....6.... 2..8............. 1.76...3.....4......5....', \ ....: '.... 14....3....2...7.......... 9...3.6.1............. 8.2..... 1.4.... 5.6..... 7.8...', \ ....: '...... 52.. 8.4......3...9... 5.1... 6..2..7........3..... 6...1.......... 7.4....... 3.', \ ....: ' 6.2.5......... 3.4.......... 43...8....1....2........ 7.. 5..27........... 81...6.....', \ .... : '.524 ......... 7.1.............. 8.2...3..... 6... 9.5..... 1.6.3........... 897........', \ ....: ' 6.2.5......... 4.3.......... 43...8....1....2........ 7.. 5..27........... 81...6.....', \ .... : '.923 ......... 8.1........... 1.7.4........... 658......... 6.5.2...4.....7.....9.....'] sage : p = [ Sudoku ( top [ i ] ) for i in xrange ( 10 ) ] sage : for i in xrange ( 10 ) : .... : % timeit p[i].solve(algorithm='dlx ') . next ( ) ; .... : % timeit p[i].solve(algorithm='backtrack ') . next ( ) ; ....: 100 loops , best of 3 : 2.26 ms per loop 10 loops , best of 3 : 223 ms per loop 100 loops , best of 3 : 2.6 ms per loop 10 loops , best of 3 : 21.3 ms per loop 100 loops , best of 3 : 2.38 ms per loop 10 loops , best of 3 : 83.5 ms per loop 1000 loops , best of 3 : 1.76 ms per loop 10 loops , best of 3 : 43.5 ms per loop 1000 loops , best of 3 : 1.86 ms per loop 10 loops , best of 3 : 316 ms per loop 1000 loops , best of 3 : 1.65 ms per loop 10 loops , best of 3 : 145 ms per loop 100 loops , best of 3 : 1.84 ms per loop 10 loops , best of 3 : 547 ms per loop 1000 loops , best of 3 : 1.77 ms per loop 10 loops , best of 3 : 255 ms per loop 100 loops , best of 3 : 2.08 ms per loop 10 loops , best of 3 : 445 ms per loop 1000 loops , best of 3 : 1.67 ms per loop 10 loops , best of 3 : 266 ms per loop
A decorator for declaring abstract methods ( Nicolas Thiéry ) —
Support a decorator that can be used to declare a method that should be implemented by derived classes .
This declaration should typically include documentation for the specification for this method .
The purpose of the decorator is to enforce a consistent and visual syntax for such declarations .
The decorator is also used by the Sage categories framework for automated tests .
As an example , here we create a class with an abstract method : sage : class A ( object ) : ....: @abstract_method .... : def my_method( self ) : .... : " " " ....: The method : meth:`my_method` computes my_method .... : " " " .... : pass .... : sage : A.my_method
The current policy is that a NotImplemented Error is raised when accessing the method through an instance , even before the method is called : sage : x = A ( ) sage : x.my_method
Traceback ( most recent call last ) : ... NotImplementedError : < abstract method my_method at 0x7f53414a7410 >
It is also possible to mark abstract methods as optional : sage : class A ( object ) : .... : @abstract_method(optional=True ) .... : def my_method ( self ) : .... : " " " ....: The method : meth:`my_method` computes my_method .... : " " " .... : pass .... : sage : A.my_method < optional abstract method my_method at 0x3b551b8 > sage : x = A ( ) sage : x.my_method NotImplemented
Notebook
Unicode in %latex cells ( Peter Mora ) —
One can now enter Unicode characters directly in Notebook cells .
Here is a screenshot illustrating this :
cells ( Peter Mora ) —
One can now enter Unicode characters directly in Notebook cells .
Here is a screenshot illustrating this : Allow \[ and \ ] to delimit math in %html blocks ( John Palmieri ) —
One can now enter % html test \ [ x ^2 \ ] and the expression is typeset in math mode .
Number Theory
Improved random_element ( ) method for number field orders and ideals ( John Cremona ) —
The new method random_element ( ) of the class NumberFieldIdeal in sage / rings/ number_field/number_field_ideal.py returns a random element of a fractional ideal , computed as a random - linear combination of the basis .
A similar method has also been implemented for the class Order in sage / rings/ number_field / order .py }.
Here are some examples on using this new method : sage : K.<a> = NumberField ( x^3 + 2 ) sage : I = K.ideal ( 1 - a ) sage : I.random_element ( )
2*a^2 + a + 3 sage : I.random_element(distribution=" uniform " ) - a^2 + 2*a + 2 sage : I.random_element (-30 , 30 ) - 30 *a^2 + 17*a - 11 sage : I.random_element (-30,30 ) .parent ( ) is K True sage : K.<a> = NumberField ( x^3 + 2 ) sage : OK = K.ring_of_integers ( ) sage : OK.random_element ( )
2*a^2 + 7*a + 2 sage : OK.random_element(distribution=" uniform " )
- 2*a^2 + a - 1 sage : K.order(a).random_element ( )
-2*a^2 - a - 5
method for number field orders and ideals ( John Cremona ) —
The new method of the class in returns a random element of a fractional ideal , computed as a random - linear combination of the basis .
A similar method has also been implemented for the class in } .
Here are some examples on using this new method : Support for Michael Stoll ’s ratpoints package ( Robert Miller , Michael Stoll ) —
Stoll ’s ratpoints package is a program for finding points of bounded height on curves of the form .
The library code is contained in the Cython module sage / libs / ratpoints .pyx .
Here are some examples for working with ratpoints : sage : from sage.libs.ratpoints import ratpoints sage : for x , y, z in ratpoints ( [ 1..6 ] , 200 ) : .... : print - 1*y ^2 + 1*z^6 + 2*x*z^5 + 3* x ^2*z^4 + 4*x ^3*z^3 + 5 * x ^4*z^2 + 6 * x ^5 * z ....: 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 sage : for x , y, z in ratpoints ( [ 1..5 ] , 200 ) : .... : print - 1*y ^2 + 1*z^4 + 2*x*z^3 + 3* x ^2*z^2 + 4 * x ^3*z + 5 * x ^4 ....: 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
.
The library code is contained in the Cython module .
Here are some examples for working with ratpoints : Elliptic exponential ( John Cremona ) — New method elliptic_exponential ( ) in the class EllipticCurve_rational_field of sage / schemes/elliptic_curves/ell_rational_field.py for computing the elliptic exponential of a complex number with respect to an elliptic curve .
A similar method is also defined for the class PeriodLattice_ell in sage / schemes/ elliptic_curves/period_lattice.py .
Here are some examples : sage : E = EllipticCurve ( [ 1,1,1, - 8,6 ] ) sage : P = E ( [ 0,2 ] ) sage : z = P.elliptic_logarithm ( ) sage : E.elliptic_exponential(z ) ( - 1.6171648557030742010940435588e-29 : 2.0000000000000000000000000000 : 1.0000000000000000000000000000 ) sage : z = E ( [ 0,2]).elliptic_logarithm(precision=200 ) sage : E.elliptic_exponential(z ) ( - 1.6490990486332025523931769742517329237564168247111092902718e-59 : 2.0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000 : 1.0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000 )
And here are some torsion examples : sage : E = EllipticCurve ( '389a ' ) sage : w1,w2 = E.period_lattice ( ) .basis ( ) sage : E.two_division_polynomial ( ).roots ( CC, multiplicities =False ) [ - 2.04030220028546 , 0.135409240221753 , 0.904892960063711 ] sage : [ E.elliptic_exponential ( ( a* w1+b*w2 ) /2 ) [ 0 ] for a , b in [ ( 0,1 ) , ( 1,1 ) , ( 1,0 ) ] ]
[ - 2.04030220028546 , 0.135409240221753 , 0.904892960063711 ] sage : E.division_polynomial(3).roots ( CC, multiplicities =False ) [- 2.88288879135334 , 1.39292799513138 , 0.0783137314443164 - 0.492840991709879*I , 0.0783137314443164 + 0.492840991709879*I ] sage : [ E.elliptic_exponential ( ( a* w1+b*w2 ) /3 ) [ 0 ] for a , b in [ ( 0,1 ) , ( 1,0 ) , ( 1,1 ) , ( 2,1 ) ] ]
[ - 2.88288879135335 , 1.39292799513138 , 0.0783137314443165 - 0.492840991709879*I , 0.0783137314443168 + 0.492840991709879*I ]
Numerical
Use mpmath to compute constants ( Fredrik Johannson , Mike Hansen ) — Previously the functions khinchin( ) , mertens ( ) and twinprime ( ) in sage / symbolic / constants .py were Limited PrecisionConstant .
Using mpmath , these functions now support arbitrary precision for the corresponding constants .
There is now also support for the Glaisher - Kinkelin constant using mpmath .
Here are some examples on using these functions with the mpmath backend .
The Khinchin constant : sage : float ( khinchin ) 2.6854520010653062 sage : khinchin.n( digits=60 )
2.68545200106530644530971483548179569382038229399446295305115 sage : khinchin._mpfr_(RealField( 100 ) ) 2.6854520010653064453097148355 sage : RealField ( 100 ) ( khinchin ) 2.6854520010653064453097148355
The Twin Primes constant : sage : float ( twinprime ) 0.66016181584686962 sage : twinprime.n( digits=60 )
0.660161815846869573927812110014555778432623360284733413319448 sage : twinprime._mpfr_(RealField( 100 ) ) 0.66016181584686957392781211001 sage : RealField ( 100 ) ( twinprime ) 0.66016181584686957392781211001
The Mertens constant : sage : float ( mertens ) 0.26149721284764277 sage : mertens.n( digits=60 )
0.261497212847642783755426838608695859051566648261199206192064 sage : mertens._mpfr_(RealField( 100 ) ) 0.26149721284764278375542683861 sage : RealField ( 100 ) ( mertens ) 0.26149721284764278375542683861
The Glaisher - Kinkelin constant : sage : float ( glaisher ) 1.2824271291006226 sage : glaisher .n( digits=60 )
1.28242712910062263687534256886979172776768892732500119206374 sage : a = glaisher + 2 sage : parent( a ) Symbolic Ring sage : glaisher._mpfr_(RealField( 100 ) ) 1.2824271291006226368753425689 sage : RealField ( 100 ) ( glaisher )
1.2824271291006226368753425689
Packages
New package mpmath version 0.12 for multiprecision floating - point arithmetic ( Fredrik Johannson , Mike Hansen ) —
The Python package mpmath is now a standard package of Sage .
Functions in mpmath can be called from Sage using the library under sage / libs / mpmath , with automatic data conversion between Sage and mpmath .
, with automatic data conversion between Sage and mpmath .
New package Ratpoints version 2.1.2 for computing rational points on hyperelliptic curves ( Robert Miller , Michael Stoll ) —
The C package Ratpoints is now a standard spkg .
The corresponding library file is sage / libs / ratpoints .pyx .
. Upgrade Singular to version singular-3-1-0-2-20090620 with support for compiling with GCC 4.4 ( Andrzej Giniewicz , Martin Albrecht , Craig Citro ) .
Upgrade Sage ’s Python spkg to the 2.6.x series ( Mike Hansen ) .
Upgrade Twisted to version 8.2.0 latest upstream release ( Mike Hansen ) .
Upgrade SCons to version 1.2.0 latest upstream release ( Mike Hansen ) .
Update the Pynac spkg to version pynac - 0.1.8.p1.spkg ( Mike Hansen ) .
Update the IPython spkg to version ipython - 0.9.1.p0.spkg ( Mike Hansen ) .
Update the ATLAS spkg to version atlas - 3.8.3.p5.spkg ( David Kirkby ) .
Update the CVXOPT spkg to version cvxopt-0.9.p8.spkg ( Gonzalo Tornaria ) .
Update the FreeType spkg to version freetype-2.3.5.p1.spkg ( Peter Jeremy ) .
Update the GD spkg to version gd- 2.0.35.p2.spkg ( Peter Jeremy ) .
Update the libgcrypt spkg to version libgcrypt -1.4.3. p1.spkg ( Peter Jeremy ) .
Update the libgpg_error spkg to version libgpg_error - 1.6. p1.spkg ( Peter Jeremy ) .
Update the linbox spkg to version linbox - 1.1.6.p0.spkg ( Peter Jeremy ) .
Update the NTL spkg to version ntl - 5.4.2.p8.spkg ( Peter Jeremy ) .
Update the Readline spkg to version readline - 5.2.p7.spkg ( Peter Jeremy ) .
Update the Tachyon spkg to version tachyon - 0.98 beta ( Peter Jeremy ) .
Update the Rubik spkg to version rubiks - 20070912.p9.spkg ( William Stein ) —
This adds support for compiling Rubiks in parallel .
Update the python - gnutls spkg to version python_gnutls - 1.1.4.p5.spkg ( William Stein ) .
Update the ATLAS spkg to version atlas - 3.8.3.p5.spkg ( David Kirkby ) .
Symbolics
Symbolic arctan2 ( ) function ( Karl - Dieter Crisman ) — New symbolic trigonometric function arctan2 ( ) in sage / functions / trig.py .
This symbolic function returns the arctangent ( measured in radians ) of y/x .
Unlike arctan(y / x ) , the signs of both x and y are considered .
For example , note the difference between arctan2 ( ) and arctan ( ) : sage : arctan2 ( 1, -1 ) 3/4* pi sage : arctan( 1/-1 ) -1/4*pi The new symbolic function arctan2 ( ) is also consistent with the implementations in Python and Maxima : sage : arctan2 ( 1 , - 1 ) # the symbolic arctan2 3/4 * pi sage : maxima.atan2 ( 1, -1 ) # Maxima implementation 3*% pi/4 sage : math.atan2( 1, -1 ) # Python implementation 2.3561944901923448
We can also compute an approximation : sage : arctan2 (-.5,1 ) .
n( 100 ) -0.46364760900080611621425623146
Rob Beezer and Franco Saliola contributed to writing this release tour .
A big thank you to all the Sage bug report / patch authors who made my life as a release tour author easier through your comprehensive and concise documentation .
There are too many to list here ; you know who you are .
A release tour can also be found on the Sage wiki .
By Mark Kinver
Science and environment reporter , BBC News
Average wind speeds need to be at least five metres per second
The most comprehensive report of its kind has identified the UK 's best locations for households to install micro-wind turbines , say its authors .
The Energy Saving Trust ( EST ) said some households could generate in excess of £ 2,800 worth of electricity a year .
However , it also concluded that other locations would actually lose money if a small - scale turbine was installed .
The EST is advising homeowners to visit its website , which will show whether a turbine will help them cut their bills .
The performance of domestic turbines have come under the spotlight in recent years , with critics saying the devices failed to generate the amount of electricity outlined by manufacturers .
" Because the turbines are seen as a new , emerging technology , there has been very little proper monitoring and performance assessment , " explained author Simon Green , the EST 's head of business development .
" Our study was not tested in the lab , or based on computer modelling , but on real homes in order to independently assess their performance . "
' Location , location , location '
The two - year study involved 57 locations , ranging from south - west England to the Orkney Islands , and tested a range of turbines that fell within two categories : building - mounted and free standing pole - mounted .
BEST PERFORMING SITE Location : Orkney Islands Turbine : 6 kW pole - mounted Profile : Rural , flat , open space Average wind speed : 5.75 m /s Annual generation : 22,000kWh Payback period : less than 10 yrs " Building - mounted turbines were generally smaller ones with a 50 cm diameter , which were fitted to roofs on a bracket similar to TV aerials , " Mr Green told BBC News .
" The others - pole - mounted turbines - were generally larger , with bigger power outputs , and were remotely mounted in a field or at the end of a garden . "
At the sites , the researchers recorded wind speed and measured the net generation of electricity every five minutes .
The team could then work out , over the course of a whole year , exactly how much electricity was produced and the overall performance of the wind turbine .
Mr Green said the study 's findings revealed that there were a complex range of factors that influenced the effectiveness of a wind turbine 's performance .
" The fundamental conclusion is location , location , location , " he said .
" It is critically important that wind turbines are located in an area with sufficient wind resources .
" We believe that a minimum average wind speed needs to be at least five metres per second ( 18 km / h ; 11m ph ) . "
Highs and lows
In the 57 - site field study , the remote island of North Ronaldsay in the Orkneys generated the most electricity over the course of a year .
WORST PERFORMING SITE Location : Dagenham , Essex Turbine : 1 kW building - mounted Profile : Urban , heavily developed Average wind speed : 2.37m / s Annual generation : 0 kWh Payback period : never ( Source : Energy Saving Trust )
The site 's 6 kW pole - mounted turbine generated almost 22,000 kilowatt hours ( kWh ) , which equated to a £ 2,860 saving if electricity cost £ 0.13 / kWh .
The report noted : " This location is in essence an offshore wind turbine mounted on land and represents an almost perfect site .
" There are no obstructions around the turbine , and it is mounted in very clean air . "
Data showed that the island 's average wind speed was 5.75 m / s.
However , not all sites delivered such favourable results , Mr Green explained .
" The study 's findings show that a lot of the turbines had been installed in areas that did not achieve the minimum average wind speed , " he observed .
The worst performing site , a 1 kW turbine attached to a house in Dagenham , Essex , actually consumed more energy than it generated .
" The recorded wind speed was 2.37 m / s , " the report noted .
" This site represents an example of an installation in an urban area with a poor wind resource , as well as a poorly - installed turbine . "
Based on the findings , the report estimated there was potential for more than 450,000 micro-turbines to be installed on properties across the UK .
These devices , the trust calculated , would generate almost 3,500 gigawatt hours of electricity each year , enough to power about 870,000 homes .
Homeowners who are interested in finding out whether their home is located in a suitable area are being advised to visit the trust 's website .
" Customers can type in their postcode , and the website will give a much more accurate estimate of the average wind speed in their area , " Mr Green explained .
" But we should also stress that any customer who is thinking of installing this kit should use a Microgeneration Certification Scheme ( MCS ) approved equipment and installer . "
The EST plans to follow up this study with similar assessments of other renewable energy technologies , including photovoltaic panels , micro-CHP and heat pumps .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Whether I am programming an EEPROM , JTAG'ing a device or restoring old pinball machines and arcades , I love to jump into maintenance / diagnostic mode so I can get a feel for what the code jockeys were trying to accomplish .
In arcade machines they have an attract mode feature that makes different sounds and screen shots to entice you to pump - n - dump your quarters into the coin box .
However , if you pull the EEPROM off the board you can find all kinds of stuff , like other games and hidden commands to totally change the behavior of the device .
I feel a little like an overweight balding version of James Bond when I discover this stuff .
If I can break out a hidden command and use it in front of my follow geeks to solve a problem , well ... Jimmy Ray Bond ...0033 1/3...
I love hidden commands !
They are in all kinds of devices for tech troubleshooting or just left overs from compile time .
I thought it would be cool to document a few of the networking hidden commands that I use for the community and hopefully you can share some of the ones that you use .
Now just remember the troubleshooting rule of hidden commands :
They are hidden for a reason .
Some of them are unstable and can crash a device , but some , well , are VERY cool !
Hidden Command 00x01 : Add / Remove Software Panel in XP is a big fat liar !
There is a ton of software I want to remove in XP but it is not as easy as it sounds .
However , if I open up the file windows / inf / sysoc.inf in notepad , search and remove the word " hide " save and reboot .
Now that crappy software I want to remove is visible in Add / Remove Programs .
Goodbye Windows Messenger !
Hidden Command 00x02 : redacted at the request of HP Hidden Command 00x03 : Make a phone call without a phone at the Cisco CLI !
When setting up a UC system many times I just need to emulate a call .
The command CSIM works great to test a line without a phone .
It is used like this : TWTV #csim start 146677 csim : called number = 146677 , loop count = 1 ping count = 0 csim err:csim_do_test
Error peer not found Back to the dial plan ...
Hidden Command 00x04 : Clearing Routes from a Juniper device ?
Wish you had a equal to clear ip route route from Cisco on your Juniper gear ?
There is a command that is close BUT I have had this one knock my routing - forward tables out of whack , but hey it 's hidden command day !
the command is : clear route forwarding - table route Hidden Command 00x05 : Hidden VMWare ESXi Console !
This little hack allows you to run commands directly at the server itself and is very handy for doing things like enabling SSH in inetd.conf .
First thing first .
This only works on the fee based version not the free one and you must be sitting at the server and not RCLI .
- Step One :
At the server console type ALT - F1 - Step Two :
Now you 'll just see basically a console log with no prompt .
Do n't sweat it !
Just type : unsupported and hit enter .
This does not echo back so you will not see your input .
- Step
Three : Now a big scary tech support warning will pop up .
Just laugh it off and enter your server password at the prompt .
And you 're in !
I really just do this to enable SSH but I have also used this to edit etc / hosts to rule out DNS issues .
OK now it is your turn !
Do you know any cool hidden commands ?
Remember a hidden command is different then a tip .
This is a tip : Tip 00x01 : Hack the Mac !
Folks that know just a little bit about me know I am a huge Mac fan .
I dig the log in screen that shows the hostname and just by clicking the mouse I can get :
First click : OS X version number ( e.g. Version 10.5.6 )
Second click : OS X build number ( e.g. Build 9G55 )
Third click : Mac 's serial number ( e.g. UI002000 ) Forth click : Mac's IP address ( e.g. 192.168.23.14 )
Fifth click : Network account status Sixth click : Date and time Seventh click : Hostname back to the beginning .
Coda for you music type folks .. and Led Zep fans ...
Let 's change that boring useless hostname to something I can use man !
At the terminal type : defaults write / Library / Preferences/com.apple.loginwindow AdminHostInfo info_name Replace info_name with one of the following : SystemVersion SystemBuild SerialNumber IPAddress DSStatus Time
Hit return and next time the log in screen pops up , your variable will be there .
Groovy man !
This is a Hidden Command : Hidden Command 00x06 : Minesweeper cheater !
This one is just for the fun of it !
Go out and download an older tool called ResHacker from http://angusj.com/resourcehacker/
This is a really cool tool that allows you to hack into a programs debug menu without reversing or knowing how to code .
Here 's is how it works : - Step One : Fire up ResHacker and open the file WinMine.exe ( on XP ) - Step
Two :
The folder will be on the left that will allow you to change a whole bunch of parameters in the game .
The 1033 is the config options file .
A splendid time is guaranteed for all with this program !
Will it work on other Windows games ?
... you have been put on the path ... but try the .dll files first ...
Of course all the standard warnings and scary overtones apply to these commands ; they are not supported , tech support will punch you in the head , they 'll void the warranty of your gear and next three cars .
But in a lab environment they really help you get into the mindset of the coders to get a real feel for the gear .
Now it 's your turn !
What hidden secrets are you sittin ' on that you would love to share ?
Hey just like the movie Star Trek V : The Final Frontier ... just not as sucky ....
Jimmy Ray Purser Trivia File Transfer Protocol Before their healthy vitamin and cereal gig Fred Flintstone and Barney Rubble advertised for Winston cigarettes in print and on commercials .
I wonder if Fred chased Barney for stealing his lighter ...
Join the Network World communities on Facebook and LinkedIn to comment on topics that are top of mind .
One problem with cameras is that you ca n’t trust the watchers not to misuse them :
Two council CCTV camera operators have been jailed for spying on a naked woman in her own home .
Mark Summerton and Kevin Judge , from Sefton Council , Merseyside , trained a street camera into the woman ’s flat .
[…]
The images from the camera , including the woman without her clothes on , were shown on a large plasma screen in the council ’s CCTV control room in November 2004 , Liverpool Crown Court heard .
Over several hours , she was filmed cuddling her boyfriend before undressing , using the toilet , having a bath and watching television dressed only in a towel .
Judge Gerald Clifton told the three men : “ To dismiss what was happening as laddish behaviour , something that the 21st Century apparently condones , is absurd .
“ You only have to read the impact statements of the lady to realise the harrowing effect that this had on her .
“ Her life has almost been ruined , her self - confidence entirely destroyed by the thought that prying male eyes have entered her flat . ”
