Preliminary census data show that America ’s melting pot is meltier than ever , with racial minorities now making up more than one - third of the nation ’s population .
Pretty soon the “ minorities ” will be in the majority , as they are in four states ( California , New Mexico , Hawaii and Texas , where everything is bigger , anyway ) .
AP reports that a Latino baby boom , the aging of baby boomers and an increase in multiracial Americans are responsible for the trend .
And then there are the paranoid and overwhelmingly white tea partiers who went into hiding .
That must account for at least a couple dozen fewer Caucasians showing up in the census , no ? — PZS
Innovation is our regular column that highlights emerging technological ideas and where they may lead
By now , most of us in the US , the UK and Australia , plus many elsewhere in Europe , have got used to the fact that images of almost every house on every street are available online for all to see via the Street View facility in Google Maps .
But last week many were shocked to learn that while the advertising giant ’s camera - equipped cars were zipping past our front doors , they were not just collecting panoramic photos .
Wi - Fi antennas on the cars were hunting down wireless computer networks , and equipment inside was recording the networks ’ names , locations and the unique MAC address of the routers supporting them .
The revelation has , not for the first time , prompted a wave of accusations that Google does n’t care about privacy anywhere near enough .
Advertisement
Map maker
Google says it has collected the data in order to improve the accuracy with which smartphones can pinpoint their location on Google Maps , especially in city centres where GPS may be unreliable .
Cellphone mapping apps can improve matters by drawing on knowledge of which cellphone tower the phone is in contact with , but Google realised that even greater accuracy is possible if the phone can note details of nearby wireless routers .
The server supplying Google Maps to the phone can then calculate a precise position .
Millions of smartphone users worldwide have already benefited from Google ’s database , which has been live in the US since late 2007 .
Not so strange
Google is not alone in gathering Wi -Fi data for location purposes .
Skyhook Wireless of Boston uses Wi-Fi-scanning cars to provide a similar service , which is used by the default mapping app on some Motorola phones .
Although Google has not made any particular effort to keep its data - gathering activities secret , neither has it declared what it has been doing .
It was not until last week that Germany ’s Federal Commissioner for Data Protection , Peter Schaar , discovered that Street View cars operating in Germany were harvesting Wi -Fi data .
He says he had not been made aware of this when he granted Google permission to take photographs for Street View .
In the UK , the Information Commissioner ’s Office was similarly surprised .
Though the commissioner had met Google before Street View cars began patrolling the UK , “ at no point did Google make us aware that it would be scanning Wi - Fi too ” , says ICO spokesman Nick Day .
The ICO says it is seeking more information from Google , while Schaar is demanding that the firm delete any Wi-Fi data collected “ unlawfully ” .
Open up
Google ’s global privacy counsel , Peter Fleischer , says the data protection authorities were not informed of the Wi-Fi trawl because “ this is all publicly broadcast information which is accessible to anyone with a Wi - Fi enabled device ” .
No law prohibits its collection , he says .
And unlike Street View images , the Wi-Fi data will remain at the data centre providing the mapping service , and will never to be published online , Fleischer says .
The data commissioners have not spelled out the risks of a leak from the Wi-Fi database , and are unlikely to press for laws against Wi -Fi data collection any time soon .
But the outcry over Google ’s now not - so - secret Wi-Fi database leads to a clear conclusion , says Simon Davies , head of pressure group Privacy International .
“ Keeping the data collection secret was a bad decision from a community relations perspective , ” he says .
Fleischer seems to agree .
“ It ’s clear with hindsight that greater transparency would have been better , ” he says .
When pushing technical boundaries with other people ’s data , a little openness goes a long way .
Read previous Innovation columns :
One web language to rule them all , Robots look to the cloud for enlightenment , iPad is child ’s play but not quite magical , Only mind games will make us save power , Gaze trackers eye computer gamers , Market research wants to open your skull , Sending botnets the way of smallpox , Bloom did n’t start a fuel - cell revolution , Who wants ultra - fast broadband ?
The following correction was printed in the Guardian 's Corrections and clarifications column , Monday 31 May 2010
The story below spoke of papal criticism of a 2007 Portuguese law allowing abortion .
To clarify , what the 2007 law introduced was abortion on demand up to the tenth week of pregnancy .
The pope admitted today that the Catholic church was entirely responsible for the child abuse scandal that has spread across Europe , silencing conspiracy theorists in the church as he arrived in Portugal to be met by hundreds of protesters distributing condoms .
In his most strongly worded condemnation of the priests involved in paedophile cases , Pope Benedict said the church 's greatest enemy was " sins from within " , not the campaigners who have exposed its culture of laxity and secrecy .
" The greatest persecution of the church does n't come from enemies on the outside but is born from the sins within the church , " Benedict told journalists travelling with him to Portugal .
" The church needs to profoundly relearn penitence , accept purification , learn forgiveness but also justice . "
It was a first sign that the pope was prepared to stop church officials trying to blame the abuse scandal on a supposed conspiracy hatched by outsiders , including pro-choice and pro-gay marriage groups .
Despite the Vatican 's initially defensive response to reports of hundreds of cases of clerical abuse across Europe , Benedict has recently pledged the church will protect children and make abusive priests face justice .
He has already accepted the resignations of several bishops who either admitted they had molested young people or covered up for priests who did .
In some countries , such as Spain , the church itself has begun to report suspected cases of sexual abuse to the police .
In Portugal today the pope was greeted by thousands of faithful lining the streets of Lisbon , alongside a protest against the Vatican 's refusal to sanction the use of condoms as a way of fighting HIV and Aids .
The protest began as a modest Facebook group only seven weeks ago but has since become a nationwide campaign backed by thousands of mostly young people in one of the most devoutly Roman Catholic countries in Europe .
" We never imagined that we would one day have 14,500 people supporting us , " the campaigners said yesterday after their Facebook group , formed on 20 March , mushroomed into a full - scaled protest against the Vatican 's stance on Aids .
Hundreds of those supporters turned up at 22 distribution points around Lisbon and the northern city of Porto in order to hand out some 28,000 free condoms today .
" Millions of people are still dying around the world because of this virus , " the campaigners said .
" Our initiative is not an affront to the pope , " one of the organisers , Diogo Figueira , said yesterday .
" Aids is not a question of religion , but of public health . "
The pope 's visit comes as Portugal , where 90 % of people say they are Roman Catholics , increasingly turns its back on the Vatican 's preaching .
President Aníbal Cavaco Silva , who met the pope today , is expected to sign off shortly a bill passed by parliament that will make Portugal the sixth European country to permit gay marriages .
Portugal 's centre - left Socialist government has also introduced a law allowing a judge to grant a divorce even if one spouse is against it .
The same government , led by Prime Minister José Socrates , passed a law in 2007 finally allowing abortion in Portugal .
Benedict sharply criticised the abortion law today , saying public officials must give " essential consideration " to issues that affect human life .
" The point at issue is not an ethical confrontation between a secular and religious system , so much as a question about the meaning that we give to our freedom , " he said .
Half a million people are expected at a mass at the shrine in Fatima , northern Portugal , on Thursday on the anniversary of the day in 1917 when three Portuguese shepherd children reported having visions of the Virgin Mary .
The condom campaign has promised to stay away from what , for devout Roman Catholics , is the holiest site in Portugal .
The HTC EVO 4G will be the first phone in the U.S. to take advantage of Sprint 's 4G cellular network , up to 10 times faster than current 3G speeds .
The Android handset will also be one of the most powerful " superphones " to hit the U.S. market when it launches on June 4 .
We had a chance to go hands - on with the device and get a demo of the phone 's hardware and software , which includes the HTC Sense user experience on top of the typical Android UI .
Google , Qik and other application developers have stepped in to develop versions of their apps customized for the HTC EVO 4G experience , including a YouTube client that will auto - detect your connection speed and serve up content in high - definition when on a 4G or fast 3G connection .
The Qik application takes advantage of the phone 's two cameras — one 8 - megapixel and one front - facing 1.3 - megapixel — to provide on - the - go videoconferencing support .
Sprint told us the HTC EVO 4G so far has garnered " the highest interest of any device we 've ever announced , " and there are plenty of reasons why .
Beyond the promised 10 - fold speed boost from 4G , which Sprint will be the first to market in the U.S. , the device can also act as a mobile hotspot , connecting up to eight Wi-Fi-enabled devices to the Internet .
Add to that the overall hardware specs of the device , which render it a more powerful workhorse than even the Nexus One , and it's no surprise that the HTC EVO 4G is one of the most hotly anticipated phones launching this summer .
The phone will be available June 4 at retail partners Best Buy , RadioShack , and Wal - Mart as well as at Sprint.com for $ 199.99 with a two - year contract and after a $ 100 rebate ( pro tip : picking up the phone at Best Buy Mobile nets you the rebate price on the spot ) .
Everything Data plans start at $ 69.99 per month , and the HTC EVO 4G will also carry a $ 10 per month Premium Data requirement .
Use as a mobile hotspot is an optional extra at $ 29.99 per month — although at half the cost of the typical mobile broadband plan for devices like the MiFi or 3G broadband card , the portable hotspot cost is actually a good deal .
Check out the video demo below and let us know what you think .
We 've included some still photos after the video as well .
If you 're in the market for a new phone in the near future , does the HTC EVO 4G make the list of potential purchases ?
Size comparison with the iPhone 3G and the Nexus One
However , members of the 70 - million - strong Irish diaspora who are just " aware they are of Irish descent and feel a strong affinity for Ireland " but are too many generations removed to get an Irish passport , would appreciate a document to prove their origins , the ministry said .
By Elliot Cohen
According to a June 18 AP article , Obama ’s Homeland Security Chief Janet Napolitano has defended monitoring Internet communications as a " civil liberties trade - off the US must make to beef up national security . "
In addition , she said " it is wrong to believe that if security is embraced , liberty is sacrificed . "
Unfortunately , it is incomprehensible how " beefing up " national security can be both a civil liberties trade - off and not a sacrifice of liberty .
This contradiction betrays the sad reality that the Obama administration has followed the lead of the Bush administration in escalating the abridgment of civil liberties in the US to protect " national security . "
According to Napolitano , there have been an increasing number of homegrown terrorists who have used the Internet to " reached out " to Islamic extremists for training and inspiration ; and the AP article points to the recent Times Square bomber , Faisal Shahzad , and accused Fort Hood Texas shooter Major Nadal Hasan as possible examples .
It is not clear , however , how a relatively few instances of homegrown terrorists who may have been influenced by their online activities to become radicalized can warrant government abridgment of the privacy of millions of Americans .
However , it is not hard to see how easily such a principle could be expanded to include any private activities that may possibly be linked to radicalization .
Thus , the communications that may occur inside a mosque may be deemed grist for the mill of government monitoring .
And the same logic could well be applied to private communications in the homes of Americans because there may possibly be plans afoot by a few homegrown , would - be terrorists .
It should be emphasized that the Internet monitoring that Napolitano is defending is mass warrantless surveillance of millions of Americans .
This is significantly different from the FBI 's obtaining a warrant to spy on the conversations of specific individuals where probable cause exists to suggest that they are planning a terrorist attack .
During the Bush administration , the justification for such mass warrantless surveillance had been to gather foreign intelligence .
This meant that the government would not intentionally attempt to spy on American citizens .
In fact , so - called minimization standards of the FISA Act , including the amendments to it passed in 2008 require the government to make all reasonable accommodations so as not to target American citizens .
What Napolitano is saying is therefore illegal because it directly advocates mass surveillance sweeps for the specific purpose of targeting American citizens who may be involved or contemplating involvement in terrorist activities .
This is a chilling expansion of the Bush warrantless surveillance program that was exposed in 2005 .
It suggests that the Obama administration , far from being more interested than the Bush administration in preserving the civil liberties of Americans , is actually more vigilant in undermining these rights .
Napolitano has now boldly announced that the Obama administration will be engaging in mass warrantless spying targeting Americans , not just
Al Qaeda or other organized groups of terrorists .
Will it also soon announce that Americans may be labeled " unlawful enemy combatants " ( the Obama administration now uses the label " unprivileged enemy belligerents " ) ?
Will such individuals be whisked off to an undisclosed location and be denied their constitutional rights to a fair trial ?
The Obama administration has lost the faith of many of its liberals , democratic constituents and according to the AP article , Napolitano 's comments were intended to reach out to this group to try to assuage their fears that the administration 's concern for stopping terrorist attacks would erode civil liberties .
Her remarks however should only increase these concerns .
In fact , they should underscore the grave danger the Obama administration poses to the survival of Americans ' civil liberties .
Eureka co-executive producer Amy Berg reveals some details on how James Callis and Wil Wheaton came to join the cast , what she looks for in a guest star , and which Firefly alum is her " white whale . "
Advertisement
Since joining the writing staff of Syfy's Eureka for this upcoming season , co-executive producer Amy Berg has played a big part in recruiting some genre MVPs for guest shots : MVPs like Battlestar Galactica 's James Callis and Just a Geek author Wil Wheaton .
Here , she reveals some of the methods to her madness .
Advertisement
When looking for a science fiction icon to cast , what are the qualities that you look for ?
Honestly ?
Talent .
That 's really the bottom line .
We 're not going to cast anyone solely because they have geek cred .
The other question we ask ourselves is , " Does this person fit in ? "
Eureka has a very specific tone — it 's science fiction , sure , but it also has a lot of heart .
And it 's funny .
To find an actor who can tell a joke in one scene and get their heart broken in the next is not an easy task , regardless of genre .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Had either James Callis or Wil Wheaton seen Eureka before you enlisted them ?
James is a fan of the show .
He jumped at the chance join Eureka and was especially excited when we told him what we had in mind for his character .
Casting him was serendipitous , really .
In Vancouver , the soundstages for Battlestar Galactica were next door to Eureka , so James was already friends with some of our regulars .
And then when his name appeared on a casting list for Dr. Grant , our eyes lit up .
He is a genuine talent .
Advertisement
As for Wil , he 'll be the first to tell you that he does n't watch a whole lot of television .
He 'd seen Eureka , but was n't all that familiar with it .
I had cast him on my last show , Leverage , so there 's a certain amount of trust between us .
He knows I 'd only come to him with a role he could really have fun with .
We got together last week to talk shop , and I gave him a bunch of DVDs of the show .
Apparently he marathoned his way through all of them and is now a huge fan .
Advertisement
What brand of tomfoolery will you have them doing for you ?
I can't really talk about Dr. Grant .
It 's a bit on the spoiler -y side .
Let 's just say that Grant is unlike any character Callis has played , and unlike any character we 've had on the show .
He 's an outsider trying to find his way .
James is having a blast with the part .
And he gets to mix it up with Colin Ferguson 's Carter , which is fun for both of them .
Advertisement
Wil plays Dr. Isaac Parrish , the head of the Non-Lethal Weapons Division at Global Dynamics .
You find out pretty quickly why he works with NON - lethal weapons .
He 's brilliant , but not exactly someone who takes direction well .
I spent some time talking to Wil about the character — the backstory he 's created for the guy is totally on point .
Should be a fantastic episode .
[ Which is shooting now , according to Wil Wheaton 's blog . ]
Advertisement
I know Callis is around for more than one episode .
What about Wil ?
Callis is around for the season .
Wil 's character , Dr. Parrish , is potentially recurring .
We 'd love to have him back .
Advertisement
Who else is on your hist list ?
Who 's the dream get that you know you can't ?
There are a bunch of folks we'd love to have and who are interested in playing with us , but it 's just a matter of finding the right part .
There are very few meaty guest roles in season four , which I think is great .
It means we 're telling stories about our people .
Advertisement
We 'd love to find something for Felicia Day , who just wrapped a Syfy movie called Red .
Felicia 's a fan of the show and I really think she 's a perfect fit for Eureka .
It 's the intelligence and wit she brings to her characters that I love — whether it 's The Guild , Dollhouse , or whatever .
She 's so accessible .
She 's someone you watch on screen and say , " I bet we could be friends . "
But , you know , not in a creepy way .
Advertisement
I also have something in mind for Grant Imahara , who is the robotics tech on Mythbusters .
Grant and I got to know one another on Twitter — he was randomly quoting lines from an episode of something I 'd written and so I dropped a note to say hi .
I 'm hoping Discovery lets us borrow him for a little while .
There are always scheduling and budget considerations , especially when we 're looking to cast people who live and work outside of Vancouver .
Mark Sheppard is also a friend , someone I always keep in mind when casting anything .
He 's just so damn good .
One of those actors who shows up in a scene and makes everyone around him better .
Speaking of BSG folks , we also have our eye on Edward James Olmos .
We already know what role he 'd play .
Hopefully it's a story that comes together in the back half of the season .
Advertisement
As far as dreaming the impossible dream ... Jaime Paglia , our co-creator , would love to have George Lucas pop up somewhere .
He 's a guy who has really inspired Jaime over the years .
Personally , my impossible get is Nathan Fillion .
Because , well , he 's Nathan Fillion and I 'm a geek girl .
It 's how we roll .
But he 's a little busy with Castle , which just got picked up for another season , and I 'm guessing ABC has an exclusivity clause on him .
You can't see it , but right now I 'm making my sad face .
Eureka is back with new episodes on July 9 .
We have some of the Hottest Pictures of Male and Female Athletes / Fitness Models as well as exciting pictures from many of the past Bodybuilding & Fitness Shows !
We also have exclusive Back Stage photos and many photos of our FANS !
Enlarge By ASSOCIATED PRESS
In a photo made from NASA television the International Space Station 's robotic arm moves the Russian - built compartment to the space station Monday May 18 , 2010 .
The compartment will be attached to the station .
CAPE CANAVERAL 
The Atlantis astronauts attached a new Russian chamber to the International Space Station on Tuesday , using a robot arm to drive in the 20 - foot - long room that will double as a closet and mini-lab .
This was the first time NASA delivered a Russian compartment to the 12 - year - old space station and required two astronauts working a big robot arm .
Normally , Russian space station modules dock automatically .
That 's how a similar compartment got to the space station last November .
Astronaut Garrett Reisman operated the space station 's robot arm , driving in the module with such precision that the first capture sensor did n't even go off .
" He went right down the middle and got a hole in one , " Mission Control said .
Reisman was assisted by Piers Sellers , who called out all the milestones .
The six space station residents — especially the three Russians — were thrilled with the addition .
Commander Oleg Kotov thanked NASA for delivering the compartment , named Rassvet , or Dawn in Russian .
" The International Space Station has grown by one more module , " he called down in Russian .
Rassvet — nearly 8 feet in diameter — is stuffed with more than 3,000 pounds of space station supplies , all provided by NASA under a barter agreement with the Russians .
There 's even equipment attached to the outside of the compartment for use on the full - scale science lab that Russia plans to launch in 2012 .
The addition — which provides an extra docking port — now puts the space station at 98 % complete in terms of habitable volume and 93 % complete in terms of structure .
Its mass exceeds 816,000 pounds .
NASA 's share of the construction work is almost over .
Only two shuttle missions remain ; they 're currently scheduled for fall .
This is the last planned flight for Atlantis after 32 flights over 25 years .
President Barack Obama wants NASA out of the shuttle business as soon as possible so it can focus on trips to asteroids and Mars .
American astronauts will hitch rides to the space station on Russian rockets until U.S. companies develop their own launch vehicle .
Next up for the Atlantis astronauts : two more spacewalks .
Two of the crew will venture out on another spacewalk Wednesday to replace three space station batteries .
Another three batteries will be replaced Friday .
With so few shuttle flights left , NASA wants to leave behind as many new parts as possible so the space station can keep running until 2020 .
The spacewalking astronauts also may be asked to untangle a cable on the shuttle 's inspection boom that 's prevented a proper safety survey of Atlantis .
Copyright 2010 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
TORONTO — Political leaders of the world ’s 20 leading industrial and developing nations took note at their economic summit of the devastating oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico in their concluding statement yesterday .
The document recognized “ the need to share best practices to protect the marine environment , prevent accidents , . . . and deal with their consequences . ’’
The April 20 explosion on the BP - leased Deepwater Horizon rig unleashed the worst offshore oil spill in US history .
BP is London - based and the disaster has contributed to strains between the United States and Britain .
Britain ’s new conservative prime minister , David Cameron , told reporters BP was working hard to cap the well , “ clean up the mess , ’’ and compensate victims .
At the same time , he said , “ what we all want is for this important company to be strong and stable for the future . ’’
Cameron and President Obama held a meeting yesterday on the sidelines of the economic summit .
Obama also said the international community must stand behind South Korea and send a clear signal to North Korea that its provocative behavior is unacceptable .
North Korea is blamed for the deadly sinking of a South Korean warship .
Forty - six South Korean sailors were killed in the March attack .
“ It is absolutely critical for the international community to rally behind ’’ South Korean President Lee Myung - bak , Obama said .
“ There ’s a difference between restraint and willful blindness to consistent problems , ’’ Obama said , referring to Beijing ’s worry that instability in the North could cause major problems across the border in China .
© Copyright 2010 Globe Newspaper Company .
June 6 , 2010 12:00 PM | Simon Carless
[ In his first message as Independent Games Festival Chairman following his appointment , GSW buddy Brandon Boyer talks about his background in games and the indie scene , introducing himself to the community and talking about his plans for the Festival along the way . ]
Hey all , Brandon here to say hello for the first time since the announcement of myself as the new chairman .
First off , thanks for all the congratulations and digital high - fives you 've sent over the past few weeks -- I am , as you can imagine , quite pleased to be part of the organization here .
For those of you that had or have no idea who I am , let me start off with a quick introduction .
My involvement with the games industry came after several years in entirely - unrelated Flash and multimedia development before being given an opportunity to contribute to Edge Magazine , where I quickly staked my claim as their resident indie games archeologist .
This was , happily enough , at a time when the indies were truly coming into their own as a scene and a movement , and it was a constant thrill to be among the first to bring word of Cave Story , Cloud and flOw , Narbacular Drop before its re-imagining as Portal , Facade , Alien Hominid , and the dual Kyle 's early Experimental Gameplay projects ( before they 'd go on to create World of Goo and Henry Hatsworth ) to a wider audience .
Obviously , the Independent Games Festival itself had much to do with the successes many of them would become , and I 've often said that Introversion 's unforgettable Darwinia acceptance speech ( and the uproarious applause that followed ) at the 2006 ceremony marked an epochal , line - in - the - sand moment that clearly stated , " It 's our time now " .
In the years that followed , I 'd go on to cover games for a number of other trade / business outlets like Gamasutra , but it was n't until Boing Boing gave me the opportunity to start Offworld that I was able to offer an indie-centric look at what 's happening in games -- to document the independent games movement 's rise and rise -- on the cultural and personal level I wanted to .
The reaction to the site and the people ( developers and otherwise ) I 've met through it has been by any measure a life - changing experience : the indie games scene is unparalleled in any creative community for their passion , their refreshing openness , and for the love that permeates every level of their day to day operations .
And the Independent Games Festival itself continues to be -- as it approaches its 13th year -- the best showcase of that passion , ingenuity and spirit , helping the indies find an ever - wider audience at a time where the community has more opportunities on more platforms than ever before to create something that changes the way we look at games .
If you attended this year 's GDC in San Francisco , where the IGF is set , then you no doubt saw first - hand that the IGF showcase had more per-square - foot traffic than nearly anywhere else on the expo floor , and that the accompanying Indie Games Summit talks frequently played to an at - capacity house of 1000 people .
In the coming weeks and months , I 'll be laying out some of the ways that we 'll be modifying and improving the way the Festival operates for its lucky - thirteenth year , as we continue to expand its reach , its influence , and its service to the indie community .
In the meantime , please do n't hesitate to get in touch at [ email protected ] with any questions and concerns -- I look forward to hearing from all of you as we move forward !
Northern quoll ( Dasyurus hallucatus ) in Queensland .
Credit , Wildlife Explorer .
What do you do when a critically endangered predator like the northern quoll has developed a taste for the highly toxic cane toad ?
Aversive conditioning to modify the quoll 's appetite for toads could be the answer according to a new study by Stephanie O'Donnell and fellow researchers from the University of Sydney .
This study has already received a fair bit of media attention but I think it merits being profiled here for those who may have missed it .
Native to Latin America , cane toads were first introduced to Australia in 1937 and have since spread across much of Australia causing the decline of numerous mammals that feed on the toxic invaders .
The northern quoll has fared particularly badly and faces potential extinction as the exotic toad spreads across its range causing local population crashes .
The problem is likely due to the fact that quolls evolved without ever having been exposed to the toxic chemicals in the cane toad .
To help stave off extinction , the researchers conducted an experiment in which they exposed a group of northern quolls to a native toad laced with thiabendazole - a nausea - inducing chemical .
The cane toad ( Bufo marinus ) with large parotoid glands where it stores its bufotoxin visible behind the eyes .
Credit , Eli Greenbaum .
They then outfitted the " educated " quolls with radio collars and released them back into cane toad country along with a control group of " uneducated " quolls .
The study found that the quols exposed to the treatment were less likely to die from eating cane toads and had a greater overall short - term survival than the control group .
More research is needed to confirm that the conditioned taste aversion works over the long term .
Furthermore , the approach was not entirely successful - some " educated " quolls still feasted on cane toads - though higher dose rates of thiabendazole might improve the behavior conditioning .
Nevertheless the results are promising and could bode well for the persistence of the northern quoll as well as other native predators threatened by the invasive cane toad .
The study authors advise that " wildlife agencies could aerially deploy ‘ toad baits ’ ahead of the cane toad invasion front , to educate quolls to avoid attacking cane toads before the toads invade "
If so , they should probably act quickly .
The cane toad has already spread into 60 % of the northern quoll 's range and will likely invade the remaining areas within two decades , scientists warn . ﻿
-- by Rob Goldstein
O’Donnell , S. , Webb , J. , & Shine , R. ( 2010 ) .
Conditioned taste aversion enhances the survival of an endangered predator imperilled by a toxic invader Journal of Applied Ecology DOI : 10.1111/j.1365-2664.2010.01802.x
*ICM Research interviewed a random sample of 532 adults aged 18 + by telephone on 8 May 2010 .
Interviews were conducted across the country and the results have been weighted to the profile of all adults .
French Artist Builds Actual Working ‘ Back To The Future ’ Hoverboard
If you ’re someone who grew up during the ’ 80s , then there ’s no doubt that you wanted nothing more than to get your hands on your very own working hoverboard from Back to the Future II , just like Marty McFly used .
Sadly , much like mini instant - pizza machines , this was a dream that would never come true .
While a fully - functioning hoverboard is still pretty impossible — or at least a long , long ways off — that ’s not stopping one young French artist named Nils Guadagnin from getting the ball rolling .
The artist created a perfect replica of one of the floating boards , and yes , it actually hovers a few inches off the platform is rests on .
To the DeLorean !
Click on over to the future and see the video of this working hoverboard now !
Now , you ’ve likely seen office desk decor with small floating balls and such , and this is basically the same idea on a much more complex level .
The board uses an electromagnetic system to help it to hover , and it also has a laser system which keeps it stable and in place .
I ca n’t even explain how much I would give to have this in my house as decoration .
It would be the ultimate movie collectible .
Someone , ANYONE ( ThinkGeek ? ! ) , needs to find a way to make these bad boys and produce them for the masses .
Video
HOVERBOARD – NILS GUADAGNIN from nils guadagnin on Vimeo .
Americans have been told over and over , ad infinitum , that we should model our government after corporations .
We should elect business people to office .
We should insist that government services be run in a “ businesslike ” manner .
So now we outsource the fighting of wars , in large part , to mercenaries who are paid 10 or 20 times what members of our military earn , and that ’s on top of billions of dollars in profits skimmed off the top by their employers .
We even outsource spying to corporations .
There are campaigns in several states to turn major highways over to private operators to run with “ businesslike efficiency . ”
Politicians on the right , and their unquestioning supporters , want to sell the U.S. Postal Service to some outfit like UPS because , the story goes , business will run things more efficiently and without spending tax dollars .
After decades of having the message pressed on them day and night , in school and on television , many Americans believe the story of business efficiency and government wastefulness .
There ’s just one little problem :
The message is one gigantic pile of steaming horse manure .
It is piled higher and higher by people who want to grab profits from services that should be run strictly in the public interest .
Such people have bought carloads of politicians to do their bidding .
For starters , the fantasies about cool corporate leaders and their unemotional , practical judgment and rational weighing of issues is a myth equal to stories of trolls under bridges .
Take it from a guy who spent decades reporting for magazines and major newspapers on both government agencies and businesses of all sizes , up to and including giant international corporations :
You seldom will encounter a government bureaucracy as inefficient and hidebound as that of a typical giant corporation , nor will you ever run into a government bureaucrat so out of touch with the world most of us live in as anyone who lives within the top four or five layers of corporate leadership .
Bill Clinton and the Bushes screwed up many federal agencies by the very fact that they loaded their upper layers with people drafted from corporations .
Some of the agencies now are close to being as afunctional and stupid as those of , say 3M , GM or Hewlett - Packard .
Barack Obama has done little or nothing to change that ; in fact , he ’s put more agencies under the control of corporate wizards and witches .
Religions aside , no group of human beings on earth is more given to belief in magic than the corporate elite .
They are raised to it , and it is what gives them their ability to ignore all facts that do not fit the corporate belief system .
No amount of reason can get through the magic barrier .
Let ’s take just one glaring example :
On June 4 , 2010 , American stock markets nosedived .
The Dow Jones Industrial Average lost a bit more than 323 points , sending the index below 10,000 and causing no end of wailing from big - time investors .
( We little schmucks have become so used to having our meager savings savaged by Wall Street that we hardly cry out anymore . )
Causes of the losses :
More fear about what may or may not happen to European economies , yes , but primarily it was the U.S. Labor Department ’s jobs report .
Business in this country added only 41,000 jobs in April , and business leaders had been expecting an increase of 150,000 to 180,000 jobs -– in itself an indication of how deeply they believe in magic .
No rational person could have believed the figures corporate leaders , including Wall Streeters , whispered to each other .
( Incidentally , the U.S. economy must add 100,000 jobs a month just to take care of new people entering the work force .
That says nothing about the millions of jobs lost in our giant recession and a few years preceding that big meltdown . )
So here ’s the breakdown : Corporate and Wall Street executives were frightened and upset by the fact that our economy failed to add a substantial number of jobs .
Those are the same corporate and Wall Street executives who do everything in the immense power to cut jobs in this country , and to fight any action that might add solvency and economic stability to the lives to the millions of unemployed , underemployed , uninsured and generally ignored citizens .
Minimum wage increase :
Hell no .
Health insurance for all ( which does much to add economic stability ) : Absolutely not .
Extending unemployment benefits for those who lost their jobs in the Wall Street - created economic collapse :
Not if the corporate political action teams can do anything about it .
And absolutely no increase of oversight of business by government -– not now , not ever , nohow , no way , and never mind the fact that it was lack of oversight that let the corporations , banks and Wall Streeters screw themselves and us into the ground in 2008 .
In a sneaky move , so that we would n’t notice they were giving the corporations what they wanted , members of the U.S. Senate went home for a week - plus at the end of May without extending those jobless benefits .
Now that they ’ve returned to Washington , it ’s like no one ever heard of the need for an extension of unemployment pay .
The very few pundits who have noticed agree that the Senate is not likely to do anything about an extension any time real soon .
Democrats in the House dumped plans to give states more money for Medicaid .
But the House , with Democrats and Republicans voting on the same side , passed legislation to extend a bunch of entirely unnecessary business tax breaks .
John Kerry and other Democratic icons have joined Republicans in preventing any increase in taxes for billionaire private hedge fund operators , who pay only 15 percent on most of their income while other high rollers and not - so rich folks pay as much as 35 percent .
Those are things corporate executives demanded , and to hell with most citizens and the economy that most of us live within .
The corporate crowd also is frightened of government deficits ( though their own did n’t bother them a couple of years ago ) and the specter of that great boogey man in the sky , inflation .
Never mind that there are absolutely no signs of inflation now or in the near future in our economy .
In fact , deflation may be something of a danger .
Also keep in mind that it is Wall Street and the spacey world of corporate leadership that declares the answer to lower - than - desired earnings at any corporation is to cut the hell out of employment , or at least employment within our national borders .
Hewlett - Packard announced June 1 that is going to lay off 9,000 employees , most of whom work in the “ service ” part of the business –- as it is ironically called .
About 6,000 of those people are to be replaced by employees in other countries , eventually .
Because the economy in general was looking so sickly , the HP move did n’t bring the immediate jump that the corporate / Wall Street deep thinkers usually give the stock price of a company that announces a big layoff , but it did keep the stock stable .
Analysts said there was no big uptick in HP stock because the company simply did what the business world expected of it .
The stock would have dropped had it not turned 9,000 people loose in an economy where there are almost no decent jobs to be found .
See the magic ?
Wall Street and corporate leaders do everything they can to reduce the number of jobs available to this country ’s labor force .
It is a ritual of faith .
They fight every move proposed by liberal politicians to bring some measure of economic stability to America ’s people .
But they thought the number of available jobs would increase substantially .
Magically .
Before long , corporate executives will again be “ disappointed ” when the Labor Department reports that the number of jobs still is n’t growing measurably , and they ’ll sell off more stocks and cut more jobs .
In the meantime , they ’ll buy some other stocks and push those price up on the basis of some other equally foolish myth or another .
Truly , people , do you want those believers in myths and magical nonsense determining our government ’s economic policies ?
Any of its policies ?
— — — — — — — —— —— ——
While we ’re at it :
As noted earlier , one of the favorite ideas of right wing politicians and corporate leaders is to turn major highways over to corporations , which would operate them as toll roads .
If anyone knows the history of toll roads in modern America , and the involvement of , shall we say unsavory , individuals and organizations , he or she will not want to extend that system .
And then there is the question of road maintenance , a big question because money spent on maintenance is money that does n’t go into the pockets of toll road owners .
And how about the lobbying a highly profitable toll operator is likely to do to prevent spending on public roads which might provide unwanted competition ?
You undoubtedly can come up with another dozen questions .
And turning all postal services over to private business ?
First , this simple point :
The postal service is a “ service ” for all citizens .
Like freeways and city streets and fire and police services and a whole lot of other necessary activities , it is tax supported .
It should be .
Turn it over to corporations and in the blink of an eye , unprofitable service to rural areas and probably some poorer urban areas will be cut off .
You want your mail ?
Drive 30 miles , or maybe 50 miles , to the nearest Fed Ex office .
Ca n’t afford a car ?
Tough .
Cost of package delivery will soar , guaranteed .
And , as with Fed Ex , the anti-labor execs will start union busting and cutting worker pay .
We ’ll get much less and pay much more than we do now .
It ’s magic .
Jim Fuller
Originally Posted by Blizzard Originally Posted by
Although the Wildhammer and Dragonmaw bases are virtually identical , the terrain surrounding each base is not .
Players will need to work to control an asymmetrical field where the mountain peaks are divided by a valley river .
A single bridge over the river serves as a choke point in the center of the map ; although deep , the river can be crossed .
On either side of the river sits an outpost where temporary character enhancements can be claimed .
In addition , tree stumps and rocks throughout the valley create strategic points for you to use line of sight to your advantage .
To prevent absolute domination by one faction through its control of the enemy graveyard , the Horde and Alliance players resurrected in Twin Peaks will spawn from one of two graveyards per faction .
Greece 's bloated public sector – the playground of patronage politics by successive governments over the last 30 years – will bear the brunt of the concessions made by prime minister George Papandreou in return for the historic bailout by the EU and International Monetary Fund .
Civil servants will lose up to two months in wages , with salaries and pensions being frozen during the three - year programme .
In what was regarded as one of the toughest speeches made by a prime minister in Greece , George Papandreou warned Greeks today of the harsh realities of the terms of the financial package .
" The alternative course would be a catastrophe and greater pain for all .
Economic reality has forced us to take very harsh decisions , " Papandreou told his ministers in a televised address of the emergency meeting of his cabinet – the first ever held on a Sunday morning .
" This is the only way we will finance our € 300bn [ £ 261 bn ] debt .
These sacrifices will give us breathing space and the time we need to make great changes .
I want to tell Greeks , very honestly , that we have a big trial ahead of us , " he said , adding that the civil service was " the big sick man " of Greece .
The politician , who inherited the crisis when his Pasok party ended five years of conservative rule last October , insisted that his government would have no choice but to enforce the economic reforms ruthlessly .
It is hoped the cost - cutting policies will trim the budget of € 30bn – 11 percentage points of GDP over the next three years – bringing a runaway public deficit of 13.6 % within permissible EU limits by 2014 .
Previous austerity measures announced during the socialists ' short term in office had failed to pacify markets .
" The avoidance of bankruptcy is the national red line , " Papandreou said , adding that he was aware that the painful policies could entail a political cost : " I want to be clear to all .
I have done , and will do , everything so the country does not go bankrupt .
By the end of my [ four year ] term , Greece will not be bankrupt .
It will be renewed . "
But it was left to Giorgos Papaconstantinou , the Greek finance minister , to outline the details of the unprecedented rescue package for a eurozone member .
Painting an even starker picture of the nation 's public finances , the politician predicted that with its economy also contracting , Greece 's public debt would hit nearly 150 % of GDP before it even began to drop in 2014 .
At 120 % , Athens has the highest public debt to GDP ratio on the continent .
" The choice is between collapse or salvation , " he said .
Under the deal , agreed after 10 days of intense negotiations with the IMF and EU , VAT will also rise by two percentage points from 21 % .
Duties on fuel , cigarettes , alcohol and luxury goods will similarly increase by 10 % .
The Greek government has vowed to rush emergency legislation through parliament by next Friday , which will enable it to enact the reforms .
But May
Day demonstrations gave a taste of the nation 's mood erupting into violent protests as tens of thousands rallied through the cities of Greece denouncing economic policies they say will bring them to their knees .
With the economy already in deep recession and unemployment expected to soar over 18 % this year , the majority of Greeks regard the measures – the third austerity package to be announced this year – as a policy choice too far .
Anger has been stoked not only by the intervention of the IMF – the hated face of fiscal rescue programmes – but the perception that it is the poor who are being targeted by the reforms and not the rich .
A poll released on Friday showed that more than half would take to the streets in protest at the new cuts .
Girding for the " mother of all battles " unions have also announced a series of strikes including a nationwide walk - out this Wednesday .
" These measures are tough and unfair , " said Stathis Anestis , a spokesman for private sector union GSEE .
" They lead workers to misery and the country deeper into recession . "
With Greece effectively shut out of capital markets because of prohibitively high borrowing costs , the emergency aid is expected to cover most of its refinancing needs over the next three years .
But the country still harboured the hope of returning to commercial lenders when the exorbitant interest rates charged on government bonds had fallen and " normalised " , Papaconstantinou insisted .
While shoring up the eurozone 's weakest link , it is hoped the bailout will bring a decisive end to a crisis that has not only shaken global markets but , in exposing the currency bloc 's fault lines , threatened to envelope other financially vulnerable eurozone members .
Both Portugal and Spain had their debt ratings downgraded by credit ratings agencies last week – in a move that replicated the onset of Greece 's own debt crisis .
Last night , ABC aired the penultimate episode for the TV drama Lost and with the finale coming up this Sunday , May 23 , I thought it would be a great time to commemorate a show that was excellent in all fields , not just direction , acting , and writing , but also in music .
Oscar , Emmy , and Grammy winner ( just a Tony short of an EGOT ) Michael Giacchino composed and arranged all the music for the show and his extensive use of leitmotifs helps shape the emotional backbone of the show : the character relations .
A criticism shared by fans and critics is that the writing these nuanced relationships tend to be neglected among the madness and bliss of exploring time travel and reincarnations .
As a result the grounding and moving effect provided by the scoring has needed to be that much more masterful .
Looking at any individual character ’s theme music confirms and cements character progressions that the show has developed over the past six years and maybe reveals secrets as to how character storylines will resolve in the final episode .
Warning : Spoilers
John Locke
When we first meet John Locke he is a mysterious figure , sporting a collection of knives and an understanding of stalking and killing boar , but as we delve into his past we see him as an emotionally fractured and physically crippled man yearning for love , normalcy , and redemption .
This duality is given two distinct leitmotifs .
Locke ’s mystery theme
Audio clip : Adobe Flash Player ( version 9 or above ) is required to play this audio clip .
Download the latest version here .
You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser .
Locke ’s yearning theme
Audio clip : Adobe Flash Player ( version 9 or above ) is required to play this audio clip .
Download the latest version here .
You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser .
On the Island , Locke is defined by his ardent and sometimes blind faith .
The foundation of this faith is that John , a cripple off the Island recovers his ability to walk .
His belief that the Island is a special place is amplified when he encounters the smoke monster , an experience he describes to Jack in a strange but moving scene .
Locke says “ I looked into the eye of the Island , and what I saw …was beautiful . ”
This faith is tested ( his trials in the hatch and battling with Ben ) , but ultimately Locke ascends as leader of The Others , which is purportedly Locke ’s purpose , to protect the Island .
At this point his mystery theme prevails over his yearning theme , and is harmonized with the ominously powerful ( and Egyptian - evoking ) I harmony with a bVI embellishment .
Fulfillment of Locke ’s mysterious purpose and faith
Audio clip : Adobe Flash Player ( version 9 or above ) is required to play this audio clip .
Download the latest version here .
You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser .
However , as Locke ’s story unfolds we realize he is really just a foil in a larger plan by an unnamed evil force ( the Man in Black / smoke monster ) of the Island .
The Man in Black inhabits Locke ’s body and uses his image to manipulate other characters .
Fittingly , The Man in Black also appropriates Locke ’s leader theme music .
When we catch references to the real Locke , who is dead , his yearning theme is transformed into a broken , confused battle between delicate strings and a darker orchestral motif .
Locke post - mortem
Audio clip : Adobe Flash Player ( version 9 or above ) is required to play this audio clip .
Download the latest version here .
You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser .
As we approach the series finale , Locke ’s tortured and confused yet admirable path does n’t have an easy resolution .
He has n’t fulfilled some larger purpose as he fervently believed during his lifetime , but his unwavering belief is a guiding light for Jack ’s transformation and inheritance of a larger title , that of candidate .
If anything is to be learned from Locke ’s flash sideways motif , his yearning side is an admirable if tragic part of his multivalent personality .
Locke , sideways
Audio clip : Adobe Flash Player ( version 9 or above ) is required to play this audio clip .
Download the latest version here .
You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser .
Jack Shephard
Lost opens with an image of Jack Shepard ‘s dilated eye as he wakes up in a bamboo forest after a plane crash .
After a few minutes of disorientation , Jack sprints to the beach and helps save a number of the crash victims , establishing himself as a leader and savior .
Jack ’s extreme dedication is the foundation of his capability as a leader , but is also his undoing .
Off the Island , we see that overcommitment unravels Jack ’s relationships with his father and wife , and on the Island it disables him from recognizing his fated role in the Island ’s complex and faith - based mythology .
Despite the ensemble cast and multifaceted focus , Lost is often the story of Jack , so he has no one dedicated theme that evolves throughout .
However , as Jack plays different roles – leader , rescuer , despondent , believer – he is accompanied by a variety of musical leitmotifs that are integrated into the larger score .
During Jack ’s stay as the leader and savior of the castaways he is expeditious and pragmatic , but optimistic that he can lead his people to safety .
Whenever Jack incites his followers to execute one of his plans we hear a capable , deterministic canon .
When he leads them to the brink of being saved by the freighter we hear a hopeful but exasperated ascending theme .
Expedition theme
Audio clip : Adobe Flash Player ( version 9 or above ) is required to play this audio clip .
Download the latest version here .
You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser .
Rescued theme
Audio clip : Adobe Flash Player ( version 9 or above ) is required to play this audio clip .
Download the latest version here .
You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser .
Jack ’s flashbacks ( and flashforwards ) reveal him as vulnerable and obsessive , culminating in the Season 3 finale where Jack staggers through the episode delirious on oxycodone and lamenting his role as savior .
Jack ’s soft underbelly
Audio clip : Adobe Flash Player ( version 9 or above ) is required to play this audio clip .
Download the latest version here .
You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser .
Jack despondent
Audio clip : Adobe Flash Player ( version 9 or above ) is required to play this audio clip .
Download the latest version here .
You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser .
Jack ’s redemption comes after his complete breakdown off - Island .
He resolves himself to return to the island and acknowledge his role as another gear in the Island ’s clockworks .
A leader by spiritual persistence rather than pigheaded dedication , Jack ’s music is now beautiful and unburdened , imbuing his character with an honest wisdom .
Fittingly , the opening harmony is the same E minor that open ’s Jacob ’s theme .
Jack , candidate
Audio clip : Adobe Flash Player ( version 9 or above ) is required to play this audio clip .
Download the latest version here .
You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser .
Jacob ’s theme
Audio clip : Adobe Flash Player ( version 9 or above ) is required to play this audio clip .
Download the latest version here .
You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser .
Ben Linus
As leader of The Others , Ben Linus was Lost ‘s primary antagonist from Seasons 2 - 5 .
Ben ’s theme music is probably my favorite on the show because it uses
Lost ‘s danger motif as a small chromatic passing tone in an otherwise lonely and emotive piano passage to cast Ben ’s fragility as the foundation for his dangerous role as antagonist .
Ben , like all of the characters on the show , has a weak , frightened persona under his projected facade , so while he embodies danger and evil on the surface he is equivalently tortured by the burden of his mother ’s death and memories of his abusive father .
Danger theme
Audio clip : Adobe Flash Player ( version 9 or above ) is required to play this audio clip .
Download the latest version here .
You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser .
Ben ’s theme
Audio clip : Adobe Flash Player ( version 9 or above ) is required to play this audio clip .
Download the latest version here .
You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser .
Ben ’s theme , fully orchestrated as he turns the frozen donkey wheel
Audio clip : Adobe Flash Player ( version 9 or above ) is required to play this audio clip .
Download the latest version here .
You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser .
Desmond Hume
Desmond plays a pivotal role in Lost ‘s mythology .
He has a place in the plane crash , destroying the hatch , finding Naomi , contacting the freighter , and even now has the new role of failsafe .
Though Desmond as an Island role - player is complicated and intriguing , it ’s his love for Penelope Widmore that renders him a worthwhile three - dimensional character and one of my favorites on the show .
His love for Penny is surprisingly authentic and moving despite the cloying or goofy approach Lost usually takes with love plots .
Desmond ’s unabashedly melodic and romantic motif is the emotional anchor that drives him , even as he attempts to do something crazy like collapse a parallel universe or tap into the Island ’s “ light ” source using his electromagnetic immunity .
Desmond ’s theme
Audio clip : Adobe Flash Player ( version 9 or above ) is required to play this audio clip .
Download the latest version here .
You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser .
Desmond ’s theme , orchestrated
Audio clip : Adobe Flash Player ( version 9 or above ) is required to play this audio clip .
Download the latest version here .
You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser .
Desmond , sideways
Audio clip : Adobe Flash Player ( version 9 or above ) is required to play this audio clip .
Download the latest version here .
You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser .
Lost closes with a two and a half hour finale on Sunday , May 23 .
Image caption
It is still not clear what difference milk makes to the health benefits
Drinking several cups of tea or coffee a day appears to protect against heart disease , a 13 - year - long study from the Netherlands has found .
It adds to a growing body of evidence suggesting health benefits from the most popular hot drinks .
Those who drank more than six cups of tea a day cut their risk of heart disease by a third , the study of 40,000 people found .
Consuming between two to four coffees a day was also linked to a reduced risk .
While the protective effect ceased with more than four cups of coffee a day , even those who drank this much were no more likely to die of any cause , including stroke and cancer , than those who abstained .
The Dutch tend to drink coffee with a small amount of milk and black tea without .
There have been conflicting reports as to whether milk substantially affects the polyphenols - believed to be the most beneficial substance in tea .
Having a cigarette with your coffee could completely cancel any benefits Ellen Mason , British Heart Foundation
Coffee has properties which could in theory simultaneously increase and reduce risk - potentially raising cholesterol while battling the inflammatory damage associated with heart disease .
But the study in the Journal of the American Heart Association finds those who drank between two and four cups a day lowered the risk of the disease by 20 % .
" It 's basically a good news story for those who like tea and coffee .
These drinks appear to offer benefits for the heart without raising the risk of dying from anything else , " said Professor Yvonne van der Schouw , the lead researcher .
Ellen Mason , Senior Cardiac Nurse at the British Heart Foundation , said : " This study adds further weight to the evidence that drinking tea and coffee in moderation is not harmful for most people , and may even lower your risk of developing , or dying , from heart disease .
" However , it 's worth remembering that leading a healthy overall lifestyle is the thing that really matters when it comes to keeping your heart in top condition .
" Having a cigarette with your coffee could completely cancel any benefits , while drinking lots of tea in front of the TV for hours on end without exercising is unlikely to offer your heart much protection at all . "
La Canciller �a plantear� a EU la necesidad de revisar los procedimientos para enfrentar la violencia fronteriza , incluyendo el uso de la fuerza letal
PATRULLA FRONTERIZA
Los agentes norteamericanos dispararon contra un grupo de migrantes .
Autoridades forenses de M�xico levantaron el cuerpo del menor de 14 a�os .
( Foto : AP )
Ciudad de M�xico | Martes 08 de junio de 2010
Redacci�n | El Universal
13:53
There 's more to Google Maps than a place you double - check your directions .
Google 's data - stuffed site offers a lot of helpful tools for vacationers , spreadsheet nerds , bikers , and others .
Today we 're digging into Google 's data - rich geo - tool and pulling out some helpful lesser - known features .
Advertisement
Photo by heiwa4126 .
10 . Use Starred Addresses Instead of Your Memory
Advertisement
It 's a subtle little thing , but clicking the star icon next to a location listing in Google Maps is a real time saver .
On Android , BlackBerry , Windows Mobile and Symbian phones — and , presumably , iPhones in some future update — you can pulled up " Starred Items " when you 're plugging in the address you 're getting directions to .
It 's a lot faster than thumb typing , and if you 're assembling a temporary list of places to go , starred items can be a disposable checklist .
9. Show a " You Are Here " Marker
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
It 's easy to miss , between the four - point navigation tool and the zoom slider .
But click that little button while using Firefox or Google Chrome and , through the magic of the geolocation standard , Maps will use nearby Wi-Fi and IP data to pin down a ( rough ) approximation of where you 're at .
It 's convenient when you 're in a foreign place with only a loose sense of direction — or if , like some Lifehacker editors , you seem to have inherited no sense of direction in general .
( Original post )
Advertisement
8. Create Multi-Day Walking Itineraries
Advertisement
Want to get around a new city without having to pull out a smartphone or big folding map at every other intersection ?
Google City
Tours pieces together a multi-stop itinerary for you with easy walking directions , formatted for easy printing .
The tool has that Google -y quality of knowing what you 're looking for after typing the vaguest search , but you can also move your destination pins to any specific address .
If nothing else , it 's a paper - saver : one map and set of directions , as opposed to 10 print - outs .
( Original post )
Advertisement
7. Fine - Tune or Report A Bad Location
Advertisement
Maps does n't get everything right every time .
If Maps has a marker that 's off , a wrong number , or a dead web site listed , you can sometimes fix it yourself .
Click the pin for an address , hit the link for " More , " and select " Edit Details . "
It wo n't work on businesses that have " claimed " their listing through the Local Business Center , and there are limits on what you can move , but if you know a pointer is just fundamentally wrong , there 's a fix for that .
You can also simply report a problem if you 're unable to actually edit the wrong information .
6. Map Out a Great Bike Route
Google Maps ' biking directions do more than just estimate how long it would take a very slow car to get from one point to another .
Google takes traffic into account , sure , but also hills , routes that an area or cycling group has deemed as bike - friendly , designated bike lanes , and other cycle - specific data into account .
Bicycle routes that normally would n't be shown in seeking car directions also appear on the map , in a green color that stands out , and the tool as a whole is a cyclist 's best friend in visiting a new area , or looking to vary up their excursions .
( Original post )
Advertisement
5. Provide Instant Lat / Long ( GPS ) Coordinates
Advertisement
If you 're into the geocaching phenomenon , or need GPS coordinates for a webapp or another use , Google Maps can provide them , but not by default .
Click the green beaker - style Labs icon in the upper - right corner of Google Maps , then enable the LatLng Tooltip to see coordinates wherever your cursor is , or the LatLng Marker to be able to drop a " pin " wherever you need coordinates .
Do n't like to keep experimental stuff running ?
Try this previously posted bookmarklet , which pops up with the positioning coordinates of whatever 's centered on your Google Map .
How to find latitude and longitude
The always helpful Tech - Recipes has come up with an ingenius way to find latitude and longitude …
Read more
Advertisement
4. Show Photos Taken Nearby
Advertisement
Wherever you go , someone has been there before , and probably snagged a picture , too .
So if you want to make sure you recognize a particular destination from the road , or want to see what the fuss is about any old place , find it in Maps , click on its pin and access Street View , then look for the Photos button to appear in the upper - right corner when you 're virtually facing the place in Street View .
As you " walk " around , you 'll find different perspectives taken from various spots , and possibly some historical photos that have been properly geo-tagged , too , from Flickr , Picasa Web Albums , and Panoramio .
( Original post )
Advertisement
3. Find Places Near Any Point on a Map
Advertisement
If you 're searching for a particular place — a street name , a business , or other landmark — you can click on a marker and hit the " Search nearby " link to find coffee , gas , banks , or whatever else you need .
What if you do n't have a place to pin down , but want to generally browse an area ?
Right click anywhere on a Google map , click " What 's Nearby ? " in the box that pops up , and Google will create a pin based on a rough street address estimate , or with precise GPS coordinates .
From there , you can click on " Search Nearby " in the box that appears in the left - hand pane , and search around without worrying about specifics .
2. Provide Directions via SMS
Advertisement
When you 're lost and out of mobile internet territory , that 's when directions are probably a really helpful thing .
If you can still eke out an SMS message , you can text GOOGLE with a message formatted as " Directions A to B , " substituting a town , ZIP code , or street address for A and B .
Google will hit you back with the same directions it would provide via Maps , and your friends will say that you 've saved this road trip .
1. Plot Spreadsheet Addresses On a Map
Spreadsheets are the best way to gather and organize information in standard form .
If you 've got a whole host of options to keep track of in different locations , the clever Maps / spreadsheet mashup BatchGeo will take your spreadsheet and plot it out across a Google Map .
Simply paste your spreadsheet data , and BatchGeo standardizes the addresses and creates a custom My Map , filled with your locations and each one retaining the other data you plugged in about it .
It 's a fast way to make it look like you did a whole bunch of work , and that 's never a bad thing .
And while it's not technically a Google Maps feature , we think it should be .
( Original post )
Advertisement
What cool little thing in Google Maps does n't get enough love ?
What hidden - in - plain - sight offerings would you have included in this list ?
We want to hear about your favorite geo - tools in the comments .
Image caption Gail Cochrane was jailed for five years for possessing the weapon
A grandmother has been jailed for five years for possessing a " family heirloom " World War II pistol .
Gail Cochrane , 53 , had kept the gun for 29 years following the death of her father , who had been in the Royal Navy .
Police found the weapon , a Browning self - loading pistol , during a search of her home in Dundee while looking for her son .
She admitted illegal possession of the firearm , an offence with a minimum five - year jail term under Scots law .
Cochrane told the High Court in Edinburgh that she had never contemplated she might be committing a crime by keeping the gun or that she might need to get a licence for the weapon .
She said : " I thought it was just a war trophy . "
Defence solicitor advocate Jack Brown argued that the circumstances surrounding the case were exceptional and that it would be " draconian , unjust and disproportionate " to jail the grandmother - of - six .
Prohibited weapon
However , Judge Lady Smith said : " I am not satisfied that a reasonable explanation has been put forward for not handing this gun into the authorities throughout the 29 - year period she says she has had it in her possession . "
The judge said she was unable to find herself satisfied that this was one of the rare cases in which exceptional circumstances existed .
She said : " The result is I have no alternative but to sentence Mrs Cochrane to a period of five years . "
The case began after police arrived at the 53 - year - old 's home on 17 June 2009 with an arrest warrant for her son who had failed to turn up for a court appearance .
He was not at the flat , but the 80 - year - old pistol was found underneath a mattress in her bedroom .
When interviewed , Cochrane told police that the gun had previously belonged to her father and that she had kept it when he died .
She said she believed it was a real gun , but had no ammunition for it .
The weapon was sent for examination by firearms experts who concluded that it was a Czech - made pistol dating back to about 1927 .
Cochrane admitted having the 7.65 millimetre Browning self - loading pistol at her home without a firearms certificate and possessing the prohibited weapon without the authority of the Secretary of State or Scottish ministers .
Zero Hedge has been discussing the ongoing liquidity constriction around the world over the past month , focusing on Europe and China , where conditions range from icy to outright frozen .
One country that has been largely ignored , is our very own USA , where despite the Fed 's ongoing liquidity flood , the last few days have seen short - term secured funding in the form of Top Tier Commercial Paper once again jumping to near 2010 highs at 0.43 % ( see chart ) .
This is in stark contrast with ultra short - dated Treasuries , where 30 Day Bills are just barely yielding 0.05 % ( and were as low as 0.02 % a few days prior ) .
Yet for all domestic jitters , it appears that the next source of an ( il ) liquidity crunch will once again come from Europe .
As Barclays ' Joseph Abate notes , there is one event is on the horizon which could send Libor rates as high as 50 % higher .
And that event will occur on July 1 - the 1 year anniversary of the ECB 's Long - Term Refinancing Operation .
This 371 Day LTRO was created just under a year ago by the ECB to add € 442 billion in liquidity to front - end markets .
It is precisely this LTRO that facilitated not only the decline in the FRBNY 's FX swaps , but the gradual drop in dollar Libor to all time lows .
The program was so successful that the ECB followed it up with two other one - year LTROs , yet both much smaller : one for € 75 and one for € 97 billion .
Yet the Halcyon days of well over half a trillion in excess CB - provided liquidity are ending on July 1 , and the roll off will be a critical event , which could set off yet another liquidity crunch first in Europe , and then everywhere else .
The first consideration is that the facility will not roll into a comparable unlimited 1 Year tender , but instead into a much shorter 3 month operation .
As Abate points out : " Market attention is focused on how much of the € 442bn stays at the ECB and how much leaves the program : currently there is about € 300bn “ surplus ” liquidity in the euro area market , and so a full rollover is not theoretically needed . "
And as nobody but JCT really knows what quality collateral is pledging any one euro of circulating money , especially post the complete loosening of A - rating triggers to pledging sovereign debt post the Greece bankruptcy ( unlike the broader media , we do n't mind calling a spade a spade ) , the willingness to unwind the facility will speak volumes about Europe 's banks :
[ Barclays ]
European analysts reckon that based on the level and regional composition of the liquidity on deposit at the ECB , perhaps as much as € 150bn could leave in search of cheaper financing in the market .
Unfortunately , the ECB ’s balance sheet figures are less transparent than the Federal Reserve ’s , so analysts do not have a strong sense of what types of collateral have been pledged into the facility .
Obviously , the more government securities pledged , the more likely it is the 3 m replacement LTRO will be considerably smaller than the € 442bn rolling off .
Yet no matter how much of the full amount rolls off , there will be an immediate " cliff " event in liquidity needs as the public funding market will be replaced by the private : sorry , Jean - Claude , you can't have your public cake and have the private sector eat it ( the cake , not the sector ) .
Any paper leaving the ECB will need to be funded in the market – which given the global reach of many participating banks , should put upward pressure on Eonia as well as dollar Libor .
All things equal , however , the smaller the replacement LTRO is relative to the € 442bn roll - off , the more likely it is Libor will increase from 53 bp currently .
Another way of looking at why Libor is set to surge is based on expectations of what is happening behind the scenes , as nobody still have any idea what is really held by the ECB , either in its LTRO , or any other Operational facilities :
Assuming that most of the collateral pledged in the LTRO is lower quality , there might not be much of an exodus out of the facility .
Instead , the replacement 3 m LTRO could be nearly as large as the original € 442bn .
Not only would this indicate that banks still have lower quality assets on their balance sheets – but that the decline in market rates since last July has not been broad or deep enough to enable institutions to leave the security of the ECB .
Market participants could interpret this as an indication of still high counterparty credit risk .
In turn , this would raise FRA - OIS rates – in both Europe and the US as investors reassess credit exposure .
And the piece de resisance is that the imminent disclosure of the European " Stress Tests " will backfire , as they will be announced at a time when liquidity tensions are soaring , and Libor is starting to surge once again .
Credit concerns could also be reignited next month with the release of the EU ’s bank stress test results .
To the extent that financial markets interpret these results negatively , FRA - OIS might get an additional push higher .
Will all this be sufficient to cause an interbank lending crisis in the US , comparable to that enveloping Spain and soon other European countries ?
At this point it is still difficult to make a determination , although the two opposing forces of Fed reliquification , and private market stress escalation , will once again certainly be locked in a duel , which will definitely have an impact on all risk assets .
Perhaps it is this that tension that has been keeping the market on edge .
Either way , keep an eye out on Libor , CP ( both US and European ) , and ultra short dated Bills : despite the Fed 's interventions , the broader market will overwhelm a liquidity intervention any day , and the Fed may soon find itself with little if any options to restore liquidity in the broader capital markets , increasingly losing any and all credibility , precisely courtesy of seemingly endless Central bank intervention .
Mobile phone makers are scrambling to come up with a response to Apple 's iPhone 4 , which was just announced Monday ( though we knew it was coming considerably before the announcement ) -- and it looks like Motorola may have come up with a pretty good one : a 2GHz smartphone by the end of the year .
Now Conceivably
Tech reports that Sanjay Jha , CEO of Motorola 's consumer business and mobile devices division , confirmed that the company will have a 2GHz smartphone by the end of the year .
Jha spoke at the Executives Club of Chicago on Wednesday -- at the same event where , last year , Steve Ballmer mentioned Microsoft 's plans for " Project Natal . "
Jha also spoke about the mobile devices industry , and predicted that within a few years most corporations will give their employees smartphones instead of notebooks .
Jha did not elaborate any further on the upcoming 2GHz smartphone , though an anonymous Motorola executive told Conceivably Tech that the new phone will " incorporate everything that is technologically possible in a smartphone today . "
According to this executive , the phone will be Android based , and include a gyroscope and Nvidia Tegra - based graphics processor with full Flash 10.1 hardware acceleration .
The snappiest smartphones on the market today -- including the Google Nexus One , HTC Evo , and the HTC Incredible -- use a 1GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon processor .
Apple is in the same league -- the iPhone 4 features a 1GHz A4 processor .
Qualcomm recently announced that it will be introducing dual - core smartphone processors -- Snapdragon chipsets with two processor cores that run with speeds of up to 1.2GHz .
It 's unclear what the 2GHz chipset in the new Motorola phone will be , but it looks like it will be at least twice as fast as any smartphone on the market today .
Watch out iPhone 4 .
Eric Blair
War with Iran has already been decided by the powers that be and the modern - day quasi- declaration happened last Thursday .
Using the same legislative and propaganda playbook that led to the Iraq War , the U.S. Government has just officially declared War on Iran .
Reuters reported “ Congress on Thursday approved tough new unilateral sanctions aimed at squeezing Iran ’s energy and banking sectors , which could also hurt companies from other countries doing business with Tehran .
The House of Representatives passed the bill 408 - 8 and sent it to President Barack Obama for signing into law .
The Senate had approved it 99 - 0 earlier in the day . ”
Congress has n’t officially voted for a Declaration of War since World War II .
In modern times they use creative wording in bills that authorize the broad use of force across borders in the sweeping “ War on Terror . ”
The Bush Doctrine of preemptively attacking countries because they may pose a threat to America in the future was universally trashed by progressives , but is alive and well under Obama , the Prince of Peace , without one dissenting vote in the Senate .
This authority is what the Obama Administration claims also gives them the legal argument to bomb sovereign countries like Pakistan .
This unilateral decision by the United States Congress comes on the heels of a 12 - 2 U.N. Security Council vote on June 8th to impose a “ modest tightening of sanctions ” against Iran .
Of course , Russia and China have been assured that sanctions wo n’t apply to their energy needs in order to secure their votes .
After the vote President Obama asserted that , “ these sanctions do not close the door on diplomacy . ”
However , the United States preempted this embargo vote in Congress by taking up an aggressive posture in tandem with Israel by deploying an Armada of Battleships to the Red Sea .
There are now reports from the Israeli National News that , “ The Israeli Air Force recently unloaded military equipment at a Saudi Arabia base , a semi-official Iranian news agency claimed Wednesday , while a large American force has massed in Azerbaijan , which is on the northwest border of Iran . ”
Now , it seems that the United States is working overtime to sell their war plans to potential allies .
CIA chief , Leon Panetta appeared on ABC’s This Week and announced that the Iranians , “ have enough low - enriched uranium right now for two weapons .
They do have to enrich it , fully , in order to get there .
And we would estimate that if they made that decision , it would probably take a year to get there , probably another year to develop the kind of weapon delivery system in order to make that viable . ”
While world leaders negotiate their piece of the Iranian pie in G8 negotiations , the multinational fear campaign has begun .
Russian President Dmitry Medvedev said Sunday that a CIA warning that Iran has enough uranium to build two atomic bombs was “ worrying , ” and criticized Tehran ’s secrecy over its nuclear program .
Gathered at the G8 Summit in Ottawa , world leaders now “ fully believe ” and are “ worried ” that a preemptive attack by Israel on Iran is inevitable .
Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi told reporters that “ Iran is not guaranteeing a peaceful production of nuclear power [ so ] the members of the G8 are worried and believe absolutely that Israel will probably react preemptively . ”
.
Enforcing an unprovoked embargo on a sovereign nation has been historically defined as an act of war .
Unfortunately , very few of our elected officials know or understand history and therefore overwhelmingly voted for the new sanctions .
Congressman Ron Paul ( R - TX ) , an outspoken critic of Iran sanctions , was one of the eight house members to vote against the measure .
Here is Ron Paul from a few months ago comparing sanctions to an Act of War while discussing this bill ; H.R. 2194 Comprehensive Iran Sanctions , Accountability , and Divestment Act of 2010
( This guest post previously appeared at the author 's blog The Economic Collapse )
How do you save a city that is dramatically declining like Detroit ?
Well , for the mayor of Detroit the answer is simple - you bulldoze one - fourth of the city .
Faced with a 300 million dollar budget deficit and a rapidly dwindling tax base , Detroit finds itself having to make some really hard choices .
During the glory days of the 1950s , Detroit was a booming metropolis of approximately 2 million people , but now young people have left in droves and the current population is less than a million .
The true unemployment rate for those still living in Detroit is estimated to be somewhere around 45 to 50 percent , and poverty and desperation have become entrenched everywhere .
In many areas of the city , only one or two houses remain occupied an an entire city block .
In fact , some areas of Detroit have so many vacant , burned - out homes that they literally look like war zones .
And yes , it is true that there are actually some houses in Detroit that you can actually buy for just one dollar .
According to one recent estimate , Detroit has 33,500 empty houses and 91,000 vacant residential lots .
So what can be done when an entire city experiences economic collapse ?
Well , Detroit Mayor Dave Bing ( pictured ) believes that the answer is to downsize on a massive scale .
Bing believes that Detroit simply cannot continue to pay for police patrols , fire protection and other essential services for areas that resemble ghost towns .
So his plan is to bulldoze approximately 10,000 houses and empty buildings over the next 3 years and direct new investment into stronger neighborhoods .
In the areas that the city plans to bulldoze , the residents would be offered the opportunity to relocate to a better area .
For buildings that have already been abandoned , the city could simply use tax foreclosure proceedings to reclaim them .
Of course if there were some residents that did not want to move , eminent domain could be used to force them out .
So which areas would be bulldozed and which areas would be left standing ?
Nobody knows yet , and those decisions could make a lot of people angry .
Also , the city of Detroit simply does not have the money to purchase land and relocate residents without federal assistance .
So there are problems .
But other smaller cities are already doing this kind of thing on a smaller scale .
The city of Youngstown , Ohio has been bulldozing a few hundred houses a year since 2005 .
Flint , Michigan has already torn down approximately 1,100 houses mostly in outlying areas .
The program in Flint was actually the brainchild of Dan Kildee , treasurer of Genesee County , which includes the city of Flint .
In Flint , no residents are forced out of their homes unwillingly .
Instead , the city has been buying up houses in more affluent areas of Flint to offer to those in areas that the city wishes to bulldoze .
The program in Flint has been so successful that Mr. Kildee has been asked to help implement it in other cities that are in decline .
And there are a whole lot of U.S. cities that are in a serious state of decline - mostly in what is known as " the Rust Belt " of America .
Because of reckless U.S. trade policies , the once great U.S. manufacturing base centered in the Rust Belt has been dismantled and those jobs simply are never going to come back .
So now cities like Detroit and Flint are faced with either dealing with the economics of decline or going bankrupt for good .
But the truth is that Detroit and Flint are just on the cutting edge of what is happening to America as a whole .
The U.S. is experiencing a very painful economic decline , and what is happening in Detroit and Flint could happen in your city very soon .
Are you ready ?
vintage Li'l Bucketboy poster , circa 1932
This is just a great find !
Though I have yet to see the entire " two - reel " cartoon .
I was able to coax the owner into sending the trailer to have it transferred to video .
Based on this , it seems Hoverboy works for some shadowy network of corporations that are looking to oust St. Nick so they can have Christmas all to themselves .
Though not as good as the Fleischer Superman cartoons of the early 40's , the animation quality is great for a Hoverboy cartoon !
WATCH THE TRAILER !
A
Hoverboy deals with an upity elf !
Vintage lobby card , circa 1947 .
Hoverboy in the Hall of Commerce .
Vintage lobby card , circa 1947 .
BACK TO SCREEN MAIN
All images copyright Marcus Moore
Operator Card
All operators of pleasure craft fitted with a motor and used for recreational purposes are required to have proof of competency with them onboard at all times .
Learn more ►
Loading F.B.I. Files on Edward M. Kennedy
The Document Viewer requires that you enable Javascript .
Girl , eight , says 10 - year - old boys ' did not rape her '
The girl gave evidence by videolink from another room in the court
An eight - year - old girl alleged to have been sexually assaulted by two 10 - year - olds has told the Old Bailey that the boys did not rape her .
She said she had lied to her mother about what had happened because she had been " naughty " and was worried she would not get any sweets .
The girl was allegedly attacked in a field in west London in October 2009 .
The boys , now aged 10 and 11 , each deny two charges of rape and two charges of attempted rape of a child under 13 .
In cross-examination by defence counsel , the girl admitted that she had voluntarily been playing with the boys and had pulled her own underwear down while the boys exposed themselves to her .
Linda Strudwick , defending , asked the girl whether she had told her mother it was one of the boys that did it .
AT THE SCENE Andy McFarlane , BBC News , The Old Bailey
As the young complainant finished giving evidence , Mr Justice Saunders acknowledged she had been through " an ordeal " .
During the course of the day , she had spent a total of about two hours and 20 minutes giving evidence - via videolink to spare her the courtroom 's intimidating atmosphere .
The court had been shown videos of police interviews during which she described - in simple terms - being raped .
But , under cross-examination , she denied that first one boy - then the second - had forced her into anything .
The barristers tried to ask simple questions , usually getting short replies of " yes " , " no " , or " I do n't remember " .
Indeed , at one point , Mr Justice Saunders told her : " [ Defence barrister ]
Miss Strudwick is a very nice lady but you do n't have to say ' yes ' to everything she asks . "
At the end , he told the girl plainly : " No - one 's suggesting you 've done anything wrong at all .
I 'm the judge and I know . "
She said : " You did n't want your mum to think you had been naughty ? "
The girl , giving evidence from behind a screen , replied : " Yeah . "
The judge , Mr Justice Saunders , asked what the girl had been worried about and she replied : " No sweets if it [ sic ] found out I had been naughty . "
The judge asked her if she had been naughty when she was with the boys and the girl replied : " Just a tiny bit . "
The court has been told that the boys tried taking the girl to the third floor of a block of flats , then a nearby bin shed and into some bushes in order to find a " sufficiently secluded spot " .
They ended up at the field , where both boys carried out the assault , prosecutors say .
None of the children involved in the trial can be identified because of their age .
When asked by the other boy 's barrister , Chetna Patel , if she had played with him before , the girl replied that she had " sometimes " .
" My sister used to play with him and she kept wanting to kiss him , so my mum wanted me to watch over her , " she told the court .
Later , when she was asked whether the boy had pulled down her underwear , or carried out the sexual assault , she replied : " No . " ' Scooter thrown '
However , when Miss Patel asked whether the boy had picked her up at any time , the girl replied : " I ca n't remember . "
As she finished her evidence , the judge asked : " Can you now remember what went on in the field ? "
The girl replied : " I ca n't remember . "
The court had earlier seen two videos of police interviews with the girl .
During the second , she told an officer that the boys had thrown her scooter in some bushes and told her she would not get it back unless she did what they said .
When asked if she had told police during that second interview things that " did n't happen " , the girl replied : " No . " Earlier , the girl had directed a video operator around a virtual reality reconstruction of her estate to show where the prosecution says she was taken in the run-up to the assault .
After identifying the flats , bin shed and bushes in question , she directed the operator to a gap in a fence leading to a field where the assault is alleged to have happened .
The trial continues .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
From Citizendium
( CC ) Photo : Hayford Peirce
An intersection of two stravenues in Tucson , Arizona An intersection of two stravenues in Tucson , Arizona
Stravenues are public roads apparently unique to Tucson , Arizona , a large American city that is laid out predominantly on a grid system in which most of its streets run east - west or north - south .
Most roads running east - west are called " streets " , while most roads running north - south are called " avenues " .
Exceptions exist , particularly in the foothills to the north of the city , in which curving , winding roads are the rule rather than the exception , but even here a general pattern of calling them " streets " and " avenues " obtains .
In a few areas of Tucson , however , primarily around the central part of the city , which is divided by railroad tracks running diagonally from southeast to northwest , builders have created small subdivisions of roads and houses that also are laid out on a diagonal basis rather than the normal east - west or north - south .
Most of these subdivisions are located near either the Benson Highway or Aviation Highway , which also run southeast to northwest .
[ 1]
At some point in time , perhaps 50 to 60 years ago , when the first of these subdivisions was created , an imaginative developer denominated its roads " stravenues " , a combination of " street " and " avenue " .
The United States Postal Service recognizes the existence of stravenues , and has designated STRA as the official designation to use when addressing an envelope to , for instance , 2430 S. Holly STRA , Tucson , AZ 85715 .
[2 ]
The term is even defined in the laws of Pima County , in which Tucson is located . [ 3 ] [ 4 ]
Notes
J Balvin lidera las nominaciones al Latin Grammy 2020
El género urbano llegó este 2020 al trono de los premios de la Academia Latina de la Grabación , luego de que el año pasado el colombiano y otras estrellas criticaran la escasa presencia del reguetón y el trap entre los nominados …
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
McLaren boss Martin Whitmarsh says moves will be made to clear up any ' ambiguity ' in Formula 1's testing rules , following Ferrari 's use of a filming day last week to try out its new exhaust system .
Although Ferrari used a legitimate filming opportunity to trial its new blown diffuser , the fact the outfit was able to do some meaningful running with its new system has left a number of rival teams unhappy .
Whitmarsh , who is also chairman of the Formula One Teams ' Association ( FOTA ) , said that the testing agreement between teams would now be clarified so all parties were clear about what was and was not allowed .
" I did n't think the regulations needed clarification but for some they clearly do , " said Whitmarsh , who ruled out his team using a filming day to trial its new Silverstone update package next week .
" We will clarify the regs .
Given I am calling for that then we will not be doing a filming day .
We will be doing a straight - line running day , which will consume one of those days .
That is the fair and proper thing to do . "
He added : " Formula 1 is a very competitive business and people are going to try and take advantage of any perceived ambiguity .
It is n't ambiguous in my English interpretation of it , but others obviously thought it was .
" We have got to remove that ambiguity . "
Whitmarsh believes that , with the world economic situation improving , it could be time for F1 to return to allowing some mid-season testing .
" A little bit of testing in F1 would be the right thing , " he said .
" We had to take significant measures , given the crisis that our economy and F1 had , but I think now as we can see and feel signs of the economy improving , then hopefully we can go back to testing .
" F1 is about running cars .
I think drivers enjoy testing , the teams enjoy going testing and developing cars , so I think it is a good thing to do and progressively , as the health and well - being of the teams develop , then hopefully we can do it . "
Remarks of President Barack Obama Saturday , June 12 , 2010
Weekly Address
Washington , DC
More than a decade ago , Congress set up a formula that governs how doctors get paid by the Medicare program .
The intent was to slow the growth of Medicare costs , but the result was a formula that has proposed cutting payments for America ’s doctors year after year after year .
These are cuts that would not only jeopardize our physicians ’ pay , but our seniors ’ health care .
Since 2003 , Congress has acted to prevent these pay cuts from going into effect .
These votes were largely bipartisan , and they succeeded when Democrats ran Congress and when Republicans ran Congress – which was most of the time .
This year , a majority of Congress is willing to prevent a pay cut of 21 % -- a pay cut that would undoubtedly force some doctors to stop seeing Medicare patients altogether .
But this time , some Senate Republicans may even block a vote on this issue .
After years of voting to defer these cuts , the other party is now willing to walk away from the needs of our doctors and our seniors .
Now , I realize that simply kicking these cuts down the road another year is not a long - term solution to this problem .
For years , I have said that a system where doctors are left to wonder if they ’ll get fairly reimbursed makes absolutely no sense .
And I am committed to permanently reforming this Medicare formula in a way that balances fiscal responsibility with the responsibility we have to doctors and seniors .
In addition , we ’re already taking significant steps to slow the growth of Medicare costs through health insurance reform – not by targeting doctors and seniors , but by eliminating 50 % of the waste , fraud , and abuse in the system by 2012 .
This not only strengthens Medicare , it saves taxpayer dollars .
I ’m absolutely willing to take the difficult steps necessary to lower the cost of Medicare and put our budget on a more fiscally sustainable path .
But I ’m not willing to do that by punishing hard - working physicians or the millions of Americans who count on Medicare .
That ’s just wrong .
And that ’s why in the short - term , Congress must act to prevent this pay cut to doctors .
If they do n’t act , doctors will see a 21 % cut in their Medicare payments this week .
This week , doctors will start receiving these lower reimbursements from the Medicare program .
That could lead them to stop participating in the Medicare program .
And that could lead seniors to lose their doctors .
We cannot allow this to happen .
We have to fix this problem so that our doctors can get paid for the life - saving services they provide and keep their doors open .
We have to fix this problem to keep the promise of Medicare for our seniors so that they get the health care they deserve .
So I urge Republicans in the Senate to at least allow a majority of Senators and Congressmen to stop this pay cut .
I urge them to stand with America ’s seniors and America ’s doctors .
Thanks .
Parallel computing is the next paradigm shift , everybody knows this , but not everyone is taking the proper action to face it adequately .
One thing to do is to read on the subject and force oneself to code using threads and various degrees of parallelism ; and that ’s pretty easy now that a quad core machine does n’t cost all that much .
But the next step , distributed computing , necessitates , well , more than one machine , and if you have different levels of memories and communication channels , all the better .
So out of a bunch of old x86 PCs , I ’ve decided to build my own portable mini-cluster with 8 nodes .
Nothing all that impressive , but still plenty of fun to build .
Getting the hardware .
I got the computers ( iPaqs ) from my friend Nicolas for next to nothing .
He got them from eBay , nicely delivered to his home on a crate or something .
For the next generation , if there ’s one , I will consider getting a batch of identical computers from a shop like Insertech , they often have deals like Pentium4s for 50 $ each .
In either cases , I do n’t think you ’ll have to resort to dumpster diving to find inexpensive , yet working , computers .
I also got a CRT screen ( I had no LCD to spare ) , a keyboard , and 10 6 ′ Ethernet cables from Insertech and a local shop to complete the hardware .
I had a 16 - ports 100 - mbits Ethernet switch , so I ’ll reuse it as the cluster switch ( these computers do not handle gBit Ethernet anyway ) .
Disassembling the iPaqs .
These machines contain an inordinate amount of junk .
This is what an assembled iPaq looks like :
and that ’s what it looks like once taken apart
You do n’t need much for that step , except a set of torx screwdriver bits — just a set with the “ security ” ones .
You can not not be shocked by the amount of steel and plastic such a computer can hold .
I think more than half of the weight of the computer is junk .
Good thing computers usually last rather long , because that ’d be quite wasteful to just throw all that junk to the curb .
In fact , I made sure all parts were sent to the right recycling facilities .
It takes about 20 minutes to disassemble one of these computers completely , as shown in the above picture .
So , about two and a half hours ’ work and you ’ve disassembled the eight computers .
Testing the hardware .
Before using of a computer in the cluster , I made sure they were fully functional : USB ports , networks , IDE controller , and especially memory .
Memory is especially important to test , because bad memory chips will result not in outright crashes , but in a series of unpredictable symptoms .
If your machine acts like it ’s possessed by a spawn of Cthulhu , despite being virus - free , take an hour to run a memory test .
Fortunately , it ’s most easy using memtest86 + , conveniently bundled as a boot image on Ubuntu ( either from the hard drive or from the live CD , anyway you can even make a boot floppy with it ) .
Testing memory takes about 30 to 45 minutes on those machines , so I had plenty of time to do other stuff in the mean time , like sketching the final assembly .
Turns out , however , that the memory of the machines was mostly OK , except for one 64MB stick with a sticky 1 - bit .
As I got ten machines , I got a spare from one of the two other machines , so everything ’s good .
Assembling the cluster .
I used 36 ″ gauge 10 screw rods , with 24 threads per inch .
These can be found in any home hardware / improvement centers for something like 2 $ each , they ’re really inexpensive .
I also got a box of 100 matching hex - nuts , also quite inexpensive ( 4 $ each or so ) .
The four rods ( I ended up using only three ) plus two 100 hex - nuts boxes cost less than 25 $ , tax included .
Since they did n’t have the right size to fit directly into PC - boards screw holes , I used a titanium drill bit to widen these a tiny bit , to make sure the threaded rods would glide in nicely .
For the first board , I left about 1.5 inch of threaded rod under the board , so I would be able to insert the rod into the side panels that would eventually hold everything together .
The rest is simply a question of patience : you slide a board in on top of the hex - nuts , you screw three more hex - nuts to fasten the board into place , then three more to support the next stacked board , about 4 ″ apart .
You also have to add two extra nuts to hold the power switch board .
So screwing those may take a long time , but I eventually used a drill and a rubber band to act as a transmission strap wrapped around an hex - nut to screw this a bit faster .
Since this is an type job , it gets faster and faster as you reach the top of the stack .
For the last board , that is , computer0 , I left a bit of extra space to mount the USB and audio plugs board , as well as a small hard - drive that will later serve as the dhcp / boot - p image server .
Cutting MDF is easy , but incredibly messy .
I did that a few hours before starting assembling the boards onto the rod and left the dust in my shop clear out a bit .
MDF is versatile , rather strong , and about as hard to work as cardboard , which made piercing holes , handles ( the big round holes ) and sanding corners quite easy .
For all holes , I used a drill press .
It ensures , for one thing , that the holes are indeed perpendicular to the wood ( or MDF ) sheet ’s plane .
The rest is assembling the whole thing : first the bottom with a side ( using screws and steel right - angle joints , not visible on the pictures as under the cabinet ) sliding in the rods with the motherboards , fastening the PSUs , then the other side panel .
And you ’re done .
So I thought .
*
* *
Turns out that even if the rods and motherboards assembly is rather light — a few pounds — the 10 - gauge rods themselves are n’t strong enough to hold all this without bending , something I did n’t foresee .
I added an extra MDF board ( shows only a little on the picture ) to lift the boards and make sure it shows a straight back .
*
* *
I ’m thinking of several names for this first experiments .
Surely , CFM - 00 would be appropriate ( I ’ll let you make out what the letters stand for ) .
Maybe MDF - 00 would work out as well .
*
* *
All in all , it ’s a 15 to 20h job .
About 3h to disassemble the computers , a few minutes to cut the MDF , a few hours to stack and fasten the motherboard together and about 10 to test the individual computers .
It ’s basically a week - end project but for many reasons I completed it over a period of six months , from acquiring the computers from Nicolas to fastening the last hex - bolt .
*
* *
The next step is to figure out what software to use .
Bootp is a must in this case , and I am considering using Mosix2 .
So , that ’s were I ’m at with this project .
Feel free to comment or suggest parallel and distributed processing software and frameworks ( but I ’d like to stay in the Linux / open source family of solutions ) .
Share this : Reddit
Twitter
More
Facebook
Email
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
View Transcript
Transcript
Tina says , " I 'm collecting money for Ted 's birthday . "
Alice says , " Pass .
I ca n't stand that idiot . "
Alice says , " His face looks like a ferret eating a lemon . "
Alice says , " He makes my skin crawl . "
Alice says , " He tells racist jokes , and I think he 's embezzling . "
Tina says , " I 've been dating him for a month . "
Alice says , " I 'd be lying if I said that was n't worth a dollar . "
When the Penn researchers questioned almost 1,000 people in two subject populations , one undergraduate and one Internet - based , [ they found that ] … differences in reproductive strategies are driving individuals ’ different views on recreational drugs .
While many items predict to some extent whether people are opposed to recreational drugs , the most closely related predictors are people ’s views on sexual promiscuity .
While people who are more religious and those who are more politically conservative do tend to oppose recreational drugs , in both study samples the predictive power of these religious and ideological items was reduced nearly to zero by controlling for items tracking attitudes toward sexual promiscuity . …
According to the researchers ’ evolutionary model , people develop complex differences in their sexual and reproductive strategies .
One key difference that creates strategic conflict arises in people ’s orientations towards casual sexual activity .
The relationships of people following a more committed , monogamous reproductive strategy are put at greater risk when casual sex is prevalent .
On the other hand , people pursuing a less committed lifestyle seek to avoid having their choices moralized , forbidden and punished .
The researchers cite prior work showing that recreational drug usage is often associated with promiscuity .
The results of the study imply that attitudes against recreational drugs are part of a larger attempt to advance the cause of committed , monogamous reproductive strategies .
( more ; source ; HT David Pearce )
OK , it is plausible that the main thing folks fear from drugs is that drugs lead to promiscuous sex .
But if so , then why does the US pay a terrible cost to ( poorly ) discourage drug use , and yet allow great promiscuity with only weak punishments .
We even prevent blackmail that would naturally tax illicit promiscuity .
Perhaps we do n’t like to admit that sex is our concern ?
Added 4:30 p : OK , maybe there are three main types : 1 ) abstainers – those who do n’t want promiscuity , 2 ) stoners – those who do want promiscuity , are willing to admit it , and use drugs to help get it , and 3 ) cheaters – those who want promiscuity , but are n’t willing to admit it , do n’t use drugs to get it , and compete with stoners for partners .
Groups 1&3 together support anti-drug laws , while groups 2&3 together keep punishments of promiscuity weak .
I ’m suggesting the survey used in this study measured willingness to admit to liking promiscuity , not willingness to actually be promiscuous .
GD Star Rating
loading ...
The skeletons were found at Kimbrose Triangle .
( Copyright Gloucestershire County Council Archaeology Service )
Two complete skeletons thought to date back to medieval times have been dug up by workmen in Gloucester .
The team was working on a £ 7 m project to improve access between the city centre and the new Quays complex when the remains were unearthed on Tuesday .
The adult skeletons were uncovered , along with the remnants of a coffin , in the city 's Kimbrose Triangle .
They will not be displayed and will instead be given a respectful reburial after they are examined .
Nigel Edgeworth , manager for the Gloucester Linkages project , said : " We were putting in the foundations for a wall when we came across the two skeletons .
" The minute we go below half a metre we have an archaeologist watching us .
It is very exciting from a historical point of view and adds more to the picture of Gloucester 's history . "
The figures were originally thought to be Roman , as pottery fragments dating back to that era were found in the same area .
But experts said the coffin burial suggested they were medieval .
The figures will be examined by an osteoarchaeologist in York in a bid to identify further details , such as their sex .
The Gloucester Linkages team is now working on other areas of the project while the bones are examined .
There has been a lot of activity at the bottom of the Gulf today , not all of it immediately successful , but all working toward the current aim of being able to field the Lower Marine Riser package .
That installation requires that the broken existing riser that connects to the Blowout Preventer ( BOP ) has to be removed .
The bent riser has been exerting some lateral pressure on the BOP , and this might be relieved when it is cut off .
To minimize the damage , the first cut is therefore going to be further down the riser , provided that they get the saw " unstuck . "
The Lower Riser Assembly attached to the top of the BOP , the riser has folded over to the left .
I described the plan of attack in an earlier post , and what has happened , over the course of today has tried to follow that script .
I say tried , because there have been a couple of glitches that developed over the course of the day .
The large shearing machine ( apparently owned by BTI ) appeared on the scene , and in preparation for its use some of the pipes surrounding the main riser ( the choke and kill lines ) were first cut away using a diamond saw .
10:04 am just before the pipe was severed .
At the same time that this was going on , the wire saw that would make the final cut on the riser had been brought down to the site .
The riser assembly has been cleaned of extraneous pipes already , and the wire saw would fit about the flange and below the bend .
The wire saw was then located ready to make the cut .
10:30 am Wire saw on riser
It was now time for the shearing machine ( which I ’m going to call a Shear from now on ) to fit around the riser and to make the first cut through the pipe .
First shear location
Unfortunately the first cut did not appear successful , although there was a cloud of oil and gas released , indicating that the riser was at least breached .
There was a pause , and the Shear moved to a new location closer to the riser .
Again it tried to shear through the nest of pipes , that now included choke and kill lines .
It was not successful , and returned to the surface where it was fixed , and returned to the site .
UPDATE 1 : Having written this post and not seeing much happening I went off for a couple of hours .
On my return ( and before Gail posted it ) , I did not check again and as the notes below show , the Shear worked at 7 pm .
At 10:15 pm the wire saw was cutting through the riser .
I apologize for the errors .
Wire sawing the riser .
END of UPDATE 1 UPDATE 2 below >
In the meanwhile , a little calculation , based on reports that the White House has announced that the removal of the riser and drill pipe that are protruding from the Blowout Preventer ( BOP ) of the Deepwater Horizon well in the Gulf may increase the amount of the petroleum leak by 20 % when the riser section is removed .
There are two immediately obvious reasons why this might be the case .
The first of these is that there is a small amount of oil that was leaking up through the drill pipe that extended beyond the broken riser .
That flow was one of the first things capped in the remedial effort .
It did not have much impact on the overall flow volume , since the flow merely backed up and increased the flow through the main crack in the riser , but there may be a small increment of flow when this channel is re-opened with the cut below the fold in the riser .
The greater change in the flow , however , will likely come because the riser and DP , while not providing much increased resistance , did raise the pressure on the downstream side of the BOP by about 500 psi .
We know that though the pressure down at the formation was at around 12,000 psi , up on the upstream side of the BOP it fluctuates in the 8,000 to 9,000 psi range .
The higher resistance on the downstream side , reduces the pressure drop across the BOP by that 500 psi , and the flow rate will be reduced accordingly ( the gap size through the BOP is assumed not to change ) .
However , if the pressure drop across the nozzle was at 6,000 psi in the current condition , ( which with an orifice size of 0.6 inches , would give a flow rate of 512 gpm ) , then raising the pressure drop by 500 psi would only increase the flow rate to 532 gpm , or a difference of 4 % -- which might suggest that there is something about the drill - pipe flow that was initially capped which we do n’t know yet .
Alternately it may be that they think that removing the bend in the riser might ease the forces on the BOP , relaxing the metal a little and increasing the orifice size .
After all it has only to open up by another 0.05 inches to give the increase in flow that the White House are predicting .
UPDATE 2 : Sometime about midnight it appears that the cutting wire stopped moving and may be jammed in the cut , roughly half - way through .
Possibly jammed wire at 12:30 am
UPDATE 3 I went to bed and have just checked the comments and it does not appear , at 8:00 am that the saw restarted , and finished cutting the riser .
At present the ROV is looking at the end of the riser , and the Shear .
Oil and gas from the cut seems to be coming up around the end making it indistinct .
Does anyone have a better version of what went on overnight ?
UPDATE 4 : On other feeds they are showing that a second cut is now being made by the wire saw , but the camera is further away .
BP is predicting that the cut will be completed today and the LMRP installed .
But it does n't look good that they are still working with the Shear , because they can't use that for a final cut , and it implies that they may be having problems with the second cut also .
Oh , and I mentioned earlier that an ASJ system had cut through casing and pipes at the bottom of the North Sea .
I had the orientation of that cut wrong ( at least for the picture below ) since in this case it was from the outside in , but I am aware of it being successful the other way .
And so here is the picture of casing and cement cut by an ASJ .
Sadly it was so long ago - around 23 years , that I can no longer remember exactly the pressure it was cut at , but I believe it was 5,000 psi .
ASJ cuts of casing from the bottom of the North Sea
The update was the main reason for the rally , said Phil Flynn , a senior analyst at Alaron Trading .
" People were surprised that Dennis shut in 1.4 million barrels of daily oil production [ in the Gulf ] , " he said , emphasizing that that was a bigger loss of oil than many expected .
Hurricane Dennis forced the evacuation of a total of 445 rigs and platforms , according to a Monday report from the U.S. Minerals Management Service , which was released a few minutes before the end of the regular trading session .
The evacuations prompted the shut - in of 96.2 % of daily oil production in the Gulf of Mexico , as well as 62.4 % of daily natural - gas production , according to the MMS .
Five years ago , shortly after Prof .
Goose invited me to help him start The Oil Drum , Hurricane Dennis , a Category 4 hurricane , struck the Gulf of Mexico .
It formed on July 4th , 2005 and dissipated on July 13th .
This was the first hurricane that The Oil Drum covered , and the focus , naturally , was on the impact which it would have on oil production .
This was significant , as the MMS reported .
In that first post , the path of the Hurricane was simplified to :
Which , you may note covered the Eastern part of the Gulf , with the black spot being the location for the Thunder Horse platform .
Thunder Horse after Hurricane Dennis
Hurricane Katrina , a Category 5 , formed on August 23rd ( It appeared on The Oil Drum on the 24th , and daily thereafter ) and dissipated on August 30th .
Much of the damage that has been discussed related to the severe damage that the area around New Orleans , and all the way down the Delta , suffered .
At the same time the MMS reported
These evacuations are equivalent to 78.75 % of 819 manned platforms and 67.16 % of 137 rigs currently operating in the Gulf of Mexico ( GOM ) .
Today ’s shut - in oil production is 1,427,969 BOPD .
This shut - in oil production is equivalent to 95.20 % of the daily oil production in the GOM , which is currently approximately 1.5 million BOPD .
Today ’s shut - in gas production is 8.798 BCFPD .
This shut - in gas production is equivalent to 87.99 % of the daily gas production in the GOM , which is currently approximately 10 BCFPD .
Hurricane Katrina not only knocked out rigs in the Gulf , it also had a severe impact on refineries on shore .
Path of Katrina through the onshore refineries .
The price of gasoline rose rapidly and transiently there were gas shortages .
It was the first time The Oil Drum had problems with traffic swamping the server .
As for the rigs in the Gulf
In terms of exploration , more than half of the 231 offshore rigs ( excluding inland barges ) currently working in the US Gulf of Mexico were in Katrina 's path .
A total of 48 rigs lay within the most adversely affected areas where winds were at hurricane force , blowing in excess of 74 MPH .
Another 69 rigs were located in waters that experienced tropical storm force winds of 36 to 74 MPH .
In total , 117 rigs , valued at a combined total of over $ 7 billion , had to weather the storm .
As of Monday afternoon at 3 pm , the US Coast Guard has reported that at least one , possibly two , deepwater rigs have lost their moorings and are floating freely in the Gulf .
58 rigs were damaged or displaced of which 30 were lost .
By Sept 2nd gas was , in places , at $ 4 a gallon .
Hurricane Rita , a Category 5 , was formed on September 17th and dissipated on September 24th , 2005 .
The rigs in the Gulf had not recovered from Katrina , but Rita swung further west moving through the offshore rigs to come ashore at the Texas border .
The effect of Rita onshore hit more refineries .
The impact of any hurricane in the Gulf on Gulf oil production and thereby on the national oil supply can be visualized with this map showing the locations of the rigs along the coast , from back in 2001 .
It has not changed that much since , except that there are more rigs out in the Deepwater .
Rig density along the Gulf coast in 2001 ( after National Geographic )
Now I mention all this because the gas shortages , and loss of production from the Gulf lasted through most of the fall of 2005 .
In order to help with supply the National Petroleum Reserve was opened and 11 million barrels of oil sold .
It has since been replaced .
This year is already predicted to be a more than usually severe one for hurricanes , with 2 or 3 likely to make landfall in the United States .
Which leaves me more than a little concerned , and while there are many different concerns ( I was on a survey team that went to NOLA after the disaster , and then down the Delta , and have no wish to ever see such devastation again ) , two are becoming more pronounced .
The first is as much political as anything , and it relates to the growing creation of the petroleum industry as villain du jour by the Administration and the main stream press .
This is not meant in any way to excuse BP or whoever is ultimately found to have caused this disaster , ( and I wo n’t mention the different treatment of banking relative to the oil industry ) but there are ongoing consequences both of current actions and attitudes and the potential increasing level of regulations and reviews that are being developed .
They are all likely to negatively impact the resilience of the industry in bouncing back from hurricane damage , and in motivating , and even allowing , parts of that recovery to be as fast as it was last time .
As a result , any significant hurricane in the Gulf this year may accelerate the return to $ 4 gas , and for a longer time than the last .
And in that regard , I do remain worried that the powers that be shut down the Top Kill as fast as they did .
Yes there were some problems , and I noted some potential ones , but at least it might have ended with killing the well .
That wo n’t now be possible until the relief wells get there sometime in August .
And in the meanwhile the well remains vulnerable to storms in the Gulf .
Not that BP have not been making provisions for emergency disconnection of the vessels catching the oil from the leak , and potentially for storing some of the oil .
As Kent Wells explained last week , " The current solution involves a new connection at the BOP , which wo n’t be put in place to the end of June . "
This will include a new collection tool that is currently being fabricated , made from 10 - inch thick steel .
In addition there will be a new floating riser , with a flotation can to hold it some 300 ft below the surface , down below the level of the waves .
Unfortunately if it has to be disconnected , then for the time that the Hurricane keeps rigs away , the well will be spilling oil .
The flow of oil leaking from the bottom of the cap continues to diminish , indicating that more oil is being captured .
For the first 12 hours on June 9th ( midnight to noon ) , approximately 7,920 barrels of oil were collected and 15.7 million cubic feet of natural gas were flared .
On June 8th , a total of approximately 15,000 barrels of oil were collected and 29.4 million cubic feet of natural gas were flared .
Given that the Enterprise can only handle 15,000 bd the change to a shuttle tanker and WTSV , this is one of the reasons why the ports remain open and that the system to draw off additional oil through the choke and kill lines is being accelerated .
By the time I rode around in one , the chipped paint had diminished the airbrushed Firebird on the side , and the shag carpet was matted , but it left an impression .
By the time I rode around in one , the chipped paint had diminished the airbrushed Firebird on the side , and the shag carpet was matted , but it left an impression .
I thought my uncle had fun in this thing , and it meant a lot to him to keep the 20 year old van running even as it fell apart .
I imagined another time when custom vans dominated the streets and the people were stoned all the time .
Young couples got them as gifts when they married and drove their babies around in the sunshine jamming to the Almond Brothers .
I realize it was n’t quite like that , but I can pretend .
Right on the heels of the muscle car era , the custom van became the ultimate vehicle for self expression .
You could trick it out with new sound systems , lighting , beds , bubble windows , toilets , spoilers , mag wheels , custom horns , CB radios , Captains chairs , shag carpeting , and you could finish it off with the airbrushed ocean , warlock , western , wizard scenes to show you were really down .
It was a big deal and I wanted to take a moment to show appreciation .
President Barack Obama gave the U.S. team words of encouragement Thursday at the White House , 14 days before the World Cup in South Africa begins .
Vice President Joe Biden and former President Bill Clinton watched as Obama delivered his speech to the 23 - man team .
The U.S. plays England , Slovenia and Algeria in the first round of the tournament taking place June 11 to July 11 .
-- Melissa Rohlin
As I mentioned yesterday , Kelis dropped into the Maida Vale studios to record a Live Lounge session for Fearne Cotton ( shudder ) .
While she was there she did an acoustic version of her current single Acapella , and a slightly chilled out version of La Roux ’s breakout hit In For The Kill .
It has to be said that Kelis has an absolutely fantastic voice , and her live performance is virtually flawless .
Enjoy .
Kelis – Acapella ( Acoustic Live Lounge Version )
Audio clip : Adobe Flash Player ( version 9 or above ) is required to play this audio clip .
Download the latest version here .
You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser .
Kelis – In For The Kill ( La Roux Cover @ BBC Radio 1 ’s Live Lounge )
Audio clip : Adobe Flash Player ( version 9 or above ) is required to play this audio clip .
Download the latest version here .
You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser .
Purchases of new homes in the U.S. fell in May to a record low as a tax credit expired , showing the market remains dependent on government support .
The entire economy is dependent on government support .
But the government has no money .
It is in fact borrowing nearly as much as it takes in via taxes .
If you made $ 20,000 a year , and borrowed another $ 20,000 , for how long would your credit card company allow that to continue ?
" Quantitative Easing " , " Easy Money " , " Zero down mortgages " and all the rest - it is all a scam designed to impoverish you by stripping you of every asset you have now and as much of your future earnings as they can get you to sign away ...
Housing , education , consumer credit , all of it .
A scam .
Every bit of it .
Top to bottom .
The entire intent of these " programs " has been and is an attempt to get you to spend money you do n't have and can't acquire .
The Government has built it 's entire " empire " over the last 20 years on the premise that it can continue to borrow more and more money , without any hope of ever being able to pay any of it back .
This was 3 - 4 % of GDP , and is now 11 - 12 % of GDP .
It has been the latter now for more than two and a half years .
It was mathematically impossible to continue at the former rate and obviously is impossible to continue at a rate three times the 2003 - 2007 borrowing pace .
We are in a Depression now and have been since 2008 .
A Depression is defined as a 10 % contraction in GDP .
But for the government borrowing 11 % of GDP and spending it , GDP would have contract by at least the same amount borrowed and spent .
... Geithner and Obama have continued to insist that we " spend and borrow more " , along with idiots like Krugman and Summers .
Their entire model is predicated on what amounts to a claim of perpetual motion , which anyone with more than one hour of physics class knows is impossible ...
At some point it is inevitable that we will run out of the ability to continue to compound debt upon debt ...
This is not conjecture , it is mathematics ...
It is not open to debate , it is fact and can not be avoided .
Karl Denninger lays down the law
If you want to save this society for your children and grandchildren , I 'd strongly recommend voting for the most fiscally conservative candidates you can in November .
In other words : not Democrats .
Welcome to this hands - on tutorial about Erlang .
The Washington Nationals opted once again to take one of the most celebrated amateur players ever with the first overall pick in baseball 's draft , grabbing 17 - year - 0ld Las Vegas catcher Bryce Harper to begin Monday night 's selections .
Tuesday night in Washington , Stephen Strasburg will make his major league debut , less than a year after the Nationals drafted him first overall out of San Diego State and signed him to a contract package worth at least $ 15.1 million .
Harper , who the Nationals said will switch to the outfield as a pro , wo n't reach the major leagues as quickly as Strasburg , nor command that much in negotiations with the Nationals , but as an everyday player , he could have a greater long - term impact .
Harper , appearing live on the MLB Network from advisor Scott Boras ' California headquarters , said the pick was a culmination of a dream : " It 's what I 've wanted since I was 7 years old .
Wherever ( the Nationals ) need me to play , I 'm there .
I just want to make it and see what happens when I get there . "
Harper went to great lengths to merely be eligible for selection this year ; rather than play his junior season of high school baseball , he obtained his GED and enrolled at the College of Southern Nevada rather than wait until 2011 .
The move paid off : Harper hit .442 with 29 home runs and 89 RBI in 62 games , though his season ended prematurely when he was ejected from a game at last week 's Junior College World Series .
That was the end of his amateur career .
Now , Boras and the Nationals have until Aug. 16 to reach agreement on a contract with Harper .
When asked if Harper will be allowed to wear his globs of eye black as a professional , Nats GM Mike Rizzo said , " No . "
An up - to - the - minute look at Monday 's 50 draftees , with links to scouting reports provided by MLB.com :
1. Washington Nationals : Bryce Harper , OF , 17 , College of Southern Nevada .
He may have some growing up to do , but Harper and Strasburg give the Nationals two building blocks teams can only dream about .
It should be noted that the Nationals announced Harper as an outfielder ; his days as a catcher are probably over , and he 'll probably reach the majors faster as an outfielder .
2. Pittsburgh Pirates : Jameson Taillon , RHP , 18 , The Woodlands ( Texas ) High .
The next great power pitcher from Texas throws in the upper -90s , but the team must first persuade him -- and agent Scott Boras -- to forgo a commitment to Rice and sign a contract .
Pirates GM Neil Huntington called the choice of Taillon over shortstop Manny Machado " a gut- wrenching decision . "
3. Baltimore Orioles : Manny Machado , SS , 18 , Brito High ( Miami ) .
He 's often compared to Alex Rodriguez since both were power - hitting shortstops from South Florida .
Machado is good , but not that good .
4. Kansas City Royals : Christian Colon , SS , 21 , Cal State Fullerton .
The draft 's first mild surprise .
Colon has the makeup , skill and background to be a solid middle infielder and team leader .
He was a captain for the USA national college team last summer until breaking his leg but returned to lead Cal State Fullerton to the NCAA tournament .
Though the Royals have many holes and Colon could be the first to reach the major leagues from this draft class , he 's also not what many scouts would describe as a franchise player .
5. Cleveland Indians : Drew Pomeranz , LHP , 21 , Mississippi .
The first collegiate pitcher selected , Pomeranz was the SEC player of the year who struck out 139 in 100 2/3 innings behind a 90 - 94 mph fastball .
Very advanced pitching prospect who could reach Cleveland quickly .
6. Arizona Diamondbacks : Barret Loux , RHP , 21 , Texas A&M .
He has four pitches , including a fastball , curve , slider and changeup .
He improved throughout the college season and ascended the draft boards to land in the top half - dozen , a far loftier position than he could have imagined just weeks ago .
Loux is pitching tonight in a college regional elimination game against Miami .
7. New York Mets : Matt Harvey , RHP , 21 , North Carolina .
Harvey nearly signed with the Angels out of high school , but instead went to North Carolina and won 22 career games .
This season , he went 8 - 3 with a 3.09 ERA and struck out 102 in 96 innings , though he 's occasionally haunted by command issues .
Has the stuff to be a top-rotation guy .
8. Houston Astros : Delino DeShields Jr. , OF , 17 , Woodward Park Academy ( College Park , Ga. ) .
He is a similar player as his father , a former major league second baseman by the same name .
DeShields has tremendous speed and little power and covers ground well as a center fielder .
The Astros were linked to DeShields in many mock drafts , but he ascended the board to go here rather than at their No. 19 slot .
9. San Diego Padres : Karsten Whitson , RHP , 18 , Chipley ( Fla . )
High .
The nephew of former major - league pitcher Ed Whitson , the right - hander could emerge as one of the top pitchers in this draft .
He has a mid-90s fastball as well as the build to hold up for 30 - plus starts a year .
10 . Oakland Athletics : Michael Choice , OF , 20 , Texas - Arlington .
This pick could have come during the height of the A's Moneyball heyday .
Choice features both power and patience , hitting .383 with 16 home runs , 76 walks and a .568 on - base percentage in 196 at - bats this season .
Decent , but not great , speed and arm .
11 . Toronto Blue Jays : Deck McGuire , RHP , 20 , Georgia Tech .
He likely wo n't dominate in the majors but is a safe pick and could be a mid-rotation anchor with three pitches and the ability to eat up innings .
12 . Cincinnati Reds : Yasmani Grandal , C , 21 , Miami .
A native of Cuba who moved to the USA when he was 11 , Grandal was the ACC player of the year .
A switch - hitter , he has steadily improved at the plate and built a reputation as a strong signal caller behind it .
He 's also advanced as a catcher and should be quicker to the majors than many backstops .
This could be a great value at No. 12 and could give the Reds an excellent recent run of first - rounders , following on the heels of Mike Leake and Grandal 's fellow Miami Hurricane , Yonder Alonso .
13 . Chicago White Sox : Chris Sale , LHP , 21 , Florida Gulf Coast .
He was selected the top prospect in the Cape Cod League last summer and then went 11 - 0 with a 2.01 ERA and led Division I with 146 strikeouts and only 14 walks .
14 . Milwaukee Brewers : Dylan Covey , RHP , 18 , Maranatha High ( Pasadena , Calif . ) .
One of the livelier arms in the draft .
Covey has four pitches , including a mid-90s fastball .
He has been compared to Giants right - hander Matt Cain .
Covey faced small - school competition in high school but shined at various showcase tournaments .
15 . Texas Rangers ( unsigned pick Matt Purke ) : Jake Skole , OF , 18 , Blessed Trinity High School ( Roswell , Ga. ) .
Skole has huge upside and fills a premium position , and clearly must not have signability issues as the Rangers will not receive compensation for this pick if they are unable to sign Skole .
He certainly has enough leverage ; as a hard - hitting safety he earned a football scholarship to Georgia Tech .
The Rangers hope he becomes their version of Grady Sizemore , who similarly eschewed a football commitment to Washington .
16 . Chicago Cubs : Hayden Simpson , RHP , Southern Arkansas .
The biggest surprise of the first round .
Baseball America 's Jim Callis immediately termed the pick something of a reach , as Simpson , a hard - throwing starter , may have been available several rounds later .
17 . Tampa Bay Rays : Josh Sale , OF , 18 , Bishop Blanchet High ( Wash . ) .
He 's big and strong which will translate into above - average power as a pro .
However , he 's also not exactly nimble and will be a corner outfielder at best .
18 . Los Angeles Angels ( from Mariners - Chone Figgins ) : Kaleb Cowart , 3B , 18 , Cook County ( Ga. ) High .
Cowart was drafted as a third baseman , his preferred position , but appears to have a higher ceiling as a pitcher .
His salary demands could make Cowart a tricky signing , but if the Angels can bring him in they will get a big - time talent .
19 . Houston Astros ( from Tigers - Jose Valverde ) : Mike Fotynewicz , RHP , 18 , Minooka Community ( Ill . )
High .
The Astros ' second pick in the first round is another high schooler .
Fotynewicz throws 96 mph and can still grow into his 6 - 4 , 190 - pound body .
He already has nice movement on his pitches and an advanced changeup .
20 . Boston Red Sox ( from Braves - Billy Wagner ) : Kolbrin Vitek , 2B , 21 , Ball State .
A great pure hitter with decent speed and power , though he 's not particularly gifted defensively .
He hit .361 in his junior season and his home run production increased from five as a freshman to 17 this season .
21 . Minnesota Twins : Alex Wimmers , RHP , 21 , Ohio State .
Wimmers is a classic first - round college pick -- a polished , safe choice , likely not far from reaching the majors , but perhaps a longshot to develop into an ace .
22 . Texas Rangers : Kellin Deglan , C , 18 , Langley Balze ( British Columbia ) .
Deglan is unique in that he is an impact left - handed hitter who has what it takes to reach the majors as a catcher .
However the Rangers will have be patient as he is young and catchers tend to take more time to develop than other position players .
23 . Florida Marlins : Christian Yelich , OF , 18 , Westlake High ( Thousand Oaks , Calif . ) .
Yelich can also play first base and has been compared to players such as James Loney and John Olerud , hitters with smooth swings who use the entire field but do n't have big power .
24 . San Francisco Giants : Gary Brown , OF , 21 , Cal State Fullerton .
Brown has had a big season for the Titans , hitting .438 .
His game is speed and he will work well covering the vast outfield at AT&T Park .
He could be in the majors before you know it too .
25 . St. Louis Cardinals : Zach Cox , 3B , 21 , Arkansas .
The best pure hitter in the draft dropped from where most predicted he would go .
The left - handed swinging Cox came of age in the Cape Cod League last summer .
He has also played second base , which may be his position as a pro .
26 . Colorado Rockies : Kyle Parker , OF , 20 , Clemson .
This may be the most challenging player to sign at the top of the draft .
Parker is also Clemson 's starting quarterback and could have a future in the NFL .
As a baseball player , he is a power hitter with good athleticism .
27 . Philadelphia Phillies : Jesse Biddle , LHP , 18 , Germantown Friends School ( Philadelphia ) .
The local kid gets to stay home , now to get to work .
Biddle , 6 - 6 and 225 pounds , is raw but talented and will have probably take time to actually make it back to Philadelphia .
28 . Los Angeles Dodgers : Zack Lee , RHP , 18 , McKinney ( Texas ) High .
Lee is another pick who will have to be persuaded ( and handsomely paid ) to pass on a football career .
Lee is one of the top high school quarterbacks in Texas and is set to play football and baseball at LSU .
If the Dodgers can sign him it will be big victory for them .
29 . Los Angeles Angels ( from Red Sox - John Lackey ) : Cameron Bedrosian , RHP , 18 , East Coweta High ( Sharpsburg , Ga. ) .
The son of 1987 NL Cy Young Award winner Steve Bedrosian , Cameron is smaller than his dad at 6 - feet but has a 96 - mph fastball and advanced slider .
30 . Los Angeles Angels : Chevez Clarke , OF , 18 , Marietta High .
Clarke is what scouts like to call " toolsy . "
He can do everything well but needs to work on his consistency and polish all of those skills .
31 . Tampa Bay Rays : Justin O'Conner , C , 18 , Cowan ( Ind . )
High : Catcher ?
Shortstop ?
Pitcher ?
O'Conner 's future could potentially be at either of those positions , but his future likely will be driven by a naturally strong build and an excellent bat .
May take time to develop but upside appears large .
32 . New York Yankees : Cito Culver , SS , 18 , Irondequoit High ( Rochester , N.Y. ) .
Could it be Derek Jeter 's replacement ?
Maybe not .
Culver has a long ways to go to reach the Bronx and may not even make it as a shortstop .
Most experts considered the pick to be a reach , as Culver is very raw and few prospects have come out of uptstae New York .
Compensation Round A
33 . Astros : Michael Kvasnicka , 3B , 21 , Minnesota .
34 . Blue Jays : Aaron Sanchez , RHP , 17 , Barstow ( Calif . )
High .
He may be much further away from the major leagues than many of his draft class , as he 's still growing into his 6 - 3 frame and needs to harness command issues .
Of course , his upside -- with a fastball already touching 93 mph -- could make the wait worthwhile .
35 . Braves : Matt Lipka , SS , 18 , McKinney ( Texas ) High .
36 . Red Sox : Bryce Brentz , OF , 21 , Middle Tennessee State .
After leading Division I in average , home runs and slugging percentage a year ago , Brentz was slowed by a broken right ankle this season .
He still managed to hit .348 with 15 home runs and projects to be an elite run producer .
37 . Angels : Taylor Lindsey , SS , 18 , Desert Mountain High ( Scottsdale , Ariz . ) .
38 . Blue Jays : Noah Syndergaard , RHP , 17 , Legacy High ( Kaufman , Texas ) .
39 . Red Sox : Anthony Ranaudo , RHP , 20 , LSU .
A few months ago he was the top college pitcher but dropped because of a stress reaction in his right elbow .
He is supposedly healthy now but has continued to struggle .
There 's also the matter of having to negotiate with Boras .
40 . Angels : Ryan Bolden , OF , 18 , Madison ( Miss . ) Central High .
41 . Blue Jays : Asher Wojciechowski , RHP , 21 , The Citadel .
He has a big arm but needs to polish his slider and changeup .
Wojciechowski could make the majors as a reliever .
42 . Rays : Drew Vettleson , OF , 18 , Central Kitsap High ( Silverdale , Wash . ) .
43 . Mariners : Taijuan Walker , RHP , 17 , Yucaipa ( Calif . )
High .
44 . Tigers : Nick Castellanos , 3B , 18 , Archbishop McCarthy High .
Defense may be his strength , with the ability to play second , third or shortstop .
Then again , Castellanos won a high school home run hitting at Wrigley Field last year .
45 . Rangers : Luke Jackson , RHP , 18 , Calvary Christian Academy ( Fort Lauderdale , Fla . ) .
46 . Cardinals : Seth Blair , RHP , 21 , Arizona State .
47 . Rockies : Peter Tago , RHP , 17 , Dana Hills High , Dana Point , Calif .
48 . Tigers : Chance Ruffin , RHP , 21 , Texas .
The son of former left - hander Bruce Ruffin has been mostly a reliever for the Longhorns and projects as a setup man or closer in the pros .
49 . Rangers : Mike Olt , 3B , 21 , Connecticut .
50 . Cardinals : Tyrell Jenkins , RHP , 17 , Henderson ( Texas ) High .
New Portuguese Law In Action – Lesbian Couple Married
The first same - sex marriage in Portugal took place between a lesbian couple a month after same sex marriage was signed into law .
Teresa Pires and Helena Paixao have been together since 2003 and were married in front of 30 guests at a Lisbon registry office .
The couple said the day was a “ great victory , a dream come true . ”
The same sex marriage bill , passed by parliament in January and ratified by conservative President Anibal Cavaco Silva in May , made Portugal the sixth European country to legalize gay marriage behind Belgium , the Netherlands , Norway , Spain and Sweden .
Marriage is now defined as “ contract between two people wishing to form families through the full communion of life . ”
However , there is a catch , under the new law gay couples are not allowed to adopt children .
( For now ) .
It is a beginning . . . .
SOURCE
MADMIKESAMERICA HOME PAGE
My blog has moved !
You should be automatically redirected to the new homepage in 6 seconds .
If not , please visit
http://blaynehaggart.wordpress.com
and update your bookmarks .
After struggling for so long , I need to vent , and I dare any right wing nutjobs who want to hatemail me to refute the words of Jesus on this one .
Is n't denying the words of Jesus a sin ?
So , Dear Wall St Banksters .
Dear super wealthy human beings who have more wealth than they will ever need in a time of hunger and suffering for so , so many .
Dear wealthy politicians who fight for Corporate power and the very , very rich ONLY ( and we know who you are ) , I send this message to you on behalf of the meek who shall inherit the earth .
25 It is easier for a camel to go through the eye of a needle , than for a rich man to enter into the kingdom of God .
The Gospel of Mark , chapter 10
Dear rich bastards ; Congratulations !
You have successfully rolled back FDR's new deal after the first great depression , and now the second Conservative free market economic disaster is upon us , but gee , does n't those earthly riches feel good ?
The middle class is DEAD .
Killed by too many Too Big To Fail big businesses , and yet the rich want even more , they feel they are " Taxed Enough Already " , they want " Their " country back , and if you do not agree you are Hitler , or on the path to Hitler , or something .
You have caused the suffering of millions because of your avarice and you still want more ?
Therefore , I will try to appeal to your inflated sense of piety and remind you of the words of Jesus of Nazareth when he said rich people are NOT going to heaven UNLESS . . .
Think fast , rich guy !
This pop quiz is pretty important .
There are no robber - barons in this new re-gilded age .
There are just robber - banksters , and they will never have enough .
So to you , you loud mouth , fat cat pharisees of 2010 , if you have any sense of morality at all , I will again direct you to the words of Jesus of Nazareth , because you are out of control , you are causing the suffering of your fellow man , and the sin of greed is strong upon you .
Therefore , I ask you to read the words of the greatest man to ever walk the earth .
It is easier for a camel to go through the eye of a needle , than for a rich man to enter into the kingdom of God .
I ask you this , what part of " It is easier for a camel to go through the eye of a needle , than for a rich man to enter into the kingdom of God . " do you not understand ?
I am not saying that the rich bastards whose greed is a cause of mankind 's suffering are going to hell , Jesus did .
I just blogged about it .
Note :
And for those who are curious , I am not Christian , but I find it to be the height of arrogance that those who profess to be " holier than thou " happened to overlook this one , little catch about the whole getting into the kingdom of heaven thing .
If it is any consolation , should my soul find it's way to the same level of afterlife that those " Camels through the eye of a needle " end up in , I will find it my everlasting joy to remind them that all of their ill gotten wealth did not avail them a bit , and that the fires of damnation do not have a VIP section , but if it did , they would be first in line .
Dear rich bastards , if Kenny ends up in hell , what chance do you think you have ?
Peace and love to all , even the rich bastards on their way to the inferno .
Vote for me to get a DFA Netroots Nation scholarship !
You can follow me on Twitter at @JesseLaGreca
Crossposted at The Progressive Electorate.com
Yet ... there are things we miss about the world before the World Wide Web .
Guilty pleasures that a less connected world used to let us get away with .
We 're guessing not a single person reading this would be willing to take a time machine and go back and live in the pre-Internet era .
Some of us start showing signs of physical withdrawal within 10 minutes of losing our iPhone .
5 Petty Crimes
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
The odds are none of you have ever , say , robbed a liquor store or assassinated a public figure .
But we 've all broken the law , if only to sneak a beer before the statute said we were old enough , or to paint a dong on an abandoned bridge .
Minor stuff .
All part of growing up , right ?
And it 's not like you 're going to get caught ...
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Ah , but now you 're living in the future , where the cops can use the miracle of social networking to nail you for crimes you did n't think anyone really gave a shit about .
Let 's say you 've gone off to college and , though you 're still two years under age , you attend a party and have 27 beers .
Your socializing has paid off -- the next day you get a friend request from a cute girl on Facebook .
You accept it and a few days later , you get summoned to court and fined for underage drinking .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
It turns out the cute girl was actually a cop .
In Wisconsin the police are using the fake profiles to get access to kids ' photo albums .
Once in , they find pictures of them or their friends holding beers .
Charges filed .
Case closed .
This is the kind of law that annoys me :
A Senate bill to toughen penalties for crimes committed with the aid of Internet - generated “ virtual maps , ” including acts of terrorism , won quick approval Monday in the House .
[…]
Adley ’s bill defines a “ virtual street - level map ” as one that is available on the Internet and can generate the location or picture of a home or building by entering the address of the structure or an individual ’s name on a website .
Rep. Henry Burns , R- Haughton , who handled Adley ’s bill on the House floor , said that if the map is used in an act of terrorism , the legislation requires a judge to impose an additional minimum sentence of at least 10 years onto the terrorist act .
If the map is used in the commission of a crime like burglary , Burns said , the bill calls for the addition of at least one year in jail to be added to the burglary sentence .
Illustration of an asteroid impact .
Credit : NASA .
( PhysOrg.com ) --
If scientists detect an asteroid headed directly for Earth - one that was large enough to pose a serious threat to life on our planet - would it be wise to bring out nuclear weapons to prevent an impact ?
Over the past several years , scientists have expressed conflicting opinions on the use of nuclear weapons as a defense against asteroids .
Part of the problem is that it ’s very difficult to know what asteroids are made of , and how they will respond to different types of nuclear explosives .
But at the semiannual meeting of the American Astronomical Society held last month , physicist David Dearborn of the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory argued that nuclear weapons could be the best strategy for avoiding an asteroid impact - especially for large asteroids and little warning time .
According to Dearborn , the sheer power of a nuclear explosion may make it the most practical and cost - effective option for deflecting or fragmenting asteroids , compared with alternatives such as chemical fuel or laser beams .
For one thing , a nuclear explosive would be cheaper to launch into space due to its large amount of energy per unit mass .
In contrast , a non-nuclear blast might require several launches for an equivalent amount of power .
Also , the nuclear option could be implemented in a short amount of time ; a detonation just 15 days before impact could fragment or divert the course of a 270 - meter asteroid ( the size of Apophis , which has a 1 in 250,000 chance of striking Earth in 2036 ) to avoid a collision .
On the other hand , a laser such as one at the National Ignition Facility at Lawrence Livermore would take 6,000 years to sufficiently divert the course of the same size asteroid .
As far as the radiation released from a nuclear explosion in space , Dearborn said that you would n’t even be able to measure the difference on Earth .
The explosion would occur millions of miles out in space , where there is already an intense radiation environment .
Dearborn has developed models and run simulations to determine the effects of a nuclear detonation occurring both near and on the surface of an asteroid .
His simulations show that the best strategy depends on both the size of the asteroid as well as how much time we have before impact .
If a collision with a smaller asteroid is a few decades away , detonating a nuclear explosive near the asteroid could nudge it off course while still keeping it intact .
But if a collision with a large asteroid is just weeks away , a direct detonation on the asteroid would be required , although some smaller fragments could still strike Earth .
While the size of the asteroid and its distance from Earth can be estimated quite well , the biggest unknown variable in any defense strategy is the asteroid composition .
Asteroids are a diverse class of objects , and some materials fragment more easily than others .
Dearborn advised that , if we had 30 years to avoid a collision , the best thing to do would be to launch a characterization mission to the asteroid .
Even if Dearborn and other scientists would like to test a nuclear explosive in space , test ban treaties as well as political and public opposition make a test unlikely .
Fortunately , scientists are n’t expecting an asteroid impact any time soon .
NASA has identified and categorized about 90 % of near - Earth objects that are large enough ( more than 10 km [ 6.2 miles ] in size ) to cause mass extinction on Earth , and none of these pose a significant risk of collision in the near future - even Apophis is considered to have very low risk .
Smaller objects , on the other hand , are more difficult to track down .
The smallest known asteroid , 1991 BA , measures 6 meters ( 20 feet ) across .
" In a few more years , we 'll be able to say that there 's nothing out there to cause a global catastrophe , ” said David Morrison , director of the NASA Lunar Science Institute and senior scientist for Astrobiology at NASA 's Ames Research Center .
“ But , there 'll be a million that will be big enough to wipe out an entire city .
It 'll take a long time , if ever , to find them and figure out their orbits .
The bottom line is , we could be hit by one of those small ones at any time , with no warning at all .
Right now , I can say almost nothing about the probability of one of those small objects hitting us , because we simply have n't found all of them . "
Explore further Spacecraft Could Save Earth from Asteroids
© 2010 PhysOrg.com
The wait is over , Team Fortress 2 has been released for Mac OS X . Often called TF2 , Team Fortress 2 is a fun multiplayer first person shooter that has cartoony graphics and fast paced gameplay .
TF2 System Requirements
The system requirements to run Team Fortress 2 are similar to other Steam games ;
Intel processors only , newer versions of Mac OS X , and a decent video card .
Obviously the better your Mac the better the game will run .
Read on for some tips you can use to improve the performance of TF2 in Mac OS X ( the tips work for Windows versions too btw ) .
TF2 Performance Tips & Tweaks for Mac
If Team Fortress 2 performance is a little slow on your Mac ( either lagging graphics or low FPS rating ) , give these tips a try :
Turn off Anti-Aliasing ( AA ) support – this typically gives the biggest frame rate boost
Disable HDR ( high dynamic range ) in graphics options
Change graphics settings to Low or Off
Lower the game resolution to a setting below your displays capability
Update to the most recent version / patches
Restart Team Fortress 2
Performance reviews of Team Fortress 2 on a Mac have been mixed so far , while some gamers say the app runs great , other users are reporting choppiness , general bugs , lagged network play , and lower frame rates than they ’d expect .
Much of these problems are likely the result of growing pains , as this is the first version of TF2 to show up on the Mac platform .
It ’s safe to assume that most of these complaints will be ironed out in update patches released over the coming weeks as Valve refines the Mac user experience , so hang in there if you ’re experiencing anything unusual !
Release announcement
Valve was a day late on the release ( not that they ever set a definitive date for TF2 for Mac ) , the protocol had been that every Wednesday a new Steam game is available for Mac gamers to download .
I do n’t hear anyone complaining though , everyone is just excited to get their hands on the fun filled FPS .
The announcement came on June 9 in a peculiar manner from Valve ’s TF2 blog :
Big things are happening RIGHT NOW at Valve .
Things involving cultivated tree - fruit .
BIG things .
Things that rhyme with “ grapple . ”
Things that rhyme with “ Speem Gortress zmavailable on the Babac . ”
Not today .
But tomorrow .
BIG THINGS .
Stay tuned …
Obviously cultivated tree fruit rhyming with ‘ grapple ’ is Apple , and this is indeed pretty big news for Mac gamers .
TF2 has been a big hit in the Windows world , and now Mac users will get to join in the multiplayer fun .
So when you launch Steam you ’ll be able to download the Mac TF2 client , awesome huh ?
Here ’s a screenshot of Team Fortress 2 in the Mac section of Steam :
For a limited time the price is $ 9.99 , or you can get it as part of the larger Orange Box for $ 29.99 .
The game was actually free to play until June 14th , and you ’ll get a free set of in - game earbuds as well ( not sure how that works exactly ) .
Please use bitbucket ’s issue tracker to report bugs .
Contact the authors at @jmoiron and @finder83 .
Johnny Cache is a caching framework for django applications .
It works with the django caching abstraction , but was developed specifically with the use of memcached in mind .
Its main feature is a patch on Django ’s ORM that automatically caches all reads in a consistent manner .
A typical settings.py file configured for johnny - cache :
# add johnny to installed apps INSTALLED_APPS = ( # ... ' johnny ' , ) # add johnny 's middleware MIDDLEWARE_CLASSES = ( ' johnny.middleware.LocalStoreClearMiddleware ' , ' johnny.middleware.QueryCacheMiddleware ' , # ... ) # some johnny settings CACHE_BACKEND = ' johnny.backends.memcached://...'
JOHNNY_MIDDLEWARE_KEY_PREFIX = ' jc_myproj '
Django does n’t actually require libraries to be ‘ installed ’ , and since Johnny does n’t define any views , urls , or models , the first step is n’t a requirement , but we like to make it clear what we ’re using and where on the PYTHONPATH it might be .
The MIDDLEWARE_CLASSES setting enables two middlewares : the outer one clears a thread - local dict - like cache located at johnny.cache.local at the end of every request , and should really be the outer most middleware in your stack .
The second one enables the main feature of Johnny : the queryset cache .
The custom backend setting enables a thin wrapper around Django ’s memcached ( or locmem ) cache class that allows cache times of “ 0 ” , which memcached interprets as “ forever ” and locmem is patched to see as forever .
Finally , the project ’s name is worked into the Johnny key prefix so that if other projects are run using the same cache pool , Johnny wo n’t confuse the cache for one project with the cache for another .
With these settings , all of your ORM queries are now cached .
You should read the queryset cache documentation closely to see if you are doing anything that might require manual invalidation .
World Religions – What ’s That Smell ?
There is no question that humans are unique among living things in possessing a rich communications vehicle like language .
However , by itself , this is insufficient to explain why such a thing should exist , so it might be useful to examine what is it that makes humans unique among animals ?
Often we hear arguments about consciousness , or intelligence , or some other element , but to my mind these are too vague to be of much use , since we often see similar capabilities among animals that do not possess a language .
But one word can unite a people , can define beliefs .
Creeping like moonlight inside the dark recesses of the English language there is one word which unites Catholics and Protestants , Jews and Muslims , believers and non-believers , a word so powerful there is no cult or sect it does not hold in its putrid embrace .
True power is embodied in one four - letter word .
The word is shit .
BELIEF SYSTEMS
I am honored to join The Liberty Papers .
Brad Warbiany and Doug Mataconis have been very welcoming , and my new realm into libertarian thought should be fulfilling and rich .
I ’ve been at United Liberty for two years , starting with the 2008 election and running all the way up to coverage of Arizona ’s discriminatory immigration law .
My work goes back even further , back to the San Francisco Examiner and the neighborhood newspapers North Seattle Herald Outlook and Madison Park Times in Seattle , Washington .
In the times we live in , there seems to be a political shift going on .
The United States is becoming more ethnically diverse , the economy continues to stagnate , and government is making short term maneuvers without foreseeing long - term effects .
On the other side of the coin , the Right , who talk a lot of jive about freedom , are parading their own twisted form of nationalism .
In these times , it ’s important to try to solidify and distinguish the libertarian movement as a separate alternative to the forms of authoritarianism so far proposed to us .
I hope my work at The Liberty Papers will help to do that .
I am also currently working on a book on the future of race in politics .
It should be finished within the year and published subsequently .
Focus on the critical sentence : " Yet , when a victim explodes or acts out in unacceptable ways , these same officials are shocked and indignant . "
What exactly are these " unacceptable ways " of exploding or acting out ?
Who decided they were " unacceptable " ?
Why is it that " reluctant school officials " will not " take definitive action " against the bullies -- thus tacitly conceding that the bullying itself is not all that " unacceptable " -- while the same officials are " shocked and indignant " when the victim protests too strongly ?
This pattern , and certain of its origins , will be found throughout history , in every culture around the world .
The pattern is a simple and deadly one : the oppressor -- that is , those who are in the superior position , whether they are parents , school officials , or the government , or in a superior position merely by virtue of physical strength -- may inflict bodily harm and / or grievous , lifelong emotional and psychological injury , but the victim may only protest within the limits set by the oppressor himself .
The oppressor will determine those forms of protest by the victim that are " acceptable . "
You see this pattern with regard to many helpless , lonely children in addition to Billy Wolfe ...
...
Think about this very carefully for a moment .
The oppressor may inflict unimaginable cruelties on innocent victims -- but the victims may only protest in ways which the oppressor deems " acceptable . "
The profound injustice is obvious , but not in itself remarkable or unexpected : this is how oppression operates .
But ask yourself about the deeper reason for the prohibition .
This is of the greatest importance : the victims may only protest within a constricted range of " permissible " behavior because , when they exceed the prescribed limits , they make the oppressors too uncomfortable .
They force the oppressors to confront the nature of what they , the oppressors , have done in ways that the oppressors do not choose to face .
The fifth grader in the story would have been fully justified in screaming at his teachers for minutes , even hours .
He would have been fully justified in demanding to know why his teachers humiliated him so mercilessly in front of his classmates , and why they exposed him to cruel scrutiny and mockery in this way .
He had every right to ask why his teachers -- his teachers , who are supposed to protect him from gratuitous cruelty and who are supposed to be devoted to his well - being -- would so deeply betray their role .
But what do you suppose would have happened to him if he had reacted in this way ?
As in the case of Billy Wolfe , his teachers would have been " shocked and indignant . "
The boy with Stahl 's ear would almost certainly have been punished again -- for identifying the nature of the cruelty perpetrated against him and protesting against it .
Residents of Louisiana , Mississippi , Alabama , and Florida are livid with BP in the wake of the massive , never - ending oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico -- and Barack Obama says they ought to be .
But there ’s one aspect of the BP story that most of those angry residents of the Gulf states are n’t aware of .
And the president has n’t had a thing to say about it .
Even as the tar balls hit Gulf beaches , their tax dollars are subsidizing BP and so far , President Obama has not shown the slightest indication that he plans to stop their flow into BP coffers , despite the recent call of Public Citizen , a watchdog group , to end the nation ’s business dealings with company .
In fact , the Department of Defense , which has a longstanding , multi-billion dollar business relationship with BP , tells TomDispatch that it has no plans to sever current business ties or curtail future contracts with the oil giant .
...
The Pentagon ’s foreign wars have left it particularly heavily dependent on oil services , energy , and petroleum companies .
An analysis published at Foreign Policy in Focus found that , in 2005 , 145 such companies had contracts with the Pentagon .
That year , the Department of Defense paid out more than $ 1.5 billion to BP alone and a total of $ 8 billion taxpayer dollars , in total , to energy - related firms on what is a far - from - complete list of companies .
In 2009 , according to the Defense Energy Support Center , the military awarded $ 22.5 billion in energy contracts .
More than $ 16 billion of that went to purchasing bulk fuel .
Some 10 top petroleum suppliers got the lion ’s share , more than $ 11.5 billion , among them big names like Shell , Exxon Mobil and Valero .
The largest contractor , however , was BP , which received more than $ 2.2 billion -- almost 12 % of all petroleum - contract dollars awarded by the Pentagon for the year .
While one exceptionally powerful department of the federal government has been feeding money into BP ( and other oil giants ) with abandon , BP has consistently run afoul of U.S. government regulators from the Occupational Safety and Health Administration ( OSHA ) .
According to the Center for Public Integrity , “ BP account[ed ] for 97 percent of all flagrant violations found in the [ oil ] refining industry by government safety inspectors over the past three years . ”
Records obtained by the Center demonstrate that between June 2007 and February 2010 , BP received a total of 862 citations ...
...
Over those same years , BP received around $ 5.7 billion in federal contracts , according to official government data .
In fact , the $ 2.2 billion the Pentagon paid to the oil giant in 2009 accounted for almost 16 % of the company ’s nearly $ 14 billion in annual profits .
This fiscal year , the U.S. military has already awarded the company more than $ 837 million , inking its latest deal with BP in March .
" I am not aware at this moment of any plans to curtail or cancel any DoD contracts that may exist at this time , ” Department of Defense spokesperson Cheryl Irwin told TomDispatch .
Irwin also stated that she knew of no plans to restrict the awarding of future contracts to BP .
The president has remained silent on the issue .
As more and more people are now acknowledging -- and I think they are entirely correct and , if anything , still underestimating what will be the ultimate costs of this calamity -- the damage caused by the catastrophe in the Gulf of Mexico will most likely be felt for several decades at least .
The economic costs forbid accurate projection at this point ; that might not be an altogether regrettable result , for a fuller version of the truth might well be so horrifying that it would induce paralysis of both thought and action .
The human costs -- the livelihoods destroyed , the families subjected to unendurable stress and most probably similarly destroyed in very large numbers , the hopes and dreams put on indefinite hold , only to be surrendered in their totality in time -- prohibit contemplation .
One aspect of the profoundly evil system that has been destroying us for over a hundred years -- and make no mistake , it is deeply evil in design , intent and effect , if by evil we designate those actions which destroy the very possibility of -- is especially awful .
The authoritarian - corporatist - militarist system victimizes untold millions of individual human beings , as well as many other forms of life as we see again today , both here and abroad .
That would be a momentous evil in itself , but this particular evil is unsatisfied with only this first form of destruction .
Thus , the victims are targeted a second time , and they are forced to become collaborators in their own destruction .
It is crucial to understand that these two forms of destruction are not separate manifestations of separate evils .
They are the consequences of theevil , and the two forms of lingering torture and death ( psychologically at a minimum , and frequently existentially as well ) are part of one overall design .
I 've discussed certain cultural - psychological manifestations of this dynamic in a number of essays .
For an introduction to this analytic approach , I would recommend one article in particular : " Let the Victims Speak . "
As I stated at the outset of that essay , the nature and operation of this dynamic are very complex ; it took me a few decades to appreciate its character .
If the subject interests you , I therefore suggest a reading of the earlier article in its entirety .
These passages will provide a sense of the dynamic that concerns me , one that is so commonplace that most people do n't even notice it :
Take some time to appreciate the unfathomable cruelty of this pattern .
You may be grievously harmed and even permanently damaged by the actions of those who hold unanswerable power -- but you may only speak about this evil and its effects within the very narrow limits set by those who would destroy you .
If you are killed , the identical prohibitions apply to those who still manage to survive and who would protest the unforgivable crime committed against you .
In this manner , the complacency and comfort of those who possess immense power and wealth are underwritten by the silence forced upon their victims .
The victims may speak and even protest , but only within severely circumscribed limits , and only so long as their rulers are not made to feel tooor tooAnything which approaches too close to the truth is strictly forbidden .
This is the system of government carefully erected and fortified in the United States over the last century .
In the last several decades , it has been made impregnable and unassailable .
If you tell the full truth or even approach it , you are consigned to the void beyond the most distant borders of permissible debate .
I consider this only a start at the task of understanding this pattern and its operations ; time and health permitting , I will address these complicated matters in more detail in the future .
But I now want you to consider another aspect of this collaboration in their own destruction forced upon the victims .
The pattern is the same :
If you participate in our authoritarian - corporatist - militarist system in any significant way , there is no way of escaping this dilemma .
I repeat the point for emphasis : this is the way the system was designed .
The events of the last decade in particular and the events of today -- the acceptance of torture as a " normal " method of state - and warcraft , endless criminal wars of aggression , genocide , the funneling of vast amounts of wealth from defenseless " ordinary " citizens to the already engorged ruling class , the destruction of the Gulf and a huge additional number of lives -- are not aberrations , the result of the system having gone awry .
Most people recoil from evil of this magnitude ; they refuse to identify and accept the system for what it is .
They still seek to " reform " or " save " it .
In other words : they themselves seek rationalizations and justification for their continuing collaboration .
The ruling class is many things : avaricious , consumed by lust for power and control , heedless and uncaring of the immense destruction they cause , provided the destruction never toucheslives .
But the ruling class is emphaticallystupid .
To state what would be painfully obvious , if only so many people were not so wedded to denial : constitute the ruling class , and you do not .
And they counted on your reluctance or outright refusal to identify their evil .
They knew they could depend on your continued collaboration in your own drawn - out torture and death .
And they were entirely , completely This is hardly the first time history has proven this particular truth .
Youavoid the demand that you support your own destruction , but it is not an approach many people will choose : you can withdraw your support , in every way possible to you .
Neither I nor anyone else can tell you how to effect that choice , should you wish to do so .
The particulars of each person 's life are unique , and the choice of non-cooperation presents itself in many forms .
If you view the system as profoundly , irrevocably evil , and if you do not choose to support it any longer , only your own conscience can provide the necessary guidance .
Only you can decide how much of your soul you are willing to surrender .
It may be somewhat easier to grasp and understand the nature of the further aspect of the enforced collaboration to which I refer .
You will find the example set forth in appalling detail by Nick Turse : " Kick Ass or Buy Gas ? "
The relevance of the discussion above is made clear by the article 's subtitle :
Here are several key passages : Turse later notes that , " [ i ] n a June 5th email message to supporters , paid for by Organizing for America , a project of the Democratic National Committee , " Obama states the government has " ordered BP to pay economic injury claims , and this week , for some of the costs of the response so far . ”
The amount of $ 69 million is a small fraction of the $ 837 million awarded by the U.S. military to BP just this fiscal year -- and that is not to even mention the huge amounts paid to BP in the past , or that will be paid to it in the future : I 'm forced to admit that , if one were to consider this system from the perspective of its greatest beneficiaries , it is a goddamned beautiful thing .
It is The government takes gobs of money from taxpayers , it shovels huge amounts of that money to already enormously powerful companies , those companies then provide services essential to the government 's unending campaigns of widespread destruction and death -- and in the necessary course of providing those services , the companies themselves commit numerous " egregious " and " willful " violations of health and safety requirements ( all documented by Turse ) , and the companies Then , in a display of our rulers ' magnificently bountiful kindness and thoughtfulness , some of those injuries -- justof them , for how can many of the victims ever be made close to whole again in any meaningful way ?
-- will be compensated , As I say : elegant .
And this is merelyexample , if an especially heinous one , fromindustry .
How many times in how many industries is this identical pattern repeated every single bloody and blood - filled day ?
Countless times , in countless industries .
It does it with astonishing efficiency .
Short of civil disobedience on a huge , unrelenting scale , that is , short of widespread , unceasing non-cooperation , the system will continue for the foreseeable future , probably in roughly its current form for the rest of your life .
There is no sign that non-cooperation on the required scale will occur or is even being contemplated , except by a few outliers like me .
And , possibly , like a few of you .
So what are you going to do ?
Scream at the injustice ?
Yell about the monstrous evil being committed every hour of every day ?
Write anotherI do not exempt myself from the all - encompassing irony which now consumes us , amidst the rising torrent of blood .
But : Withdraw your support , if you choose to .
Disobey .
Break the goddamned rules .
If a sufficient number of people chose that course , change might begin .
Consider it .
I suppose not all that much is at stake -- only your soul , and your happiness .
Virgin space tourists could be launched from Scotland by 2015
An RAF base in Scotland could be launching tourists into space by 2015 , it has been revealed today .
Sir Richard Branson ’s UK Space Agency has identified Lossiemouth as the ‘ ideal ’ location from where a spaceflight would take off .
Will Whitehorn , the Virgin Galactic president , said the company is pressing for changes to legislation in Britain which does not permit commercial flights .
Lift off : Artist 's impression of Sir Richard Branson 's Virgin Galactic space flight
‘ It ’s one of the first things that the UK Space Agency is looking at .
Lossiemouth would be ideal — a long runway and clear airspace is what we ’d want , ’ Mr Whitehorn told The Times today .
Virgin Galactic is confident that space tourism will go ahead by 2012 in the U.S. – having already taken more than $ 65 million ( £ 45 million ) in bookings from 335 wannabe astronauts .
About 50 per cent of those already signed up are American , with the next biggest interest coming from Britain .
The physicist Stephen Hawking , the environmentalist James Lovelock and most recently the comedian Russell Brand have reserved their places .
Space tourist : Russell Brand , pictured with fiancee Katy Perry , has signed up for a Virgin Galactic flight .
Right , Will Whitehorn
Mr Whitehorn said UK Space Agency is pushing the government to amend the 1986 Outer Space Act , which did not account for space tourists .
‘ Not surprisingly , people did n’t envisage human space flight from the UK in 1986 , let alone that it would be a centre for space tourism , ’ he told the Cheltenham Science Festival .
Each aspiring space tourist will have to pay about $ 200,000 ( £ 134,000 ) for a few minutes of suborbital spaceflight .
However , there are no fitness requirements for passengers , with older people singled out as being able to cope better with high g- forces , according to Mr Whitehorn .
‘ Our oldest customer , James Lovelock , is 92 .
We put him in a centrifuge and he was absolutely fine , ’ he said .
Older people ’s arteries tend to be narrower and less responsive , meaning they would be less likely to experience sudden rushes of blood to the head , which can cause people to pass out .
Virgin SpaceShipTwo , which made its inaugural test flight over the California desert in March , will be carried by WhiteKnight Two to an altitude of 50,000ft and then released by the mothership .
Commercial operations are set to begin in 2012 .
A crew of two will fly the spaceship which will carry six passengers through the edge of the atmosphere for a brief zero - gravity experience and views of the Earth far below before gliding to a landing .
FAMED astrophysicist Stephen Hawking believes humans are capable of time travel .
Claiming he is not as concerned about being labelled crazy as he once was , Hawking has publicly aired his second startling theory in two weeks , after last week claiming it was " entirely reasonable " to assume aliens existed .
Preparing for the debut of his Discovery documentary , Stephen Hawking 's Universe , which screens next week , Hawking said he believed humans could travel millions of years into the future and repopulate their devastated planet .
Hawking said once spaceships were built that could fly faster than the speed of light , a day on board would be equivalent to a year on Earth .
That 's because - according to Einstein - as objects accelerate through space , time slows down around them .
Which also means that Hawking 's theory only applies to moving forwards through time .
Moving backwards is impossible , Hawking says , because it " violates a fundamental rule that cause comes before effect " .
If moving backwards through time was possible , a person could shoot their former selves .
“ I believe things cannot make themselves impossible , ” Hawking said .
However , once spaceships approached the speed of light , their crew would start skipping through Earth years on a daily basis , giving the human race a chance to start again .
“ It would take six years at full power just to reach these speeds , " Hawking said .
" After the first two years , it would reach half light speed and be far outside the solar system .
" After another two years , it would be traveling at 90 per cent of the speed of light .
“ After another two years of full thrust , the ship would reach full speed , 98 per cent of the speed of light , and each day on the ship would be a year on Earth .
" At such speeds , a trip to the edge of the galaxy would take just 80 years for those on board . ”
Manchester University professor Brian Cox told The Times that Hawking 's theory had already found some basis in experiments carried out by the Large Hadron Collider in Geneva .
" When we accelerate tiny particles to 99.99 per cent of the sped of light in the Large Hadron Collider at Cern in Geneva , the time they experience passes at one - seventhousandth of the rate it does for us , " Prof Cox said .
Hawking admits he is obsessed with time travel - he told the Daily Mail if he could go backwards he'd visit Marilyn Monroe in her prime or drop in on Galileo - but said as he got older , he cared less about what people thought of his theories .
“ Time travel was once considered scientific heresy , and I used to avoid talking about it for fear of being labelled a crank , " he said in Stephen Hawking 's Universe .
" These days I ’m not so cautious . ”
Alas , though , relations today between the Obama administration and “ business ” are pretty strained .
I ’m not talking about Wall Street , which deserves Obama ’s lash .
I ’m talking about people who actually make stuff and sell it .
I am talking about entrepreneurs and innovators .
A surprising number of them told me they had voted for Obama , and an equally surprising number of them now tell me they ’re unhappy .
A lot of their criticism is unfair .
Obama has never gotten the credit he deserves for stabilizing the terrifying economy he inherited  with virtually no help from Republicans .
And business is never going to like anyone who raises income taxes , especially to pay for other people ’s health care  even if it is in the national interest .
Image Thomas L. Friedman Credit ... Fred R. Conrad / The New York Times
That said , I think part of the business community ’s complaint about Obama has merit .
Although there are many “ innovation ” initiatives ongoing in this administration , they are not well coordinated or a top priority or championed by knowledgeable leadership .
This administration is heavily staffed by academics , lawyers and political types .
There is no senior person who has run a large company or built and sold globally a new innovative product .
And that partly explains why this administration has been mostly interested in pushing taxes , social spending and regulation  not pushing trade expansion , competitiveness and new company formation .
Innovation and competitiveness do n’t seem to float Obama ’s boat .
He could use a buoyant growth strategy .
What might that include ?
I asked two of the best people on this subject , Robert Litan , vice president of research and policy at the Kauffman Foundation , which specializes in innovation , and Curtis Carlson , the chief executive of SRI International , the Silicon Valley - based innovation specialists .
Carlson said he would begin by creating a cabinet position exclusively for promoting innovation and competitiveness to ensure that America remains “ the world ’s new company formation leader . ”
“ Secretary Newco ” would be focused on pushing through initiatives  including lower corporate taxes for start - ups , reducing costly regulations ( like Sarbanes - Oxley reporting for new companies ) , and expanding tax breaks for research and development to make it cheaper and faster to start new firms .
We need to unleash millions of entrepreneurs .
Litan said he ’d staple a green card to the diploma of every foreign student who graduates from a U.S. university and push for a new meaningful entrepreneurs visa ( the current one , the EB - 5 , requires $ 1 million of capital that few foreign entrepreneurs have ) .
It would grant temporary residence to any foreigner who comes here to establish a company and permanent residency if that company generates a certain level of new full - time jobs and revenues .
One of the best moves we could make , adds Litan , would be a long - term budget deal that would address the looming Social Security / Medicare payouts for baby boomers .
Proving to the bond market that we have our long - term fiscal house in order would keep long - term interest rates low and thereby “ encourage private investment more than any tax cut . ”
If Radiohead frontman Thom Yorke is really dating Kate Hudson , it would be one of the weirdest stories of all time .
For that reason we endorse it 100 percent .
The actress was spotted at Coachella with the British rocker Thom Yorke last week , " getting comfy with Thom Yorke at Palm Springs ' Ace Hotel . "
We 'll buy it !
Thom Yorke may be not be physically noteworthy , but he is an intellectually impressive individual whose songwriting has long been a favorite of music critics .
The man detests the spotlight and popular culture , and could be described as a reserved , rather morose human being , at least based on Radiohead 's catalog .
Basically , he is the polar opposite in every way of Alex Rodriguez , and seemingly of Hudson herself , which is why we could not be more excited if this is true .
As long as he confirms if the Kate Hudson boob job rumors are true .
Somehow we do n't see it .
Unfortunately .
After extensive questioning , both boys said they had sex with the girl .
But in those same interviews , they also indicate that they felt pressured to make up a story and implicate others , according to Main and the official .
According to the official , the 13 - year - old boy cried for nearly half the interview and repeatedly asked for his mother .
The official spoke only on condition of anonymity because the official fears retaliation from police .
Main and another official with direct knowledge of the interrogation said police pitted the boys , who are good friends , against each other during interviews and told them that the other saw him engaged in sex acts with the child .
" It 's clear which police want them to sign and which one they do n't want them to sign , " Main said .
" At no time did they mention my client 's name .
When officers brought up my client 's name , they got an ' uh - huh ' out of one of the kids . "
The younger boys were shown pictures and asked to sign the ones of people they recognized from the party , Main said .
Police have not released the names of the juveniles .
The AP generally does not identify people alleging sex crimes and is not naming the 15 - year - old or her parents to avoid identifying the 7 - year - old .
Last week , the 7 - year - old 's stepfather said Lewis , Leary and the 17 - year - old tried to help the girl and were not involved in the rape .
Trenton police spokesman Sgt. Pedro Medina declined to comment on the investigation Wednesday other than to say that more arrests were expected .
A spokeswoman for the Mercer County prosecutor also declined to comment .
" Whatever they are agreeing to , it is with the expectation that they go home when they are done , " Main said .
Kevin Main , who represents the 17 - year - old and who has reviewed the police interrogations of the boys and the 15 - year - old girl , told The Associated Press that investigators put words in the boys ' mouths and led them to believe they would n't get in trouble .
Four days after the party , the 13 - and 14 - year - old who live near the gritty public housing complex where police say the assault took place were brought in for questioning .
Two men -- 20 - year - old Gregory Leary and 19 - year - old Timear Lewis -- and three boys , ages 13 , 14 and 17 , have been charged with rape at the March 28 party .
The girl 's sister , who police say sold her to the men during a party in a vacant apartment , was charged with promoting prostitution , aggravated sexual assault and other crimes .
TRENTON , N.J. —
The two youngest boys charged with gang - raping a 7 - year - old girl last month may have been pressured into confessing and implicating others in the case , according to two people with firsthand knowledge of the police interrogations .
" I should just make up a story to get it over with , " the official recalls the 13 - year - old boy saying .
Jason Hageman , who represents Timear Lewis , said there seemed to be a " concerted effort to coerce these juveniles to admitting to doing something they have n't have done . "
He said Lewis did n't have sexual contact with either girl and he is confident that forensic testing will support his claim .
" He has given DNA .
He was very open about it .
He knew they would n't find any of his DNA " on the girl , Hagemen said .
Forensic evidence is still being tested by the state police lab , Trenton police said .
According to the official , the 13 - year - old told police that Gregory Leary did n't touch the 7 - year - old either , but by the end of the interview , he changed his story and said Leary had raped her .
The boys are learning disabled and the 14 - year - old can't read or write , the official said .
The 13 - year - old boy often seemed confused during the interview , the source said .
At one point , he said the group held down the 15 - year - old and had sex with her , but police have said the 15 - year - old voluntarily had sex with several men for money .
When police asked him the color of the girl 's T - shirt , he said " white , " to which police encouraged him to " think again , " the official said .
The 14 - year - old boy , whose mother and aunt were alternately present during his interview with police , told investigators that if others said he did the crime , he must have done it .
The aunt told the boy that since he is a juvenile , he would n't be in much trouble .
Assistant Prosecutor Jennifer Downing said several witnesses saw Leary having sex with the 7 - year - old girl .
Leary denies touching her , and his defense attorney questioned in court whether the 7 - year - old was raped at all .
Leary has also been charged with statutory rape for having sex with the 15 - year - old , which he admits doing .
His attorney has said the girl told everyone at the party that it was her 18th birthday that weekend .
Main said the 15 - year - old 's story seemed to " change by the minute " and that she seemingly identified people at random during her interview .
The 7 - year - old 's story of what happened to her closely resembled the sex acts that she may have witnessed being done to her sister , the official said .
The 15 - year - old told investigators that she had sex with five men in a back bedroom and her younger sister walked in and witnessed some of it , the official said .
The 7 - year - old girl told police that five men had intercourse with her and forced her to give them oral sex , the official said .
During the interviews , the 7 - year - old also said she and her sister were planning to run away and that she was afraid of getting in trouble when she came home .
When she arrived at her house , police were there because their parents had reported the girls missing and told police they feared that the older girl had run away and taken her sister with her .
An affidavit for probable cause alludes to a medical finding that he believes is inconsistent with the injuries from a gang rape , Main said .
" If a gang raped that little girl , I do n't think she would be alive , " said Shemika Leary , Gregory Leary 's sister .
© Copyright 2010 Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .
Source : HammarbySjostad.de
Residents of Hammarby Sjöstad , a district on the south side of Stockholm , Sweden , do n’t let their waste go to waste .
Every building in the district boasts an array of pneumatic tubes , like larger versions of the ones that whooshed checks from cars to bank tellers back in the day .
One tube carries combustible waste to a plant where it is burned to make heat and electricity .
Another zips food waste and other biomatter away to be composted and made into fertilizer .
Yet another takes recyclables to a sorting facility .
Meanwhile , wastewater is taken to a treatment plant , from whence it emerges as biosolids for more compost , biogas for heat and transportation fuel , and pure water to cool a power plant , which also runs on biofuels grown with the biosolids .
Looking at a chart of all this is enough to induce dizziness .
“ In terms of what you can do at the local level for energy efficiency and renewable energy , it ’s incredible .
It ’s just amazing , ” says Joan Fitzgerald , author of Emerald Cities ( Oxford University Press , 2010 ) .
After they are done , district authorities hope Hammarby Sjöstad will produce about half its power independently , a task made easier by the fact that residents , thanks to a broad range of efficiency and conservation measures , will consume half the energy of the average Swede ( who already consumes only about 75 percent as much as the average American ) .
These intrepid Swedish urbanites are pushing the envelope on a phenomenon catching on in cities across the developed world : “ distributed energy . ”
That ’s the beginning of my new piece for Scientific American , “ Local Power : Tapping Distributed Energy in 21st - Century Cities . ”
Click on over to read the rest .
I want to add a few quick things here .
First , the piece is focused mostly on technology , since I assumed that ’s what most Scientific American readers are curious about , but the primary barriers to distributed energy are not technological but institutional .
Changing the way electric utilities ( and their regulators ) operate , changing financial institutions and mechanisms , creating more cohesive regional governing authorities , planning across sectors to reduce emissions , and growing carbon markets — all these have to do with changes in law and practice .
Second , yeah , yeah , solar panels are expensive .
But cogeneration is n’t .
Passive solar space and water heating are cheap .
Geothermal heat pumps are economical .
Burning methane from wastewater treatment and landfill facilities is cost - effective .
In many areas biomass is renewable and relatively inexpensive for combined heat and power .
District heating is lowering costs all over northern Europe .
And of course efficiency is cost negative .
Efficiency — the other half of distributed energy — pays for the rest .
That does n’t just mean more efficient appliances and cars , but more efficient metropolitan systems .
Sensors and microchips are getting cheaper so fast that pretty soon it will be possible to wire everything .
Information about where energy is being generated and consumed , where traffic is congested , which parking spaces are occupied , where fresh and wastewater are flowing and how much , will be available at every node in the network .
With that kind of information and the computing algorithms to make sense of it available to every building , vehicle , and consumer device , it will be possible to institute variable pricing for everything from energy to congestion to parking to water .
Efficiency will be infused into the system rather than tacked on .
Third , the social effects of distributed energy are among its most intriguing aspects , but also most difficult to predict .
Recall what happened when computing and information technology became widely available .
Now imagine the hackers of the future with their hands on local energy management .
The very notion probably makes Dick Cheney lose sleep at night ( if he sleeps at all ) , but our kids and grandkids will take their ability to shape their environment for granted .
As with the internet , the furious pace of distributed innovation will produce benefits that dwarf the security risks .
More prosaically , local distributed energy just requires more civic involvement .
Efficient living spaces are by nature smaller , so there ’s more time spent in communal spaces .
There ’s trash sorting and thermostat programming and community planning and all the rest .
Several sources I spoke to for the story waxed poetic about the cities and districts pursuing distributed energy , how the effort became a source of civic pride and engagement .
As Bill McKibben puts it in a beautifully wrought essay , Hammarby Sjöstad is “ a place that makes sense . ”
The majestic animals most closely associated with the African savanna -- fierce lions , massive elephants , towering giraffes -- may be relatively minor players when it comes to shaping the ecosystem .
The real king of the savanna appears to be the termite , say ecologists who 've found that these humble creatures contribute mightily to grassland productivity in central Kenya via a network of uniformly distributed colonies .
Termite mounds greatly enhance plant and animal activity at the local level , while their even distribution over a larger area maximizes ecosystem - wide productivity .
The finding , published in the journal PLoS Biology , affirms a counterintuitive approach to population ecology :
Often it 's the small things that matter most .
" It 's not always the charismatic predators -- animals like lions and leopards -- that exert the greatest control on populations , " says Robert M. Pringle , a research fellow at Harvard University .
" As E.O. Wilson likes to point out , in many respects it 's the little things that run the world .
In the case of the savanna , it appears these termites have tremendous influence and are central to the functioning of this ecosystem . "
Prior research on the Kenya dwarf gecko initially drew Pringle 's attention to the peculiar role of grassy termite mounds , which in this part of Kenya are some 10 meters in diameter and spaced some 60 to 100 meters apart .
Each mound teems with millions of termites , who build the mounds over the course of centuries .
After observing unexpectedly high numbers of lizards in the vicinity of mounds , Pringle and his colleagues began to quantify ecological productivity relative to mound density .
They found that each mound supported dense aggregations of flora and fauna :
Plants grew more rapidly the closer they were to mounds , and animal populations and reproductive rates fell off appreciably with greater distance .
advertisement
What was observed on the ground was even clearer in satellite imagery .
Each mound -- relatively inconspicuous on the Kenyan grassland -- stood at the center of a burst of floral productivity .
More importantly , these bursts were highly organized in relation to one another , evenly dispersed as if squares on a checkerboard .
The result , says Pringle , is an optimized network of plant and animal output closely tied to the ordered distribution of termite mounds .
" In essence , the highly regular spatial pattern of fertile mounds generated by termites actually increases overall levels of ecosystem production .
And it does so in such a profound way , " says Todd M. Palmer , assistant professor of biology at the University of Florida and an affiliate of the Mpala Research Centre in Nanyuki , Kenya .
" Seen from above , the grid - work of termite mounds in the savanna is not just a pretty picture .
The over - dispersion , or regular distribution of these termite mounds , plays an important role in elevating the services this ecosystem provides . "
The mechanism through which termite activity is transformed into far - reaching effects on the ecosystem is a complex one .
Pringle and Palmer suspect termites import coarse particles into the otherwise fine soil in the vicinity of their mounds .
These coarser particles promote water infiltration of the soil , even as they discourage disruptive shrinking and swelling of topsoil in response to precipitation or drought .
The mounds also show elevated levels of nutrients such as phosphorus and nitrogen .
All this beneficial soil alteration appears to directly and indirectly mold ecosystem services far beyond the immediate vicinity of the mound .
While further studies will explore the mechanism through which these spatial patterns of termite mounds emerge , Pringle and Palmer suggest that the present work has implications beyond the basic questions of ecology .
" Termites are typically viewed as pests , and as threats to agricultural and livestock production , " Pringle says .
" But productivity -- of both wild and human - dominated landscapes -- may be more intricately tied to the pattern - generating organisms of the larger natural landscape than is commonly understood . "
The findings also have important implications for conservation , Palmer says .
" As we think restoring degraded ecosystems , as we think about restoring coral reefs , or restoring plant communities , this over - dispersed pattern is teaching us something , " he says .
" It 's saying we might want to think about doing our coral restoration or plant restoration in a way that takes advantage of this ecosystem productivity enhancing phenomenon . "
Pringle and Palmer 's co-authors on the PLoS Biology paper are Daniel F. Doak of the Mpala Research Centre and the University of Wyoming ; Alison K. Brody of the Mpala Research Centre and the University of Vermont ; and Rudy Jocqué of the Royal Museum for Central Africa in Tervuren , Belgium .
Their work was supported by the Sherwood Family Foundation and the National Science Foundation .
Polyglot programming is here and can improve your style .
The first part of this session will look at libraries and techniques that you can use with today ’s Java 6 , and a peek ahead to Java 7 .
In the second part of this session we will look at Scala , it similarities to Java , and it ’s easy access improvements .
Along the way , some functional techniques will be introduced where they make sense , and where they make life easier .
This is intended to be like easing into a warm swimming pool rather than diving in cold at the deep end .
What Makes the Sound of Vuvuzelas so Annoying ?
Acoustics expert explains why the sound of the vuvuzela is so hard on the ears .
June 15 , 2010  --
Love 'em or loathe 'em , the blaring plastic trumpets have become the hallmark of matches at the 2010 World Cup .
We asked Trevor Cox , president of the UK Institute of Acoustics and an acoustic engineer at the University of Salford , UK , to explain their appeal – or otherwise
How do vuvuzelas make their sound ?
The vuvuzela is like a straightened trumpet and is played by blowing a raspberry into the mouthpiece .
The player 's lips open and close about 235 times a second , sending puffs of air down the tube , which excite resonance of the air in the conical bore .
A single vuvuzela played by a decent trumpeter is reminiscent of a hunting horn – but the sound is less pleasing when played by the average football fan , as the note is imperfect and fluctuates in frequency .
It sounds more like an elephant trumpeting .
This happens because the player does not keep the airflow and motion of the lips consistent .
But that din sounds nothing like a trumpet or an elephant .
When hundreds of the vuvuzelas are played together , you get the distinctive droning sound .
People in the crowd are blowing the instrument at different times and with slightly varying frequencies .
The sound waxes and wanes .
The overall effect is rather like the sound of a swarm of insects .
Shape of Horn Contributes to Loudness
Why are they so loud ?
The loudness can be explained by the bore shape , which is roughly conical , and flares .
As well as creating sound at a frequency of 235 hertz , the instrument generates harmonics – sound at multiples of the fundamental frequency .
We have measured strong harmonics at 470 , 700 , 940 , 1171 , 1400 and 1630 hertz .
A flared instrument has louder higher - frequency harmonics than a cylindrical one .
The flared instrument is perceived as louder because the higher harmonics are at frequencies where our hearing is most sensitive .
This is partly why the conical saxophone sounds louder than the cylindrical clarinet .
Since it produces 116 decibels at 1 metre , prolonged exposure to the vuvuzela poses a risk to hearing , according to a study by the Department of Communication Pathology at the University of Pretoria , South Africa .
Listen to just one instrument for 7 to 22 seconds and you exceed typical permitted levels for noise at work .
A whole crowd produces even higher levels , and measurements at a training match have shown temporary hearing loss among spectators .
Hearing Is an Early - Warning System
Is it annoying because it is loud ?
Experiments on other noise sources show that louder sounds are more annoying .
Our hearing is an early - warning system : we listen out for sudden changes in the sounds around us which might indicate threats , and ignore benign , persistent noise .
When noise becomes as loud as a vuvuzela , however , it becomes impossible to habituate to the sound .
What else about the sound makes it annoying ?
The droning quality makes it more annoying – the fact it has a distinct pitch or note .
Investigations into many noise annoyance problems have demonstrated this .
Indeed some noise standards and regulations have corrections to allow for the additional annoyance from such sound .
Droning sounds are harder to ignore and more alerting than broadband noise such as the hiss of a badly tuned radio .
This might be because tones can carry useful information in the vowel sounds of speech .
But it might also relate to threat detection – because predator sounds like a lion 's roar has tonal components – but I 'm speculating .
What can be done to make it less annoying , especially on TV and the radio ?
Broadcasters have to balance how much crowd sound to use compared to the commentators ' voices .
If they make the crowd too quiet then the game lacks atmosphere , so they can't turn it off altogether .
If you are watching the match on a computer , you could try this , from the Centre for Digital Music at Queen Mary University of London .
Otherwise , you might just have to try and accept the sound as being part of the background .
Lack of control over a noise source has been shown to increase its perceived annoyance .
So your best bet might be to crack open another beer and try your best to enjoy the atmosphere
The Great Inertia Sector : A whistleblower 's account of council work where staff pull six - month sickies
In his emergency Budget this week , Chancellor George Osborne announced he was cutting public sector expenditure by 25 per cent .
Unions have declared the cuts irresponsible .
But are they ?
Here , one employee for a large inner London authority lifts the lid on the culture of inertia and incompetence at his workplace .
The Mail knows the true identity of the man - a graduate who has been a planning officer for eight years .
But to protect his job , he is writing under an assumed name .
Monday morning , it 's 10 am and I 'm late for work - but there 's no point hurrying because even though I should have been at my desk 30 minutes ago , I know I 'll be the first to arrive at the office .
Sure enough , the planning department is a ghost town .
Our flexi - hours policy means that employees can start any time between 7.30 am and 10 am , but council workers like to treat that as a rough guideline rather than the contractual obligation that it is .
Feet up : Life is a breeze at the whistleblower 's council office , where staff take six months ' sick leave and enjoy very flexible hours
I 'm a senior planning officer : it 's my job to inspect buildings , grant planning approval and to guide members of the public looking to alter their homes .
Our department has 60 employees and - until last Tuesday - a budget of £ 22 million .
I 've been there for two years and in that period the only time I 've ever seen every employee present and correct was at the Christmas party .
At least ten people will be off sick on any one day .
The departmental record holder is Doreen - she has worked a grand total of eight days in 14 months .
Doreen must be the unluckiest woman in the country .
In the past year and a half she claims she has : fallen victim to frostbite ; been hit by a car ; and accidentally set herself on fire .
But she 's really pulled out all the stops with her latest excuse : witchcraft .
That 's right , Doreen believes somebody in Nigeria has cast a spell on her and that it would be unprofessional of her to attempt to do the job she is paid £ 56 k a year for while under the influence of the spell .
She has already been off for four months on full pay .
I 've no idea how long this spell lasts , but my guessing would be six months to the day - the exact amount of time council employees can take off on full pay before their money is reduced .
But having just eight weeks of full pay left wo n't be a problem for Doreen and the rest of the council 's sickly staff - they 'll simply return to work when the six months is up , put in a day or two 's work and then go off sick for another six months on full pay again .
Easy .
Of course they have to provide sick - notes from a doctor , but as you can buy fake ones online for £ 10 it 's never proved a problem .
There are procedures in place to address attendance , but nobody ever follows them through - chances are the person whose job it is to monitor sickness is probably signed off himself .
Some human resources managers , usually new to the job , do try to take action - but it mostly backfires .
A ' sick ' colleague spent three months in Marbella
All credit to the bright - eyed young HR manager who , last year , wanted to dismiss a senior employee who had been off sick for three months .
The employee had still been using his company mobile phone , from Marbella .
However , the employee was able ( with a little help from the mighty Unison union ) to argue that there 's no reason why ' sick ' people can't rent villas in the Costa Del Sol .
I 've been told by colleagues that I do n't take enough sick leave - when I protest that it is because I 'm in good health they look confused .
What 's that got to do with anything ?
At my borough a worker can take two weeks before having to produce a doctor 's note ( fake or not ) .
With the five weeks ' annual leave plus bank holidays , even the most conscientious worker in my department is easily taking 12 weeks a year off .
To add insult to injury , some London boroughs recently introduced a new scheme whereby anybody who did an extra 15 minutes ' work a day for 20 days could take an extra day 's holiday .
But when you can so easily take six months off , who needs official holidays ?
Back to the day 's business .
Jerry is the next to arrive at 10.25 am - before he takes his jacket off he performs his morning ritual of taking both his phones off the hook .
God forbid that any resident and council tax payer should be able to speak to him and get some of the advice he 's paid £ 64 k a year to dispense .
Jerry is 63 and two years from retirement .
He is what is known in the civil service and local government as an ' untouchable ' - he 's been at the council for more than 40 years , does no work , but would cost an absolute fortune to get rid of .
So he 's left alone to play online poker , Skype his daughter in Florida and take his two - hour daily snooze at his desk , no doubt dreaming of the day when his gold - plated public sector pension will kick in .
Sick note : Feeling a bit rough ?
Then why not print a sick note found on the internet and take a month of work
If you think Jerry 's pay is generous , consider this : the head of my department is on an annual salary of £ 170 k plus bonuses , his deputy nets £ 99 k and even the office PAs are on a very respectable £ 38 k - just two thousand less than I get .
I listen to my answerphone and , as usual , there are about 20 messages from people trying to report faulty streetlights or complain that their rubbish has n't been collected - calls that have been misdirected by our useless call centre .
When I first started here at the council , I tried to pass these messages on to the right department , but eventually gave up - nobody answers phones , nobody listens to voicemails , and emails go unread .
There 's no point showing any initiative .
I once wandered down to the ' Streetcare ' department to ask why the hell nobody was answering the phone .
But only two staff had turned up that day and they were both in the prayer room .
Yes , you read that correctly , all large council offices now provide prayer rooms , primarily for their Muslim employees whose faith requires them to perform devotional prayers at midday , in the afternoon and at sunset .
Although it 's two years since I started working for this authority I 've also worked for two other London boroughs in various capacities over a period of 12 years .
In that time I 've never known anybody be sacked , no matter how inept and unprofessional they may be .
I 'm not sure what it takes to get fired in local government .
I 'd say ' murdering the CEO ' but , even then , you 're more likely to be sent on an ' anger in the workplace ' course .
Councils love their workshops , training courses and seminars .
This week alone I 've been invited to attend : A cycle hire and efficiency course ; a traffic and pollution briefing ; and a training course on offsite health and safety .
Next week there is a two - day course on ' letter writing skills ' - I dearly hope that Jackie , our departmental PA , will attend this one .
I 've given up using her and now type my own correspondence and reports .
The last time she typed a letter for me ( to an architect ) she misspelt ' accommodation ' and ' environment ' throughout .
I gently pointed this out to her and asked her to redo the document .
But she went sick for two weeks with stress , complaining that she was being bullied .
When my boss called me in to discuss this I , jokingly , said : ' Well I 'll just let her misspell everything in future , shall I ? '
To which he replied : ' Yes , I think that 's best for now . '
I 'm not sure what workshop I was asked to attend for that particular misdemeanour , but I do recall the ' cultural awareness and sensitivity ' one following an incident where I outrageously asked a black colleague if I could open a window behind her desk .
It was 88 degrees outside and our offices have no air conditioning .
This lady was born and bred in North London but claimed her Caribbean heritage meant she felt the cold and opening a window by six inches would cause her to suffer .
I did the workshop and wrote her a letter of apology as recommended .
I actually began to question whether I was racist or insensitive .
That evening I saw Sean , my oldest friend who is black .
I ran the window story by him - he eventually stopped laughing after about 20 minutes .
You can't be made to attend these workshops but , surprisingly , the take - up is remarkably high .
Not because those going want to improve their skills , but because a full day 's training comes with a full day 's free catering .
' Fact Finding Missions ' are another great favourite within the public sector .
The last one I attended was a two - day trip ( transport and four - star accommodation included ) to a football club in the Midlands .
They get the minimum done for the maximum
Supposedly it was to understand how other inner cities tackle sporting events in areas of high population .
However , the only ' fact '
I discovered was that it takes about 11 pints and two whisky chasers before my boss keels over .
In fairness , there are some very hard workers at the council , but they are so massively outweighed by the workshy that they 're fighting a losing battle .
The culture is very much one of getting minimum done for maximum pay .
Even when a reasonable proportion of the staff turns up for work ( for our office that would be about 60 per cent ) very little gets done because the officers cannot be bothered with the fiddly paperwork that goes with the job .
When residents contact the office because they want , for example , a loft extension or to replace windows in a conservation area , they hit such a wall of inefficiency and apathy that many simply give up or go ahead without permission .
I recently received a letter from somebody looking for the plans to a building that was erected ten years ago .
I passed it on to Jackie the ever - efficient PA , who claimed she could n't find them .
I went to look and located them in 30 seconds .
The only time the department ever really jumps into action is when architects complain .
They know planning inside out and wo n't be fobbed off with delaying tactics that ordinary citizens have to contend with .
You can't even give them the old council favourite of claiming that you can't answer any of their questions because of ' data protection ' .
We love that excuse - nobody really knows what it means , but we use it all the time .
Bosses of local authorities have bonuses dependent on not getting high numbers of complaints .
But the only way complaints can be recorded is if they are dealt with - if they 're ignored or mysteriously lost then they never existed and wo n't be counted .
Despite all this , my department makes a huge amount of money - mostly from private developers .
If they want to build something it costs them £ 2,300 just to have an initial planning meeting with us .
What they do n't know is that we 've already had a meeting and decided they probably wo n't get permission - unless they agree to a ' planning gain ' - a dodgy but perfectly legal practice whereby a developer who wants to build , say , a hotel , will be told that he can have his planning permission , but only if he also agrees to build a community centre too .
Office chat :
There 's always time for gossip in council offices where phones are routinely taken off the hook by some staff
It 's a way for councils to improve local amenities , without having to pay for them from public funds .
Some might call it bribery .
For us , it 's everyday business that ensures our budgets are protected for our vital work - like protecting our pay rises and perks .
So can anything be done to curtail this greed , waste and chronic incompetence ?
George Osborne clearly thinks so , with his bold promises to tackle the bloated public sector head - on .
We had a meeting on Thursday to discuss the Chancellor 's proposed cuts - there was talk of strike action among the younger workers , but much rubbing of hands among the ' untouchables ' , many of whom could walk away with six - figure golden goodbyes .
The cuts and pay freezes are desperately needed , but the one thing Mr Osborne will never be able to control is the culture of inertia and inefficiency that is rife throughout the public sector .
Of course , when I tell my friends in the private sector about my working conditions , they can scarcely believe it .
As the recession bites , they consider themselves lucky to be holding on to their jobs , and are willing to work extra hours or take a pay freeze to ensure their firm 's survival .
In the public sector , though , there is no competitive edge ; no incentive to cuts costs or improve efficiency .
Few genuinely fear for their job security , protected as they are by threats of union action every time the axe looks likely to fall .
It 's the same story across the world : when a nation 's public sector is allowed to expand into a bloated behemoth , it is almost impossible to cut it down to size , still less to change the culture of waste and laziness that sets in .
I do n't know what the solution is .
Even those , like myself , who join with the best of intentions are soon worn down and end up subscribing to the ' if you can't beat them , join them ' school of thought .
Of course the real scandal is it 's your money that 's paying for the jollies , the prayer rooms and the never - ending workshops .
In my authority 's borough , the average householder pays £ 1,330 a year in council tax .
I 'm sure they'd be thrilled to know that they 're funding Jerry 's internet gambling and Doreen 's never - ending sick pay .
Good luck Mr Osborne - you 're going to need it .
I love out - there theories and the people who are seized by them .
I ’m a sitting duck for crackpots .
Maybe that ’s why I like the Web .
But even those of us who pride ourselves on never showing skepticism arrive at a crossroads sometimes .
Should I really sacrifice 20 minutes of my life to hear out this particular rant ( about Google , Obama , the Fed ) or politely back away from the ranter ?
Well , you really sound as if you ’re on to something , sir !
In analog times , one sign that it was time to retreat was if a big talker , having declared himself an author , produced his “ book ” and something about the book just was n’t . . . booky .
Maybe the pages carried a whiff of the Xerox or mimeograph machine .
Or maybe the volume — about Atlantis or Easter Island — looked too good , with engraved letters , staid cover , no dust jacket .
After a casual examination of the spine or the title page , realization would dawn : self - published .
In this time of Twitter feeds and self - designed Snapfish albums and personal YouTube channels , it ’s hard to remember the stigma that once attached to self - publishing .
But it was very real .
By contrast , to have a book legitimately produced by a publishing house in the 20th century was not just to have copies of your work bound between smart - looking covers .
It was also metaphysical : you had been chosen , made intelligible and harmonious by editors and finally rendered eligible , thanks to the magic that turns a manuscript into a book , for canonization and immortality .
You were no longer a kid with a spiral notebook and a sonnet cycle about Sixth Avenue ; you were an author , and even if you never saw a dime in royalties , no one could ever dismiss you again as an oddball .
gaggar Profile Joined July 2009 Canada 118 Posts Last Edited : 2010-04-14 17:14:16 # 1
http://news.naver.com/main/read.nhn?mode=LSD&mid=sec&sid1=107&oid=347&aid=0000001080
Apparently a number of current pro gamers has been found involved in match set-ups and illegal betting after being in contact with an illegal gambling group .
Unidentified pro gamers has been found illegally leaking team 's replay files and intentionally losing matches .
Teams involved are currently taking measures to oust the offending members and forcing more serious offenders to retire .
Rumors speculate a vast number of A - listers are of those being punished including Savior , AKA Ma Jae Yoon .
New articles are being uploaded in real time ( below )
+ Show Spoiler +
+ Show Spoiler +
http://news.naver.com/main/read.nhn?mode=LSD&mid=sec&sid1=107&oid=347&aid=0000001082
This article compares current event with the infamous 1919 Black Sox scandal , and the ramification this incident may have to the pro gaming scene in general , but the names are n't mentioned and only vague implications .
Article 2
+ Show Spoiler +
http://news.naver.com/main/read.nhn?mode=LSD&mid=sec&sid1=107&oid=347&aid=0000001081
This article questions why this might have happened and blames slow response of the organizers .
Article 3
+ Show Spoiler +
http://news.naver.com/main/read.nhn?mode=LSD&mid=sec&sid1=107&oid=347&aid=0000001079
Lastly , this one suggests some retired pro gamers may be involved and used their connections to make contact with the current progamers for illegal match throwing .
Article 4
+ Show Spoiler +
( now 404'ed )
The list is in Korean but it 's not for the feint hearted .
There is no solid list yet , but the ( in ) famous DC starcraft gallery is being flooded with what is apparently a post by an insider who spammed the forum before any of this came to light .
http://gall.dcinside.com/list.php?id=starcraft&no=4845648&page=1&bbs=
( now 404 'ed ) The list is in Korean but it 's not for the feint hearted .
Article 1 Article 2 Article 3 Article 4
Update Fomos finally went green on their articles on this scandal .
The coverage is pretty extensive .
I 'll summerize them below
+ Show Spoiler +
This article explains the way these betting sites operate and suggests that the sites began at around 2006 and really exploded in 2008 .
2008 is when their business really took place and tried contacting the players for rigging .
http://www.fomos.kr/board/board.php?mode=read&keyno=105706&db=issue
This article talks about how the rigging began .
It apparently started with retired pro-gamers taking a part in using their contacts etc .
They 're naming no names , but those involved are as followed : A former pro gamer coach , a former match caster / announcer , a pro-gaming scene reporter , and other numerous former pro-gamers .
http://www.fomos.kr/board/board.php?mode=read&keyno=105707&db=issue
This one talks about how camps were infiltrated and players were contacted .
Apparently coaching staffs and directors are also involved in the scandal as they took money for changing the player entry .
http://www.fomos.kr/board/board.php?mode=read&keyno=105708&db=issue
This article talks about how these offenders are being sorted out , using various method of bank records , e-mails and phone records .
Many who were investigated denied any charges at first , but eventually admitted guilt .
The offenders are being dealt with atm .
http://www.fomos.kr/board/board.php?mode=read&keyno=105709&db=issue
This one 's about replay leaks .
Nothing much here .
http://www.fomos.kr/board/board.php?mode=read&keyno=105710&db=issue
A bit more serious one here .
E - sports organizers knew about this and attempted solving the issue through various methods , but as all illegal business goes , they were good at avoiding and re-opening .
At a closed conference between E - sports organizers and betting site representatives , the betting sites in a bold move suggested that they should find a way to co-exist with the illegal betting sites - or else they 'll release the list of everyone in the e-sports who are involved in the shady deals .
http://www.fomos.kr/board/board.php?mode=read&keyno=105711&db=issue
This article talks about the list containing real name .
In Korea , it is illegal to release criminal 's real name as part of their human rights law .
The article ultimately says no , and it can only be implied .
http://www.fomos.kr/board/board.php?mode=read&keyno=105712&db=issue
This one wonders if police will be involved in the scandal .
The article says police will get involved , but their investigation will not include e-sports organizers .
Just the betting sites .
http://www.fomos.kr/board/board.php?mode=read&keyno=105705&db=issueThis article explains the way these betting sites operate and suggests that the sites began at around 2006 and really exploded in 2008 .
2008 is when their business really took place and tried contacting the players for rigging .
This article talks about how the rigging began .
It apparently started with retired pro-gamers taking a part in using their contacts etc .
They 're naming no names , but those involved are as followed : A former pro gamer coach , a former match caster / announcer , a pro-gaming scene reporter , and other numerous former pro-gamers .
This one talks about how camps were infiltrated and players were contacted .
Apparently coaching staffs and directors are also involved in the scandal as they took money for changing the player entry .
This article talks about how these offenders are being sorted out , using various method of bank records , e-mails and phone records .
Many who were investigated denied any charges at first , but eventually admitted guilt .
The offenders are being dealt with atm .
This one 's about replay leaks .
Nothing much here .
A bit more serious one here .
E - sports organizers knew about this and attempted solving the issue through various methods , but as all illegal business goes , they were good at avoiding and re-opening .
At a closed conference between E - sports organizers and betting site representatives , the betting sites in a bold move suggested that they should find a way to co-exist with the illegal betting sites - or else they 'll release the list of everyone in the e-sports who are involved in the shady deals .
This article talks about the list containing real name .
In Korea , it is illegal to release criminal 's real name as part of their human rights law .
The article ultimately says no , and it can only be implied .
This one wonders if police will be involved in the scandal .
The article says police will get involved , but their investigation will not include e-sports organizers .
Just the betting sites .
Update April 15th , 1:32 AM KST
Deleted the boxer marriage rumor as it has little to do with the scandal directly .
Also , a Korean politician / congressman Jeon Byung - Hyun speaks out on this scandal
http://blog.daum.net/bhjun/5508203
The title reads : Black Sox scandal : is there any way out for E - sports ?
First paragraph in the article in Korean :
+ Show Spoiler + 올 초 부터 e스포츠 팬들로부터 , 또 일부 언론에서 문제가 제기됐던 '불법 배팅사이 트'와 연계된 '승부조작 사건'이 사실로 드러났습니다 .
현재까지 확인된 결과를 이야기하면 , 문화부는 현재 불법 배팅사이트와 연계된 ' 승부조작 사건'에 대해 인지를 하고 있고 , e스포츠협회는 관련 사건을 검찰에 수사를 의뢰해 놓은 상태 입니다 .
e스포츠를 취재하는 언론이나 기자들은 해당 사실을 미리 알고 있었습니다만 , 검찰이 ' 브로커 잠수 가능성 '을 이유로 e스포츠협회에 협조를 요청했고 , 이에따라 언론들이 침묵하고 있었던 것입니다 .
그러나 , 사태가 이미 대부분의 e스포츠 커뮤니티에 확대 재생산되고 있는 상황이고 , 최초 검찰 고소건을 취재한 e스포츠 전문 언론사에서 협회의 안이한 대처를 참지 못하고 기사화 한 것입니다 .
In English :
The gambling scandal / match rigging that has been pointed out by certain members of media and the fans of E - sports has been confirmed to be true .
What has been confirmed so far by the Ministery of Culture , is that they are aware of the match throwing in connection with the illegal betting sites , and the E - sports Association have contacted the police for further investigation .
The media and the journalists were already aware of the situation , but for investigative reasons , such as brokers disappearing into hiding , police has asked the media to stay silent .
But the problem exploded out of control and is being re-amplified within the E - sports community .
It has all to do with an E - sports media outlet ( which received the initial news ) that grew impatient at the slow and improper responses made by the E - sports Association , and decided to publish the news .
The article goes on about the Black Sox scandal and a brief history of SC pro-gaming scene .
It ends with why it happened and what should be done , but nothing too informative .
The scandal rumor seems to be a confirmed fact and all we now have to know is who 's involved .
Apparently a number of current pro gamers has been found involved in match set-ups and illegal betting after being in contact with an illegal gambling group .
Unidentified pro gamers has been found illegally leaking team 's replay files and intentionally losing matches .
Teams involved are currently taking measures to oust the offending members and forcing more serious offenders to retire .
Rumors speculate a vast number of A - listers are of those being punished including Savior , AKA Ma Jae Yoon .
New articles are being uploaded in real time ( below ) Fomos finally went green on their articles on this scandal .
The coverage is pretty extensive .
I 'll summerize them belowApril 15th , 1:32 AM KSTDeleted the boxer marriage rumor as it has little to do with the scandal directly .
The title reads : Black Sox scandal : is there any way out for E - sports ?
First paragraph in the article in Korean :
In English : The gambling scandal / match rigging that has been pointed out by certain members of media and the fans of E - sports has been confirmed to be true .
What has been confirmed so far by the Ministery of Culture , is that they are aware of the match throwing in connection with the illegal betting sites , and the E - sports Association have contacted the police for further investigation .
The media and the journalists were already aware of the situation , but for investigative reasons , such as brokers disappearing into hiding , police has asked the media to stay silent .
But the problem exploded out of control and is being re-amplified within the E - sports community .
It has all to do with an E - sports media outlet ( which received the initial news ) that grew impatient at the slow and improper responses made by the E - sports Association , and decided to publish the news .
The article goes on about the Black Sox scandal and a brief history of SC pro-gaming scene .
It ends with why it happened and what should be done , but nothing too informative .
The scandal rumor seems to be a confirmed fact and all we now have to know is who 's involved .
CORPUS CHRISTI , TEXAS – Approximately 5,000 Texans attended the Democratic Party State Convention June 25 - 26 in this beautiful beach town .
Just outside the clear waters lurked millions of gallons of sludge from the BP oil disaster and of course politically , the Democrats were surrounded by incumbent Republicans in all state offices .
However , neither the oil nor the Republicans seemed to dim the delegate ’s optimism for November .
The highly diverse , young / old , black / brown / white , male / female , straight / gay activist crowd kept smiling while they built their “ big tent ” all - inclusive approach to Texas politics .
Probably the largest caucus was that of labor .
AFL - CIO President Becky Moeller presided while statewide candidates lined the wall for an opportunity to ask the big labor delegation for help .
Former AFL - CIO leader Linda Chavez - Thompson stole the show , as she does everywhere politicians gather , but others were also outstanding as well .
Jeff Weems , Democratic candidate for Railroad Commissioner , pointed out that the mis-named agency actually regulates the state ’s oil and gas industry .
He blasted the Republicans for failing to regulate the oil companies .
He said , “ I am running against a potted plant ! ”
Barbara Radnofsky , candidate for Attorney General , urged the crowd to back her call for a Texas lawsuit against Wall Street for ruining the economy .
She said that such a suit would bring billions of deserved dollars back into the Texas economy .
Her web site is www.suewallstreet.com!
One of the most popular topics for the Democrats was the Texas State Board of Education ( SBOE ) .
The first workshop scheduled on the topic overfilled its designated room and had to be moved .
The second one , conducted by the Texas Freedom Network , filled 220 seats and left three rows of people standing in the back and jammed into the doorway .
State Senator Wendy Davis , the principal speaker , could hardly put together a complete sentence without being interrupted by wild applause .
The organization ’s president , Kathy Miller , hardly spoke at all , but just showed actual videos of the reactionary incumbent board members ’ statements against union leader Dolores Huerta , martyred Archbishop Oscar Romero , and U.S. President Thomas Jefferson .
The board ’s ignorance and political bias has become , Miller said , “ a national laughing stock . ” “ INTERNATIONAL ! ” the crowd yelled back in chorus .
Another topic that came up often during the convention was the Green Party of Texas .
Just before the Corpus Christi meeting , the state ’s newspapers revealed that one of the party ’s former officers had testified that the former Chief of Staff for Governor Rick Perry had been heavily involved in the Republican effort to fund the Greens and make sure they were on the ballot in 2010 .
Texas is a difficult state for ballot status , so Republicans operatives had come up with $ 532,000 to pay for the professional petitioning program .
The Democrats sued , of course , charging that the only possible reason that the Republicans would finance the environmentalist Greens , with whom they bitterly disagree , was to draw votes away from Democrats .
Republicans supplied powerful attorneys on behalf of the Greens , but the judge ruled , just before the convention , that the giant campaign “ gift ” conflicted with a Texas law against accepting political donations from corporations .
The lavish lifestyle of incumbent Republican Governor Rick Perry was a popular topic .
The Texas AFL - CIO pulled their trailer house to the convention to repeat their offer to let Governor Perry live in it , practically rent - free , instead of the expensive mansion in the Austin hills that the taxpayers are affording him .
Almost the only discordant note at the Democrats ’ convention , had to do with the way that primary elections select the party ’s candidates .
A minor percentage of the votes come from delegated precinct meetings rather than directly from the popular vote in a process laughingly called the “ Texas Two - Step . ”
Party officials say the process tends to energize activists and build their volunteer base .
Opponents argued the basic democracy of adhering to popular vote , but observers say that the fuss was really just an echo of hurt feelings because Hillary Clinton won the 2008 popular vote but lost the Texas nomination to the more numerous and enthusiastic Barack Obama activists .
In a lop - sided vote , the convention decided to keep on two - stepping .
After putting together a 38 - page progressive platform , the conventioneers returned to their home districts with determined optimism for November , 2010 .
Photo : Jim Lane
OUTLaw is a social and political student organization dedicated to serving the lesbian , gay , bisexual , transgender , and queer ( LGBTQ + ) community at The University of Texas School of Law .
OUTLaw welcomes all members of the LGBTQ community and its allies .
Throughout the school year we host academic and social events , participate in pro bono legal clinics and other community outreach work , and notify our members about diversity scholarships and professional opportunities .
OUTLaw originated as the Lesbian Bisexual Gay Student Association ( LBGSA ) following the 1996 United States Supreme Court decision Hopwood v. Texas , when a number of minority students at UT Law were mobilizing in order to create a more visible presence at the Law School .
The organization ’s founders sought to provide a social support network to the queer community at UT Law .
OUTLaw is always interested in partnering with other organizations that align with our goals .
Please contact us with any questions or suggestions .
Editor 's note : Heather Heenehan is a master 's degree student in environmental management at Duke University and is working on a summer fellowship at Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution in Woods Hole , Massachusetts .
Woods Hole , Massachusetts ( CNN ) --
Our need for oil almost wiped out the sperm whale once , and now our insatiable hunger for it threatens them again .
Sperm whales were hunted in the Gulf of Mexico in the 18th and 19th centuries for their oil , but were somewhat spared when petroleum replaced whale oil as an energy source .
Now , instead of hunters , the same oil that helped to save the sperm whales from extinction threatens their survival in the Gulf .
Sperm whales , listed as endangered in 1970 , are social animals .
The young live with their mothers for years in stable groups , and the whales dive deep in search of food .
Because they spend so much of their lives undersea , our knowledge of their behavior and community structure is limited .
We have a lot to learn before we can say we truly know these animals .
We do know that sperm whales depend on the deep ocean habitat .
And we know that habitat in the Gulf is severely threatened by the disastrous BP oil spill -- particularly as the oil spreads through plumes that go deep into the water .
[ On Tuesday , the decomposed body of a juvenile sperm whale was found 77 miles from the well , according to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration .
Investigators are trying to determine whether oil played a role in its death ; it was not found in oiled water . ]
Routinely holding their breath for about 45 minutes , sperm whales can dive half a mile to hunt fish and squid .
When they arrive at the surface , they spend about nine minutes breathing and preparing for their next dive .
About 1,665 sperm whales live in the Gulf of Mexico , according to the National Marine Fisheries Service , and reports say about 300 to 400 of them depend on deep waters near the mouth of the Mississippi River .
Whalers , centuries ago , found that the Mississippi Canyon , off the Mississippi River Delta , was a hot spot for sperm whales .
A recent review of whalers ' logbooks shows that from 1788 to 1877 , about 204 voyages spent at least one season whaling in the Gulf .
Recent research indicates about 40 whales at any one time live around the Mississippi Canyon , and females and immature whales prefer this area .
BP 's undersea well gushing out oil is in this canyon .
The aftermath of the 1989 Exxon Valdez oil spill offers a glimpse into what might be in store for the sperm whales of the Gulf .
Many North Pacific killer whales died throughout the year after that 11 million gallon spill .
Forty percent of the whales in the most exposed groups died , including all of the breeding females in one group .
As more long - term studies emerge , we see that after 20 years , the killer whales still have not fully recovered .
Risk factors for the sperm whales of the Gulf are similar to those for the killer whales of coastal Alaska :
They are swimming in oil ; females and juveniles depend on critical habitat near the spill , and the population is already small and isolated .
Oil can damage and kill marine mammals in myriad ways .
The major threat to sperm whales is probably breathing in volatile organic compounds at the surface .
The residents of New Orleans , Louisiana , may smell a bad odor from the spill , but imagine , after a 45 - minute dive , surfacing into a noxious cloud of contaminated air .
Breathing these fumes can lead to pneumonia , damage to the brain , liver and other organs ; unconsciousness and death .
And the dispersants added to the oil are actually more volatile than crude .
Oil could also contaminate or kill the fish and squid that sperm whales eat .
These creatures are highly sensitive to toxic compounds in oil .
As the oil spreads , it will create a greater risk .
In the early 1990s , the U.S. Marine Mammal Commission warned about oil and gas exploration in the Gulf .
Considering the risk of a large oil spill to marine mammals , the commission said " such effects might result in the complete loss of a regional population and require three or more generations to recover . "
BP and its federal regulators ignored these warnings .
But they were far from alone .
Every single person in the United States who uses oil has a personal connection to this spill .
As I watch footage of the oil flowing into this deepwater habitat , I realize that I am partially responsible .
If Americans did n't use as much oil as we do , we would n't have to drill as much -- or at all .
It 's too soon to say what will become of the sperm whale in the Gulf of Mexico .
But it is fair to say a new energy source wo n't suddenly emerge to replace petroleum .
So , what can we do ?
We can support clean energy in every way possible , but we also must decrease our oil consumption .
Maybe we will all be able to learn something from this disaster and adapt .
The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Heather Heenehan .
World Population from BC 400 – 2000
Above we see the human population graphed for the last 2,400 years .
(? Originally from : Atlas of World Population History – Colin McEvedy ? )
What if instead of a population explosion for the last 600 years we had a population stasis – no growth whatsoever – what would that look like ?
How much overshoot would we now be experiencing compared to any given year ?
Or , perhaps , how would the population appear at the end of a normal person ’s life expectancy of 70 years compared to when they were born ?
These are some questions I was asking myself this morning .
This afternoon I was talking to a couple of my 85 - year - old friends and asked them , “ Were there too many or too few people when you were born ? ”
They said they had never thought about it , but the population seemed about right .
Most people had jobs most of the time and no one actually starved .
A quick computation from memory :
In 1925 there were about 2 billion people on Earth and now in 2010 there are about 7 billion people .
That means there are 3 ½ times as many people now as when my friends were born .
That is a population explosion !
Let ’s try a slightly different approach to show the growth using the chart above and assuming a 50 - year life expectancy period for ease of using the chart .
At the beginning date of 400 BC there were about 100 million people , and in 1600 there were 545 million , or roughly a growth of 445 million living people in 2000 years .
That is a 4 ½ times growth in 2,000 years .
That would be an increase of about 111,000 for each of the 20 hundred - year periods , or 1,110 per year world - wide .
Or about 5 ½ million per 50 - year lifetime .
Or very roughly , 1 % more people living when a middle - aged person died than when they were born , at any time during that very long 2000 - year period .
( Sorry that got messy ! )
My old buddies were seeing 350 % more people .
Can that simple calculation be right ?
It is wildly beyond crazy speculation .
That the number of people alive , at the end of a typical human lifetime , has gone from an nearly invisible 1 % to people heaped everywhere , 350 % .
Okay , the age was changed from 50 years old at the end of life to 85 years old at the end .
Let me recalculate for someone 50 years old in the year 2000 so the base is the same .
The population numbers go from 2,500 in 1950 to 5750 in 2000 .
Then dividing 5750 / 2500=2.3 .
Whew , only an increase to 230 % in a 50 - year lifetime .
But wait – all species must in the long run be in balance with their environment , and even back 2000 years ago people were doing quite well compared to other species at a sustained 1 % growth rate .
If we look at human population growth since our species developed all of our modern physical qualities visible in the archeological record , say 100,000 years ago , we would get a growth number well under 1 % .
Or perhaps defining human beings starting from when the first unequivocally symbolic artifacts were found , say 40,000 years ago with some art objects beyond a bored hole in a shell , it would still be well under 1 % global change .
If the line between 500,000 and 10,000 were drawn to scale it would be 50 times longer and really flat .
Various population experts show different population histories for the world , usually based on reasonable but general assumptions like the kind of economy people in a given area were using for their livelihood .
From that guesstimate they compare known populations living that style of existence and extrapolate a logical and reasonable if not absolutely perfect population figure .
The point is that we are currently in an ongoing population explosion which is unlikely to carry on for 100 years .
Doomsday repeats itself until a stable population is agreed upon and enforced .
Either population levels off and stabilizes or it collapses .
My guess is that if you could graph this out for another 10,000 years the population would drop back to 100 million ( 0.1 billion ) , the population of the 500 AD period .
Then one of two possibilities .
Either there would be an enforced world - wide population policy maintaining a stable population with a very good standard of living for everyone .
Or alternatively there would be no population policy and the population would go through boom and bust cycles with lots of conflict and many wars .
There would be massive squalor for most of the people most of the time .
To attain the healthier outcome there would not have to be regulation of anything except population and communities of people could live as they choose .
With a smallish human population existing well within nature ’s ability to furnish us with necessities , everyone could live the very long and happy life they chose for themselves .
I love my sexual freedoms but a two - child family seems just fine .
I knew the founders of the Sexual Freedom League and was paid real money for designing their logo back in 1967 .
There are some movies of me romping in Aquatic Park Beach with Jeff and Ina before the newspapers picked up on Jeff and his quest .
I am not exactly your typical old dude prude .
(( I just had a computer crash .
COMMENT about my website provider WORDPRESS ’s word processor ) I just spent two hours creating a beautiful html chart showing in considerable detail a much better proof for the above speculative assertions .
Before updating I did a ctrl - a , ctrl-c and then hit update .
I do this temporary backup because several times in the past all my work was lost when I clicked the “ post ” button .
Perhaps this time I hit ctrl - a , ctrl-v and that inadvertently replaced all my work with blank because nothing was in temporary memory .
In any case everything that was part of my new stuff was lost .
This is a serious flaw with Windows and with word processors !
It could be easily fixed by having the temporary ctrl-c have several layers deep of backup .
I will now redo that chart but in a safer way by posting the blank chart to the internet and then filling it in .
Thus for a while there will be a work chart in progress .
Possibly my problem was created by my moving my cursor - mouse - pointer off of the UPDATE button between clicking it and releasing it .
I do n’t know what actually happened . ) )
Before Present World Population % growth 100 yr Doubling time 100,000 10,000 – – 30,000 500,000 0.56 12,403 10,000 6,000,000 1.25 5,580 5,000 50,000,000 4.33 1,635 3,000 120,000,000 4.47 1,583 2,000 250,000,000 7.62 944 1,000 250,000,000 0.00 – 800 400,000,000 26.49 295 600 375,000,000 - 3.18 slight shrinkage 400 578,000,000 24.15 320 300 680,000,000 17.65 427 200 954,000,000 40.29 205 100 1,634,000,000 71.28 129 50 2,530,000,000 139.74 79 0 6,000,000,000 462,42 40
This is chart is copied by hand from Maps of Time , page 143 , by David Christian .
This chart is much more carefully compiled than my quick estimates done above , and it shows even more clearly the idea that until very recently no one would notice a population growth .
When the first pyramids of Egypt were built 5000 years ago , the % growth was 4.33 per 100 years and so with a life expectancy of 25 years a person living in a town of 100 people would have seen 101 people at their death .
With infant mortality being high a single extra person in a small town would be invisible even to a modern statistician .
Whereas at present , with a life expectancy of 80 years for women and a doubling time of 40 years , the community of 100 people would have doubled twice and be about 400 people .
People living to old age will have seen extraordinary growth !
It has been tolerated in the modern world because there was an abundance of everything for everyone .
Such growth is what ’s happening now , and not to a just a single small village , but to our entire Earth .
Our current pattern of population growth is a temporary phenomenon .
Things are much better now than they have ever been .
MALCOLM TURNBULL has embraced a more conciliatory tone on climate change policy , conceding that Tony Abbott 's alternative scheme , which he once ridiculed as ' ' bullshit ' ' , had positive aspects and could work in the short term .
Mr Turnbull , who has reversed his decision to quit politics , complimented the Coalition policy during a speech to the NSW Bar Association last night .
The speech followed a tough day for Mr Abbott , who came under government attack and internal criticism for telling voters not to believe everything he says .
The government , which has been under pressure over its own broken promises , including the abandonment of the emissions trading scheme , moved to turn the tables on Mr Abbott , accusing him of watering down two policy commitments after his revelation on truth the night before .
Mr Abbott , who previously mooted lifting the means test Labor placed on the baby bonus and family tax payments , said yesterday the Coalition would now keep the means test because the budget could not afford to remove it .
Many people do not know that the internet in Australia is already heavily censored , even before the Rudd Government 's plan for mandatory ISP filtering is implemented .
In fact , Australia almost undoubtedly has the most restrictive internet censorship regime in the Western world .
Under amendments made to the Broadcasting Services Act in 1999 , material rated as low as MA - 15 + can be prohibited .
More details are available here .
In particular , material is prohibited if :
( a ) the content has been classified RC or X 18 + by the Classification Board ; or
( b ) both :
( i ) the content has been classified R 18 + by the Classification Board ; and
( ii ) access to the content is not subject to a restricted access system ;
The penalty for hosting prohibited material , or even linking to it , can be a fine of $ 11,000 per day .
The saving graces of the system are twofold .
Firstly , that the Australian Communications and Media Authority do not proactively go looking for such material , but respond to complaints from the public only .
Secondly , if content is not hosted inside Australia , the material goes on a blacklist but this blacklist is not enforced in any real way .
Thus , despite the millions spent every year on the system , it 's pretty ineffective at accomplishing anything but occasionally causing somebody to sign up with an overseas web hosting company instead of one inside Australia .
Nevertheless , the system can have consequences .
EFA recently tested some of those consequences .
In May 2009 , EFA published this blog post discussing the current censorship regime in the context of the new filtering system soon to be introduced .
As part of that discussion , we included a link to a page on American website abortiontv.com that we discovered was on ACMA 's blacklist .
Abortion being a sensitive political issue , we felt it illustrated the dangers of internet censorship in general and a secret blacklist in particular .
Furthermore , since discussion site Whirlpool had received a notice instructing them to delete the link , we thought it highlighted the serious way in which internet content in Australia is already regulated .
Shortly thereafter , EFA 's web host at the time , Sublime IP , received a " Link Deletion Notice " of their own , for the link contained in the EFA post hosted on their servers .
They contacted us , and given the fines involved , EFA complied .
( The post in question is still redacted . )
Despite removing the link , EFA felt that there were several problems with the way ACMA proceeded to issue the notice , and we encouraged Sublime to request a review of the decision before the Administrative Appeals Tribunal ( AAT ) .
Because Sublime , not EFA , were the recipients of the notice , we could n't directly appeal ourselves , and although we wrote to ACMA inviting them to issue the notice to us instead , they declined to do so .
Sublime , with advice from EFA , took the case to the AAT and argued the case before Deputy President Handley in April this year .
Our case was twofold .
Firstly , given the article was political in nature and the content that was linked to was done as a demonstration of the political effects of censorship policy , we argued that the decision contravened the implied right of freedom of political communication in the constitution .
Secondly , it was argued that EFA , not Sublime , should have been issued the notice as EFA were the authors of the content , controlled its delivery , and met the definitions under the law of the responsible party .
Last week , the AAT handed down its decision , upholding ACMA 's decision to both issue the notice and to issue it to Sublime instead of EFA .
On the issue of freedom of political communication , Schedule 7 of the Broadcasting Services Act , which details the censorship system in question , has a specific exemption in cl 121 , which states :
(1) This Schedule does not apply to the extent ( if any ) that it would infringe any constitutional doctrine of implied political communication .
This right has been recognised by the High Court in several landmark decisions in the 1990s .
In order for a law to contravene this implied right , it must effectively burden speech while not having a constitutionally appropriate and legitimate end of its own .
Considering this , in his decision Deputy President Handley wrote :
In the Tribunal ’s view , imposing restrictions on access to the internet , in some instances , could effectively burden communication about government or political matters .
It is common knowledge that the law concerning the practice of abortion is a sensitive political matter .
It is possible that opponents of the practice might wish to use material including pictures or images of aborted foetuses as a means of educating ( and shocking ) members of the public about the results of the practice .
Thus , an executive decision that restricts access to such material could effectively burden communication about government or political matters .
However , the tribunal found " any constraint on communications was , in our view , minor and left the words penned by the author of the article untouched . "
Furthermore , because the page in question was rated R - 18 + , we could have put the link behind an elaborate " Restricted Access System " to identify web users , and that - since Australian citizens need to be 18 to vote anyway - this would not have restricted political discussion either .
As to whether the Link Deletion Notice should have been issued to EFA instead of Sublime , we argued that it would be very unlikely that most web hosting companies would take the trouble to appeal any such content removal notices by ACMA , thus depriving the material 's authors ( their customers ) of the right to contest a decision that affected their speech .
Indeed , the Tribunal did find that there was some merit to this argument and that EFA qualified as a " Links Service Provider " under the Act , and could have been the recipient of the notice .
However , since Sublime also qualified , ACMA had acted in accordance with the law in issuing the notice to them .
We are disappointed but not surprised by this decision , which we feel highlights many issues with the current system .
Those who choose to can simply move their content overseas or change the address of the web page in question , leaving those who abide by the spirit of the law to remove their material , or have it removed for them by their provider .
From the leak of the blacklist , we saw that many of the sites on there were far from obscene , but contained all manner of harmless , controversial and borderline political material .
This raises enormous concerns .
Could debate and culture thrive in Australia if all R- rated material was effectively blocked ?
Finally , we note that compared to the announced plans of the Government to require their censorship to move to mandatory , real - time blocking of RC - rated prohibited material , even the current system is relatively benign .
When the material blocked is hosted overseas , nobody will even receive the courtesy of a letter from the Government informing them of the decision .
It will simply go on a secret blacklist , with as yet unknown remedies for appeal and rectification mistakes .
We hope that despite the Tribunal 's decision , this case has highlighted the need for extreme caution in censoring material in a medium as dynamic and important as the internet .
Lately , it seems as though there 's a new drug raid outrage being reported almost anytime I check my email .
It just never stops , and yet the drug soldiers responsible for it all continue to find new ways of shocking our conscience :
In the wake of a series of raids last week targeting a Tacoma medical - marijuana dispensary , a Kitsap County mother is claiming that drug cops mistreated her son , took money from her daughter , and trashed her house .
…
And as the detectives looked for cash to prove that the dispensary was illegally profiting from pot sales , Casey says , they confiscated $ 80 that her 9 - year - old daughter had received from her family for a straight - A report card .
Where did they find it ?
In the girl 's Mickey Mouse wallet , according to Casey .
She also claims that the cops dumped out all her silverware , busted a hole in the wall , and broke appliances .
[ Seattle Weekly ]
I guess stealing a child 's money is better than shooting dogs right in front of them , but it 's still utterly disgusting and horrible behavior that no one should be experiencing at the hands of public servants .
This is exactly the sort of thing police are supposed to prevent from happening to people and yet , thanks to the drug war , they are actually carrying out these atrocities and calling it a good day 's work .
To top it all off , officers also seized 200 petition signatures for a ballot campaign to legalize marijuana in Washington State .
So in addition to ransacking private homes and robbing children , they 're interfering with democratic efforts to stop them from terrorizing more families in the future .
But do n't worry , folks .
I 'm sure it's all just a big misunderstanding and nothing like this will ever happen again .
Think you 're buying that game on OnLive ?
Think again .
OnLive launched yesterday , but you might want to think twice before buying any content on the service .
OnLive gives subscribers the choice of either renting a game for a few dollars , or paying a little more - up to $ 60 for AAA titles - for unlimited access .
While playing games on the service requires an active subscription , an account can be suspended by the user at any time and for any reason .
Should an account remain suspended for 12 months , however , OnLive will automatically close it , resulting in the loss of all content .
Sections 12 and 13 of the OnLive Terms of Service state : " OnLive will close your Account if it not resumed within twelve ( 12 ) months of the last suspension ...
Closing your Account will immediately and permanently terminate your access to the Service using the closed Account ; immediately and permanently terminate your access to all content , messages ... or anything that may be of value directly or indirectly associated with the Account , if any , whether purchased or not . "
There 's plenty to be excited about with OnLive , but unless you 're willing to pay for the service forever , I 'd think long and hard before buying anything on it .
You might decide that some games are worth your cash - and not all games will cost $ 60 - as long as you are n't under any illusions that your purchases are yours to keep .
Source : Dvice
June 3 , 2010 -- Raj Patel , author of The Value of Nothing and Stuffed and Starved , interviewed by Jill Hickson and Simon Cunich for Green Left Weekly and Links International Journal of Socialist Renewal .
Patel discusses corporate dominance of global food production and battles to create democratic and sustainable food systems .
Chapters :
0:00 Stuffed and Starved
3:02 Who benefits from high food prices ?
3:44 Another global food crisis ?
6:27 Australia 's role in the world food system
9:19 Is sustainable agriculture viable ?
10:44 Food sovereignty and La Via Campesina
13:39 Land reform
16:46 Sustainable agriculture in Cuba
19:15 Supermarket organics
20:50 Slow food
22:25 The local food movement .
By Janelle Weaver
The indifference of some mosquitoes to a common insect repellent is due to an easily inherited genetic trait that can be rapidly evolved by later generations , a new study suggests .
By selective breeding , James Logan and colleagues at Rothamsted Research in Harpenden , UK , created strains of Aedes aegyptimosquitoes in which half of the females do not respond to DEET ( N, N - diethyl - meta - toluamide ) -- a powerful insect repellent .
They suggest that this rapidly evolved insensitivity is due to a single dominant gene -- one that confers resistance even if the trait is inherited from only one parent .
The researchers have not identified the gene that they propose is responsible for DEET resistance , or precise details about its workings .
They did , however , find a type of odour - sensing cell that responds to DEET in most mosquitoes but is less sensitive to the repellent in the resistant ones .
Their findings are reported today in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
" That there might actually be a gene lurking in the background in mosquitoes that causes DEET resistance is the single most surprising result , " says Leslie Vosshall , who was not involved with the study and who investigates the neural and genetic basis of odour perception in mosquitoes at the Rockefeller University in New York City .
" This has n't really been reported before . "
Propagating pests
Aedes aegypti is a species of mosquito that causes yellow fever , dengue fever and other viral diseases .
Its blood - sucking females are not all cowed by DEET : around 13 % of the laboratory populations tested by Logan 's team would land on human arms covered in the repellent .
Researchers had previously found weak evidence that DEET resistance could be inherited in these mosquitoes , says John Brookfield , a coauthor of the paper and a geneticist at the University of Nottingham .
But after picking out the DEET - insensitive females , the team found that in a single generation of breeding with untested males , they could create a strain where 50 % of the females did not respond to DEET .
That proportion remained relatively stable across subsequent generations of selective breeding .
This fast pickup and later stability suggests that a single gene , rather than an aggregation of multiple genetic traits , is key for DEET detection , Brookfield says -- at least , in the population the researchers studied .
And when the nonresistant mosquitoes were later mated with the resistant population , around half of their offspring were insensitive to DEET -- suggesting that the gene is dominant .
A previous study on the fruitfly , Drosophila melanogaster , had found that a nondominant trait could lead to inherited DEET resistance .
Insensitive types
Trying to narrow down what the gene could be doing , the researchers focused on the odour - sensing cells found in antennae , which are known to detect DEET and other chemicals .
Though some studies have suggested that DEET works by jamming neurons that sense human odours , others have picked out neurons which seem to specifically respond to DEET .
The team found that odour - sensing cells in general were less sensitive to DEET in resistant females compared with cells in nonresistant females .
But they also spotted one type of neuron that showed distinctly lower responses to high DEET concentrations in the repellent - insensitive females .
Any gene responsible for this effect might alter that cell so that it could not recognize DEET or it might mutate an odorant - binding protein that delivers DEET to a receptor , the team speculates .
Vosshall says that the study shows there is a genetic basis for sensing DEET but it does n't resolve how the resistance works .
" What remains to be shown is a causal link between the effects on the antenna and insensitivity to DEET , " she says .
The authors excluded from their analysis one set of neurons that were missing in insensitive mosquitoes , she points out , which could explain why they could not sense DEET .
Whatever the molecular mechanisms involved turn out to be , the study further affirms that repellents like DEET may lead to resistance over time if used to control mosquito - borne disease on a large scale , says Logan .
He next wants to test the evolution of DEET sensitivity using wild populations of mosquitoes , including those that spread malaria .
" We 're not saying that repellents should n't be used , " he says .
" But we have to understand how they work before we can use them properly . "
Add your picture to our Flickr group of messages to the new prime minister and deputy PM
Eighteen months ago , on the morning after Obama 's historic presidential victory in the US , we created a Flickr group called A Message for Obama , in which we encouraged web users to submit images of their personal messages to the president - elect before he took up office .
Within a week , we had a thousand images , covering a range of hopes , fears and instructions , from Guardian readers and Flickr users all over the world .
Within three weeks , we 'd collaborated with participants to publish a book of images as a unique record of the way people were feeling and what they were thinking in the days after the election .
Looking back at the images in the Flickr group pool , and flicking through the book , you can't help but be reminded what a great sense of anticipation there was in global reaction to the result .
A Guardian message to Obama .
Photograph : guardian.co.uk
Flash forward to today , when after a tumultuous ( and extended ) election , we find ourselves at the dawn of a different kind of political reality in the UK – coalition government .
It 's historical in its own right , certainly interesting , and with just as many questions and concerns surrounding it as the American election of 2008 .
With that in mind , we 've created a new Flickr group : A message for Cameron / Clegg and invite you to submit photos of your message to our new Con-Lib Dem coalition government .
What would you like them to do first ?
Or not forget ?
Where should they focus their attention and energy while the coalition is working ?
To participate , just follow the steps below :
1 . Write your message on a bit of paper ( or an envelope , or a post - it - note , or a napkin , or your hand ... or anything at all ) .
Write it clearly so we can read it *
2 . Take a picture ( even a cameraphone or webcam shot will do )
3 . Add it to the group on Flickr
We 'll feature some of our favourites here on guardian .
co.uk
* Please try and keep it constructive / civil .
That does n't mean your message has to be positive or even particularly nice , but we'd like messages to be appropriate for a diverse audience , which means we 'd rather you avoided being very offensive if you can help it .
There are loads of other places on the web where you can upload doctored photos of the party leaders , your opinions of the election , parties and so on , but this group is not for them .
Sorry .
The 2 - year - old son of former NFL quarterback Randall Cunningham has died in an apparent accidental drowning in the hot tub at the family home in Las Vegas .
The Las Vegas Review - Journal reports that Christian Cunningham , who would have turned 3 in December , died after being found floating in the backyard hot tub .
Randall Cunningham is pastor of Remnant Ministries and performs baptisms in the hot tub at his home , the paper reports .
He was not home at the time .
According to the report , a woman at Cunningham ’s house was with several children when she found Christian at about 4:30 p.m .
The woman pulled Christian out and began performing CPR until paramedics arrived , and he was taken to St. Rose Dominican Hospital , where he died .
Cunningham went to UNLV and played 16 seasons in the NFL , making four Pro Bowls .
He retired following the 2001 season .
Fixed - gear bicycles are the scourge of modern bike fashion .
Actually , fixies are almost nothing but fashion .
If you took a swaying , brainless , gazelle - like catwalk model and turned her into a bike , a fixie is what you ’d get .
It ’s not enough that these cred-machines do n’t even work well as city bikes — their track - bike heritage means that they have but one gear , no freewheel and no brakes — no , the riders have to take things even further and load up their rides with all manner of style - mandated extras .
In fact , so much like a cult is the fixie " movement " that we would n’t be surprised to see the FBI get involved , right before the whole fixie underground goes up in flames , barricaded into a San
Fransisco coffee shop and dressed in ironic T - shirts .
Here is a list of the five worst fixie fashion faux pas :
Photo : Incase Designs / Flickr
__
__
Top Tube Pad
These were first seen on BMX bikes back in the 1980s , and did about as much good than as today .
A thin foam cylinder wrapped around the top - tube does little to protect the family jewels from a whack , but it does at least protect the knees from a knock when you bail on a 360 º endo .
For a fixie , though , it is nothing more than posing — if the riders were that worried about safety , they ’d buy a front brake .
Photo : richardmasoner / Flickr
Cards in Spokes
Why ?
This is the bike equivalent of wearing a top - hat with the ace of spades tucked into the band — foolish teen - minded posturing which serves as nothing more than an in joke between equally feeble - brained " insiders . "
If the perpetrators would make one simple modification , clipping the card to the frame with a clothespin and letting it rattle against the spokes , at least their rides would sound like a motorbike .
Well , maybe not a motorbike , but at least we ’d hear them coming so we could look away and deprive them of their life - blood : attention .
Photo : richardmasoner / Flickr
The Mag Wheel
I ’m not sure if these are even still called mag wheels , but they were back in the ' 80s when the coolest BMXs had Skyways or Zytecs on them .
They may have looked dumb even back then , but at least they matched — you bought a pair and put them front and back .
Today , these plastic wheels have grown to road - bike size and are only ever found on the front .
There is actually a reason for this .
Cycle couriers , the deities of fixie fashion , use these five - spoked wheels so they can more quickly sling a chain through the front wheel .
As always , fixie riders took the form but not the function , so we have to contend with this eyesore .
Photo : Seth W. / Flickr
Handlebars
There are many variations on the mindless mutilation of fixie ' bars .
It seems that the less practical and more uncomfortable , the better .
Standout mods include handlebar tape ( or the lack of — the less the better , especially in winter ) and the " flop - and - chop , " which means that you flip your drop handlebars in the head and cut the ends off , often resulting in something a matador would be scared to face .
One evergreen favorite is to trim the bars down to an unusable length , barely wide enough to contain your two hands .
This is also a courier hand - me - down — the pros do it so they can slip between close - packed cars in traffic .
Fixie riders do it to " keep it real . "
Photo : elecnix / Flickr
The Brooks Saddle
I ’m not going to knock the Brookes Saddle — I have one on my Dutch city bike .
But the old - style seats look quite ridiculous on a modern , clean - lined fixie .
And clean - lined it is :
While removing fenders , brakes , gears cables and pretty much everything else does nothing for safety or comfort , it does make for a spare , cool - looking machine .
Unless , of course , it has an old - fashioned , leather and spring seat on there .
This is , like all fixie fashion , just plain odd .
Photo : cleverchimp / Flickr
Oh , and there is more .
We have n’t even touched on the ironic pie plate ( a subject handled gracefully by Bike Snob NYC ) or the unhealthy obsession with gear ratios .
And is it just me or do you hardly ever see somebody actually riding a fixie ?
The phenomenon has started to invade my home town of Barcelona in Spain , and I see more and more of the things every day .
And they are all being pushed along the sidewalk .
This is the first in a series of posts about the fundamentals of aquascaping .
I 'm posting these because I 've found them very helpful in creating an aesthetically pleasing aquascape .
They are by no means the " rules " of aquascaping , just guides .
When you 're planning out an aquascape , one of the most important aspects
is where it will draw the viewer 's gaze .
In fact , a viewer 's gaze is what the aquascape is all about .
The primary goal of an aquascape is to be pleasing , relaxing , and interesting to look at for the viewer .
In order to do so , you need to set a sort of " anchor " for the mind .
This is called the focal point .
It is the point that draws the
gaze of the viewer first , from which they can explore the rest of the tank .
A focal point can consist of almost anything , from a red leaved plant to a roc
k or a p
iece of driftwood .
The only thing it must do is draw attention .
You can't have a plant that blends in with every other plant be the focal point , you have to make it stand out in som
e way .
There are a few simple things to remember about a focal point .
First , there should only be one .
Having more than one focal point leaves the mind uncomfortable and stressed , looking back and forth from focal point to focal point .
Only in extremely large tanks may you have two focal points comfortably .
Second , you should have some sort of focal point in every aquascape .
Not having any does the same as having too many :
the viewer 's eyes are left wandering back and forth , stressed and uncomfortable .
Third , the focal point should be placed in a very particular ( and special ! ) location .
This is where we come to
the Golden Rule of aquscaping .
This Golden Rule dates all the way back to the Gree
ks .
It s
eems the they came up with a theory that the ratio 1:1.618 was the most pleasing to the human eye .
Many people assume that plopping the focal point in the middle is most pleasing , however , this will again keep your eyes wandering left and right .
By placing it slightly off center , you are effectively gent
ly guiding the viewer 's eyes .
You 'll see this Golden Rule used in all forms of art , from paintings to architecture .
But how do you use this Golden Rule in the aquarium ?
It 's actually fairly easy .
All you need is a measuring tape ( or r
uler ) and a calculator .
Simply measure your tank lengthwise from one end to the other .
Then divide t
hat number by 2.618 .
A 29 gallon tank , as an example , is 30 inches wide .
30 divided by 2.618 is 11.45 inches .
Now take your measuring tape again and measure 11.45 inches from one side of the tank
( you can measure from either side , but which side to put the focal point on is up to you ) .
At exactly 11.45 inches exists an imaginary line .
This is where your focal point should be centered .
BEIJING -- A 13 - year - old American boy became the youngest
climber to reach the top of Mount Everest on Saturday , breaking the record as part of his quest to climb the highest peaks on
all seven continents .
A spokesman for Jordan Romero said the boy 's team called him by
satellite phone from the summit of the world 's highest mountain ,
29,035 feet above sea level .
" Their dreams have now come true .
Everyone sounded unbelievably
happy , " a new statement on Romero 's blog said Saturday morning .
Jordan Romero , 13 , from Big Bear , Calif. , supplants Nepal 's Temba Tsheri , who reached Everest 's peak as a 16 - year - old .
SAM TAYLOR / AFP / Getty Images
The teenager with long curly hair -- who climbed Mount
Kilimanjaro in Africa when he was 10 years old -- has said he was
inspired by a painting in his school hallway of the seven
continents ' highest summits .
" Every step I take is finally toward the biggest goal of my
life , to stand on top of the world , " Romero said in an earlier
post on his blog .
The record for the youngest climber to scale Everest had been
held by Temba Tsheri of Nepal , who reached the peak at age 16 .
" I 'm just very proud of him , " Romero 's mother told The
Associated Press by telephone just before he reached the peak , as
she watched his progress online on a live GPS tracker .
When asked what she would say to him once he reached the summit ,
she started crying : " I can't really say that .
It 's just
emotional . "
Romero , from Big Bear , Calif. , was climbing Everest with his
father , his father 's girlfriend and three Sherpa guides .
He left
for the peak from the base camp on the Chinese side .
Everest was Jordan Romero's first challenge above 26,240 feet .
Unlike neighboring Nepal , the other approach to Everest , China
has no age limit for climbers .
Romero registered with Chinese
officials in April , said Zhang Mingxing , secretary general of China
Tibet Mountaineering Association .
No interview with Romero will be possible until he returns to
advance base camp , which could take a couple of days , said Rob
Bailey , the U.S. - based spokesman for the teenager 's climbing team .
Climbers stay overnight at three or four camps before the summit ,
depending on their route and pace .
The team planned to do something special for Romero at the
mountaintop but was keeping it a surprise even from him , Bailey
said .
Fixed players seeing cloaked Spies when they should be fully cloaked
Updated the Homewrecker
It now damages enemy sappers on friendly buildings
Fixed items not displaying correctly while playing back a demo
Badge hire dates now display the time in GMT
Updates to Team Fortress 2 have been released .
The updates will be applied automatically when your Steam client is restarted .
The major changes include :
In today 's 24/7 news cycle , every politician is under a microscope :
An accidental yawn during the " Star Spangled Banner , " a picture capturing a glance at a passing woman 's cleavage , a summer in college spent performing panda abortions ; the public is willing to hamstring you for even the slightest , most well - intentioned violations .
So when it 's revealed that a politician has a legitimately reprehensible history -- the kind of past that no one , regardless of political affiliation , could defend -- surely their career is over .
Unless , you know , the voting public just straight does n't give a shit .
5 Wilbur Mills
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
As chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee , Arkansas Congressman Wilbur Mills , 65 , savored his reputation as the most powerful man in Congress .
He also savored a nice cold drink and some pipin ' hot stripper - crotch :
On October 7 , 1974 , Washington D.C. police stopped a car for driving with no headlights .
Mills emerged from the vehicle , bleeding and intoxicated -- standard fare for a politician these days .
Hell , we'd be concerned if there was a politician who did n't periodically emerge from vehicles drunk and wounded .
It 's the same reason why Disneyland is creepy : if the facade is that squeaky clean , they must be really good at hiding the seriously dark shit .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
But things jumped to Andy Dick - levels when a local stripper booted open the passenger side door , sprinted out of the car and leapt into the nearby waters of the Tidal Basin and began fucking swimming away in an attempt to escape .
The woman , who performed under the stage name " Fanne Foxe , the Argentine Firecracker " was arrested and taken to the hospital for the two black eyes that she had received from Mills in a prior escape attempt .
That 's right , the epically panicked suicide - fleeing was n't from the cops , it was from the politician !
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Obviously , she later admitted to a sexual relationship with the married , 65 - year - old congressman .
That 's par for the course for a politician , but the beatings and implied whore - napping are what really set Mills apart from the pack .
Voters ' ( Ill - Advised ) Response :
Mills was reelected to Congress with nearly 60 percent of the vote .
Less than a month after reelection , Mills rewarded the voters ' trust by drunkenly joining Foxe ( yes , they got back together ; you just can't keep star - crossed lovers apart , even if those stars are from the repeated punches to the face she gets for trying to exit his Corvette ) onstage at The Pilgrim Theatre in Boston , a burlesque house where Foxe was performing .
He then held a press conference from Foxe 's dressing room .
Online Since 1997 .
What 's the Ideal Sailing Rig ...?
Kasten Marine Design , Inc .
Copyright 2001 - 2020 Michael Kasten
Rig Choice
Cat , Sloop ; Cutter ; Ketch ; Schooner ... these are the basic configurations .
How shall we choose among them ?
The type of rig is often a pre-ordained choice once one has determined vessel size , the preferred layout , and the maximum size of sail one can handle .
While this may seem somewhat heretical at first , there is no arguing the fact that no one wants a mast in the middle of their double berth ...!
Therefore , if a double berth right forward is a priority , it is likely to rule out the schooner rig on a vessel under around 50 feet .
For that layout , we would instead tend toward the ketch or cutter rig .
On a fairly small vessel though , we might make excellent use of the Cat rig .
How shall we choose ?
It is always a benefit to windward performance to limit the number of sails .
A cutter will perform better for example than a ketch or a schooner due to there being less windage in the rig , in other words less drag , and less turbulence introduced per sail area by the masts .
Since lift is important for windward sailing , one might then ask which sails provide the most lift ...?
The answer to this depends on the sail rig , and on the relative proportion of total sail area given to each sail .
Since headsails can be varied , their relative contribution to overall lift can be varied as well .
It also tends to be that area for area a headsail will provide more lift than a sail mounted on a mast , mainly due to the turbulence caused by the mast .
However that can be mitigated by the use of dual - skinned sails that create a true foil with one sail on each side of the mast , as is done on the Ljungstrom rig .
Why would we consider a split rig then ?
In nearly all cases this choice boils down to the simple question , " What is the maximum size sail you are comfortable handling ? "
In answering this question honestly , we nearly always discover that on all but the smallest of boats , for general cruising we will probably be better off with a split rig , such as a ketch or schooner .
This will serve to limit the size of the main sail for easier sail handling , and still allow a generous overall sail area .
It will also give us the benefit of having a rig that is less tall , so better able to be supported .
Rather than having a preference for any one rig type , I believe this question will best be answered during the course of developing a design .
The rig should naturally be suited to the specific purpose for which the vessel is being developed .
The following is intended to shed some light on these questions ...
Racing or Voyaging ...?
We know that lift is important when sailing to windward , across the wind on a reach , and possibly as far off as a broad reach , but not so much when sailing directly off the wind .
The farther off the wind you sail from 90 degrees , the less important is lift , and the more important is drag .
Of additional importance is a vessel 's handling and steering behavior .
These factors result in two extremes ... and a middle path ...
RACING
For racing , it is important to maximize lift and mimimize drag so that windward efficiency is achieved .
Given that racing yachts must maximize lift , the aspect ratio of their sails and their keels are designed to be at the maximum that the boat can carry .
The more time the boat will spend sailing to windward , the more important its windward performance becomes .
Since most races are won / lost on the windward leg , maximizing aspect ratio , and therefore maximizing the amount of lift to drag , that wins the race .
However , with many such boats fairly severe handling problems can arise due to the fact that a higher aspect rig exerts a greater turning moment on the vessel as it fills with wind .
In other words , the taller mast provides a longer lever with which to turn the boat to windward .
The keel does the same , i.e. a deeper keel provides a longer lever with which to resist and augment the windward - turning force of the sails .
This tends to make the boat relatively stable to windward , with both forces in balance , but makes the vessel very unwieldy and hard to manage down wind .
Along with the enhanced windward performance provided by high aspect sails comes rather poor off - wind performance , therefore the use of big spinnakers on racing boats in order to make up for the poor efficiency of the high aspect sails off the wind .
This comes at an additional price in terms of steering stability .
Moreover , spinnakers themselves are not so easy to handle , nor so well behaved .
Often the boat itself is not optimum for off - wind sailing .
For example , the usual wide , shoal body , fat - transom racing type with a deep fin keel and spade rudder will always be unstable downwind , especially when flying a spinnaker , requiring constant attention at the helm .
VOYAGING
By contrast , since any long distance sailing adventure will be specifically planned to take advantage of following winds , or at the very least to make use of favorable winds , if a vessel ’s design is to be optimized for sailing with the wind , the aspect ratio should be reduced .
In fact , the best sail rig for off - wind voyaging is the square rig , with an aspect ratio of one .
In combination with the low aspect sail rig , the keel should also be low aspect , i.e. long , spread out , and not too deep .
This is for the sake of steering stability ; to match the aspect ratio of the sails ; and so the boat is not so easily tripped by its keel and rolled over in a beam sea .
Although this combination is perfect for running in the trade winds for weeks on end , it can hardly be recommended for sailing well to windward ...
MODERATION
Naturally , no modern sailing vessel ALWAYS sails off the wind even if it will be primarily used for voyaging .
Neither extreme is appropriate , therefore a compromise is needed .
If a boat is to be optimized for all - around sailing , including voyaging , it makes no sense whatever to provide the kind of high aspect rig optimized to win a round - the - buoys race .
Nor does it make any sense to do the opposite , i.e. provide a square rig and long shoal keel .
The best is somewhere in - between , i.e. with an aspect ratio for the sails on the order of that recommended below .
In order to match the aspect ratio of the sail rig , the keel should also be something in - between , thus a cut - away forefoot and reduced wetted area , without becoming too deep , nor too long and shallow .
This moderate configuration will provide good efficiency all around , the sails will be less tall and easier to handle , and the hull will be better able to provide the all - important course keeping ability desired for ocean crossings .
What About Windward Performance ?
To reiterate the above , if the keel is very long and shoal , and the rig is similarly low and spread out with gaffs and bowsprits and multiple masts ( say like a mid-1800's US coastal fishing schooner ) then provided there is adequate sail area , performance will usually be excellent when reaching or running , but less than optimum to windward .
At the opposite extreme ( disregarding hull form for now ) is a deep high - aspect fin keel , with a tall high - aspect Marconi sloop rig .
This type of vessel will ordinarily perform very well to windward , but will be quite inferior on other points of sailing , requiring spinnakers and a sizable inventory of reaching and running sails .
As noted above , these are two extremes .
Given all that we have learned about windward sailing since the days of old , there is no reason to suffer poor windward performance on any vessel , nor poor off - wind performance necessitating a large sail inventory ( read expense and hassle ) often accompanied by poor down - wind handling .
There is a wide middle ground ...!
Examples among my designs that have maximized voyaging ability , but still have reasonably good windward ability , are Redpath , and Zephyr , both excellent for voyaging .
If one were to take the keel design on those vessels just a few notches farther toward reducing wetted surface , but still good for voyaging , you have a keel configuration like that on Jasmine , with separate keel and combination skeg / rudder .
In each of these designs , a modern NACA foil keel and modest aspect rig has been provided for the sake of all around sailing both on and off the wind , and good steering stability .
If one were to take this a few steps farther in the direction of windward performance , a configuration like that shown for my prototype design called Sonja makes good sense , in this case having a NACA foil bulb keel and a NACA foil spade rudder .
It is worth mentioning that Sonja is not yet a completed design , and when finalized might have a slightly deeper keel , although possibly not .
The reason to be equivocal on this point is because the bulb on the keel bottom acts as an “ end- plate ” effectively doubling the aspect ratio of the keel without having to make it deeper ...
If it is desired to not have a bowsprit , then in order to achieve adequate sail area the rig must simply become taller yet , and the keel deeper .
Quantifying Performance
The type of rig one chooses will certainly have an effect on performance , as will the amount of sail area .
For maximum performance , there is much benefit to be had with a good hull and keel design , and with well proportioned and well cut sails .
We tend to observe many older vessel types which may have neither optimum hull design nor well proportioned sails , and then pass judgment on the type without considering those mitigating factors .
Instead , we should look at the components of good cruising performance , and optimize the hull and sails to suit those highly specialized requirements .
Aspect Ratio is defined as the height of the sail squared , divided by the area of the sail .
A perfectly square sail would have an A/R of 1 .
A 450 sq. ft. triangular sail with an A/R of 6 would have a 52 ' luff and a 17 ' boom .
They are both extremes .
It is well known that higher aspect sails produce greater lift when close hauled .
It not so widely known however that high aspect sails stall much more readily as the angle of attack widens .
As A/R gets higher , sails get less and less efficient at pulling when anywhere but close hauled .
For racing , where windward performance is of prime importance , it has been shown that an aspect ratio greater than 6 is of little use on monohull racing craft .
An appropriate range for optimum windward sailing will be an A/R of from 4 to 6 .
A polar diagram showing lift vs. drag plotted for sails having the same area but differing aspect ratios very graphically shows that the favored lift / drag position is quickly handed off to shorter and shorter rigs as a sail is eased .
If you would like see this data graphically presented , please have a look at the Aero - hydrodynamics of Sailing by Marchaj , p. 444 , Fig. 2.138 , also shown below ...
A study of this data shows that the most favorable aspect ratios for ocean cruising , where all - around performance is the goal , an aspect ratio from 2.5 to 3.5 is very appropriate , with an approximate upper limit of around A/R 4 .
Naturally , these are not " hard " boundaries , only guidelines .
In most cases , a compromise is struck in consideration of the times inevitably spent sailing to windward and according to owner preference .
In the data presented by Marchaj in the above graph , the angle of incidence of the sail is plotted against lift vs drag .
A sail having an A/R of 6 performs exceedingly well at an angle of attack to the apparent wind of 10 degrees , where lift divided by drag ( L/D ) yields a ratio of around 8.5 .
At 10 degrees , a sail with A/R 3 has an L/D ratio of 6.5 .
At 15 degrees , the A/R 6 sail has an L/D ratio of 4.47 , and the A/R 3 sail has an L/D ratio of 4.5 .
At 20 degrees , the A/R 6 sail has an L/D ratio of 2.7 , while the A/R 3 sail has an L/D ratio of 3.3 , and so forth .
By the time an angle of attack of 30 degrees is reached , the favored position is handed off to a sail with an A/R of 1 ...!
Note that A/R as used here refers to the A/R of each individual sail .
If the A/R of each sail is , say 3 , when adding the sails together the overall height of the rig would not increase , but the overall base dimension WOULD increase , therefore the A/R of the whole rig would be less .
The optimum A/R discussed above - and as measured , discussed , and graphed by Marchaj as above - is that of each individual sail .
The salient point is that extremely high aspect sails are not " bad " sails , they are just not optimum for general ocean cruising where it is rare to be sailing dead to windward .
When required to do so , sails with an A / R of from 3 to 4 will perform quite well , in particular when eased off a few degrees .
The benefits of lower aspect sails become much more evident when performing the engineering stunts required to keep an A/R 6 sail 's mast from collapsing ..!
The simpler rigging made possible by lower aspect sails will be its own reward in terms of ease of construction , less rig stress , easier maintenance , and greater rig longevity .
Reduced maintenance and greater longevity ... the holy grail for cruisers ...!
Whether using a Bermuda rig , a " Marconi " rig , or a Gaff rig , the above factors encourage keeping aspect ratio of the individual sails under around 3.5 to 4 for an ocean cruising vessel .
To see an example of this type of modest Bermuda rig , please check out my Fantom design - a perfect all - around cruising vessel .
Rig choice is mainly a matter of assessing one 's priorities .
If those priorities tend toward racing , then the choices will be quite different than the choices made by a cruising sailor .
Keel Profile
If the rig is tall and the keel deep , the lever arm will be relatively longer from the center of lateral resistance to the center of effort of the sails , therefore the amount of horizontal lead of the CE forward of the CLR must be proportionately greater to compensate .
If on the other hand , the rig is kept fairly low , there will be less draft , and the ideal amount of lead will be much less , even though sail area and stiffness are not reduced .
For the best steering and course keeping behavior , and for the greatest overall structural strength , a long full keel offers the most benefit to the long distance cruising sailor .
This type of long and relatively shoal draft keel is ideally suited to the lower aspect sail rigs , say up to an aspect ratio of around 3.5 .
An example is my design Redpath , having relatively shoal draft and generous sail area , yet good sail carrying ability ( stiffness ) .
Other examples with similar A/R and keel configuration are Benrogin , Lucille 42 , Lucille 50 , Grace , Zephyr , and Shiraz designs .
For the ketch Shiraz , the rig height was limited to 60 ' off the water for convenience while traveling the ICW along the East Coast , and the draft was limited to 5 ' - 6 " for sailing in the Bahamas .
Since Shiraz is an aluminum vessel , there is actually greater sail carrying ability than necessary , so we have the option to give her more sail area , or we may on the other hand choose to keep the rig as - is and assume there will be an extra margin of safety when flying a mule or a spinnaker .
Taking the Shiraz a bit further in the direction of windward performance , we might increase the aspect ratio of the mains'l and mizzen , and deepen the keel .
At that point , it might be desirable to consider splitting the keel into a deeper portion to contain the ballast , then a shallow portion to contain the shaft alley , then another deeper portion to act as a skeg for the rudder .
This would allow a very efficient foil shaped " cruising fin " type of keel , and a similarly efficient combination skeg / rudder combination , while also limiting wetted surface .
When the aspect ratio of the sails becomes greater than around 3.5 , this kind of long " cruising fin " and skeg hung rudder will usually be preferred .
Primarily this choice will be made in order to deepen the keel ( and the ballast ) but to avoid extra wetted surface .
For quick maneuvering , this kind of keel will always be a bit more responsive .
The " cruising fin " keel , having a higher aspect ratio and therefore greater lift vs. drag , will naturally have better windward performance than a long and relatively shoal full keel .
If not carried to extremes , this will not materially degrade course keeping ability nor the strength of the keel and rudder .
Of course when the rig becomes very tall , the keel will become still deeper .
Windward performance will be improved , but performance on other points of sail will be degraded , as will course keeping ability .
Taken to its logical extreme with deep fin keel and spade rudder , when running in a sea of any size attention to the helm will be critical .
This is especially so with fast high aspect sea -going sleds having very fine entries and broad flat sections aft , where lack of attention to the helm may result in an instant broach .
While there is no question that this is exhilarating sailing , it can hardly be recommended for safe family cruising ...
For long passages with the helm unattended , a long and relatively shoal full keel will always be more steady than any other type .
For long distance cruising , a longer keel will " track " somewhat more like it is on rails .
In harbor , maneuvering turns will have a larger radius .
The tactic in that situation is to use a bit of reverse gear to take headway off the boat , then give it a burst in forward gear with the helm over , then another burst in reverse , etc .
With that , any full keel boat can be pivoted in her own length .
Rather than there being any right or wrong choice , the type of keel profile is a matter of preference , usually based on the type of sailing that is planned .
During the design process , once the preferred keel configuration and rig type are chosen , it is simply a matter of balancing them against each other in order to obtain the required lead for the sail area vs the lateral area , and to place the ballast where required for proper trim .
Regardless of whether a design is given a long full keel or a " cruising fin " keel , it will benefit performance both on and off the wind to make use of an efficient NACA foil shape .
The particular choice of foil type will depend on the keel profile in order to maximize lift , and minimize drag .
What About Winged Keels ...?
Should the cruising sailor consider a winged keel ...?
An excellent question .
The wing keel concept is not brand new .
It has come to us as an evolution of various approaches from the past .
For long full - keel applications , the idea was promoted by Henry Scheel from the 1960 's onward .
It became known as the " Scheel Keel " which has the form of a modified " bulb " along the base of the keel .
The particular configuration is to widen the base of the keel via a broadly curved keel bottom ( athwartships ) , with a concave return to the body of the keel above .
This creates both a large envelope for the ballast down low , without having to increase draft , and also provides an " end plate " to reduce the induced drag from eddy making at the base of the keel foil , effectively increasing the A/R of the keel without having to make it deeper ...
Among racers , this concept is transformed into a blade with a distinct " bulb " at the base containing the ballast .
This serves the same function as the Scheel type of arrangement , i.e. to lower the ballast and to reduce eddy making at the tip of the keel .
A few bulb keel examples can be seen on the 96 ' schooner Zebulun and the 50 ' ketch Sonja .
The further evolution of the simple bulb is a " bulb with wings . "
Quite a few combinations have been developed , including several that are aimed more at the cruiser / racer types .
In moulded fiberglass or cast lead , nearly any shape can be achieved .
In metal construction however , one of the basic challenges in order to keep building costs within bounds is to make use of shapes that are both easily fabricated , and that are also efficient in use .
For a cruising boat , an additional priority is to create a structure that is sufficiently robust to withstand serious abuse .
In metal construction , for the greatest economy of labor during fabrication ( i.e. the most bang for the buck ) the most reasonable approach is to make use of simple and distinct shapes , rather than " blended " surfaces as would be more typical with fiberglass construction .
For metal construction therefore , if a bulb is planned , it will ideally be a distinctly formed shape , attached to another distinctly formed shape , the keel foil .
If wings are provided on the ballast bulb , they will also ideally be distinct " appendages " having a long low aspect shape .
If a Scheel type of keel bottom is planned , then for ease of construction it will ideally make use of large diameter heavy wall tubing for the bottom shape , and sections of similar tubing for the concave " return " to the keel foil .
The cruising sailor empirically observes , " What sticks out , breaks off . "
To address that observation , appendages to the hull are approached with an extreme conservatism ...
With a winged keel , we have added an appendage to an appendage ...!
I believe an approach such as that taken by Scheel , or possibly a bulb or modest bulb / wing arrangement , will have the greatest merit for the long distance cruiser .
The primary requirement is that the boat be able to take the ground and heel right over on the hard without any chance of structural damage , for which the plain keel , the Scheel arrangement or the bulb keel are ideally suited .
Is the Gaff Rig Suited to Modern Cruising ...?
If windward sailing is of paramount importance then of course the Bermuda rig has much to recommend it .
For modern day cruising the gaff rig is often maligned .
In my view , for blue water voyaging the gaff rig has much to offer .
If a vessel 's keel is shaped efficiently and if the sails are cut for maximum efficiency on the wind and if the sail plan has been designed well , a gaff rigged boat will perform incredibly well , in many cases besting the performance of a high aspect ratio Marconi rigged boat .
This is especially so if one is sailing on any course other than a hard beat to windward .
A gaff rig provides the chance to set more sail area on a given length of mast .
For a given sail area the mast can be quite a bit shorter , so the mast will be that much stronger and will require less complex rigging to keep it in place .
The stiffness of a column is inversely proportional to the square of its length .
A mast that is twice as long will fail with only one fourth the load , therefore must be four times stronger .
One strategy is to use a heavier mast section .
The more typical approach is to divide the mast into several " panels " by the use of spreaders .
This is the " Marconi " rig .
It introduces more stress , more places for failure , more cost , more maintenance , etc .
For racing , this is of course justified .
For general cruising however , we can make a good case for keeping things simple and strong .
If set up simply , a traditional rig will be friendly and easy to use .
For example , one will be handling soft lines rather than harsh stainless wire and winches .
If the sails are laced , we will have eliminated sail track and other hardware , along with its relatively much greater expense .
This is not to say that one should be old fashioned ... far from it !
For example , nearly all the masts I specify are welded aluminum tube or pipe .
These are perfect for the gaff rig as well as for the low aspect Bermuda rig .
Compared strictly on a strength to weight to cost basis , aluminum pipe spars are impossible to improve upon .
As further example , among the gaff rigs that I have drawn , one will observe that I prefer short gaffs without tops'ls .
Primarily , this is for reasons of simplicity , efficiency , and ease of use .
The penalty in excess rigging required for gaff tops 'ls is more than I 'm usually willing to fool with while sailing .
In my experience , due to that added complexity , gaff tops 'ls often just sit in their bags unused .
In exchange for the added complexity of rigging , gaff tops 'ls ordinarily provide little gain in terms of usable sail area .
Notes on the Short - Gaff Rig
My short - gaff sail plans are meant to address the shortcomings of the traditional types of gaff rig sail plan when used on smaller craft ( say under around 60 feet ) .
By using a short gaff with no tops'l , there is more luff length to the sail .
With a longer luff on the lowers , the lower sails are able to perform much better when on the wind .
As an added bonus , sails are not broken into such small units , so are able to be more efficient on all points of sail .
As a further bonus , the short gaff arrangement permits a single halyard to be used with a fixed bridle ( not a sliding bridle ) .
With a short gaff there is no need for a separate throat halyard .
The bridle legs are balanced during sailing trials , then permanently made fast at the best spot .
Luff tension is thereafter adjusted at the gooseneck .
As a bonus , the fixed bridle always keeps the gaff in the same attitude while raising and lowering .
This works so well that all of the gaff rigs that I ’ve specified for yachts under 60 feet on deck have a single halyard for the gaff .
While it is possible to do this with a longer gaff , it works best with a short gaff .
Certainly larger vessels can use the short gaff and single halyard , provided sails are not too large .
As sails become too large to man-handle , a winch can be used for raising sail .
Even on much larger sails the short gaff offers the benefit of greatly reduced weight aloft , and an easier job of raising sail .
The short gaff - long luff sail is not my invention by any means ...
In fact , in its ideal form the short - gaff - sail is fairly close in profile to the shape of the fully battened elliptical plan form racing sails of today .
The short - gaff rig was developed and was well proven on vessels such as the Dutch sloops , Bermuda sloops , and of course the pilot schooners that sailed out of Baltimore during the 1800's and early 1900's .
The pilot schooners needed a foolproof rig that had superior performance , and that could be handled by a man and a boy .
They were large vessels ...!
Applying the same strategy to smaller sailing vessels one can easily single hand a 50 footer .
As far as their sailing properties , the improvement in windward performance is well documented among those vessels , and by my own experience having sailed with this arrangement on my own schooner Emerald .
The benefits are to simplify the rig , to reduce windage , to reduce the work of raising and lowering sail , to increase luff length for better windward sailing , to reduce weight aloft , and to eliminate those pesky tops ’ls .
That said , on a schooner I do like to use a fisherman tops’l beetween the masts since it provides enough area to be worthwhile and is easy to set and strike .
By comparison , gaff tops ’ls are often more trouble than they are worth - another point strongly favoring the " bald headed " gaff rig .
What About the Schooner Rig ?
The schooner is able to spread more sail per length of spars than any other rig .
This allows a generous sail area , while the center of effort is kept low down .
On a schooner of any size I like to arrange for both main and fore sails to be similarly sized .
This is done to prevent the mains'l from becoming too big to handle .
To determine the size of each sail , one should try to make use of sails as large as can be confidently handled , and no larger .
Much of what is written about schooners and gaff rigs assumes that one will be using a traditional sail plan with long gaffs , two halyards for each gaff , main and fore tops'ls , fisherman tops'l , stays'l , jib , jib tops'l , etc .
Added together even on a small schooner , that represents some twenty halyards and other control lines .
As an example of how one might simplify that configuration , Lucille and her sisters , Redpath and Benrogin have only four halyards for the lowers , and two for the fisherman tops'l .
The total : six halyards ... !
Simple is beautiful ...
Redpath as Example
We had the opportunity to sail two 34 ' schooners having exactly the same hull form and sail area against each other .
One vessel had a " traditional " gaff schooner rig , with long gaffs , gaff tops'ls , stays'l and flying jib .
The other vessel had a short - gaff rig of my design with exactly the same sail area .
One feature of the rig I tend to prefer ( as with designs like Redpath ) is that the working sails are sized to be as nearly alike in area as possible , so there is no single dominant sail .
All of these improvements served to simplify and lighten the rig and provided far less windage .
The result ...?
Although both vessels performed more or less equally on a down wind course , we out sailed the " traditional " rig hands down both reaching and beating .
With the short - gaff rig as I modified it , as compared the other vessel of the same hull design ( but having a traditional long - gaff rig and gaff tops 'ls ) we could better their windward performance by around 5 degrees .
What I had done is to eliminate the tops'ls and raise the throat of the gaffs up farther , like on Redpath and Lucille .
The combination of better windward performance with a simpler , but still classic rig ... it is a big success !
Another bonus is that the simper short - gaff rig was far easier to build , to handle and to maintain .
I liked it so much that I made an identical rig for my own schooner , Emerald .
I attribute the improved windward performance to the following factors :
Fewer sails , therefore more lift per amount of drag ( reach , run or close hauled ) .
Longer luff length on fore and main .
Less running rigging and clutter ( less than half the number of halyards ) so considerably less windage .
Flatter cut to the sails in order to maximize windward sailing .
Hollow cut to the jib luff to allow for wire sag , so the sail still has good foil shape to windward .
Redpath was yet another refinement of the concept , having been designed to take best advantage of the optimum rig right from the beginning .
A further refinement on Redpath has been the use of a NACA foil keel .
The combination of the improved keel with the taller and more efficient short - gaff rig will provide some 7 to 10 degrees closer sailing tack to tack ( the " real " measure of performance ) than does a more traditional schooner type having tops'ls , multiple jibs , a nest of extra halyards , and a long straight shoal draft keel .
The improvement to windward has been accomplished without sacrificing reaching or running performance , and at the same time whilst improving the vessel 's tracking ability on all courses .
Redpath is relatively light in terms of displacement to length , and has a high sail area to displacement ratio in her working sails .
This not only makes the boat fast , but also makes the rig ultimately easier to deal with , since there are no light weather spinnakers and so forth to fool with .
For light weather sailing , the Fisherman Tops'l is kept very well controlled between the two masts , having a line at each corner .
If one could say there is any single factor responsible for providing excellent performance on Redpath , it would have to be attributed to the amount of sail area provided .
The sail area given to Redpath is able to be generous because it is located relatively low down , rather than on one single tall stick .
A Marconi type of rig will ordinarily require a deeper keel for adequate sail carrying ability .
One cannot make reasonable comparisons of course to vessels having a fin keel , spade or skeg hung rudder , and sloop rig , as those types will always have superior windward performance .
What those keel and rig types give up in terms of off - wind sailing is considerable ...
Steering stability off - wind is compromised , as is safety in taking the ground , as is the ability to heave to gracefully , etc .
The main thing is simply to define the type of sailing one wishes to do .
If it is " round the buoy " racing , then shoal draft and low aspect rigs will not be competitive and thus they will be very unsuitable .
Nor are they intended to be suited to that type of sailing ...
It is the windward leg after all that inevitably wins a round the buoys race .
For offshore voyaging , relatively more shoal draft and lower aspect rigs will ordinarily make the most sense .
Redpath , for example , is designed for fast sailing .
On any course from a close reach to a dead run , using only her working sail ( not allowing the Fisherman , spinnakers , or any other light weather sails ) , Redpath simply will walk away from the majority of equally sized Marconi rigged boats .
For offshore voyaging one would be hard pressed to do better ...
Particularly if ruggedness , ease of handling , economy and ease of maintenance are of any import .
The Schooner Lucille
Image , Copyright 1999
Other Useful Cruising Sails
For Schooners : The Fisherman Tops'l
On a schooner , the fisherman tops'l is an excellent tool , is easy to use , and provides plenty of area , so is well worth it .
The fisherman tops'l is a thing of beauty and highly functional , without a lot of complicated rigging .
It 's like having overdrive ...
It 's up where it can catch the breeze and it has a meaningful size , so that the reward for setting the fisherman is substantial .
Of course , a Fisherman tops'l is not absolutely required , but it is almost silly to do without one on a schooner , given the outstanding opportunity between the masts to spread a large amount of sail without much fuss or bother .
For all Sailing Vessels : The Stays'l or " Mule "
One might be tempted toward even greater simplicity , eliminating the staysail and outer jib in favor of a single jumbo jib .
We can quickly see however that a staysail and jib combination are a bit better suited to offshore sailing , as follows :
The most obvious advantage of the stays'l , whether it is on a schooner , ketch or cutter , is to make the individual headsails smaller and easier to handle .
A much less apparent advantage is that the stays'l also provides for easy self - steering .
A " steering sheet " led from the stays'l boom , aft along the windward side , and then to a tiller will give reliable and easy self steering .
It 's hard to believe , but this really does work ...!!
The gaff rig being somewhat lower aspect , lends good self steering to the boat particularly when sailing long passages off the wind .
Naturally this statement must be qualified by presuming that the rig is of good design , and that a good hull form for self steering has been provided .
You can see example vessels of this type by clicking on the links to the schooners , Lucille and Redpath , and the very fine ketches Grace and Shiraz .
For Nearly any Hull Type : The Junk Rig ...
Along with the Gaff Rig , the Chinese Junk Rig has much to offer in terms of simplicity , ease of use , and also in terms of safety , in particular for the long range voyager .
For more information , please have a look at my web page on the Chinese Junk Rig .
Choices ...
Overall , subtleties abound in copious amplitude ...!
One can not say one thing absolutely ... there exist many shades of grey .
A given boat design is neither good nor bad , but instead simply optimized for a given purpose .
This includes the full spectrum from the all - out racing machine , to the square rigged clipper .
These choices are just a matter of degree ; of one 's intended sailing ; and ultimately of one 's preference .
One type is not inherently " wrong " or the other inherently " right " but instead are just differing expressions of one 's preferred style .
Therefore ... there really is no argument with regard to keel and rig choices .
In the end , the these various design factors are simply a matter of the owner 's preferences being expressed in the type of vessel being created .
In other words , once you know what you want to do with a boat , i.e. its function , only then do you have a framework within which to create and / or judge its form .
Image Copyright 1999
Other Resources ...
For further reading on self steering , please see the excellent book , " Self Steering for Sailing Craft , " by Dr. John Letcher .
For further reading on the gaff rig , please have a look at " Hand , Reef and Steer , " by Tom Cunliffe .
cyber - security .
you ’re doing it very wrong .
Joe Lieberman decided that the best way to tackle cyber - security is by literally shutting off the country 's internet on demand with nothing more than an executive order by the president .
Just when I think that politicians ca n’t be any more disappointing than they are today , and there ’s nothing they could do to make themselves look even more clueless and inept , Joe Lieberman manages to come up a bill so utterly brain dead , it ’s hard not to shudder in fear that we actually reward this kind of ineptitude with public funds and expect people like this to effectively run a nation .
What ’s so amazingly ridiculous about Lieberman ’s proposal ?
It would give the executive branch the authority to throttle , filter , and even disable the internet to the entire nation under the excuse of national security .
Ever worse , the bill has actual co-sponsors , despite being written by someone who apparently seems to think that the internet is “ just a series of tubes , ” and you can just yank on a valve and shut the whole thing off .
To actually shut off internet access , you ’d need to cut all those undersea communication lines shown in a comprehensive illustration appearing on the Guardian …
True , you can slow down and even disable internet access by setting up a firewall which could block a search query , or even access to certain sites .
But you determine access rights by IP addresses , more specifically , IP address ranges associated with a particular country .
Anyone see the weakness in this strategy already ?
Let me to give you a hint .
The data exchange protocols we collectively know as the internet and the web were built on networks originally designed to coordinate military commands .
They ’re built with redundancy in mind and a blocked range of IP addresses is n’t actually that big of a problem .
By manipulating your IP address through a proxy , you could circumvent even a national firewall .
Even if all those immense , $ 500 billion undersea cables traveling to and from your country were cut , you could get still get satellite - based web access and use a proxy to get on the web .
In other words , it ’s utterly impossible to shut down the internet for those who have a clue as to how computers and computer networks actually work .
Any action to slow down or shut off web access is a problem only for casual users rather than the people from whom you ’d actually want to protect your assets .
We ’ve already discussed how unrealistic it is to militarize the web as we know it to track down a squad of foreign hackers before they strike despite the rosy picture being painted by some defense contractors , and Lieberman ’s proposal seems firmly stuck in the territory of misconceptions and ignorance .
Maybe if he had a chat with someone with a working knowledge of the networks used by the internet rather than someone like Michael McConnell , he would n’t have produced something this ridiculous .
Or maybe he would anyway since it seems that while we ’re appointing charismatic and talkative know - nothings to leadership positions , they start convincing themselves that they ’re actually experts , as shown by studies into the subject , and do n’t need the advice of those who actually do understand the technical concepts in question .
So now , his bill is being used by an Australian media outlet to justify its government ’s own growing interest in internet filters , and being trotted across right wing blogs where the narrative is warped from an example of Lieberman ’s , Rockefeller ’s and Showe ’s collective ineptitude and as another disturbing sign of dangerous ignorance in Congress , into a story of how Obama supposedly wants to censor the web to silence Tea Party activists .
I ’d say to expect a full on paranoid rant from Glenn Beck on the subject any day now …
My guess is that this bill will die a horrible death without even being considered to be worthy of a vote , but just the fact that it was even conceived to give fodder to conspiracy theorists and took a dip into the territory on par with the rationale behind the Great Firewall of China , should be disturbing .
We have a senator who has n’t a clue what he ’s doing writing legislation that could profoundly affect one of the most tech - dependent nations in the world and chairing the Homeland Security committee , and we expect the nation to be safe and adequately deal with real threats ?
For some reason , I really do n’t feel any safer with “ experts ” like this in charge …
So far the police have launched formal inquiries into at least 28 of these claims and they are assessing the rest .
In at least three of the investigations , there have already been arrests .
Aftermath of the Israel Flotilla Raid German Activists File War Crimes Complaints
Public prosecutors in Germany are looking into a war crimes complaint filed against Israel by two members of parliament with the far - left Left Party and a human rights activist who were on board the Mavi Marmara when Israeli troops stormed it 11 days ago .
Von John Goetz
' If only there was some sort of club I could join to celebrate my whiteness , while masturbating over paintings of Hitler '
Man , I love being white .
It 's great .
I love my fine white skin , my stretchy alabaster bodysuit .
I wear it every day .
Sometimes I 'll be on my way to the shops , and I 'll catch sight of my own pallid forearms and I can't help it ; I stop dead in the street , stroking them and weeping for joy .
They 're so damned pearly .
Hooray for whitehood !
Could do without the sunburn , mind .
It 's hard to get the balance right .
I only have to gaze at a blank sheet of A4 to start sizzling , but if I avoid sunshine completely I wind up looking ashen and sickly .
Little wonder there 's a multi-million - dollar industry creating creams and lotions for us to smear all over our superior white skin in a desperate bid to protect it from the sky , and another multi-million - dollar industry devoted to turning our superior white skin brown so it looks better .
Despite these drawbacks – and its propensity for showing up pimples and ageing quickly and going wrinkly – there 's no doubt that white skin is the best , in the same way green Smarties are the best .
Simple logic .
No one in their right mind would begrudge a green Smartie the right to celebrate its own identity .
So what if a group of green Smarties wants to organise a green pride march and demand the immediate expulsion of all the other colours from the tube ?
You can't expect them to mingle with the others .
Some of them are pink , for Christ 's sake .
Trace the history of that tube and you 'll find a green Smartie was dropped in first , maybe .
Therefore that tube is green land .
Greens should call the shots .
To think anything else is just madness .
And it 's the same with white skin .
If only there was some sort of club I could join to celebrate my whiteness , I 've wondered many times , while masturbating over paintings of Hitler .
Well there is !
It 's called the Aryan Brotherhood of Texas ( or ABT ) , and it 's celebrated in a documentary called Inside The Aryan Brotherhood ( Wed , 10 pm , Discovery ) .
Heavily tattooed , spouting hate speech , bragging about their appetite for violence and openly boasting about their crystal meth - smuggling business , they 're the kind of people you 'd expect to find in prison .
Which is probably why they 're in prison .
Despite being in prison , they 're a force to be reckoned with , according to this documentary , which in no way glorifies them unless you think intercutting violent CCTV prison fights with menacing soundbites from masked members of the Aryan Brotherhood underscored with dramatic music counts as " glorification " .
Anyone who thinks those sequences look like precisely the sort of thing the ABT might edit together themselves is mistaken .
For one thing , the captions are spelt correctly .
And for another they 're not allowed to use Final Cut Pro in prison .
They 're allowed to do push - ups , though .
Lots of push - ups .
We see one of them doing push - ups in his cell and he looks pretty cool , if you ignore the seatless metal toilet in the corner which he has to piss and shit in every day with no privacy because he 's in prison .
They 're not all in prison .
Some remain outside , including a one - legged member called Lucky , and a man who wears a bandana to protect his identity but fails to cover up the huge , immediately identifiable tattoos on both his arms .
Maybe he thinks a black man invented the sleeve .
The programme has n't noticed how funny this is ; it 's too busy hammering home the notion that the ABT is a terrifyingly huge organisation , although when you Google " ABT " , the first things that pop up are American Ballet Theatre and the Association of Beauty Therapists , which is probably almost as annoying for the Aryan Brotherhood of Texas as being in prison .
This could be a desperate tragedy about wasted lives and misplaced rage .
Instead it fetishises an angry , misguided prison gang furiously clinging to its own whiteness as the one source of self - esteem they have left .
When your skin is the only thing you feel truly proud of , it 's become a prison in itself .
A cell of cells .
Whatever the colour .
A government announcement today that it is scrapping plans to penalise householders for not recycling scores eight out of ten for effort – but it may not go far enough to appease the civil liberties lobby .
Your bins will still be microchipped , and - whether you like it or not - your household waste habits will still be recorded centrally .
The big change , reported in national media today , is from a scheme to reward good recyclers and punish the bad ones , which the last government attempted to pilot last year .
These plans stalled , when no councils could be found that were prepared to sign up to a pilot .
Instead , the coalition intends to put in place a scheme to reward those virtuous householders who recycle a significant amount of their waste .
The new approach is mostly " carrot " , as opposed to " carrot and stick " .
Recently appointed Communities Secretary Eric Pickles explained that the coalition backs rewarding people for recycling .
Various reports trotted out the good news from Windsor and Maidenhead , where a reward - based pilot was recently declared a success .
According to local councillor Liam Maxwell , the Windsor scheme " increases recycling rates , reduces our environmental impact , reduces council tax and helps local businesses " .
The fly in the ointment – or possibly hovering round a nearby waste storage receptacle - is that for such a scheme to work , bins will still have to be chipped .
The reward scheme will be run on an " opt - in " basis , as opposed to being compulsory : but it is likely that councils will still have to collect data from all bins , and therefore all households , in order to select out data relevant to those who are opted in .
The alternative would require that data from those who had opted out of the scheme was identified – and filtered out – at the bin collection stage .
This aspect of the scheme may yet raise unwelcome data protection implications .
Data does not need to contain name and address to be " personal " : rather , it becomes personal as soon as it is possible to identify an individual by combining data sets held by the data processor .
The processing of " opted out " data – even to eliminate that data from future processing – may therefore constitute unfair processing within the terms of the Data Protection Act 1998 and , without primary legislation to permit this , councils should brace themselves for future challenges .
Alex Deane , Director of Big Brother Watch , is well aware of this aspect of the scheme .
He told us : " It ’s good that bin taxes have been abandoned for now .
They symbolised the worst of our Big Brother state - snooping on our private waste and charging us for the privilege .
" But these punitive and vindictive taxes were at least out in the open .
Now exactly the same technology is being introduced , with the bribe of an ' incentive scheme ' . "
We have yet to receive a response from the Communities Department . ®
Persons who desire to become special educators do so for numerous reasons .
Whether making a decision to become a special educator as the initial step into the educational system , or move to special education from the ranks of general education , the teacher that chooses this field is best served knowing his or herself well , and be willing to commit to an increasingly challenging but rewarding profession .
Experienced teachers may opt to leave the classroom for an administrative position and some advance to become Principals .
Recent interviews of three special educators , two general education teachers and one elementary school principal were conducted .
This was done in order to further understand what educational professionals think is necessary for a meaningful , worthwhile teaching and learning experience and how that relates to the teachers ’ philosophy of education .
The interviewed professional would be queried about why he or she first became a teacher and why continue in the profession today .
Teachers were asked about and delighted to relay the most rewarding and challenging teaching experiences .
In addition , each was given the opportunity to speak about what changes he or she would like to see in education today .
While exploring what constitutes a meaningful and worthwhile teaching and learning experience , every interviewee commented on the need for educators to connect with students .
Making teaching relevant and having the ability form a partnership with the student in his or her learning experiences were listed as keys to a positive teaching experience .
Understanding the student as a whole person while being able to work with families and collaborate with other professionals were included in the discussion .
General and special education teachers alike cited the need for teachers to be knowledgeable in the subject matter and be proficient in the ability to adapt curriculum in order to engage the students on an individual level .
Part of the challenge for teachers is continual attempt to find which will draw the child out enabling him or her to connect with the subject matter presented .
Not surprising , the principal interviewed as well as the educators all spoke of the desire to see many aspects of growth in the students they serve .
Social , academic and emotional development was mentioned by each professional .
The special educators in the group each spoke of the need for the teacher to demonstrate the unique ability to work with multiple para- educators as well as colleagues such as speech therapists , occupational therapists , physical therapists , and manage complex schedules on a daily basis .
Speaking in regards to personal philosophy of education , the Principal began with her opinion and was subsequently repeated by many of the teachers .
The teacher must believe the student can learn , students must be involved , a total partner in the progression , and the process must be collaborative .
Additionally , teachers felt students should come to school ready to learn and teachers should come to school ready to work hard to meet the student where he or she is at in the learning process .
There must be a desire to see success for every student .
One special educator spoke about respecting the values of the student and being equipped to give the student what he or she needs .
Another special educator explained about how important it is to give students roots .
She went on to say that teachers must make learning fun so that students want to come to school .
Making students lifelong learners was a theme throughout the answers about teacher ’s philosophy .
The final question posed to the teachers and principal interviewed was , “ What would you like to like to see changed in the profession and why ? ”
Three of the six professionals , including the principal , voted for year around school .
Four of the six declared there must be a pendulum swing back to a focus on vocational skills at the secondary level .
Everyone had some degree of belief that the “ system ” of education is not working for the students as one educator put it , “ We have built a system around our needs , not the needs of students . ”
The special educators have a strong desire for more inclusive practices and believe overwhelmingly that if done correctly inclusion is a win-win proposition .
This sentiment was echoed among general educators and the principal with a unanimous agreement that inclusion must be done correctly and with appropriate support and funding .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Six men from Russia , Europe and China are going to spend 520 days living together in a mock spacecraft , in a test to see how a mission to Mars might work .
The " Mars500 " experiment , will begin on 3 June at Moscow 's Institute of Biomedical Problems and end in November 2011 .
Each astronaut will have three square metres of personal space and have to undertake scientific tasks on a daily basis .
Italian participant Diego Urbina , and Martin Zell , head of the European Space Agency 's International Space Station ( ISS ) utilisation department , explain how the simulation will work .
President Barack Obama said Tuesday that the Gulf oil spill " is an unprecedented environmental disaster " that will be met with an " unprecedented response . "
" This is an assault on our shores and we 're going to fight back with everything we 've got , " he said during a visit with military personnel at the Naval Air Station in Pensacola , Florida .
The administration " will do whatever it takes for as long as it takes " to deal with the spill , he promised .
Obama repeated a pledge to force BP to provide economic compensation for the economic damage caused by the spill .
Hei , denne artikkelen er over ett år gammel og kan inneholde utdatert informasjon
| ||
( Dagbladet ) : Lovbryterne i Oslo blir stadig yngre , viser en ny trendrapport som er laget av Oslo politidistrikt og Oslo kommune .
« Salto - rapporten » skal først offentliggjøres 18 . mai , men det har allerede lyktes Dagbladet å få tak i et eksemplar .
Politiet ønsker ikke å kommentere innholdet før rapporten blir offentliggjort .
Dette er noen av hovedtrendene :
• Det var en dobling av ran med gjerningspersoner under 18 år , fra 97 i 2008 til 194 i 2009 .
Den yngste raneren var tolv år .
• Fra 2008 til 2009 var det en økning i narkotikaforbrytelser fra 336 til 426 for personer under 18 år .
Den yngste var 13 år .
• Fra 2005 til 2009 har antall straffbare forhold hvor personen var under 15 år økt fra 610 til 757 .
2055 straffbare forholdTrenden med at det er et fåtall mindreårige som utfører et flertall av de kriminelle handlingene , øker .
I 2009 var det 149 personer
under 18 år som ble registrert for fire eller flere straffbare forhold .
Til sammen var disse ved inngangen til 2010 registrert for hele 2055 straffbare forhold .
En person var ved inngangen til 2010 registrert for 70 straffbare forhold i en alder av 16 år .
Mange av gjengangerne i 2009 var utenlandske statsborgere .
Til sammen var det 52 personer med et annet statsborgerskap enn norsk , som utgjør 34 prosent av gjengangerne .
Flere ungdom på Oslo
SEt av de stedene hvor man merker at det er flere unge lovbrytere i hovedstaden , er på Oslo S , hvor en rekke av ungdommene samles .
Tall fra Uteseksjonen , som er en del av rusmiddeletaten i Oslo kommune , viser blant annet at :
• Det har vært en økning i antall registrerte ungdommer som påtreffes på Oslo S i skoletida .
• En klar økning i antall personer totalt i det åpne rusmiljøet på kveldstid : fra 66 i snitt i 2008 til 78 i snitt sommeren 2009 .
• Det har også vært en økning i antall mindreårige nordafrikanske narkotikaselgere .
- Internasjonalt problem -
Dette er ikke bare et lokalt , men også et nasjonalt og internasjonalt problem , sier leder for Uteseksjonen , Børge Erdal .
Han etterlyser
større engasjement rundt det åpne rusmiljøet i Oslo sentrum .
- Problemene begynner ikke i Oslo sentrum , sier Erdal .
Uteseksjonen vil nå ha økt fokusering på tidlig intervensjon overfor unge som står i fare for å droppe ut av skole eller arbeid .
Erdal ønsker også en tettere oppfølging lokalt av den enkelte unge .
- Det er knyttet stor bekymring til mindreårige og voksne med uavklart oppholdsstatus i Norge som selger illegale rusmidler i disse områdene , sier Erdal .
Uteseksjonen etterlyser nå klarere kjøreregler for Oslo S og Oslo sentrum generelt .
- Vi har et felles ansvar for å ikke godta forhold som strider mot norsk lov i sentrum .
Det at rusmiljøene opererer så åpenlyst , kan bidra til nyrekruttering , og det gjør tilgangen på illegale rusmidler lettere , sier Erdal , som mener rusdebatten har vært for mye preget av følelser , og savner en nyansert og helhetlig tilnærming .
- Vi må ha en klarere grense for hvilken atferd vi synes er akseptabel i det offentlige rom .
Dette gjelder ikke bare for de åpne rusmiljøene , men også for alkoholpolitikken , sier Erdal .
A second - year Houston police officer was released on a $ 122,000 bond Monday and instructed to stay out of neighborhoods he patrolled and avoid contact with women he allegedly sexually assaulted while on duty .
Demetrie Trevail Dixon , 26 , has been charged with four felony counts of sexual assault and two misdemeanor counts of official oppression .
He is accused of stalking women while on duty and raping two of them repeatedly over a three - month period .
I say cut defence .
I do n't mean nibble at it or slice it .
I mean cut it , all £ 45 bn of it .
George Osborne yesterday asked the nation " for once in a generation " to think the unthinkable , to offer not just percentage cuts but " whether government needs to provide certain public services at all " .
What do we really get from the army , the navy and the air force beyond soldiers dying in distant wars and a tingle when the band marches by ?
Is the tingle worth £ 45 bn , more than the total spent on schools ?
Why does Osborne " ringfence " defence when everyone knows its budget is a bankruptcy waiting to happen , when Labour ministers bought the wrong kit for wars that they insisted it fight ?
Osborne cannot believe the armed forces are so vital or so efficient as to be excused the star chamber 's " fundamental re-evaluation of their role " .
He knows their management and procurement have long been an insult to the taxpayer .
The reason for his timidity must be that , like David Cameron , he is a young man scared of old generals .
I was content to be expensively defended against the threat of global communism .
With the end of the cold war in the 1990s that threat vanished .
In its place was a fantasy proposition , that some unspecified but potent " enemy " lurked in the seas and skies around Britain .
Where is it ?
Each incoming government since 1990 has held so - called defence reviews " to match capabilities to policy objectives " .
I helped with one in 1997 , and it was rubbish from start to finish , a cosmetic attempt to justify the colossal procurements then in train , and in such a way that any cut would present Labour as " soft " on defence .
Tony Blair , Gordon Brown and George Robertson , the then defence secretary were terrified into submission .
They agreed to a parody of generals fighting the last war but one .
They bought new destroyers to defeat the U - boat menace .
They bought new carriers to save the British empire .
They bought Eurofighters to duel with Russian air aces .
Trident submarines with nuclear warheads went on cruising the deep , deterring no one , just so Blair could walk tall at conferences .
Each weekend , the tranquillity of the Welsh countryside is shattered by inane jets screaming through the mountain valleys playing at Lord of the Rings .
With modern bombs , no plane need fly that low , and the jets are said to burn more fuel in half an hour than a school in a year .
Any other service wasting so much money would be laughed out of court .
Yet the Treasury grovels before the exotic virility of it all .
Labour lacked the guts to admit that it was crazy to plan for another Falklands war .
It dared not admit that the procurement executive was fit for nothing but appeasing weapons manufacturers .
No armies were massing on the continent poised to attack .
No navies were plotting to throttle our islands and starve us into submission .
No missiles were fizzing in bunkers across Asia with Birmingham or Leeds in their sights .
As for the colonies , if it costs £ 45 bn to protect the Falklands , Gibraltar and the Caymans , it must be the most ridiculous empire in history .
It would be cheaper to give each colony independence and a billion a year .
Lobbyists reply that all defence expenditure is precautionary .
You cannot predict every threat and it takes time to rearm should one emerge .
That argument might have held during the cold war and , strictly up to a point , today .
But at the present scale it is wholly implausible .
All spending on insurance – be it on health or the police or environmental protection – requires some assessment of risk .
Otherwise spending is open - ended .
After the cold war there was much talk of a peace dividend and the defence industry went into intellectual overdrive .
It conjured up a new " war " jargon , as in the war on drugs , on terror , on piracy , on genocide .
The navy was needed to fight drug gangs in the Caribbean , pirates off Somalia and gun-runners in the Persian Gulf .
In all such " wars " performance has been dire , because each threat was defined to justify service expenditure rather than the other way round .
Whenever I ask a defence pundit against whom he is defending me , the answer is a wink and a smile : " You never know . "
The world is a messy place .
Better safe than sorry .
It is like demanding crash barriers along every pavement in case cars go out of control , or examining school children for diseases every day .
You never know .
The truth is , we are now spending £ 45bn on heebie - jeebies .
For the past 20 years , Britain 's armed forces have encouraged foreign policy into one war after another , none of them remotely to do with the nation 's security .
Asked why he was standing in an Afghan desert earlier this year , Brown had to claim absurdly that he was " making London 's streets safer " .
Some wars , as in Iraq , have been a sickening waste of money and young lives .
Others in Kosovo and Afghanistan honour a Nato commitment that had nothing to do with collective security .
Like many armies in history , Nato has become an alliance in search of a purpose .
Coalition ministers are citing Canada as a shining example of how to cut .
Canada is wasting no more money in Afghanistan .
Despite Blair 's politics of fear , Britain entered the 21st century safer than at any time since the Norman conquest .
I am defended already , by the police , the security services and a myriad regulators and inspectors .
Defence spending does not add to this .
It is like winning the Olympics – a magnificent , extravagant national boast , so embedded in the British psyche that politicians ( and newspapers ) dare not question it .
Yet Osborne asked that every public service should " once in a generation " go back to basics and ask what it really delivers for its money .
Why not defence ?
There are many evils that threaten the British people at present , but I cannot think of one that absolutely demands £ 45 bn to deter it .
Soldiers , sailors and air crews are no protection against terrorists , who anyway are not that much of a threat .
No country is an aggressor against the British state .
No country would attack us were the government to put its troops into reserve and mothball its ships , tanks and planes .
Let us get real .
I am all for being defended , but at the present price I am entitled to ask against whom and how .
Of all the public services that should justify themselves from ground zero , defence is the first .
Kotaku has learned today that Darrell Rodriguez , president of Lucasarts , has resigned from his position , and joining him at the exit are several members of his executive team .
Advertisement
The moves , announced earlier today at a Lucasarts staff meeting , do not impact the company 's development teams , or other aspects of its publishing business outside of the top brass .
Rodriguez - former COO of EA Los Angeles - was named president of Lucasarts back in April of 2008 , two months after his predecessor , Jim Ward , abruptly resigned from his position .
His tenure has been a mixed bag , the company continuing to find success with Star Wars and Indiana Jones titles ( LEGO , Force Unleashed ) while failing to gain traction with internally - developed intellectual property ( Fracture ) .
Advertisement
A replacement for Rodriguez has yet to be named .
With the exact manner of , and reasons for his departure still uncertain , we 'll update as we hear more .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
UPDATE -
We can now confirm that Rodriguez resigned from his position , and that Lucasfilm 's Jerry Bowerman will be holding the reigns while the company searches for a full - time replacement .
OWC has announced four new solid - state drives .
The Mercury Extreme Pro SSD is available in capacities ranging from 60 GB to 480GB .
According to OWC , the SSDs feature sustained data rates of 285MBps and 7 percent overprovisioning ( extra storage space that the drives uses for background processes to preserve SSD reliability ) .
OWC also claims that the new SSD use less power , which helps preserve laptop battery life .
The 2.5 - inch SSDs can be installed in Mac laptops , as well as Mac desktop computers using an adapter .
Prices for the SSDs :
This story , " OWC Releases 480 GB 2.5 - inch Solid- state Drive " was originally published by Macworld .
The scene was as strange and comic as ever , as five men in matching gray , reflective uniforms wandered an outdoor stage in Hollywood , wearing hard plastic masks for reasons unknown .
“ Who are these masked men ? ” asked Gerald Casale , leaning over his keyboard to observe his fellow travelers in Devo and joke about their newest headgear .
“ It does n’t impair your vision at all .
It does affect brain function . ”
The band was warming up for the night ’s “ Jimmy Kimmel Live ” broadcast , doing one more run-through of “ Fresh , ” a song from Devo ’s first new album in 20 years .
The network TV gig would be part of a new reeducation and marketing plan , reintroducing this brotherhood first hatched decades ago in Akron , Ohio , amid provocative , crackpot theories on the decay and de-evolution of modern man , all set to anxious keyboards and electric guitar .
At center stage stood Mark Mothersbaugh , wearing glasses over his mask , singing breathlessly as he chopped at the air with his free hand : “ I see a fork in the road , where it goes I do n’t know / I wo n’t even think twice , I really do n’t have a choice . ”
The song was upbeat , catchy , with the usual unsettling undertones about life ’s misadventures , and it was already market - tested through surveys and focus groups , weeks ahead of Tuesday ’s release of the album , “ Something for Everybody . ”
Devo aims to please in 2010 , anxious to reach beyond its devoted cult and embrace the whims and wisdom of mainstream consumers .
“ How are we going to reintroduce ourselves to a crowd of 20 - and 30 - year - olds who hear too much and do n’t want to pay for anything anyway ? ”
Casale wondered backstage .
“ It ’s marketing , it ’s all marketing . ”
The new album collected a creative team of forward - looking pop producers , including the Teddybears , Greg Kurstin , Dust Brother John King and the duo of John Hill and Santi White ( a.k.a. Santigold ) .
They delivered a dozen festive tracks of danceable synth - rock and robot R&B .
“ There ’s this new generation of kids that have grown up with Devo or know of Devo from the past , and it ’s not something bewildering , ” said Mothersbaugh .
“ Why not let them take a shot at producing Devo , possibly the way we rearranged ‘ Satisfaction ’ by the Rolling Stones 10 years after it had been written . “
To sell “ Something for Everybody , ” Devo reunited with Warner Bros .
Records and aligned with Mother , an international advertising agency with experience marketing the likes of Coca - Cola , New Balance and Johnson & Johnson .
The goal was to promote a rock album with the same business acumen that a major corporation might use to test and sell a bar of soap .
Devo first signed with Warner Bros. in 1978 , and major labels remain the best route to radio airplay and distribution , said Mothersbaugh , “ but as far as marketing , we were never really impressed with anything that ever happened .
Nobody ever took advantage of it .
From the get - go we were looking for an ad agency . ”
Weeks after the Kimmel show , the two Devo frontmen sat together in the main studio of Mutato Muzika , the company Mothersbaugh calls his “ day job , ” where he and other members of Devo create original music for film , television and advertising , from the former series “ Rugrats ” to the movies of Wes Anderson .
For more than a decade , it ’s been housed in a conspicuous , forum - shaped building painted fluorescent green on the Sunset Strip .
“ Something for Everybody ” was largely recorded at Mutato , designed to begin Devo ’s escape from “ the cocoon and state of suspended animation , ” said Casale , now out of uniform and dressed at Mutato in a black suit .
“ It was now or never .
The world is more devolved than ever . ”
Public consumption of that concept began with the band ’s classic 1978 debut , “ Q : Are We Not Men ? A : We Are Devo ! , ” a twitchy manifesto that was anti-rock and anti-cool , a multimedia sendup of conformity , technology , religion and sex .
The themes have n’t changed much through the years , and the commercial imperative was often center stage .
Devo introduced a “ corporate anthem ” and embraced merchandising without hesitation , selling not only T - shirts but Devo ’s yellow hazmat jumpsuits and their iconic red “ energy dome ” helmets .
By 1984 , the band was in commercials for Honda scooters .
For the new album , some decisions previously made instinctively by the band were now left to the whims of the voting public .
In the months preceding the album release , Mother conducted surveys online and in controlled environments on songs , color , touch — each shaping the coming Devo campaign .
As with everything Devo , the project was both serious and satirical , using the marketing as a central part of the message and the joke , videotaping focus groups conducted by a young , accented Nordic man named “ Jacob . ”
Most important , fans were allowed to sample Devo ’s new songs online and choose their favorites from a total of 16 .
The winning 12 for the final album were announced via streaming video at ClubDevo.com , but soon the words “ 88 percent focus group approved ” appeared , acknowledging a certain corporate interference with pure populism .
“ We definitely chimed in about which songs we felt needed to be on the record , despite what the world said , ” said Bill Moulton , creative director for the Mother campaign .
“ It probably rubbed some fans the wrong way , but we hope they understand when you ’re playing in the devolved world and you ’re playing with corporate partners , there are some sacrifices . ”
Casale and Mothersbaugh grew up in Ohio while absorbing an endless supply of pop culture kitsch , B- movies and TV commercials , comic books and cocktail napkin cartoons , before meeting as art students at Kent State University .
Devo emerged in the aftermath of horror and disbelief at the 1970 killing of four students there by Ohio National Guardsmen during a campus antiwar protest .
They turned anger into creativity , piecing together a new sound and the half - serious , half - comic de-evolution philosophy .
They recruited younger brothers Bob Mothersbaugh ( “ Bob 1 " ) and Bob Casale ( “ Bob 2 " ) on guitars and got serious .
Much of Devo ’s history since then was instigated in Los Angeles , beginning first at a 1977 showcase at the Starwood .
Devo decided to stay , becoming a regular on the erupting punk rock scene .
The sounds the band made then and after both rocked and anticipated the coming electronic revolution in pop .
The music industry has changed much since then , devolving in its own way , but Devo somehow survives , still hungry to attempt new ideas and connections .
“ There has been an implosion of the old way of doing things , ” said Casale , “ but the new one has n’t really worked out yet .
So we ’re in the experimental phase . ”
calendar@latimes.com
Saudi Arabia 's religious police are investigating three young Saudis who challenged the country 's strict laws in a TV programme .
The two men and a woman were featured in a MTV documentary talking about how they wanted to subvert the Islamic laws of the country .
In recent years the rulers of the oil - rich kingdom have said they want to instigate reforms .
But lawyers say the three could face stern penalties .
The Saudi judicial system is based on a strict Islamic code and can hand out jail terms and floggings for people who break them .
Segregation
In the programme - called Resist the Power !
Saudi Arabia - a girl named only as Fatimah told how she disguised herself as a boy to ride a bicycle in the streets of Jeddah .
The 20 - year - old also railed against the traditional women 's dress - a black robe known as an abaya .
She said she made her own abayas in bright colours , which she sold to friends .
A young man , Aziz , talked about his attempts to break the strict segregation of the sexes in Saudi life - to meet his girlfriend for a date .
" We are not free to live as we like , " said the 24 - year - old .
The four part documentary , which was screened in the US , also followed a Saudi heavy metal band who struggled to find venues that would allow them to play .
An official at a court in Jeddah said the films were being investigated for the crimes of " openly declaring sin " and a decision would be made on whether to prosecute in the next few days , Reuters reported .
Last October a Saudi man , Mazen Abu Jawad , was jailed for five years after he boasted about his sexual exploits on a Lebanon - based TV programme .
Historie
Über die Jahrhunderte hat sich in der
Welt viel verändert und von Veränderungen lebt die Zukunft .
Schön , dass in der bewegten Vergangenheit von Weihenstephan mit all ihren Entwicklungen , Errungenschaften und Rückschlägen auch etwas konstant geblieben ist : Unser Bier .
Und so besteht die ehemalige Klosterbrauerei Weihenstephan noch heute , nach fast 1000 Jahren : Qualitäts - , traditions - und selbstbewusst als älteste noch bestehende Braustätte der Welt .
Dix ans après l'adoption à Ottawa de la Loi sur la clarté référendaire de Stéphane Dion , cette loi a fait du chemin dans la tête des Canadiens hors Québec , au point où le reste du pays estime maintenant que c'est à lui de choisir l'éventuelle question d'un référendum sur la souveraineté du Québec .
Les Canadiens anglais affirment également que c'est à eux de décider ce qu'est une majorité claire .
C'est ce que révèle un sondage mené par la firme Repère communication recherche auprès de 1001 personnes au Québec et 1007 personnes dans le reste du Canada .
Le coup de sonde tente de cerner les perceptions de chacun sur la place de la province francophone dans le pays .
Il a été fait dans le cadre du colloque des Intellectuels pour la souveraineté ( IPSO ) , lesquels discutent à Montréal aujourd ' hui sur le thème « 20 ans après Meech , quel est l'avenir du Québec dans le Canada ? » .
Hier , Le Devoir a révélé les premiers volets de cet imposant sondage de 28 questions identiques .
Selon Pierre Drouilly , sociologue électoral à l'Université du Québec à Montréal ( UQAM ) qui a analysé les résultats du sondage , il s'en dégage une impression que le Canada anglais « a intériorisé le plan B et la Loi sur la clarté de Stéphane Dion » .
« Les réponses sont tranchées .
Le reste du pays pense que c'est à lui de fixer les modalités d'un référendum au Québec » , dit - il .
Une majorité de Canadiens anglais ( 70 % ) pensent même que le Québec n'a pas le droit de se séparer .
Une opinion qui va à l'encontre du Renvoi relatif à la sécession du Québec de la Cour suprême ( 1998 ) , fait remarquer Pierre Drouilly .
« La Cour suprême a dit que le Québec a le droit de se séparer selon certaines conditions » , précise - t - il .
À la question « Qui , du Québec ou du Canada , devrait avoir le droit de formuler la question référendaire ? » , pas moins de 87 % des Canadiens anglais répondent « le Canada » , alors que 72 % des Québécois répondent « le Québec » .
À la question « Qui , du Québec ou du Canada , devrait avoir le droit de fixer la majorité requise dans un référendum sur la souveraineté ? » , 89 % des Canadiens anglais pensent que c'est « le Canada » , alors que 65 % des Québécois pensent que c'est « le Québec » .
Est-ce qu'une majorité de 50 % des voix plus une est suffisante pour réaliser la souveraineté du Québec ?
À cette question , le reste du pays répond non à 75 % .
Par contre , les Québécois sont divisés , puisque 53 % estiment que c'est « suffisant » alors que 47 % jugent que c'est « insuffisant » .
Dans un autre domaine , le sondage a demandé aux répondants si le Québec devrait « disposer de plus de pouvoirs pour protéger sa langue et sa culture » .
Au Québec , 82 % des répondants ont dit oui , alors que , dans le reste du pays , 69 % disent que le Québec ne devrait pas avoir plus de pouvoirs en ce domaine .
Le sondage a été commandé par le Bloc québécois et les IPSO .
La marge d'erreur des deux sondages téléphoniques , au Canada et au Québec , est de 3 % , 19 fois sur 20 .
Ils ont été réalisés entre le 18 mars et le 6 avril 2010 .***
About the author
( NewsTarget ) In Great Britain and Japan , playgrounds are being built for seniors .
In Manchester , United Kingdom , seniors can use low impact exercise equipment in Dam Head Public Park .
In Japan , with birthrates falling and the numbers of senior citizens increasing , underused playgrounds are being renovated for seniors .
In an article titled , " Japan 's elderly playgrounds show fun is for everyone , " Chika Osaka notes that playgrounds are not just for children .
In Japan , with fewer people having children , and nearly 400,000 centenarians , Japan has the world 's oldest population .
As a result , local governments are disassembling children 's playgrounds to convert them to fitness parks for older persons .
Soichiro Saito , a 79 year old who participates in a weekly exercise class at a Tokyo park said , " If I 'm at home , I tend to slouch or lie down , but if I come here , I straighten my back . "
Saito's class uses a climbing frame , walks on balance beams and does stretching exercises under supervision .
The seniors not only enjoy the exercise but also the socialization .
Many feel isolated from the community .
Some report experiencing a heightened sense of well - being after the exercise .
The cost of an elderly playground may start at 8 million yen ( $ 87,220 ) including installation and fees for trainers .
The Association of Physical Fitness Promotion And Guidance says demand has been growing .
Over 15,000 pieces of workout equipment have been installed in parks in Japan , and the number of seniors using the playgrounds daily has doubled .
" No one is ever too old to have fun , " said the association 's Saijo .
" Anyone can try this workout .
No experience or preparation is needed .
All you have to do is come out here and start working out .
"
In " Playtime for Grandma : Council opens new playground for the over - 60s , " Niall Firth reports on visitors using the first playground for seniors in the UK .
Named the Older People 's Play Area in Dam Head Park , Blackley , users can enjoy gentle exercise for hips , legs and torsos .
There are stations for pull - ups , push - ups and pedaling .
Based on a German idea , the park was built by the residents ' association .
It cost 15,000 British pounds .
The park adjoins a children 's park so that grandparents and their grandchildren play together .
Joan Fitzgerald , chairman of the residents ' association , who also uses the park , said , " When we tested it all the people we took in were over 70 . "
She added , " And I have never heard so much laughing !
I believe you are never too old to play and this helps you keep fit , " Joan said , echoing Saijo .
Peggy Yuill , 74 , who was one of the test group , said , " It makes you feel 21 again . "
The playground also helps the infirm , providing equipment that can be used by someone in a wheelchair who wants to develop upper body strength .
" Many older people are n't exercising enough , " Gordon Lishman , director general of Age Concern , said .
" We are really keen for local authorities to offer a range of accessible and affordable facilities that promote physical activity in later life .
" Senior playgrounds exist in England , Germany , Japan , New Zealand , and Canada .
Besides games like Wii suggested ways of getting healthy outdoor exercise are : walking , biking or playing catch with the grandkids .
But an even better exercise might be urging city councils to add playgrounds for the elderly M. Thornley enjoys walking , writing and pursuing a raw vegan diet and lifestyle .
Voulant tester quelque chose dans une machine virtuelle , j'ai procédé à la réinstallation d'un Windows XP et les logiciels courants ( Flash , PDF , Java , antivirus ... ) .
Purée j'avais oublié à quel point l'installation de logiciels sous Windows pouvait être un tel CALVAIRE .
Java :
Naaann , je veux pas de cette putain de barre , je veux juste installer Java .
Non , je ne voulais pas de ce service supplémentaire de pré-chargement de Java dans mon système .
Ça t'aurait fait mal au cul de me demander mon avis avant d'installer ta bouse au cœur de mon système ?
OpenOffice.org :
Non je ne veux pas me déclarer auprès d'Oracle juste pour pouvoir taper un courrier .
Putain j'en ai rien à carrer de ce " Démarrage rapide " qui me bouffe de la RAM même quand je n'utilise pas OpenOffice.org .
Dégage !
Quand je veux lancer OOo , je suis assez grand pour cliquer sur l'icône moi-même .
Nan je ne veux pas être espionné gratuitement par Oracle .
PDF Creator :
Nan !
Toi là , touches pas à mon moteur de recherche par défaut !
Non je ne veux pas de ta toolbar à la con .
Bien vu de planquer ça dans des tonnes d'options , empaffé !
Avast :
NAN !
Je veux juste un antivirus , je suis pas en train d'installer un navigateur .
Acrobat PDF Reader :
Non je ne veux pas d'un putain d'antivirus McAfee , je veux juste télécharger de quoi lire des PDF .
Pourquoi j'ai besoin d'une extension Firefox pour installer de quoi lire des PDF ?
Pourquoi nous faire subir cet " Adobe Download Manager " à la con juste pour pouvoir lire des PDF ?
NAN !
Je veux pas être espionné gratuitement par Adobe .
Fichez - moi tranquille !
Comment ça il y a une mise à jour à installer ?
Mais je viens juste de le télécharger du site web officiel !
Et puis qu'est - ce que tu fous dans ma barre des tâches alors qu'Acrobat Reader n'est pas lancé ?!
Ah en plus il faut que je redémarre mon système entier juste pour le truc qui sert à lire des PDF ?
Mais oui , petit Adobe de mes deux , viens toi aussi installer ton petit service dans mon système .
Flash :
Non je ne veux toujours pas de McAfee .
Merde !
Pourquoi subir encore cette insanité de download manager ?
Pourquoi nous imposer le téléchargement d'une extension qui télécharge un programme qui télécharge le programme ?
Ça vous aurait fait mal au cul de mettre le lien direct ?
Je suis parfaitement capable de télécharger moi-même , abruti .
" Téléchargement et installation en progrès " ?
Moi je ne trouve pas que ça soit un progrès !
Safari :
Nan je ne veux pas que tu m'installes un protocole réseau supplémentaire dans Windows , je veux juste un putain de navigateur .
Ah merci les gars de vous inviter au démarrage du système : C'est vrai , plus on est de fous plus on rit ... sur le temps de démarrage .
Installer un service en plus dans mon système ça ne vous suffisait pas ?
Pourquoi je préfère Linux ?
Pourquoi je préfère Linux ?
Parce que je n'ai pas tous ces chieurs .
Raz - le - bol de parcourir 50 pages web pour télécharger le nécessaire pour pouvoir commencer à travailler , et passer mon temps à lancer 20 installeurs et décocher des cases dans tous les sens pour avoir juste ce dont j'ai besoin .
J'en ai assez de ces logiciels qui font leur pute à me proposer 3 tonnes de trucs dont j'ai rien à foutre - et encore !
- quand ils ne me les installent pas sans demander mon avis .
L'installation de logiciels sous Windows est une totale insanité .
Faut vraiment être maso pour rester sous Windows .
Et après on vient me dire qu'ajouter un dépôt sous Linux c'est compliqué .
Ouais , c'est sûr , c'est trop trop dur .
( Oui je sais sous Windows il y a le Framapack , mais ça ne résout pas tout .
Quand à AllMyApps.com , c'est complètement fumeux . )
Mise à jour 23 novembre 2010 : AllMyApps a été corrigé , il n'y a plus d'incompatibilité annoncée entre Firefox et 7 - Zip , par exemple .
( Pocket - lint ) - Adobe , fresh from its stinging attack from Apple supremo Steve Jobs , has now come under fire from Opera 's Phillip Grønvold .
Grønvold , speaking to Tech Radar said : " You can cook an egg on [ devices ] once you start running Flash on them " .
Grønvold stated that the Internet currently has to rely on Flash and admitted that Opera has no choice but to use it , because of its dominance .
He went on to say , though , that Flash was not on open web standard and indicated that it would continue to face heavy criticism if it did n't get involved in future open web standards .
He also berated Flash 's efficiency , saying that it made " very little sense " in terms of CPU , battery and Wi-Fi usage .
Yesterday , we told you how Adobe stated that it was making " the best tools in the world for HTML5 " , which is being developed as the next step forward for internet coding .
Grønvold also told Tech Radar that HTML5 would be " immensely critical for the web " .
If Grønvold 's prediction is right then Adobe must also be true to its word in terms of HTML 5 , or it could be left behind .
It 's not been the best couple of weeks for Adobe , although its snuggling up with Google at the Web 2.0 Expo would have , at least , provided some relief .
Writing by Paul Lamkin .
Student researchers at Northeastern University have designed an apparatus to convert plastic waste into clean energy while minimizing the release of harmful emissions .
Under the leadership of Yiannis Levendis , distinguished professor of mechanical and industrial engineering , a team of undergraduate and graduate engineering students developed a waste combustor , which breaks down non-biodegradable plastics to create an alternative source of fuel .
Their prototype was featured at the fifth annual MIT Energy Conference this past March .
The team worked for nine months on the research , which , for the undergraduates , was their senior capstone project .
Self - sustainability is the key to the double - tank combustor design .
Plastic waste is first processed in an upper tank through pyrolysis , which converts solid plastic into gas .
Next , the gas flows to a lower tank , where it is burned with oxidants to generate heat and steam .
The heat sustains the combustor while the steam can be used to generate electric power .
“ The prototype can be scaled up to drive a large power plant , which could connect to a plastic recycling center for a constant flow of fuel , ” said David Laskowski , an undergraduate student working on the team .
Levendis , who has pursued research on the combustion of plastics and other post - consumer wastes for the past 20 years , is currently focusing on the concept of vaporizing solid plastic waste , which would reduce levels of harmful emissions during the combustion process .
“ The inspiration behind my research is the quest to develop clean , cost - efficient power sources in the face of dwindling fossil fuel reserves , ” Levendis said .
“ It will also help get rid of unsightly , non-biodegradable plastic waste that cannot be recycled . ”
According to Laskowski , calculations show that the new technology has the potential of replacing up to 462 million gallons of petroleum in the United States alone , if all recycled plastics were to be processed .
“ We are currently consuming highly - priced conventional premium fuels ( to produce electricity ) .
The fuel developed using this system will lower the cost of electricity for future generations , ” Levendis said .
The team members included Jeff Young , Shane McElroy , Jason Lee , David Laskowski , David Garufi , and Paul Conroy , all senior undergraduate students ; and Brendan Hall and Chuanwei Zhuo , who are graduate students .
With the success of their prototype , Hall and Zhuo plan to continue working with Levendis on further development of the project .
Teresa Cheong is a media relations assistant in the marketing and communications department at Northeastern University .
Six people have died and another 15 have been injured during a riot in a Venezuelan prison , officials say .
The violence broke out at Los Teques prison , near the capital Caracas , on Sunday , during visiting hours for relatives .
It was not immediately known what sparked the incident .
Violence is common in Venezuela 's prisons , where rival groups sometimes fight for control of cell blocks or the sale of drugs .
Prison official Consuelo Serrada said that eight of the injured inmates at Los Teques were taken to hospital , while the rest were treated at the jail , according to Venezuela 's state media .
The official added that the authorities had the situation under control .
Akerlof and Kranton 's Economics of Identity explains why SpongeBob is so happy .
An identity is a sense of self , " this is who I am " .
Every one of us has many identities - our gender , nationality , religion , and so on .
Doing things that reaffirm our identity make us feel good .
Doing something that violates our identity , for example , going into the opposite - sex restroom , cause inner conflict .
SpongeBob is happy because his life experiences - flipping burgers - reaffirm his sense of himself as an excellent fry cook .
SpongeBob 's story has a moral for education policy .
Schools and universities shape people 's identities .
According to Akerlof and Kranton , " schools not only impart skills .
Schools also impart an image of ideal students , in terms of characteristics and behavior . "
SpongeBob is not an ideal student .
He fails his boating test and terrifies his boating instructor , Mrs Puff .
His talents are innate , not learned .
But this does not matter - his sense of self is not tied to his educational achievement .
Squidward Tentacles , SpongeBob 's co-worker , probably did better in school than SpongeBob did .
He has intellectual pretensions , to play clarinet and to dance .
But these aspirations only make him miserable in his job as a cashier at Krusty Krab .
Canada , like many other countries , has expanded access to post - secondary education , but the demand for educated workers has not kept up to the supply .
A study by Marc Frenette based on data from the 1980s and 1990s found over thirty percent of university graduates were over - qualified for their jobs .
Studies also find that over - qualified workers are less satisfied at work .
Now it could be that some of these workers are in jobs they are over - qualified for because , like Squidward , they are not as talented as they think they are .
But still , there is a real possibility that education can make people worse off if it creates a dissonance between people 's identities ( " I am an economist " ) and their lived experience ( " I am a greeter at Walmart " ) .
This line of reasoning can quickly lead to a Brave New World where people are identified as potential leaders ( alphas ) or workers ( epsilons ) at an early age and conditioned , trained and drugged so that they are happy with their lot in life .
Indeed one could imagine SpongeBob SquarePants and the joys of making burgers being required viewing for epsilons in a 21st century dystopia - Scooby Doo and his gang are much too meddlesome and inquisitive .
Despite the real dangers of over - qualification , I want my children to go to university , because I know that without a university education they have few chances of finding interesting and / or adequately paid employment .
And I want them to experience the joys of intellectual discovery and ill - lit student pubs .
Going to university is still a rational choice for many students .
And universities make more money when they admit more students .
Universities have high fixed costs ( buildings , facilities , tenured faculty ) and low marginal costs .
I get paid the same whether I teach 40 students or 400 , so the university has every incentive to put as many students in front of me as possible .
But the outcome of rational individual calculations is ever - increasing numbers of graduates chasing a limited number of good jobs , and under - employed Squidwards .
In Canada , the problem of over - qualification is exacerbated by our immigration system .
Canada admits immigrants on a point system that gives preference to highly educated candidates .
However research by Phil Oreopoulos suggests that Canadian employers place little to no weight on foreign credentials and experience , while Steven Wald and Tony Fang and others have found that immigrants are more likely to be over educated for the jobs they hold .
Moving from one country to another has profound implications for a person 's identity - are you now Canadian , hyphenated Canadian , or do you retain the identity of your ancestors ?
Do you become a Squidward , working in a job you despise ?
Or do you build your self - respect by finding an identity outside of your employment - through family , community , sports or religion , perhaps .
People , especially in the US , used to talk about the idea of a melting pot - people shedding old identities and forming a new common culture .
But when I googled ' melting pot ' just now , the top hit was for a fondue recipe .
Sometimes a melting pot is nothing more than a pot for melting cheese or chocolate .
And sometimes a talking sponge is nothing more than a talking sponge - absorbent and yellow and porous .
Young horse people can learn a great deal from a relationship with a horse — personal responsibility , problem - solving , self - confidence and communication .
While having a horse in the family can be rewarding , being a successful horse owner requires a great deal of time , money , and a lasting commitment to the care and well - being of the animal .
The keys to a long - term , successful relationship with a horse are twofold : making sure you choose an appropriate horse for your goals , skill level and resources , and having the knowledge and understanding to properly care for your horse daily .
First make sure you 're up for owning a horse
For most equestrians , the first step to horse ownership is riding lessons at a local barn , where children learn how to safely lead , groom , tack up , and ride a horse correctly .
While these experiences are a great introduction to horses and a way to gauge your child 's longterm interest , they typically do n't teach your child everything he or she needs to be a successful horse owner .
A good way to test the waters of ownership is to lease a horse , paying a portion of the boarding costs for someone else 's horse in exchange for riding and care privileges .
You can get a better sense of how willing your child is to schlep to the barn to feed or water your horse or deal responsibly with sudden lameness or behavior challenges .
If leasing is n't an option , consider gaining hands - on experience by volunteering at a local horse rescue , therapeutic riding center or community stable .
Know the costs of basic care
Whether you keep your horse at home or at a boarding barn , basic care costs a few thousand dollars per year .
In addition to food ( hay and grain ) , water ( 8 - 12 gallons per day ) and shelter , horses require regular hoof care , dental care , deworming , vaccinations , tack and equipment ( $ 200 and up ) .
Training , lessons , and attire costs quickly add up , too .
The purchase price is usually the cheapest part of having a horse — it 's the ongoing financial outlay for care and training that can add up over time .
Where to look for a horse
First - time horse owners should not navigate the world of horse shopping unassisted .
A horse - savvy friend or teacher is a good resource , as are the hundreds of horse rescue organizations across the country .
These rescues take in adoptable horses and match them up with appropriate adopters .
Rescues are primarily interested in ensuring the horse and rider are a good match .
They have a variety of horses to choose from — and if a horse does n't work out , they will typically take the horse back .
You may also want to look into the sizeable network of responsible horse breeders ( PDF ) across the U.S .
Be ready for a lifelong commitment
Horses can live well into their thirties , and many remain rideable well into their twenties .
Are you willing to provide care to the horse for the remainder of his life ?
If you can't provide care , are you willing to find another loving home for the horse ?
Many new horse owners do n't realize that horses sent to weekly livestock auctions may be sold to middlemen for slaughter plants , which brutally slaughter slaughter horses for human consumption abroad .
More tips and information can be found in our book The Humane Society of the United States ' Complete Guide to Horse Care ( PDF )
It does n't matter how many locks you put on the door that is your security plan , because criminals who use social engineering techniques will still sail right in .
Why bother breaking down the door if you can simply ask the person inside to let you in ?
That is the question posed by Lenny Zeltser , head of the security consulting team at Savvis and a SANS Institute faculty member .
" There is often a debate about what is more prevalent and more dangerous :
Is it the outsider threat or the insider threat ? " said Zeltser .
" Once you accept the success of social engineering , you will recognize there is no distinction anymore .
If you have an outsider , and they use a social engineering technique , they become an insider . "
Also get CSO 's Ultimate Guide to Social Engineering [ 13 - page PDF - free CSO Insider registration required ]
Zeltser , who frequently presents at security conferences around the country , lays out the four ways social engineers compromise a person 's security defenses and gain easy access to sensitive information .
1. Alternative communication channels
Scam artists make use of alternative channels of communication because they catch people off guard , said Zeltser .
" Attackers find their victims are more susceptible to influence when the attacker engages them using a different medium than the victim is use to , " he said .
He pointed to the example of a scam that used windshield flyers .
The flyers alerted drivers that their car was " in violation of standard parking regulations " and asked them to log onto a site where they could get more information .
" If you got a spam message that said this , you probably would have disregarded it , " noted Zeltser .
" But when people got this notice in the physical world , outside of the normal channel they are used to being on guard in , they went to horribleparking .com and they saw some pictures of improperly parked cars in their own town .
Of course , if they wanted to see their own vehicle parked improperly , they had to download this media player .
If they downloaded it , they infected themselves with a fake antivirus tool . "
Zeltser also pointed to vishing scams , where victims receive voice mails asking them to contact their bank about fraudulent account activity as another variation of this kind of attack .
People call the number and are prompted by a series of voice commands to enter sensitive information , or they are connected with someone claiming to be a bank representative .
Also read Social engineering attacks : Highlights from 2010 [ CSO Insider registration required ]
" People tend to trust phone communication more than they trust email communications , " said Zeltser .
And USB keys are another example of an alternative - channel exploit .
Zeltser referred to a recent example of an attack using USB keys that spread the Conficker worm , and noted that victims are often not suspicious of USB keys and put them right into the machine without a second thought .
While it used to be standard for computer users to scan floppy disks for problems , the same protocol does not exist with USB keys .
" Floppys went away , and we forgot about security , " he said
2. Personally - relevant messaging
People do n't want to just get e-mail , they want me -mail , according to Zeltser .
A message that is more personally interesting is going to get more attention , and criminals know that .
He referred to one worm variant that spread by spamming victims with messages that claimed to contain breaking news that just occurred in their local town .
" They caught the victim 's attention , " said Zeltser .
" How ?
Because they used the geo-location database to determine where victims were coming from and then customized this link . "
Of course , if the recipient of the fake message wanted to " read more " about the local news story , they had to down load a video player , and instead ended up with malware .
Another variation on this kind of scam involves spoofing messages to look like they come from a trusted source .
One common attack lately uses delivery company UPS as the scapegoat .
The message from " UPS " claims there was a failed attempt to deliver a package , and asks the victim to print out an invoice to take to the UPS center to pick it up .
" If I print it , it 's probably going to be a malicious executable or a malicious PDF file , and that 's how they got me , " said Zeltser .
" How do we tell our users not to open attachments from people they do n't know ?
It 's not very useful advice anymore .
Because the messages that come to them are from people they are likely to know .
So it 's impractical .
We need to figure out something else to tell our users . "
3. Social compliance
It is human nature to want to do what others are doing , noted Zeltser .
And our tendency to follow the crowd can also make us social engineering victims .
Criminals know you will be more inclined to trust something that is popular , or recommended by trusted sources .
It 's this kind of psychology that lead to the success of the recent ' likejacking ' attacks on Facebook earlier this month .
Facebook users were fooled into ' liking ' websites that claimed to have information about celebrity secrets or photos .
Instead , victims found themselves clicking on a maliciously - created website produced by hackers who had hidden an invisible button under the mouse .
Clicking on the website hijacked the mouse click and secretly caused users to ' like ' the webpage .
This activity was then published the victim 's Facebook page , and gave the malicious page legitimacy , causing others to also ' like ' it .
Criminals have also exploited social compliance by uploading malicious software onto a file sharing site where software junkies go to find the latest and greatest products , said Zeltser .
" The worm then kept hitting the download to artificially inflate the counter so the file would float to the top and appeared as the most popular download , " he explained .
" If other people like it and download it , I want to see what others download and I download it . "
4. Reliance on security mechanisms
Because we are so used to certain security mechanisms , and often take them for granted , they are no longer protecting us , according to Zeltser .
Zeltser retold the tale of a scam that featured a social engineer dressed as a police officer who comes into a store .
He tells the clerk there have been counterfeit bills passed in the area , and gives the clerk a special pen , which he says can be used to verify real or fake money and will turn red on bills that are n't legitimate .
Later , someone else comes in and passes a fake bill .
The clerk flags the bill as possibly fake and uses the pen .
But the ink turns green , which indicates it 's OK .
But in reality , the pen itself was fake , too , and would never have uncovered a fake bill in the first place .
But the clerk 's trust in the police makes this con work .
The same holds true for the many security updates computer users have become accustomed to getting .
Flash updates , for example , have been used in this type of exploit .
" You go to site , you get an error message that says you need to download the latest version of Flash , " said Zeltser .
" The victim has no way of knowing if they are downloading a legitimate tool , and in many cases they are not .
But our victims have been subjected to these messages over and over again and they are so used to the pseudo - security mechanism of the Flash upgrade , that at this point an attacker can use it against them . "
So how do we keep outsiders out ?
What do these four strategies mean for security ?
That the outsider can very easily become an insider , said Zeltser .
And so far , training employees to be aware of social engineering has failed .
" When we look at our security architecture , we need to start thinking less , and focusing less , on external barriers , " he said .
" Focus more on what goes on inside the organization .
We need to be putting more focus on internal segmentation of resources and internal monitoring of traffic that goes within and outside of your environment .
And focus on giving your users as little privilege as they need .
Not because you do n't trust them , but because you know they can easily be scammed and you are trying to protect them . "
( Photo by Gerold & Cynthia Merker / Getty Images )
As venomous snakes go , the coral snake is a clumsy biter .
Unlike pit vipers such as rattlesnakes and cottonmouths , which have gruesomely efficient fangs that articulate forward during a strike and inject venom like hypodermic needles , the brightly colored coral snake has small , rear - facing fangs that guide venom into a wound .
This process does n't always work well -- experts estimate that 25 percent of coral snake envenomations are dry bites -- which is perhaps why the coral is so unaggressive .
The snake is found throughout Florida , as well as in parts of Alabama , South Carolina , Louisiana , Texas and Arizona , but there are generally only about 100 or so bites each year .
What the coral lacks in belligerence , it makes up for in neurotoxicity .
Unlike bites from pit vipers , which cause immense pain and swelling at the wound site , coral snake victims usually report little pain after being bitten .
But the effects begin to show within hours , with symptoms such as tingling sensations in the extremities , dysarthria ( slurred speech ) and ptosis ( droopy eyelids ) .
Then a victim 's lungs shut down .
" The venom acts as a neuromuscular blockade to the lungs , " University of Florida professor of medicine Craig Kitchens says .
" Without antivenom , you need artificial respiration or you die . "
Unfortunately , after Oct. 31 of this year , there may be no commercially available antivenom ( antivenin ) left .
That 's the expiration date on existing vials of Micrurus fulvius , the only antivenom approved by the Food and Drug Administration for coral snake bites .
Produced by Wyeth , now owned by Pfizer , the antivenom was approved for sale in 1967 , in a time of less stringent regulation .
Wyeth kept up production of coral snake antivenom for almost 40 years .
But given the rarity of coral snake bites , it was hardly a profit center , and the company shut down the factory that made the antivenom in 2003 .
Wyeth worked with the FDA to produce a five - year supply of the medicine to provide a stopgap while other options were pursued .
After that period , the FDA extended the expiration date on existing stock from 2008 to 2009 , and then again from 2009 to 2010 .
But as of press time , no new manufacturer has stepped forward .
Antivenom shortages are a surprisingly common occurrence .
The entire state of Arizona ran out of antivenom for scorpion stings after Marilyn Bloom , an envenomation specialist at Arizona State University , retired in 1999 .
Bloom had been single - handedly making all the scorpion antivenom for state hospitals .
Recently , Merck &
Co , the only FDA - licensed producer of black widow antivenom , has cut back distribution because of a production shortage of the drug .
In a 2007 report , the World Health Organization listed worldwide envenomations as a " neglected public health issue . "
New scorpion and black widow antivenoms are currently in the pipeline , thanks to efforts by several poison - control associations to speed foreign drugs into the market through FDA research programs .
There is also a coral snake antivenom produced by Mexican drug manufacturer Instituto Bioclon that researchers believe could be even more effective and safe than the outgoing Wyeth product .
But that drug , Coralmyn , is not currently licensed for sale by the FDA .
The tests required for licensing would cost millions of dollars , and for such a rare treatment ( there are 15 times as many scorpion stings per year as coral snake bites ) , it could take decades for Bioclon to make its money back .
Envenomation experts express exasperation and disbelief at the situation .
" It 's ridiculous that we 're losing a technology that we already have , " says Joe Pittman , a snakebite treatment specialist at the Florida Poison Information Center in Tampa .
" It 's even more ludicrous that we have a product that 's available , and we have to jump through so many hoops to get it approved . "
In July 2009 , an FDA advisory board determined that Coralmyn qualified for an accelerated approval process , but there is still no one with the estimated $ 3 million to $ 5 million to pay for the required studies .
" Nobody in this situation is being a bad actor , " says Eric Lavonas of the Rocky Mountain Poison and Drug Center .
" We just do n't have a system set up to deal with it . "
With no adequate replacement for coral snake antivenom , hospitals are likely to appeal to local zoos , many of which maintain small stocks for their staff .
But zoos are under no obligation to provide the medicine .
If and when shortages do occur , many hospitals will have no other option but to intubate coral snake bite victims on ventilators for weeks until the effects of the toxin wear off -- potentially costing hundreds of thousands of dollars per bite .
" It 's probably going to end up costing us far more not to deal with this than to deal with it , " Lavonas says , " both in human suffering , and in dollars and cents . "
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
Protect Everything That Matters
Keeping their family and valuables safe is anyone ’s number one priority .
One way to ensure that is by taking the right insurance policies .
Insuring your family ’s health and assets , like a house or car , is imperative .
However , getting insurance coverage can become overwhelming if you do n’t know what to do .
Even one mistake can burn a hole in your pocket .
But , it does n’t have to be that way .
Auto Driver enables you to compare insurance quotes and access the information you need to make the process easier .
2:07 pm
Marijuana Policy Project
Colorado Gives Marijuana Dispensaries Legal Status
1:56 pm
Marijuana Policy Project
New Marijuana Ordinance Could Have Disastrous Impact on Los Angeles
1:55 pm
Institute for Public Accuracy ( IPA )
Actually , the Ship Was Not Turkish - Flagged
1:53 pm
Center for Constitutional Rights ( CCR )
CCR Endorses New Report Showing Evidence of Bush Administration Human Experimentation on Men in CIA Secret Detention
1:52 pm
Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington
CREW Asks HHS IG to Investigate Tobacco Panel 's Conflicts of Interest
1:50 pm
Food & Water Watch
BP Means Risky Business in North Atlantic
1:49 pm
World Wildlife Fund ( WWF )
China and US Both Have Capacity to Measure and Report CO2 Emissions , Says WWF
1:26 pm
Brave New Foundation
The War in Afghanistan Reaches New Milestone : Longest War in US History , Surpasses the Vietnam War
11:04 am
Center for Economic and Policy Research ( CEPR )
Social Security and the Age of Retirement
In his 2007 book , Religious Literacy , Stephen Prothero identified a dangerous contradiction .
Americans are not only profoundly religious , but also profoundly uneducated about religion — including their own .
The enormous role of religion in contemporary politics means that religious literacy is nothing less than a civic responsibility .
Now , with God Is Not One : The Eight Rival Religions that Run the World — and Why Their Differences Matter , Prothero provides a crash course in Religion 101 for the legions of religious illiterates .
Prothero , however , has written much more than a mere textbook .
His guide to the world ’s eight most important religions is informed by his insistence that religions , rather than offering different paths toward the same truth , begin with different problems and offer different solutions .
If this approach appears contentious , it ’s because Prothero is entering a public religious debate characterized by absolutist claims .
Religion is either wholly terrible , a virus of the mind as Richard Dawkins has characterized it , or mankind ’s greatest treasure , because , as Karen Armstrong has written , “ Homo sapiens is also Homo religiosus . ”
Prothero offers a moment of reasoned calm amidst the mudslinging .
If there is to be peace , he argues , we must understand and accept differences , rather than deny them .
Informed by this sensitivity to diversity , Prothero finds the divine in the details .
The beauty of the world ’s religions lies not in their ineffable universality , but in the concrete particularity of their expressions .
I spoke with Prothero on evangelical atheists , wishfully - thinking scholars , and the politics of the 21st century ’s most important religion .
Garrett Baer :
The title God Is Not One echoes that of New Atheist Christopher Hitchens ’ God Is Not Great , and it sounds like a refutation of the Shema .
Then the subtitle makes it clear that you are arguing against the religious universalism of authors like Karen Armstrong .
Where does the title — and the book — locate you within these debates about contemporary religion ?
Stephen Prothero : I read it as a refutation of the notion that there is only one way to figure the mathematics of divinity .
Yes , God = 1 according to the Shema , the Trinity , and the Quran .
But God = 0 according to many Buddhists , Confucians , and Daoists .
And God is > 1 according to many traditional Hindus .
In a backhanded way , I think I am arguing for the Shema to be the Shema .
Why do we have to pretend that Jewish monotheists are saying essentially the same thing as Hindu polytheists and Buddhist nontheists ?
Let each be what it is — which is to say , recognize that we are bumping up against genuine religious diversity here .
Baer :
But could n’t there be a place for “ perennial philosophers ” like Karen Armstrong , Huston Smith , and Joseph Campbell to privilege universal aspects of religion ?
Or is that approach inherently misguided ?
In other words , do you see your book as refuting the perennial philosophers , or providing a necessary complement ?
Prothero : I have no problem with theologians advancing the theological proposition that the religions are essentially the same .
This is Ramakrishna ’s point , and I ’m happy to let Ramakrishna be Ramakrishna .
What I oppose is the sleight of hand that turns this subjective theological desire about how things ought to be into an objective analytical fact about how things really are .
I have used Huston Smith ’s The World ’s Religions in my courses for years , but I always read him more as a theologian than as a religious studies scholar .
It is the masquerading of theology as analysis that I ’m opposed to here .
Baer :
In the introduction to that book , Smith writes , “ Every religion mixes universal principles with local peculiarities . ”
Why ca n’t differences be confined just to such particularities , while making room for what may be universal ?
Prothero :
Well , you can look at perennialism from two perspectives .
One is to see its universalism derived from common human experience .
The other is to see its universalism derived from the one divine reality that undergirds that experience .
Either way , however , you elide the radical pluralism I at least see all around us .
We all live on the same earth , but how common , really , is human experience ?
And how much in common , really , do the various gods have ?
Baer :
You suggest that religious literacy is a civic responsibility , and that assuming all religions are the same may even be dangerous .
Of course , both the New Atheists and the religious universalists could be said to have political motivations guiding their approaches .
What is the political backdrop here ?
Prothero : I think both these perspectives are driven by desire — the desire of the universalists to embrace all religions as equally true and beautiful and the desire of the New Atheists to reject all religions as equally false and poisonous .
As for politics , I do n’t know , though I ’d say there is a shared naïveté .
You may wish to end religious conflict by blinking and making all religions the same .
Or you may wish to end religious conflict by blinking and making all religion go away .
But the world is what it is .
And , as citizens and political animals , we need to reckon with reality rather than with desire .
Baer :
How much have they succeeded ?
What , for instance , do you think will become of atheism in the new century ?
Prothero :
It is going into a teeny tiny corner .
Atheists account for roughly two percent of the U.S. population , and while atheism has gained a foothold in Western Europe , it is moribund almost everywhere else in the world .
We live on a religious planet , and arguments from atheists — are at least at this point — are proving impotent to change that .
Baer : Still , today , the New Atheists have succeeded in attracting a lot of public attention ?
Is n’t this significant ?
Prothero :
The public role of the New Atheists is , in my view , important .
Most obviously , they are raising questions about precisely the things many people value most , not least God , Jesus , and the Bible .
More urgently , however , they are calling the Religious Right to task .
There used to be a gentleman ’s agreement that kept both our faith and our doubt out of the public square .
After Christians raced into U.S. politics in the 1970s and 1980s , that agreement was breached .
Many of the New Atheists are criticizing the God proposition not only because they do n’t believe it but also because they object to the conservative political uses to which that proposition has been put .
Here too they are advancing the conversation , by pointing out there is a price to pay for enlisting God in political projects .
Baer :
After covering the “ eight rival religions , ” you give atheism a tenuous position within that pantheon by adding a ninth chapter dedicated to the topic .
You write that “ atheism is a religion of sorts , or can be . ”
Is n’t this a contradiction in terms ?
Prothero :
One argument of my coda on the New Atheism is that many atheists are religious against their own intentions .
But not all New Atheists are religious .
It depends on the person .
But atheism as a whole would be less religious if it were less emotional and less evangelistic .
Baer : Proselytizing atheists like Dawkins have carved out a niche within a largely religious public sphere .
Would a less emotional , less evangelistic atheism be capable of maintaining even this degree of influence ?
Prothero : I feel quite certain that a less emotional and less evangelistic atheism would garner far more influence .
Atheism has a brand problem .
Lots of the people who do not believe in God refuse to call themselves atheists .
Why ?
Because they do n’t want to be associated with proselytizers .
Baer :
The chapter on Islam concludes , “ The nineteenth and twentieth centuries may have belonged to Christianity .
The twenty - first belongs to Islam . ”
That ’s a big statement bound to ruffle some feathers .
Is it safe to dismiss the possibility that adaptation could sustain Christianity ’s dominance ?
Prothero : I am not dismissing the possibility that Christianity will continue to change .
In fact , I expect it .
But I also see the pendulum swinging in terms of global influence toward Islam .
That said , I am a historian not a futurologist ( or whatever modern - day prognosticators are called ) .
So who really knows ?
All I can do is call it as I see it , and I see this century as an Islamic one .
Baer : I was surprised to see Judaism placed seventh in importance , with only a brief mention of the Israeli state .
What factors played a role in this decision ?
Prothero : Judaism is the trickiest case here .
In terms of historical influence , it may be number one , since it gave rise to the two religions — Christianity and Islam — that now account for over half of the world ’s population .
But in terms of contemporary impact it is tiny .
There are about as many Jews in the world as there are people in Mumbai .
Baer : Still , it seems that if Islam ’s influence continues to expand , then the political significance of Judaism , or at least Israel , will also increase , regardless of the Jewish population .
How do you understand the relationship between Israel and the contemporary significance of Judaism ?
Prothero : The Middle East is the world ’s hottest religio- political hotspot , and Israel stands at the center of that .
But at the center of the Israel - Palestine problem stand Jews , Christians , and Muslims .
At some point , numbers matter .
And there are only 14 million or so Jews in the world , over against about 25 million Sikhs .
I feel far worse about not including Sikhs in “ God is Not One ” than about ranking Judaism seventh .
Baer :
For me , the most striking expression of your emphasis on diversity was the amount of space you gave to the Yoruba religion , which many Americans and Europeans have n’t even heard of .
Prothero : I hope my book changes that .
Baer : You say God Is Not One was written for “ readers asking for a single book they could read to become religiously literate . ”
What lessons — from your teaching experience , friends , or your encounters with various religious texts — most influenced the final shape and argument of the book ?
Prothero :
For the most part I try to describe the key beliefs and practices and stories of each of the great religions .
But of course I can only do so from my particular perspective , so I try to fess up throughout when it comes to what that perspective might be .
I did make a conscious decision in writing this book not to censor myself , as religious studies professors are trained to do .
If I found a passage in the Qur’an troubling , I have to assume that many of my readers might also .
So I wrestle with that passage , and with why it troubled me .
Similarly , if there is a story in Daoism that delights me , I suspect that some of my readers might be delighted by it too .
One of the things that is lost when you insist on lumping the world ’s religions together into one mash - up is the unique beauty of each .
I try to give voice to that unique beauty , without neglecting , of course , the unique dangers each brings to the world of religions .
Sackboy makes a friend By jubbliful Watch
3 Favourites 3 Comments 855 Views
My new Sackboy !!
I had lots of nice comments about my little cream coloured sackboy , so i thought i would make him a friend !
IMAGE DETAILS Image size 3264x2448px 3.39 MB
Make PENTAX Corporation Model PENTAX Optio V10 Shutter Speed 1/20 second Aperture F/3.1 Focal Length 6 mm ISO Speed 800 Date Taken May 31 , 2008 , 9:44:36 AM
Show More
Published : Oct 22 , 2009
Astronomers have glimpsed what could be the youngest known star at the very moment it is being born .
Not yet fully developed into a true star , the object is in the earliest stages of star formation and has just begun pulling in matter from a surrounding envelope of gas and dust , according to a new study that appears in the current issue of the Astrophysical Journal .
The study 's authors -- who include astronomers from Yale University , the Harvard - Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics and the Max Planck Institute for Astronomy in Germany -- found the object using the Submillimeter Array in Hawaii and the Spitzer Space Telescope .
Known as L1448 - IRS2E , it 's located in the Perseus star - forming region , about 800 light years away within our Milky Way galaxy .
Stars form out of large , cold , dense regions of gas and dust called molecular clouds , which exist throughout the galaxy .
Astronomers think L1448 - IRS2E is in between the prestellar phase , when a particularly dense region of a molecular cloud first begins to clump together , and the protostar phase , when gravity has pulled enough material together to form a dense , hot core out of the surrounding envelope .
" It 's very difficult to detect objects in this phase of star formation , because they are very short - lived and they emit very little light , " said Xuepeng Chen , a postdoctoral associate at Yale and lead author of the paper .
The team detected the faint light emitted by the dust surrounding the object .
Most protostars are between one to 10 times as luminous as the Sun , with large dust envelopes that glow at infrared wavelengths .
Because L1448 - IRS2E is less than one tenth as luminous as the Sun , the team believes the object is too dim to be considered a true protostar .
Yet they also discovered that the object is ejecting streams of high - velocity gas from its center , confirming that some sort of preliminary mass has already formed and the object has developed beyond the prestellar phase .
This kind of outflow is seen in protostars ( as a result of the magnetic field surrounding the forming star ) , but has not been seen at such an early stage until now .
The team hopes to use the new Herchel space telescope , launched last May , to look for more of these objects caught between the earliest stages of star formation so they can better understand how stars grow and evolve .
" Stars are defined by their mass , but we still do n't know at what stage of the formation process a star acquires most of its mass , " said Héctor Arce , assistant professor of astronomy at Yale and an author of the paper .
" This is one of the big questions driving our work . "
Other authors of the paper include Qizhou Zhang and Tyler Bourke of the Harvard - Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics ; and Ralf Launhardt , Markus Schmalzl and Thomas Henning of the Max Planck Institute for Astronomy .
Could the oil spill really drive a giant like BP into bankruptcy ?
Well , sure .
Just ask Texaco .
This outcome might seem far - fetched right now .
But on Wall Street bankers have already coined a term for it : “ the Texaco scenario . ”
In 1987 , Texaco was forced to file for Chapter 11 because it could not afford to pay a jury award worth $ 1 billion to Pennzoil .
That award had been knocked down by a judge from a whopping $ 10.53 billion .
( Pennzoil successfully sued Texaco for “ jumping ” its planned merger with Getty Oil , in part , by moving the case to local court near its headquarters .
The jury awarded triple damages . )
Imagine the BP case playing out in a Louisiana courtroom , against the backdrop of an oil - choked local economy , high unemployment and an angry public .
How high can you count ?
Under the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 , BP ’s liability for economic devastation — above the cost of the cleanup — is capped at $ 75 million , a number Mr. Hayward has already said he plans to blow through .
But if BP is found to have violated safety regulations , which seems likely , that cap becomes irrelevant .
I 'm at the first Labour leadership hustings at the GMB conference in Southport .
And the very first question from the chair , Mary Turner ?
" As Labour leader , would you invite Peter Mandelson to join your shadow cabinet ? "
" All of us believe in dignity in retirement , " replied Ed Miliband .
I am very pleased to announce the second release of the Glyph Document Authoring Framework .
For those who do n’t know , Glyph is a pure - Ruby , extensible solution to author documents like books or articles using a simple , fully - customizable markup language .
Since the first release , came out , last month , a lot happened .
Plenty of bugs were fixed and new features implemented , as shown by the changelog .
Here ’s a brief rundown of the most notable changes .
What Glyph code looks like Earlier this week I blogged about my new Glyph vim syntax file .
I ’ve been using it for a while , and all I can say is that it really helps !
Here ’s what it looks like : I ’m sorry for the Emacs and TextMate folks , but I only use Vim , so I only made a Vim syntax file .
Anyhow , Glyph grammar is very simple , so rolling out your own syntax file for your favorite editor should n’t be too hard .
Notable features Single - file compilation Perhaps the most life - changing feature in this release is the possibility of compiling a single Glyph source file into an HTML or PDF file .
This means you no longer need to create a full - blown project for writing a short article : just create a file anywhere and run glyph compile filename .
glyph on it !
The good thing is that with this new release you can also define snippets , configuration settings , and even macros right into your Glyph files , so you can do almost anything without having to create a project or fiddle with YAML files .
Programmatic usage
The second most notable feature is the possibility to use Glyph as a Ruby library , i.e. as you ’d use a filter like RedCloth or MarkDown .
Additionally , it is also possible to compile single files programmatically , so you can , for example , create PDF files for your articles from the same source file .
Do n’t believe me ?
Feel free to click the Download PDF and View Source links on this very page to see for yourself …
For those of you using the awesome nanoc static site generator , here ’s a few source files you may want to take a look at : lib / glyph - data.rb —
How to update configuration settings .
lib / glyph - data.rb — a simple Glyph filter .
Rules — a rule using the Glyph # compile method to generate PDF files .
Auto - regeneration
Another very interesting feature is the possibility to auto - regenerate your output files automatically whenever a source file is changed .
Just run glyph compile -- auto and you ’re away .
I ’d like to thank Sebastian Staudt for proposing , implementing , and testing this feature .
Conditional macros
Finally , although it may worry some , I added the possibility to evaluate conditional expressions directly in Glyph .
The syntax is a bit verbose due to the extreme simplicity of Glyph parser , but it does the job : ?[ and [ eq [ $ [ document.output ] |pdf ] | eq [ $[tools.pdf_generator ] |prince ] ] | style[ pagination.css ] ]
The snippet above can be used to include the pagination.css stylesheet only when generating a PDF file with Prince XML .
by Sunny Hundal
[ hat - tip @bevanitellie for alerting me )
That pretty much sums up this confused government .
Tory bloggers were yesterday furiously trying to defend this attack on our civil liberties .
Iain Dale and Tory Bear both claimed the tent was on a world heritage site .
It is not ( via @hannahnicklin ) .
Later it became an issue about the protest being an “ eyesore ” or “ making life harder for tourists ” or because it was “ semi- permanent ” .
What an atrocious measure of whether protests should be allowed or not .
Say hello to the new boss .
Same as the old boss .
There was at least one Conservative who got it .
David Skelton writes :
Needless to say , whether you agree with the demonstrators or not should be beside the point .
If you believe in freedom to protest then you believe in freedom to protest .
The right to protest should not be limited because you do not agree with the views of the protestors or because you believe that the protest is creating an ‘ eyesore ’ ( which is , after all , a subjective term anyhow ) .
The right to protest should certainly not be limited because it causes a minor inconvenience to Members of Parliament .
I doubt many other Tories will rally to the cause .
Federal prosecutors will not bring criminal charges against current and former American International Group Inc. executives for their role surrounding financial contracts that nearly brought down the insurer about two years ago , according to people familiar with the matter .
The decision brings to a close a criminal investigation that , while mostly under wraps , was widely followed .
The September 2008 bailout of AIG was one of the biggest and most shocking of the financial crisis , as trading by a noninsurance unit brought down one of the most iconic financial companies world - wide .
The probe focused on Joseph Cassano , who headed a London - based unit of AIG called Financial Products , people familiar with the matter have said .
Other executives at the unit , Andrew Forster and Tom Athan , also were targets of the investigation , these people said .
" The system worked , " said lawyers F. Joseph Warin and Jim Walden of Gibson , Dunn & Crutcher LLP , who represent Mr. Cassano , in a statement on Friday .
" The large group of federal agents and prosecutors was diligent and professional throughout the investigation , and our client is grateful that they did their jobs by following the facts to the end . "
David M. Brodsky and Richard Owens of Latham & Watkins LLP , who represented Mr. Forster , said Friday that " the facts were stronger than the emotions surrounding AIG 's problems , " and that they knew they could convince prosecutors " that our client at all times acted in good faith . "
I know I 've heard it somewhere - is it from a game ?
it 's called Ug .
You may recognise it from early Weebl and Bob episodes and iPhone game Rolando .
And probably lots of other places - it 's a pretty old track now .
( , Fri 4 Jun 2010 , 15:13 , Reply
Remember the monk " finger trick " we had before on Neatorama ?
Well , that ai n't nothin ' compared to this : Tibetan monks that can control their body temperature using a yoga technique called g Tum -mo .
This time , there 's even a Harvard professor testing them to make sure there 's no hanky panky :
In a monastery in northern India , thinly clad Tibetan monks sat quietly in a room where the temperature was a chilly 40 degrees Fahrenheit .
Using a yoga technique known as g Tum - mo , they entered a state of deep meditation .
Other monks soaked 3 - by - 6 - foot sheets in cold water ( 49 degrees ) and placed them over the meditators ' shoulders .
For untrained people , such frigid wrappings would produce uncontrolled shivering .
If body temperatures continue to drop under these conditions , death can result .
But it was not long before steam began rising from the sheets .
As a result of body heat produced by the monks during meditation , the sheets dried in about an hour .
...
Snow and extreme cold outdoors did not even faze these guys :
In 1985 , the meditation team made a video of monks drying cold , wet sheets with body heat .
They also documented monks spending a winter night on a rocky ledge 15,000 feet high in the Himalayas .
The sleep - out took place in February on the night of the winter full moon when temperatures reached zero degrees F. Wearing only woolen or cotton shawls , the monks promptly fell asleep on the rocky ledge , They did not huddle together and the video shows no evidence of shivering .
They slept until dawn then walked back to their monastery .
http://www.hno.harvard.edu/gazette/2002/04.18/09-tummo.html
TMZ has learned ... Gary Coleman 's ex-wife is the mastermind behind the photos which show the actor in the hospital , bloodied , with tubes sticking out of his body ... and there 's also a photo taken after he died .
We 're told Shannon Price had a production company shoot the photos .
Our sources say Shannon is featured in one of the photos .
Favorite Answer
You will loose weight , you will look great , drinking only v8 and its not too late .
No more eating plates , if you go out on a date , you wo n't feel the inflate , drinking only v8 .
Your body will tolerate , stomach wo n't irritate , you wo n't exacerbate , drinking only v8 .
And when you 've lost that weight quickly , and body is not sickly from just drinking nothing but only v8 ....
your friends will elate , some might even hate , but you thank the v8 , and tell them its great .
And in 2 - 3 weeks late , when you stopped drinking v8 , you gain back the lost weight , but at twice the rate .
Janine Wedel has written extensively on how the " shadow elite " rule the world and about the " flexians " - the movers and shakers of the shadow elite who glide across borders , and structure overlapping ( and not fully revealed ) roles in government , business , media , and think tanks to serve their own agendas .
Wedel says that flexians wear many hats both within and outside of government , and use their networks of contacts to influence policy - are warping our democracy and the rule of law .
Peter Sutherland is the quintessential flexian .
According to his September 2009 bio :
Peter Sutherland is chairman of BP plc ( 1997 - current ) .
He is also chairman of Goldman Sachs International ( 1995 - current ) .
He was appointed chairman of the London School of Economics in 2008 ....
Before these appointments , he was the founding director - general of the World Trade Organisation .
He had previously served as director general of GATT since July 1993 ...
Sutherland resigned as BP 's chairman in 2009 , but apparently still serves in various key capacities .
Sutherland is managing director - as well as chairman - of Goldman Sachs International ( Goldman Sachs International is the very powerful subsidiary of the Goldman Sachs Group , of which Lloyd Blankfein is CEO ) .
Sutherland is also an Advisory Director of Goldman Sachs Group .
Sutherland is also European Chairman for the Trilateral Commission .
He has , at various times , attended Bilderberg meetings .
As if that is not enough , Sutherland also serves in the following capacities ( click on " Read Full Background " ) :
Mr. Sutherland served as an Attorney General of Ireland and also served as European Commissioner from 1985 to 1989 where he was responsible for competition policy ....
He serves as the Chairman of British Petroleum , BP Amoco PLC and United Kingdom .
From 1989 to 1993 , he served as the Chairman of Allied Irish Bank .
....
He serves as a Non-Executive Director of Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsson .
He serves as a Director of Goldman Sachs International .
He has been Member of Supervisory Board at Allianz SE since January 2010 and serves as its Member of International Advisory Board .... Mr. Sutherland served as a Non Executive Director of BP Plc since July 1995 .
He serves as a Member of Foundation Board of World Economic Forum .
He served as an Independent Non Executive Director of National Westminster Bank PLC since January 2001 .
He served as an Independent Non Executive Director of The Royal Bank Of Scotland Plc from January 2001 to February 6 , 2009 ....
In addition , he serves on the board of Allianz , Koc Holding A.S. and is a member of the advisory board of Eli Lilly ....
He served as a Director of LM Ericsson Telephone Co since 1996 , Ericsson SPA since 1996 and Investor AB since 1995 .
He served as a Non Executive Director of Royal Bank of Scotland Group plc from January 2001 to February 6 , 2009 .
Sutherland is - literally - like Lloyd Blankfein and Tony Hayward rolled into one .
But unlike Blankfein and Hayward , he has also held numerous powerful governmental and quasi - governmental positions .
A Long Convo With ...
Nas
Nas does n’t take himself too seriously .
Phoning in to VIBE the day after Malcolm X’s convicted assassin was released from prison , the Brooklyn - born , Queensbridge - bred MC constructs elaborate theories about the Mayan prophecies of 2012 , stacking on facts like a deliberate construction worker .
Moments later , he ’s plowing down his thesis with a counterpoint , leaving you to sort out the rubble yourself .
It ’s an unexpected demeanor for a rapper steadfastly championing Africa for the full - length album Distant Relatives , a collaborative opus with Damian Marley .
With the Afrocentric disc hitting stores next week ( May 18 ) , Nas opens up for a seriously loose chat about Africa jokes , Knight , Rakim , and that Kelis tattoo .
— John Kennedy
VIBE : Some might consider Distant Relatives a preachy record .
Were you conscious of that while recording , or do you even care ?
Nas :
That ’s never a thought , you do n’t want nobody thinking that you ’re being preachy — I do n’t like people being that way to me .
I cant explain what it is , something else takes over when we in the studio .
When I hear [ Damian Marley ] mention Shaka Zulu , Incan warriors , I can see them rising up from the dead .
I feel like we ’re speaking to our ancestors with our music .
I do n’t have time to know what somebody [ else ] is getting out of the song .
You ’ve had a longstanding relationship with Africa , as many chuckled at your Afrocentric role in Belly , and you ’ve even made light of your “ Back - to - Africa ” praise on “ Black Girl Lost ” from It Was Written .
Do you feel like your audience rejects Africa ?
Yeah , it ’s multiple reasons for it .
We ’re in the greatest country ever , in America , so any country that ’s foreign to us is gonna not seem homely , especially a place that ’s been so fucked over by other governments .
Especially a place that seems so poor .
The family tree root has been cut here in America .
So when you ’re talking about going back , you ’re talking about a place that people do n’t know as their home , and Africans who do n’t see us as their people .
But we ’re their long lost brothers and sisters .
There could be so much truth told about that continent that would encourage young people .
Did you learn anything new through the recording of the album ?
Yeah , but I do n’t wanna say , because if I start telling you what I learned , I might become a bigger target .
It ’s heavy , bro .
I feel great about what we 've done on the album .
But if we were ever to do it again , I think [ Damian and I would ] both be marked for death .
We ’re just making music for everyone to enjoy .
There ’s a side we did n’t talk about in Africa where things are really wrong .
Preaching ?
That ’s a joke .
This is almost baby language .
Speaking of babies , this was the first time since making Illmatic that you became a dad again .
How ’d it feel to be awaiting your first son while recording Distant Relatives ?
It ’s amazing .
It just made everything feel like it was right on time , you know ?
To have a daughter is amazing too , but when you ’re a man , to have a son is different .
My daughter is my princess and now I have a prince , so it ’s a beautiful thing to have a son and a daughter .
Now I have a little man .
It ’s the coolest shit ever .
How old is Knight ?
Is he walking yet ?
He ’s like nine months .
He ’s crawling , pulling himself to stand up .
He said the word ‘ stick ’ about a month ago .
He ’s been talking for about two months , saying little words here and there .
Any of them rhyme ?
Nah . [ Laughs ]
What was his first word ?
I do n’t know , it sounded like he was trying to say ' hello . '
He was picking up on things very young , like two to three months if not sooner .
It just throws you that we ’re born knowing what ’s up .
How often are you able to see him ?
EFF , Public Citizen And ACLU Ask Judge To Quash Mass Subpoenas From US Copyright Group
from the standing - up - for - rights dept
This Court cannot consider this case unless it has personal jurisdiction over the Doe Defendants , and it is Plaintiff 's burden to show that such jurisdiction exists .
The Constitution imposes that burden on every plaintiff as a fundamental matter of fairness , recognizing that no defendant should be forced to have his rights and obligations determined in a jurisdiction with which he has had no contact .
These requirements " give [ ] a degree of predictability to the legal system that allows potential defendants to structure their primary conduct with some minimum assurance as to where that conduct will and will not render them liable to suit . "
World - Wide Volkswagen Corp. v. Woodson , 444 U.S. 286 , 297 ( 1980 ) .
Plaintiff has not met this burden .
Instead , the very information upon which Plaintiff relies as a basis for seeking the identity of the Doe defendants -- their Internet Protocol ( IP ) addresses -- indicates that few , if any , reside in this District .
If , as it appears , the vast majority of the Doe defendants do not have sufficient minimum contacts with this jurisdiction to satisfy due process , the Court should quash the subpoena for information about out - of - district defendants .
....
Requiring individuals from across the country to litigate in this District creates exactly the sort of hardship and unfairness that the personal jurisdiction requirements exist to prevent .
It requires the individuals urgently to secure counsel far from home , where they are unlikely to have contacts .
In this particular instance the hardship is very clear .
When the underlying claim is a single count of copyright infringement , the cost of securing counsel even to defend a defendant 's identity is likely more than the cost of settlement , and possibly even more than the cost of judgment if the Defendant lost in the litigation entirely .
There is little doubt that Plaintiff 's joinder of more than 4,500 defendants in this single action is improper and runs the tremendous risk of creating unfairness and denying individual justice to those sued .
Mass joinder of individuals has been disapproved by federal courts in both the RIAA cases and elsewhere .
As one court noted : Comcast subscriber John Doe 1 could be an innocent parent whose internet access was abused by her minor child , while John Doe 2 might share a computer with a roommate who infringed Plaintiffs ' works .
John Does 3 through 203 could be thieves , just as Plaintiffs believe , inexcusably pilfering Plaintiffs ' property and depriving them , and their artists , of the royalties they are rightly owed .
. . .
Wholesale litigation of these claims is inappropriate , at least with respect to a vast majority ( if not all ) of Defendants .
BMG Music v. Does 1-203 , No. Civ.A. 04-650 , 2004 WL 953888 , at * 1 ( E.D. Pa. Apr. 2 , 2004 ) ( severing lawsuit involving 203 defendants ) .
Rule 20 requires that , for parties to be joined in the same lawsuit , the claims against them must arise from a single transaction or a series of closely related transactions .
Specifically : Persons . . . may be joined in one action as defendants if : ( A ) any right to relief is asserted against them jointly , severally or in the alternative with respect to or arising out of the same transaction , occurrence , or series of transactions or occurrences ; and ( B ) any question of law or fact common to all defendants will arise in the action .
Fed. R. Civ. P. 20 .
Thus , multiple defendants may be joined in a single lawsuit only when three conditions are met : ( 1 ) the right to relief must be " asserted against them jointly , severally or in the alternative " ; ( 2 ) the claim must " aris[e ] out of the same transaction , occurrence , or series of transactions or occurrences " ; and ( 3 ) there must be a common question of fact or law common to all the defendants .
Id .
Joinder based on separate but similar behavior by individuals allegedly using the Internet to commit copyright infringement has been rejected by courts across the country .
In LaFace Records , LLC v. Does 1 - 38 , No. 5:07 -CV-298-BR , 2008 WL 544992 ( E.D.N.C. Feb. 27 , 2008 ) , the court ordered severance of lawsuit against thirty - eight defendants where each defendant used the same ISP as well as some of the same peer - to - peer ( " P2P " ) networks to commit the exact same violation of the law in exactly the same way .
The court explained : " [ M ]erely committing the same type of violation in the same way does not link defendants together for purposes of joinder . "
LaFace Records , 2008 WL 544992 , at * 2 . In BMG Music v. Does 1 - 4 , No. 3:06 - cv- 01579-MHP , 2006 U.S. Dist .
LEXIS 53237 , at * 5 - 6 ( N.D. Cal. July 31 , 2006 ) , the court sua sponte severed multiple defendants in action where the only connection between them was allegation they used same ISP to conduct copyright infringement .
Moreover , Plaintiff provides no specific evidence other than its summary declarations to establish that its investigation was done for each Doe .
And such evidence ought to be readily available , including screen shots showing the IP addresses of the Doe defendants so the Court can see that the addresses submitted to the Court match those discovered during the investigation , copies or real - time capture of the activities of the " proprietary technologies " used , and shots of the P2P server logs that to which Plaintiff apparently had access .
Without those , the declarations merely describe downloading activity in general , and fail to provide the Court with real information linking each of the individuals sued to the alleged infringement .
Robust protection for the right to engage in anonymous communication -- to speak , read , view , listen , and / or associate anonymously -- is fundamental to a free society .
See , e.g. , Talley v. California , 362 U.S. 60 ( 1960 ) ( recognizing the First Amendment right to communicate anonymously ) ; McIntyre v Ohio Elections Comm'n , 514 U.S. 334 357 ( 1995 ) ( same ; " Anonymity is a shield from the tyranny of the majority . " ) ; Lamont v. Postmaster General , 381 U.S. 301 ( 1965 ) ( recognizing the First Amendment right to receive ideas in privacy ) .
This fundamental right enjoys the same protections whether the context for speech and association is an anonymous political leaflet , an Internet message board or a video - sharing site .
See Reno v. ACLU , 521 U.S. 844 , 870 ( 1997 ) ( there is " no basis for qualifying the level of First Amendment scrutiny that should be applied to " the Internet ) .
Courts in this District have recognized that First Amendment protections extend to the anonymous publication of expressive works on the Internet even where , as here , that publication is alleged to infringe copyrights .
In re Verizon Internet Servs. Inc. , 257 F. Supp. 2d 244 , 260 ( D.D.C. ) , rev'd on other grounds , 351 F.3d 1229 ( D.C. Cir. 2003 ) ( hereinafter " Verizon " ) ; see also UMG Recordings , Inc. , v. Does , No. 06-0652 SBA , 2006 WL 1343597 , at * 2 ( N.D. Ca. March 6 , 2006 ) ( citing Sony Music Entm't , Inc. v. Does 1 - 40 , 326 F. Supp. 2d 556 , 564 ( S.D.N.Y. 2004 ) ) .
As the court in Sony noted : Arguably , however , a file sharer is making a statement by downloading and making available to others copyrighted music without charge and without license to do so .
Alternatively , the file sharer may be expressing himself or herself through the music selected and made available to others .
Although this is not " political expression " entitled to the " broadest protection " of the First Amendment , the file sharer 's speech is still entitled to " some level of First Amendment protection . "
326 F. Supp. 2d at 564 ( quoting Verizon ) ( citations omitted ) .
The Sony court continued : " Against the backdrop of First Amendment protection for anonymous speech , courts have held that civil subpoenas seeking information regarding anonymous individuals raise First Amendment concerns . "
Thank you for reading this Techdirt post .
With so many things competing for everyone ’s attention these days , we really appreciate you giving us your time .
We work hard every day to put quality content out there for our community .
Techdirt is one of the few remaining truly independent media outlets .
We do not have a giant corporation behind us , and we rely heavily on our community to support us , in an age when advertisers are increasingly uninterested in sponsoring small , independent sites — especially a site like ours that is unwilling to pull punches in its reporting and analysis .
While other websites have resorted to paywalls , registration requirements , and increasingly annoying / intrusive advertising , we have always kept Techdirt open and available to anyone .
But in order to continue doing so , we need your support .
We offer a variety of ways for our readers to support us , from direct donations to special subscriptions and cool merchandise — and every little bit helps .
Thank you .
– The Techdirt Team
While companies like Verizon apparently wo n't stand up to protect their users ' rights against the ridiculous and overly broad mass copyright infringement lawsuit filings made by a group called US Copyright Group ( really a DC - based lawfirm called Dunlap , Grubb and Weaver ) , Time Warner Cable is pushing back , but mainly on procedural issues -- not in any way to stand up for the rights of those being sued .
Thankfully , it looks like the EFF , Public Citizen and the ACLU are trying to help out .
Those three organizations filed an amicus brief with the court in the Time Warner Cable case , where they point out that there are multiple reasons why the subpoenas should be quashed .
Among the many problems with the process used by USCG are the ideas of suing thousands of people in a single lawsuit and all in Washington DC .
Obviously , this makes it easier and cheaper for Dunlap , but it 's not how the legal system is supposed to work .
First , it only makes sense that each lawsuit should be filed individually , as each involves different circumstances .
Second , they should be filed in the proper jurisdiction , not in DC .
As the briefing notes : As for lumping all of the lawsuits into a single filing , the brief shows that courts have rejected this approach in the past as unreasonable and should do so again here :
The brief also takes issue with the evidence that Dunlap presents in the USCG filings :
This is a big concern because Dunlap and USCG are seeking to reveal private information based on incredibly flimsy evidence :
No one is arguing that a legitimately filed lawsuit should n't entitle USCG to get the right to an individual 's information .
The issue is that not nearly enough evidence is presented in these cases , and what is presented is done in a way that does not allow an individual to protect their First Amendment rights .
This destroys the basic balance that the courts have established to permit such lawsuits to go forward .
The filing is an important one , and it 's unfortunate that it had to come from three public interest groups rather than the ISPs themselves .
In an email from Verizon PR , in response to a question on this issue from reporter Dave Burstein , Verizon PR gave the " we 're just following orders " response , and tries to suggest it goes above and beyond by giving their customers a week or less of notification to fight this on their own .
Verizon ( and Time Warner Cable ) could be making these same arguments on behalf of their customers , and it's a shame that they have not and , in fact , have handed over information on such flimsy proof in such questionably filed lawsuits .
Filed Under : copyright , first amendment , jurisdiction , lawsuits , subpoenas
Companies : aclu , eff , public citizen , us copyright group
Commonism
If the cell form of capitalism is the commodity , the cellular form of a society beyond capital is the common .
Nick Dyer - Witheford discusses the circulation of commons and the conditions they would create for new collective projects and waves of organising
It has been eight lean years for the movement of movement since its Seattle high point of 1999 .
Since September 11th 2001 many activists ’ energies have been directed to opposing the invasion and occupation of Iraq , other conflicts in Afghanistan and Lebanon , and abuses of civil liberties and media truth .
But the war on terror has also had a deadening effect on oppositional hopes and imagination .
Or so it seems to me , an academic in Canada whose political energies have recently been absorbed opposing his university ’s making tanks for the US Army .
Comrades are engaged in labour organising , post - carbon planning , the self - organisation of the homeless , municipal elections and other projects .
But the optimistic sense of another world as not only possible but probable , imminent , has given way to something more sombre .
Even in this no-longer - frozen North , the upsurge of popular movements and governments in Latin America is an inspiration .
Otherwise , however , horizons have contracted .
Global capitalism appears – by profit levels – robust .
Cascading ecological calamities , suddenly peaking oil , another 9/11 , or an uncontrolled unwinding of US - China relations could all destabilise the world system .
But not only are such scenarios contingent ; it is uncertain they would be to the advantage of progressive movements .
Neo-fascists , fundamentalists and martial law capitalists could be the beneficiaries , unless intellectual and organisational preparation lays the ground for a better alternative .
It therefore seems important to renew the discussion of what we want : to think through not just what we are against , but what we are fighting for ( and hence who ‘ we ’ are ) , and to consider what might be plausibly achieved in present circumstances .
Many movement activists and intellectuals are currently addressing this task , here and in other forums .
My contribution will be to propose and discuss ‘ commonism ’ .
‘ Commons ’ is a word that sums up many of the aspirations of the movement of movements .
It is a popular term perhaps because it provides a way of talking about collective ownership without invoking a bad history – that is , without immediately conjuring up , and then explaining ( away ) ‘ communism ’ , conventionally understood as a centralised command economy plus a repressive state .
Though some will disagree , I think this distinction is valid ; it is important to differentiate our goals and methods from those of past catastrophes , while resuming discussions of a society beyond capitalism .
The initial reference of ‘ commons ’ is to the collective lands enclosed by capitalism in a process of primitive accumulation running from the middle ages to the present .
Such common agrarian lands are still a flashpoint of struggle in many places .
But today commons also names the possibility of collective , rather than private ownership in other domains : an ecological commons ( of water , atmosphere , fisheries and forests ) ; a social commons ( of public provisions for welfare , health , education and so on ) ; a networked commons ( of access to the means of communication ) .
Let us extend this term ‘ commons ’ in a slightly unfamiliar way .
Marx suggested capitalism has a cell - form , a basic building block , from which all its apparatus of commerce and command are elaborated .
This cell form was the commodity , a good produced for sale between private owners .
If the cell form of capitalism is the commodity , the cellular form of a society beyond capital is the common .
A commodity is a good produced for sale , a common is a good produced , or conserved , to be shared .
The notion of a commodity , a good produced for sale , presupposes private owners between whom this exchange occurs .
The notion of the common presupposes collectivities – associations and assemblies – within which sharing is organised .
If capitalism presents itself as an immense heap of commodities , ‘ commonism ’ is a multiplication of commons .
The forces of the common and the commodity – of the movement and the market – are currently in collision across the three spheres we mentioned before : the ecological , the social and the networked .
In the ecological sphere , decades of green struggle have disclosed how the market ’s depletion and pollution of nature destroys the common basis of human life .
This destruction runs from pesticide poisoning to clear - cutting to species - extinctions .
What now highlights this process is global warming .
The prospect of chaotic climate change destroying agriculture , water supply and coastland around the planet ( although , as usual , most devastatingly in the South ) throws into sharp relief the scale of ecological crisis .
It also definitively displays the inadequacy of the ‘ free market ’ and its price system as a social steering system .
The scale of intervention now necessary is indicated by George Monbiot ’s recent ten - point plan to address global warming : targets for rapid reduction in greenhouse gas emissions , borne primarily by the developed North ; individual carbon quotas ; high - energy efficiency building regulation ; banning and taxation of high - emission devices ; diversion of public funds from ‘ defence ’ and road building to clean energy and public transport systems ; freezes and reductions in air travel and out of town superstores .
One can debate every point in this prescription .
But if Monbiot is even close to correct , the remedy required exceeds anything the market , even as ‘ green business ’ , can do .
It demands regulation , rationing and major public investment .
Global warming ( alongside other ecological crises , from fish stocks to water tables ) puts back on the table precisely what neoliberalism attempted to erase : massive social planning .
In the social sphere , the red thread of labour , socialist and communist movements traces the attempt to replace the class divisions of capitalism with various forms of common wealth .
Defeating this challenge was the mission of neoliberalism .
It has had great success .
Precisely because of this , intensifying global inequalities are now having universal consequences .
The afflictions of what Mike Davis calls the ‘ planet of slums ’ cannot be walled off from the planet of malls .
They return as disease ( HIV / AIDS and other pandemics ) or insurgency ( ‘ terror ’ ) .
In this context , two movement initiatives have picked up the issue of ‘ common wealth ’ in innovative ways .
One is the movement of ‘ solidarity economics ’ focused on cooperative enterprises of various sorts and associated with the success of the Latin American left .
I discuss this later .
The other is a set of proposals and campaigns around what is variously known as a ‘ basic ’ or ‘ guaranteed ’ income , which , by assuring a modest level of subsistence , saves human life from utter dependence on a global labour market .
Such programmes also address feminist political economists ’ point about the market ’s systemic non-reward of reproductive work ( care of children and households ) .
Basic income was initially proposed in the global North West , and in that context can be criticised as a supplement to an already - affluent welfare state .
But basic income has recently appeared as a policy initiative in Brazil and South Africa .
Some groups have proposed and costed a basic global income of $ 1 a day .
Insignificant in a North American context , this would double the monetary income of the one billion plus people officially designated as living in extreme poverty .
If one thinks this utopian , consider the $ 532 billion 2007 US defence budget .
Again , there are more than enough debates to be had about a global basic income : it might , for example , be better conceived not as a cash economy payment but as a basic ‘ basket of goods ’ or a guaranteed global livelihood .
But the failure of trickle - down market solutions to poverty and inequality ( even in the midst of a global boom ) , and the increasing extremity of the consequences , creates opportunities for new common - wealth activism .
In the network sphere , the failure of the market appears in a different way – as capital ’s inability to make use of new technological resources .
Computers and networks have created the increasing capacities for extremely fast , very cheap circulation of communication and knowledge .
These innovations were made outside of the market , in a strange encounter between public funded science ( the military / academic sector ) and libertarian ( and sometimes revolutionary ) hackers .
Capital ’s contribution has been to try and stuff these innovations back within the commodity form , realising their powers only within the boundaries of information property and market pricing .
But digital innovation has persistently over - spilled these limits .
Peer - to - peer networks and free and open source software movements have taken advantage of the possibilities for the reproduction of non-rivalrous goods and collaborative production to generate networked culture whose logic contradicts commercial axioms .
The movement of movements realised these potentials in its early weaving of what Harry Cleaver called an ‘ electronic fabric of struggle , ’ using the internet to circumvent corporate media and circulate news , analysis and solidarity .
Increasingly , however , free and open source software and P2P constitute an electronic fabric of production , equipping people with a variety of digital tools for everything from radio broadcasts to micro-manufacturing .
Capital is attempting to repress these developments – through incessant anti-piracy sweeps and intellectual property ( IP ) battles – or co-opt them .
But alternatives beyond what it will allow are expressed in ‘ creative commons ’ , ‘ free cooperation ’ and ‘ open cultures ’ movements contesting the intellectual property regime of the world market .
All three domains – ecological , social and networked – evidence major market failures .
Each illustrates the failures of a commodity regime , though in distinct ways .
Ecological disaster is the revenge of the market ’s so - called negative externalities , that is , the harms whose price is not , and indeed cannot be , calculated in commercial transactions .
Intensifying inequality , with immiseration amidst plenitude , displays the self - reinforcing feedback loops of deprivation and accumulation intrinsic to market operations .
Networks show the market ’s inability to accommodate its own positive externalities , that is , to allow the full benefits of innovations when they overflow market price mechanisms .
Together , all three constitute a historical indictment of neoliberalism , and of the global capitalist system of which it is only the latest , cutting - edge , doctrine .
Also in all three domains , movements are proposing , as alternatives to these market failures , new forms of commons .
These too vary in each domain , although , as I will argue in a moment , they also overlap and connect .
In the ecological sphere , commons provisions are based primarily on conservation and regulation ( but also on public funding of new technologies and transportation systems ) .
In the social sphere , a global guaranteed livelihood entails a commons built on redistribution of wealth , while solidarity economies create experimental collectively - managed forms of production .
In the case of the networked commons , what is emerging is a commons of abundance , of non-rivalrous information goods – a cornucopian commons .
Of course , these three spheres are in reality not separable ; any life - activity resonates in all three , so that , for example , ecological and networked activities are always social commons – and vice - versa .
Indeed , my argument is that the form of a new social order , commonism , can be seen only in the interrelation and linkage of these domains – in a circulation of the common .
Marx showed how in capitalism , commodities moved in a circuit .
Money is used to purchase labour , machinery and raw materials .
These are thrown into production , creating new commodities that are sold for more money , part of which is retained as profit , and part used to purchase more means of production to make more commodities … repeat ad infinitum .
Different kinds of capital – mercantile , industrial and financial – played different roles in this circuit .
So , for example , the transformation of commodities into money is the role of merchant capital , involved in trade ; actual production is conducted by industrial capital ; and the conversion of money capital into productive capital is the task of financial capital ( banks , etc ) .
We need to think in terms of the circulation of commons , of the interconnection and reinforcements between them .
The ecological commons maintains the finite conditions necessary for both social and networked commons .
A social commons , with a tendency towards a equitable distribution of wealth , preserves the ecological commons , both by eliminating the extremes of environmental destructiveness linked to extremes of wealth ( SUVs , incessant air travel ) and poverty ( charcoal burning , deforestation for land ) and by reducing dependence on ‘ trickle down ’ from unconstrained economic growth .
Social commons also create the conditions for the network commons , by providing the context of basic health , security and education within which people can access new and old media .
A network commons in turn circulates information about the condition of both ecological and social commons ( monitoring global environmental conditions , tracking epidemics , enabling exchanges between health workers , labour activists or disaster relief teams ) .
Networks also provide the channels for planning ecological and social commons – organising them , resolving problems , considering alternative proposals .
They act as the fabric of the association that is the sine qua non of any of the other commons .
Let ’s suppose that a publicly - funded education institution ( social commons ) produces software and networks that are available to an open source collective ( networked commons ) , which creates free software used by an agricultural cooperative to track its use of water and electricity ( ecological commons ) .
This is a micro model of the circulation of the common .
This is a concept of the common that is not defensive , not limited to fending off the depredations of capital on ever - diminishing collective space .
Rather it is aggressive and expansive : proliferating , self - strengthening and diversifying .
It is also a concept of heterogeneous collectivity , built from multiple forms of a shared logic , a commons of singularities .
We can talk of common earth , a common wealth and common networks ; or of commons of land ( in its broadest sense , comprising the biosphere ) , labour ( in its broadest sense , comprising reproductive and productive work ) and language ( in its broadest sense , comprising all means of information , communication and knowledge exchange ) .
It is through the linkages and bootstrapped expansions of these commons that commonism emerges .
This concept has a clear affinity with the movements of solidarity economics that emerged from Latin America and are now gaining increasing attention in North America and Europe .
Broadly defined , these aim to link self - managed and worker - owned collectives , cooperative financial organisations and socially - responsible consumption practices to create expanding economic networks whose surpluses are invested in social and ecological regeneration .
Euclides Mance , one of the theorists of the movement , writes of such ‘ socially based cooperation networks ’ reinforcing their component parts until ‘ progressive boosting ’ enables them to move from a ‘ secondary , palliative or complementary sphere of activity ’ to become a ‘ socially hegemonic mode of production ’ .
This type of activity – to which , I think , basic income programmes would be complementary – seems to resemble the sort of cell - growth of commons envisaged here .
Mance says that this process is ‘ not about the political control of the State by society ’ , but about ‘ the democratic control of the economy by society ’ .
Latin American activists will , however , be much better aware than I that the creation of grass roots alternative networks goes better with protection , support and even initiation at a state level .
For that reason , one might think of the circulation of the common as involving not only a lateral circuit between ecological , social and networked domains , but also a vertical circuit between new subjectivities , autonomous assemblies ( solidarity networks , cooperatives , environmental and community groupings ) and governmental agencies .
The movement of movements has been tacitly split between autonomist and anarchist groups , with strong anti-statist perspectives , and socialist and social democratic movements , committed to governmental planning and welfare functions .
Rather than either repressing this tension , or replaying it ad infinitum , it may be both more interesting for both sides and closer to the real practice of many activists to think about the potential interplay of these two poles .
Commons projects are projects of planning : the regulation of carbon emissions ( or other ecological pollutants ) , the distribution of a basic income ( or of public health or education ) or the establishment of networked infrastructures are all extremely difficult on any large scale without the exercise of governmental power .
The nightmare of previously existing socialisms was the assumption by this governmental planning power of despotic bureaucratic forms .
The antidote is a pluralistic planning processes , which involves a multiplicity of non-state organisations capable of proposing , debating and democratically determining what directions governmental planning takes .
Thus a requirement of ‘ commonist ’ government is the cultivation of the conditions in which autonomous assemblies can emerge to countervail against bureaucracy and despotism , and provide diversity and innovation in planning ideas .
Planning and anti-planning have to be built into each other : there should always be , to quote Raymond Williams , at least two plans .
As George Caffentzis has pointed out , neoliberal capital , confronting the debacle of free market policies , is now turning to a ‘ Plan B ’ , in which limited versions of environmental planning terms ( e.g. pollution trading schemes ) community development and open - source and file sharing practices are introduced as subordinate aspects of a capitalist economy .
But the question hanging over this encounter is which logic will envelope and subordinate the other : who will subsume who ?
Commonism scales .
That is , it can and must be fought for at micro and macro , molecular and molar , levels ; in initiatives of individual practice , community projects and very large scale movements .
If the concept is at all meaningful , it is only because millions of people are already in myriad ways working to defend and create commons of different sorts , from community gardens to peer - to - peer networks .
In my view , however , a commonist project would gain coherence and focus by agreement on a set of high level demands to be advanced in the ecological , social and network spheres at the national and international level , demands that could be supported by many movements even as they pursue other more local and specific struggles and projects .
These demands might include some briefly discussed here : for example , a guaranteed global livelihood , carbon - emission rationing and adoption of free and open - source software in public institutions .
Such demands would be radical but not , in a negative sense , utopian .
Success would not mean we had won : it is conceivable that capitalism could persist with these provisions , although they would represent a planetary ‘ New Deal ’ of major proportions .
But achieving them would mean , first , that the movement of movements had won something , averting harms to , and bestowing benefits on millions ; and , second , it would mean that we were winning : these altered conditions would create opportunities for new collective projects and waves of organising that could effect deeper transformations , and the institutions of new commons .
It might be objected that , in Marx ’s description of the inner workings of capitalism , the commodity is presented as possessing a self - creating , self - reproducing dynamism , and that the fact that some commons – especially the ecological ones – are finite would prevent such dynamism .
But this objection confuses a qualitative with a quantitative issue , or , more accurately , a social dynamism with a dynamism of production .
The model proposed here , of circular interaction between ecological planning , basic income and open networks , argues for the expansion of the social relations of the commons : a secure level of livelihood for global populations reduces the need for constant environmentally destructive growth ; open networks enable ecological and income planning to be democratically debated , monitored and revised in an ongoing collective process of general intellect ; planning in turn ensures the infrastructures and access for this process .
Whether or not this social dynamism would be productively dynamic – whether it would produce more or less goods – is a different question , to which the answer is surely ‘ more of some , less of others ’ : less SUVs , energy mega projects and luxury mega - homes , more public transport , solar panels and decent basic housing .
But the commons form , like the commodity form , is first and foremost a social relation , and its most important dynamism lies in the alteration of collective logics .
A computer , say , is a ‘ rival ’ or ‘ rivalrous ’ good .
My possession of it deprives you of it .
But goods like software are ‘ nonrivalrous ’ .
A piece of software can be copied costlessly and therefore we can both use it simultaneously .
Harry Cleaver ’s piece ‘ Computer - linked social movements and the global threat to capitalism ’ is available at http://www.eco.utexas.edu/~hmcleave/polnet.html.
George Caffentzis discusses neoliberalism ’s ‘ plan B ’ in his chapter in Shut Them Down ! ( available at www.shutthemdown.org).
Nick Dyer - Witheford is an Associate Professor in the Faculty of Information & Media Studies , University of Western Ontario , in London , Ontario , Canada , and a member of the Counter - Stryker collective opposing military - academic - corporate collaborations .
He is currently studying the contemporary usefulness of the young Marx ’s concept of ‘ species - being . ’
He can be reached at ncdyerwi[ at]uwo.ca
He is concerned that some people have got into the habit of using the plastic horns during the World Cup in South Africa and might not be able to resist using them when Pope Benedict XVI , pictured , addresses crowds in Britain .
The Pope is due to arrive in September for a state visit when he will meet the Queen and beatify Cardinal John Henry Newman .
A GROUP of neighbourhood kids who took on the Brisbane City Council over the demolition of their treehouse have scored a $ 50,000 replacement .
Council will unveil the final plans for the new fort - style cubby house , in Spencer Park in Newmarket , to local residents next week .
Last month the council condemned the kids ' homemade structure - a 4 m high cubby house made of wooden planks stuck between two rubber trees - but not before the David v Goliath - style battle gained national attention .
Council said the cubby house had to be removed because of the risk of serious injury and subsequent legal action .
Labor councillor David Hinchliffe , whose parks trust fund will fund the project , said the $ 50,000 price tag would only be reasonable if the project was a well - sized adventure playground .
“ If it ’s a little fort , it ’s way too much , ” he said .
Originally published as Council gives kids $ 50,000 cubby
Fans have been dreading this moment ever since Adam Scott turned up on Parks And Recreation , and today Deadline made it official : Party Down is no more .
Despite its fervent following — including avowed fan and Starz CEO Chris Albrecht — the network decided that the show ’s appeal was not “ wide enough ” to justify keeping it on the schedule .
As we said , this probably is n’t a surprise : First Jane Lynch defected to Glee , then Ryan Hansen signed on for the sitcom - we - want - to - stab - in - the - face - on - principle Friends With Benefits , then Lizzy Caplan filmed the CBS pilot Mad Love ( though she gave Party Down fans false hope when she was recently replaced by Judy Greer ) , and then , of course , Scott moved on up to NBC like he 's some sort of big shot now .
And when most of your lead cast is edging toward the door like that , it ’s really only a matter of time .
Sad nevertheless .
An official announcement is expected later today .
Advertisement
Defense Secretary Robert Gates , left , and Adm . Mike Mullen , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , have said they support changes to the " do n't ask , do n't tell " law .
Compromise could mean end to controversial law
WASHINGTON — Congress is poised to dump the military ’s controversial “ do n’t ask , do n’t tell ” law within days , thanks to last - minute concessions by the White House and Pentagon .
The proposal — an amendment to the annual defense authorization bill that is scheduled to be approved this week by the full House and the Senate Armed Services Committee — would include a delayed implementation provision that would leave the 17 - year - old law in place until the Pentagon ’s review of the ban on openly gay troops is completed in December .
The president , defense secretary and the chairman of the Joint Chiefs would also have to certify that the military can make the change without disrupting military operations or morale .
In a letter to Congress , White House Office of Management and Budget director Peter Orszag wrote that while the president would have preferred any legislative action wait until after the study is complete , “ the administration is of the view that the proposed amendment meets the concerns raised by the Secretary of Defense and the Chairman . ”
Pentagon spokesman Geoff Morrell said Defense Secretary Robert Gates also would rather have a completed review before any legislative action , but “ with Congress having indicated that is not possible , the secretary can accept the language in the proposed amendment . ”
Both the House and Senate still have to vote on the proposed repeal amendment .
On Monday , Sens. Carl Levin , D - Mich. , and Joe Lieberman , I - Conn. , and Rep. Patrick Murphy , D - Pa. , sent a letter to the president essentially setting an ultimatum on the repeal , asking him to endorse the amendment they planned on advancing with or without his help .
“ It is our firm belief that it is time to repeal this discriminatory policy that not only dishonors those who are willing to give their lives in service to their country but also prevents capable men and women with vital skills from serving in the armed forces at a time when our nation is fighting two wars , ” the letter stated .
The arrangement would leave the ban on gay troops serving openly in place for several more months , and allow military officials to dismiss any troops who publicly admit their homosexuality .
Gay rights groups , however , praised the compromise as a critical step forward in their 17 - year effort to overturn the law .
“ We have been making the case to White House staff for more than a year now that delayed implementation is realistic , politically viable , and the only way to get the defense community on board with repeal , ” Alexander Nicholson , executive director of Servicemembers United , said in a statement late Monday .
“ We are glad to see the community and now the administration and defense leadership finally rally around this option . ”
Nicholson said the new plan is n’t without concern : Pentagon leaders could drag out the repeal review longer as a way to postpone or preserve the ban on gays serving openly .
But he said Gates ’ and Mullen ’s public comments in favor of a repeal calmed those fears .
“ Right now we feel comfortable putting the chairman and secretary of defense in the driver ’s seat , ” he said in the statement .
Aubrey Sarvis , executive director of the Servicemembers Legal Defense Network , called the amendment a “ dramatic breakthrough in dismantling ‘ do n’t ask , do n’t tell . ’ ”
And Aaron Belkin , director of the Palm Center , which advocates gay rights , praised President Barack Obama ’s guidance throughout the negotiations .
That ’s a stark change from the last few months , when gay rights groups have publicly sniped at the White House for a lack of action on a promised repeal .
“ Leadership is what the president showed today , ” he said .
Opponents of a repeal called the new compromise nothing more than a political move that will jeopardize military morale and readiness .
Elaine Donnelly , president of the Center for Military Readiness , called the announcement “ surrendering the military to the control of political appointees doing the president ’s bidding . ”
The Family Research Council promised to lobby lawmakers throughout the week in hopes of derailing the plan .
The House is expected to debate its version of the defense authorization bill — which passed out of the House Armed Services Committee without any reference to the ban on gays — later this week .
Murphy ’s stand - alone repeal bill already has more than 190 co-sponsors , and the lawmaker has said he has enough other pledges from other representatives to assure its passage .
The Senate Armed Services Committee is expected to complete its version of the budget bill by Thursday , and Levin has pushed for its inclusion there for months .
Nearly 14,000 troops have been discharged from the service under the “ do n’t ask , do n’t tell ” law since its adoption in 1993 .
Stars and Stripes reporter Kevin Baron contributed to this story .
shanel@stripes.osd.mil
The Alvin Greene for US Senate campaign is officially online !
After several impostors brought their love of all things Alvin Greene to the internet and were summarily dismissed by the candidate himself during his media tour , Greene confirmed to , uh , satirical blog Wonkette that AlvinGreeneForUSSenator.com is his one and only online presence .
It appears that Greene is starting to take this campaign seriously – or someone in the South Carolina Democratic Party is forcing him to– because the site is , while not at all the caliber of , say , his opponent Sen.
Jim DeMint‘s , but it is of significantly higher quality than anything coming out of the Alvin Greene campaign so far .
For one , it has a biography :
“ Alvin Michael Greene was born in Florence , South Carolina .
He grew up in Manning , South Carolina and graduated from the University of South Carolina where he earned his Bachelor of Arts Degree in Political Science .
Alvin M. Greene is a United States Air Force and United States Army Veteran who has served for thirteen years of honorable service . ”
It also has issues , which are something that many have notice are sorely lacking with the Democrat ’s campaign .
Specifically , “ Better education for our children : More Parental Involvement , Better Facilities , ” and “ Justice : making sure the punishment fits the crime . ”
It ’s impossible to understand what exactly Greene is up to , or , better yet , what the Democrats are planning if they did , indeed , have something to do with encouraging Greene to launch a site , something he had previously opposed .
Maybe they want to try getting him to lose at a respectable margin , without having to own up to putting too much at stake against DeMint .
Or perhaps they had absolutely nothing to do with this , abandoned the race entirely , and Greene put up his own money and designed his own ( pretty good ! ) logo .
Whatever the case , it appears this mystery is n’t going anywhere anytime soon .
Have a tip we should know ?
[ email protected ]
write tests independent of their environment
As part of a larger effort at Revelytix , we ’re building a Clojure lib to work with Semantic Triplestores .
This post sums up my experiences testing our code with clojure .
test ( formerly known as clojure. test -is ) .
This is long .
If you ’re only mildly interested , skip to the good parts .
There are 5 methods I want to test : create - graph , drop - graph , insert - triple , load - file , and query .
In this post , I use two specific Semantic Web concepts , the graph and the triple .
The analogy is poor , but you can think of a graph as database table , and a triple as row in a table .
My overarching concern here is that I ’d like my tests to be as idempotent as possible .
Once run , they should restore the state of the external triple store so that I can run any test individually or run the entire suite in any order without having to check if errors are due to incorrect preconditions .
In fact , this is a requirement as clojure .
test ‘s run-tests function states in it ’s documentation that it will run the defined tests in whatever flipping order it feels like ( paraphrasing mine ) .
The first test I wrote was for create - graph .
However , it right away violated my principle of restoring the state of the external world because it leaves a graph laying around .
( deftest test - create - graph ( is ( resultMessage= " Successfully created graph rmi://australia/server1#family " ( execute - command ( create - graph * FAMILY * ) ) ) ) )
Maybe create - graph was the wrong choice for a first test .
The next likely candidate is drop - graph , however , it will throw an exception if you ask it to drop a graph that does n’t exist yet , so it ’s not a perfect choice either .
Really , if I ’m to get away with this , I need to test both functions execution in a predefined order ; my test wo n’t run and clean up after itself until both functions are implemented correctly .
Now , there ’s 2 ways I could write a test that executes create - graph and drop - graph in a specified order and cleans up after itself :
I could write a single deftest form for each , and even though I said that run-tests does not guarantee that the tests will be run in the order they appear in the source file , the deftest form turns your test into a regular fn , callable just like any other you might create via the defn form .
This allows us to then deftest a combination of both that will guarantee that they run in the right order .
( deftest test - create - graph ... ) ( deftest test - drop - graph ... ) ( deftest test - create - and - drop - graph ( test - create - graph ) ( test - drop - graph ) )
This introduces a new problem , though .
clojure .
test now thinks you have 3 tests .
deftest - will make the create and drop tests private , and only the composed test is now seen by clojure .
test .
( deftest - test- create - graph ... ) ( deftest - test - drop - graph ... ) ( deftest test - create - and - drop - graph ( test - create - graph ) ( test - drop - graph ) )
The second possiblity is to use the testing macro to label each part .
I like this solution less since it does n’t produce two individually runnable tests , but functionally it ensures that the tests run in order and aesthetically it describes itself quite nicely .
( deftest test - create - and - drop - graph ( testing " Create Graph " ( is ( resultMessage= " Successfully created graph rmi://australia/server1#family " ( execute - command ( create - graph * FAMILY * ) ) ) ) ) ( testing " Drop Graph " ( is ( resultMessage= " Successfully dropped graph rmi://australia/server1#family " ( execute - command ( drop - graph * FAMILY * ) ) ) ) ) )
Next , I want to test the insert - triple and load - file functions .
Neither make much sense to call without an existing graph to work with .
I could , in each test , create a graph and then tear it down :
( deftest test - insert - triple ( try ( execute - command ( create - graph * FAMILY * ) ) ( is ( resultMessage= " Successfully inserted statements into rmi://australia/server1#family " ( execute - command ( insert - triple * FAMILY * " Joe " " father_of " " Billy " ) ) ) ) ( finally ( execute - command ( drop - graph * FAMILY * ) ) ) ) ) ( deftest test - load - file ( try ( execute - command ( create - graph * FAMILY * ) ) ( is ( resultMessage= " Successfully inserted statements into rmi://australia/server1#family " ( execute - command ( load - file * FAMILY * * N3 _FAMILY_FILE * ) ) ) ) ( finally ( execute - command ( drop - graph * FAMILY * ) ) ) ) )
The try / finally form is especially well - suited for testing since by contract it will ensure that despite any exceptions the code under test may throw , the graph will get dropped .
It also has the benefit of returning the value of the last assertion and not the value of dropping the graph .
By wrapping your assertions in a try / finally you ’ve preserved the external “ value ” of your test while still dramatically altering what goes on when it ’s called .
That ’s a pretty powerful encapsulation technique .
However , we ’ve duplicated code setting up and tearing down the graph , so this would be a great place for a fixture .
Fixtures in clojure .
test are just regular functions that take a function to execute before or after the fixture ’s done it ’s thing :
( defn family - graph - fixture [ f ] ( try ( execute - command ( create - graph * FAMILY * ) ) ( f ) ( finally ( execute - command ( drop - graph * FAMILY * ) ) ) ) )
The tests for insert - triple and load - file can now assume that their environment has been setup for them and can focus solely on the meat of their test :
( deftest test - insert - triple ( is ( resultMessage= " Successfully inserted statements into rmi://australia/server1#family " ( execute - command ( insert - triple * FAMILY * " Joe " " father_of " " Billy " ) ) ) ) ) ( deftest test - load - file ( is ( resultMessage= " Successfully inserted statements into rmi://australia/server1#family " ( execute - command ( load - file * FAMILY * * N3 _FAMILY_FILE * ) ) ) ) )
Before we actually hook the fixture up to our tests , let ’s take a look at the test for query .
This function will blow up if it tries to select triples from a non-existent graph and we ’ll want that graph to be populated with sample data .
We already have a fixture for creating and dropping a graph , we can reuse that and add another for populating the graph with data .
( defn family - data - fixture [ f ] ( execute - command ( load - file * FAMILY * * N3 _FAMILY_FILE * ) ) ( f ) )
We ’re almost there .
The execute - command function runs the given triplestore command on a dynamic var named * connection * .
We ’ll need a fixture to bind that var to a real connection .
( defn connection - fixture [ f ] ( binding [ * connection * ( connect - to * HOST * ) ] ( try ( f ) ( finally ( dispose * connection * ) ) ) ) )
We could then attach that fixture to every test we execute , but that would establish and dispose the connection on every test execution .
We can save a lot of bandwidth and execution time by having every test use the same connection .
Telling clojure .
test to execute all tests in this fixture is simple , just put this form in your test file :
( use - fixtures : once connection - fixture )
Now we need to hook everything else up .
clojure .
test would suggest using ( use - fixtures : each ... ) but that would establish all of the fixtures for every test .
As far as I can tell , clojure .
test does n’t have a proscribed way to map individual fixtures to individual tests , so we have to apply our fixtures and compose the individual tests by hand .
You override run-tests default execution by defining a test - ns - hook function with your setup - by - hand tests .
( defn test - ns - hook [ ] ( test - create - and - drop - graph ) ( family - graph - fixture test - insert - triple ) ( family - graph - fixture test - load - file ) ( family - graph - fixture # ( family - data - fixture test - query ) ) )
Being able to pass around fns makes the whole process quite easy .
Note that I have to pass an anonymous function when nesting fixtures , but it does n’t add too much line - noise and is written in execution - order , which increases readability .
Also , even though I have n’t shown it in my above snippet , since we are defining how to run the tests with test - ns - hook we have taken responsibility for which tests get run , and no longer have to define any tests using the deftest - form .
However , now that we ’ve done that , we ’ve broken our ( use - fixtures : once ... ) statement .
Calling run-tests will no longer establish the connection , and so need to add a final layer of indirection .
( deftest test - suite ( test - graph - commands ) ( family - graph - fixture test - insert - triples ) ( family - graph - fixture test - load - file ) ( family - graph - fixture # ( data - fixture test - query ) ) ) ( defn test - ns - hook [ ] ( connection - fixture test - suite ) )
Here ’s the final result .
My co-worker ( thats - right - I- am - dangerous - Iceman ) Alex Miller points out that though it is prominent and publicly available , the front page of the clojure .
test API is sometimes the last place you look to get help with this stuff , but the Overview documentation for the lib is excellent .
Check it out .
tl;dr
Most of the high - end smartphones nowadays ( EVO 4G , Droid Incredible ) are using Qualcomm ’s 1 GHz Snapdragon processor but there may be a new player on the block , as Texas Instruments has introduced its own Cortex A8 1 GHz system - on - a - chip .
TI ’s AM3703 and AM3715 are part of the OMAP35 x line and the first round come in 600 MHz , 800 MHz and 1 GHz versions .
The company said it will have a dual - core Cortex A9 chipset later this year that will target smartphones , as this first batch is expected to go after smart displays , car navigation systems , and other gadgets .
Among other things , the increased horsepower should lead to devices with better video capabilities .
It may be tough to surpass Qualcomm in the smartphone space though , as it could take at least a year for actual phones with TI ’s new chipset to hit the market .
By then , we may already see handsets hit the shelves with Qualcomm ’s 1.5 GHz processor .
Still , the competition should spur better products for consumers and that ’s always a good thing .
[ Via WMPowerUser ]
Gay revelations were a disaster for a hero of US evangelicals .
Now he has launched a new church in his garden
Ted Haggard is back and about to start preaching again .
Haggard , once America 's leading evangelical pastor , who was brought down and removed from his own mega - church after admitting to a gay sex scandal , has set up a new ministry and will hold the first service in his new church today .
His wife , Gayle , who has stood by him throughout his troubles , will be the church 's co-pastor .
" We realised that I am a sinner and she is a saint , but that way we do have a very broad appeal , " he joked in an interview from his home in Colorado Springs , a city that has been described as the Vatican of America 's evangelical movement .
" I feel we have moved past the scandal .
We have forgiveness .
It is a second chance , " he said .
For Haggard , the formation of a new church – to be called St James – marks the beginning of a remarkable comeback and the latest stage of a rollercoaster ride through evangelical power .
Haggard first arrived in Colorado Springs in 1984 , after he said he had received a vision from God that he had to form a church in the heartland of American evangelism .
That church , which began in the basement of his house with 22 people , eventually grew into New Life Church , one of the largest mega-churches in America .
It had a congregation of more than 14,000 and Haggard became so prominent that he paid several visits to the White House of President George W Bush .
He also became president of the National Association of Evangelicals .
But that all ended in 2006 , when a gay prostitute said Haggard had paid him for sex .
The revelations destroyed Haggard 's career almost overnight .
He lost his position at New Life and had to leave Colorado .
He ended up in Arizona and started a new job selling insurance .
He also received controversial religious counselling about his sexuality .
Haggard now says he is heterosexual , but had gay urges because he was molested by a man when he was a child .
Now Haggard says he wants gays and bisexuals to come to his new church , whose first few meetings will be held in the garden of his suburban home .
" St James church is for anyone , and I do mean anyone ...
If you are straight , gay or bisexual , I want to walk through the scriptures with you , " Haggard told a press conference last week to announce his church .
Haggard 's view of homosexuality – and his own actions – appear bound to annoy almost everybody .
Many gay rights activists are offended by his view that his actions were caused by child abuse and that it is possible to receive counselling for having same - sex sexual feelings .
On the other hand , many evangelicals are still outraged at his past conduct , and will be equally furious at his openly reaching out to gays , whom they believe are sinning with their sexuality .
Haggard seems to be trying to span the two poles of opinion .
When asked what he would tell a gay person who came to St James , he said : " I would tell them to study the scriptures .
I would tell them to explore that with God .
It is an individual walk for them . "
But he denied that he thought homosexuality was forbidden in the Bible , a common belief among many conservative Christians .
" I would not say that .
I would say that all of us need God 's grace , " he said .
Haggard talked openly about what he calls " my scandal " , but also clearly felt that it left him an undeserving sinner .
" I feel that I need forgiveness .
But I do not feel that I deserve forgiveness , " he said .
But there is no doubt that Haggard is trying to move on and start to rebuild his life and old career .
He said the reaction to his announcement of a new church had been huge and overwhelmingly positive : " It made me feel elated .
Forgiven .
Loved . "
One man had heard about it in Germany and immediately flew to Colorado to meet him .
" He just got on a plane in Frankfurt , " Haggard said .
Haggard talked quickly and frequently cracked jokes and burst into laughter as he confessed he had no idea how big St James could eventually be .
" I have no future plans for that .
I am going to accept every blessing and see how it goes .
We have got 200 chairs for our first service and maybe in a few weeks we will need 2,000 .
Or maybe we won't , " he said .
Haggard said the scandal that wiped out his first career as a pastor had given him a strong insight into suffering and that made him a better counsellor for others who were under stress .
It had also shown him the power and importance of unconditional love , especially for those who were in trouble or who had sinned .
" Our aim with St James is a love reformation , " he said with another laugh .
" After what I have been through , I see people differently now .
Sometimes I just watch the news and cry because my heart is so tender and passionate and filled with love , " he said .
The same , however , cannot be said for all members of the Colorado Springs evangelical community .
Though many , including some prominent columnists in the local newspaper , have welcomed Haggard and his new church , some have not .
Haggard said he had wanted to do a TV interview about his church using a studio belonging to a powerful local religious group , but they had refused to have anything to do with him and he had been forced to drive to Denver to use a different studio there .
" It made me feel that we all need to keep reading our Bible , including some of our evangelical leaders , " Haggard said .
The article contained two main criticisms .
First , in Horgan ’s view , it was unlikely that the field of complex systems would uncover any useful general principles , and second , he believed that the predominance of computer modeling made complexity a “ fact - free science . ”
In the final chapter of the book Complexity : A Guided Tour , Mitchell gets to the heart of the real issues that I 've been griping about in this blog .
She begins by citing a harsh , 1995 piece by John Horgan , “ Is Complexity A Sham ? ” These are still the main criticisms many have , including myself .
Maybe there are common or general principles of complex systems out there , maybe there are n’t - and if there are n’t , it might not ever be obvious .
The worst possibility is that people keep searching , decade after decade , for something that does n’t exist .
Maybe there are systems that just are really , really complex , in their own unique way , extremely heterogeneous systems whose properties determined primarily by a non-reproducible history .
Take cellular automata for example .
There has been some fruitful work done on relatively simple cellular automata , and the impressive result is that systems of simple elements that obey local rules can produce very rich , complex , but understandable behavior .
So what about systems comprised not of relatively simple elements , but complex ones ?
Instead of cellular automata made up of cells with two or three possible states and a handful of rules , what of ones with a dozen different types of cells , arranged in some complex spatial pattern , each of which can be in one of a dozen different states , following local rules that are specific to the type and state of the cell ?
Contemplating a system like that , it ’s hard not to consider the possibility that there are no general principles governing most or all complex systems .
The awkwardness of some attempts to apply universal principles to very different systems is particularly clear in network science .
Applying a network analysis to understand the vulnerabilities of the power grid or the Internet ( where the meaning of edges and nodes in the network is fairly consistent ) seems natural .
It ’s not so natural to apply network ideas to protein - protein interaction networks ( with a few limited exceptions ) , or genetic networks , when the relationship between nodes is n’t so consistent across the entire network .
Perhaps molecular biological ‘ networks ’ are more like the parts of your car : is it helpful , really , to know whether the network of physical part interactions inside my Mazda 626 is scale free ?
Even if general principles can be found , they may not be fruitful - which is something that would certainly prevent complexity from ever being a mature science .
Second , there is a lot of fact - free science in the world of the complexity sciences .
Perhaps because many complex systems researchers are so excited about focusing in on commonalities , they not only ignore system - specific details they deem irrelevant , but fail to actually learn what they ’re ignoring , leaving them unable to judge how well their theories succeed , because they do n’t know much about evolution or ecology or economics or whatever .
There is a lot of biology tourism by some computational people who really are doing fact - free science .
They are happy if they can successfully use their model to number - crunch some data set ( typically the other half of the single dataset they used to train their model ) ; they declare victory and say that their success means that some grand idea ( typically untested , if not untestable ) that motivated their model has been vindicated .
In this fashion , the yeast cell cycle transcription network has been ‘ shown ’ to be robust 50 times over .
As far as I can tell , this computational finding has not inspired a single new experiment .
I once asked a speaker who had built a model that ‘ explained ’ known gene expression patterns in a developing embryo , how he planned to test his model .
His answer was , literally , that he had no idea ; in his mind , the fact that he could computationally reproduce known experimental facts was enough .
That ’s just bad science .
And so , I finish Complexity : A Guided Tour having read in it many claims about how new ( allegedly complexity - inspired ) ideas in biology are overthrowing long - held doctrines about genes and evolution , and yet I did n’t find more than two examples of any application of non-linear dynamics , mathematical network theory , cellular automata , information theory , Turing machines , Gödel ’s incompleteness theorem , genetic algorithms , game theory , or fractals actually applied successfully to a genuine biological question .
And in both cases rigorous experimental testing is lacking .
One is Robert Axelrod ’s game theoretic exploration of cooperation in biology .
The other is metabolic scaling theory ( which looks at the relationship between metabolic rate and organism size ) , which has so far failed to be widely convincing , and , worse , is associated with grandiose claims about its potential to be the unifying theory of biology , on par with Newton ’s Laws in physics .
When it comes to biology , complexity sciences have produced more hype than fruitful results .
This stands in stark contrast to the successes of genuinely hot fields in biology , like genome biology and human genetics .
I wo n’t end on a completely negative note .
The mediocre treatment of biology in this book has got my hackles raised , but the book ’s author , Melanie Mitchell ( a computer science professor ) is honest throughout the book about the criticisms that have been raised .
I can understand why this subject is so seductive .
( If you do n't believe me , check out the name of my blog . )
There is such rich theory in physics and mathematics about computation , about information processing , about emergent properties , theory that has been quite successful when applied to the typical systems physicists study .
The link between thermodynamics and information is stunning .
How could there not be a fruitful way to apply these ideas to information processing inside of the cell ?
How does a physical - chemical system of metabolites , proteins , nucleic acids and lipids sense the environment , make a decision , and execute that decision ?
Narrative models ( of the type typically found in Figure 7 or 8 of your average Cell paper ) are unsatisfying Rube Goldberg contraptions .
And yet , as Mitchell relates , as seductive as these ideas are , they ’ve failed repeatedly to live up to their promise over the decades ( especially in biology ) - from Cybernetics to General Systems
Theory to the new sciences of complexity .
They have been largely “ intriguing analogies among different systems without producing a coherent and rigorous mathematical theory that explains or predicts their behavior . ”
Maybe most complex systems really are unique Rube Goldberg machines .
Previous failures obviously do n’t mean there wo n’t be success in the future , but one sure path to failure is for complex systems scientists to fool themselves with their own hype .
Wishful thinking can’t replace the rigor that has characterized the best science of the past 400 years .
Read the feed :
New team owners often have their hands full hiring executives , meeting fans and sponsors , and adding or cutting players .
Michael Jordan , the new majority owner of the N.B.A. Charlotte Bobcats , is no different , only he may have something else on his to - do list : a new team nickname .
“ If I get the understanding from the community , from the public , that we need it and it signifies change , yeah , I would do that , ” Jordan told reporters in Charlotte , N.C. , last month after he took over the team .
Ownership changes and relocations are rare chances to rebrand franchises , especially if poor play in the arena or outside scandal has dogged the team .
But changing nicknames cannot assure a winning team , is expensive and can alienate fans , all things Jordan will have to consider .
Jordan will also have to weigh whether changing the team ’s name makes sense when the Bobcats are finally having success .
The team is enjoying its first winning season and will make the first playoff appearance in its six - year history .
Then again , Jordan may decide to scrap the name to distance himself from the previous owner , Robert Johnson , whose team was known jokingly as Bob ’s Cats .
The Nets , too , will play the name game when they leave New Jersey in 2012 .
For now , the team plans to be called the Brooklyn Nets to capitalize on the borough ’s basketball heritage , which has produced stars like Lenny Wilkens , Bernard King and Stephon Marbury .
But with a new owner and a new arena , the team could opt for a full makeover .
( The Nets began their life as the New Jersey Americans in the American Basketball Association . )
struct A
{
char x [ 7 ] ;
} ;
int diff ( struct A *a , struct A *b )
{
return a-b ;
}
A
movl 4 ( %esp ) , %eax
subl 8 ( %esp ) , %eax
imull $ - 1227133513 , %eax , %eax
ret
1
2
n
n
n
n
n
n
n
... 11111111
...00000001
-----------
...00000000
... 11111111
... 1111111
... 111111
... 11111
...
-----------
...00000001
n
n
n+1
n+1
n
n
n
n+1
n
n
1
-5
- 185
- 239945
-403015701065
-1136951587135200126341705
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000001
11111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111011
11111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111101000111
11111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111000101011010110111
11111111111111111111111111111111111111111111010001000101010011001000110110110110111
11100001111001111011011101100100000010000000011011010110110110110110110110110110111
10110110110110110110110110110111
10100000000000000000000000000000001
00000000000000000000000000000001 .
#include < stdio.h >
#include < assert .h>
typedef unsigned int uint ;
uint inverse( uint x )
{
uint y = 2 - x ;
y = y*( 2 - x*y ) ;
y = y*( 2 - x*y ) ;
y = y*( 2 - x*y ) ;
y = y*( 2 - x*y ) ;
return y ;
}
int main ( )
{
uint i ;
for ( i = 1 ; i< 0 xfffffffe ; i += 2 )
{
assert ( i*inverse ( i ) == 1 ) ;
}
}
Here is a simple C type and a function definition :
It does n't seem like there could be much to say about that .
Thestructure is 7 bytes long so the subtraction implicitly divides by 7 .
That 's about it .
But take a look at the assembly language generated when it 's compiled with gcc :
Where is the division by 7 ?
Instead we see multiplication by - 1227133513 .
A good first guess is that maybe this strange constant is an approximate fixed point representation of 1/ 7 .
But this is a single multiplication with no shifting or bit field selection tricks .
So how does this work ?
And what is - 1227133513 ?
Answering that question will lead us on a trip through some suprising and abstract mathematics .
Among other things , we 'll see how not only can you represent negative numbers as positive numbers in binary using twos complements , but that we can also represent fractions similarly in binary too .
But first , some history .
That 's an Intel 4004 microprocessor , the first microprocessor completely contained on a single chip .
It was a 4 bit processor equipped with 4 bit registers .
With 4 bits we can represent unsigned integers from 0 to 15 in a single register .
But what happens if we want to represent larger integers ?
Let 's restrict ourselves to arithmetic operations using only addition , subtraction and multiplication and using one register per number .
Then a curious thing happens .
Take some numbers outside of the range 0 to 15 and store only the last 4 bits of each number in our registers .
Now perform a sequence of additions , subtractions and multiplications .
Obviously we usually expect to get the wrong result because if the final result is outside of our range we can't represent it in a single register .
But the result we do get will have the last 4 bits of the correct result .
This happens because in the three operations I listed , the value of a bit in a result does n't depend on higher bits in the inputs .
Information only propagates from low bit to high bit .
We can think of a 4004 as allowing us to correctly resolve the last 4 bits of a result .
From the perspective of a 4004 , 1 and 17 and 33 all look like the same number .
It does n't have the power to distinguish them .
But if we had a more powerful 8 bit processor like the 6502 in this machine , we could distinguish them :
This is analogous to the situation we have with distances in physical world .
With our eyes we can resolve details maybe down to 0.5 mm .
If we want to distinguish anything smaller we need more powerful equipment , like a magnifying class .
When that fails we can get a microscope , or an electron microscope , or these days even an atomic force microscope .
The more we pay , the smaller we can resolve .
We can think of the cost of the equipment required to resolve two points as being a kind of measure of how close they are .
We have the same with computers .
To resolve 1 and 17 we need an 8 - bit machine .
To resolve 1 and 65537 we need a 32 - bit machine .
And so on .
So if we adopt a measure based on cost like in the previous paragraph , there is a sense in which 1 is close to 17 , but 1 is even closer to 257 , and it 's closer still to 65537 .
We have this inverted notion of closeness where numbers separated by large ( in the usual sense ) powers of two are close in this new sense .
We have an interesting relationship between computing machines with different ' resolving ' power .
If we take an arithmetical computation on an N - bit machine , and then take the last M bits of the inputs and result , we get exactly what the M - bit machine would have computed .
So an M - bit machine can be thought of as a kind of window onto the last M - bits onto an N - bit machine .
Here 's a sequence of machines :
Each machine provides a window onto the low bits of the previous machine in the sequence .
But what happens at the " ... " on the left ?
That suggests the bizarre idea that maybe all of these finite machines could be thought of as window to some infinite bit machine .
Does that idea make any kind of sense ?
I 'll try to convince you that 's a sensible idea by pointing out that it 's something familiar to anyone who 's taken a rigorous analysis course .
( And I 'll mention in passing that the above diagram illustrates a limit in an appropriate category !)
Mathematicians ( often ) build the real numbers from the rational numbers by a process known as completion .
Consider a sequence like 1 , 14/10 , 141/100 , 1414/1000 , ... .
The nth term is the largest fraction , with 10in the denominator , such that its square is less than 2 .
It 's well known that there is no rational number whose square is 2 .
And yet it feels like this sequence ought to be converging to something .
It feels this way because successive terms in the sequence get as close to each other as you like .
If you pick any ε there will be a term in the series , say x , with the property that later terms never deviate from x by more than ε .
Such a sequence is called a Cauchy sequence .
But these sequences do n't all converge to rational numbers .
A number like √ 2 is a gap .
What are we to do ?
Mathematicians fill the gap by defining a new type of number , the real number .
These are by definition Cauchy sequences .
Now every Cauchy sequence converges to a real number because , by definition , the real number it converges to is the sequence .
For this to be anything more than sleight of hand we need to prove that we can do arithmetic with these sequences .
But that 's just a technical detail that can be found in any analysis book .
So , for example , we can think of the sequence I gave above as actually being the square root of two .
In fact , the decimal notation we use to write √ 2 , 1.414213 ... , can be thought of as shorthand for the sequence ( 1 , 14/10 , 141/100 , ... ) .
The notion of completeness depends on an an idea of closeness .
I 've described an alternative to the usual notion of closeness and so we can define an alternative notion of Cauchy sequence .
We 'll say that the sequence x , x , ... is a Cauchy sequence in the new sense if all the numbers from xonwards agree on their last n bits .
( This is n't quite the usual definition but it 'll do for here . )
For example , 1 , 3 , 7 , 15 , 31 , ... define a Cauchy sequence .
We consider a Cauchy sequence equal to zero if xalways has zero for its n lowest bits .
So 2 , 4 , 8 , 16 , 32 , ... is a representation of zero .
We can add , subtract and multiply Cauchy sequences pointwise , so , for example , the product and sum of xand yhas terms x .
Two Cauchy sequences are considered equal if their difference is zero .
These numbers are called 2 - adic integers .
Exercise : prove that if x is a 2 - adic integer then x+0=x and that 0x=0 .
There 's another way of looking at 2 - adic integers .
They are infinite strings of binary digits , extending to the left .
The last n digits are simply given by the last n digits of x .
For example we can write 1 , 3 , 7 , 31 , ... as ... 1111111 .
Amazingly we can add subtract and multiply these numbers using the obvious extensions of the usaul algorithms .
Let 's add ... 1111111 to 1:
We get a carry of 1 that ripples off to infinity and gives us zeroes all the way .
We can try doing long multiplication of ... 111111 with itself .
We get :
It 's important to notice that even though there are an infinite number of rows and columns in that multiplication you only need to multiply and add a finite number of numbers to get any digit of the result .
If you do n't like that infinite arrangement you can instead compute the last n digits of the product by multiplying 11 ...n digits ... 111 by itself and taking the last n digits .
The infinite long multiplication is really the same as doing this for all n and organising it in one big table .
So ... 1111111 has many of the properties we expect of - 1 .
Added to 1 we get zero and squaring it gives 1 .
It is - 1 in the 2 - adic integers .
This gives us a new insight into twos complement arithmetic .
The negative twos - complements are the truncated last n digits of the 2 - adic representations of the negative integers .
We should properly be thinking of twos - complement numbers as extending out to infinity on the left .
The field of analysis makes essential use of the notion of closeness with its δ and ε proofs .
Many theorems from analysis carry over to the 2 - adic integers .
We find ourselves in a strange alternative number universe which is a sort of mix of analysis and number theory .
In fact , people have even tried studying physics in p-adic universes .
( p-adics are what you get when you repeat the above for base p numbers , but I do n't want to talk about that now . )
One consequence of analysis carrying over is that some of our intuitions about real numbers carry over to the 2 - adics , even though some of our intuitive geometric pictures seem like they do n't really apply .
I 'm going to concentrate on one example .
I hope everyone is familiar with the Newton - Raphson method for solving equations .
If we wish to solve f( x ) =0 we start with an estimate x .
We find the tangent to y=f ( x ) at x=x .
The tangent line is an approximation to the curve y=f ( x ) so we solve the easy problem of finding where the tangent line crosses the x-axis to get a new estimate x .
This gives the formula= x - f ( x ) / f'( x ) .
With luck the new estimate will be closer than the old one .
We can do some analysis to get some sufficient conditions for convergence .
The surprise is this : the Newton - Raphson method often works very well for the 2 - adic integers even though the geometric picture of lines crossing axes does n't quite make sense .
In fact , it often works much better than with real numbers allowing us to state very precise and easy to satisfy conditions for convergence .
Now let 's consider the computation of reciprocals of real numbers .
To find 1 / a we wish to solve f( x ) =0 where f( x ) =1 / x - a.
Newton 's method gives the iteration x= x ( 2 - ax ) .
This is a well know iteration that is used internally by CPUs to compute reciprocals .
But for it to work we need to start with a good estimate .
The famous Pentium divide bug was a result of it using an incorrect lookup table to provide the first estimate .
So let 's say we want to find 1 / 7 .
We might start with an estimate like 0.1 and quickly get estimates 0.13 , 0.1417 , 0.142848 , ... .
It 's converging to the familiar 0.142857 ...
But what happens if we start with a bad estimate like 1 .
We get the sequence :
It 's diverging badly .
But now let 's look at the binary :
Our series may be diverging rapidly in the usual sense , but amazingly it 's converging rapidly in our new 2 - adic sense !
If it 's really converging to a meaningful reciprocal we'd expect that if we multiplied the last n digits of these numbers by 7 then we'd get something that agreed with the number 1 in the last 7 digits .
Let 's take the last 32 digits : and multiply by 7 : The last 32 bits areSo if we 're using 32 bit registers , and we 're performing multiplication , addition and subtraction , then this number is , to all intents and purposes , a representation of 1/ 7 .
If we interpret as a twos complements number , then in decimal it's - 1227133513 .
And that 's the mysterious number gcc generated .
There are many things to follow up with .
I 'll try to be brief .
Try compiling C code with a struct of size 14 .
You 'll notice some extra bit shifting going on .
So far I 've only defined the 2 - adic integers .
But to get he reciprocal of every non-zero number we need numbers whose digits do n't just extend leftwards to infinity but also extend a finite number of steps to the right of the " binary point " .
These are the full 2 - adic numbers as opposed to merely the 2 - adic integers .
That 's how the extra shifts can be interpreted .
Or more simply , if you need to divide by 14 you can divide by 2 first and then use the above method to divide by 7.
I do n't know how gcc generates its approximate 2 - adic reciprocals .
Possibly it uses something based on the Euclidean GCD algorithm .
I was n't able to find the precise line of source in a reasonable time .
An example of a precise version of the Newton - Raphson method for the p-adics is the Hensel lemma
The last thing I want to say is that all of the above is intended purely to whet your appetite and point out that a curious abstraction from number theory has an application to compiler writing .
It 's all non-rigourous and hand - wavey .
Recommend reading further at Wikipedia .
I learnt most of what I know on the subject from the first few chapters of Koblitz 's book p-adic Numbers , p-adic Analysis , and Zeta functions .
The proof of the von Staudt –Clausen theorem in that book is mindblowing .
It reveals that the real numbers and the p-adic numbers are equally valid ways to approximately get a handle on rational numbers and that there are whole alternative p-adic universes out there inhabited by weird versions of familiar things like the Riemann zeta function .
( Oh , and please do n't take the talk of CPUs too literally .
I 'm fully aware that you can represent big numbers even on a 4 bit CPU .
But what what I say about a model of computation restricted to multiplication , addition and subtraction in single n- bit registers holds true . ) 1 . Prove from first principles that the iteration for 1/7 converges .
Can you prove how many digits it generates at a time ?
2 . Can you find a 32 bit square root of 7 ?
Using the Newton - Raphson method ?
Any other number ?
Any problems ?
Update : I have replaced the images with images that are , to the best of my knowledge , public domain , or composited from public domain images .
( Thanks jisakujien .
My bad . )
If you want to play with some p-adics yourself , there is some code to be found here .
That also has code for transcendental functions applied to p-adics .
Here 's some C code to compute inverses of odd numbers modulo 2 ( assuming 32 bit ints ) .
Like the real valued Newton method , it doubles the number of correct digits at each step so we only need 5 iterations to get 32 bits .
( C code as I think it 's traditional to twiddle one 's bits in C rather than Haskell . )
When it comes to online gaming , most believe Nintendo lags behind Microsoft and Sony in a distant third .
But Super Mario Bros. and The Legend of Zelda creator Shigeru Miyamoto reckons criticism of Nintendo's online gaming strategy is " unfair " .
In fact , he says Nintendo's " proactive " when it comes to online multiplayer , and the Japanese company 's efforts have been " well received " .
In most cases , to play online with a specific person using the Wii , you need to exchange a unique 12 digit Friend Code generated by the game you 're playing .
Individual friends lists can be maintained in each game .
Many Nintendo fans will find Miyamoto 's comments puzzling .
The Nintendo Wii is considered to be the weakest of all the major three home consoles when it comes to online gaming .
" To be honest , I think it 's rather unfair whenever I hear such comments - that Nintendo is n't proactive when it comes to its online strategy , " Miyamoto told Edge in an interview .
" The fact of the matter is that we always want all Wii consoles to be connected online , all the time , so Nintendo has never been less than proactive in that kind of endeavour . "
Miyamoto did , however , admit that Nintendo is " less active " when it comes to online gaming as a core business .
" It is true , though , that Nintendo has n't been very proactive in developing such online activities as an MMOG .
But when it comes to our endeavours that try to take advantage of internet technology , where we can provide our customers with more fun and entertainment , then I think we can say we have been very , very proactive and well - received .
And that attitude wo n't be changed at all in the future .
" But probably the other thing that we are desperate to realise is the core business structure .
Do we need to demand customers pay monthly fees to enjoy online activities ?
Or give an online subscription that is free of charge , but then offer something extra for people that pay , so that they get some extra value ?
With these core business strategies I think we are less active than we should be . "
While the Wii's online functionality can't compare to that of the Xbox 360 or the PS3's , in terms of sales , the Wii is the clear winner .
Perhaps if and when Nintendo releases a new console , we 'll see Nintendo " realise " online multiplayer as a core business structure .
What do you think ?
Is criticism of online gaming on Nintendo consoles unfair ?
Let us know in the comments section below .
18,700 years ago , a supernova in the Circinus constellation resulted in a neutron star that spins seven times per second , a pulsar 20 kilometers in diameter called PSR B1509 - 58 .
Yes , it 's either that or God 's hand giving us five .
Advertisement
Or maybe it 's God reaching for its cosmic burrito , like a commenter says .
The image — 100 light years long — was captured by the Chandra X - Ray observatory .
According to NASA , the " low energy X - rays are in red , medium energies in green , and high energies in blue .
The pulsar itself is in the bright central region . " [ NASA ]
Canada ’s Braidwood inquiry admits only the incontestable :
Police tasered Dziekanski to death
By Carl Bronski
24 June 2010
Two and a half years after the police killing of Polish immigrant Robert Dziekanski at the Vancouver , British Columbia International Airport , retired Appeals Court Justice Thomas Braidwood has issued the findings of the public inquiry he led into Dziekanski ’s death .
Braidwood ’s final report excoriates the four Royal Canadian Mounted Police ( RCMP ) officers who killed a lost and confused Dziekanski on the night of October 14 , 2007 .
But it does not recommend any sanctions against them , let alone against their superiors — up to and including the RCMP top brass — who sought to cover up and justify the killing .
The report is an exercise in damage control meant to salvage whatever credibility remains for Canada ’s scandal - plagued national police .
As Braidwood explained , “ Mr. Dziekanski ’s death appears to have galvanized public antipathy for the Force and its members .
That is regrettable , because the most important weapon in the arsenal of the police is public support .
This tragic case is , at its heart , the story of shameful conduct by a few officers . ”
Commissions of Inquiry in Canada , especially those convened over matters of police misconduct , have been a tried and true method by which the ruling elite seeks to contain and whitewash egregious acts perpetrated by the forces of the state against the population .
But in the case of the Dziekanski killing , so overwhelming was the evidence against the four policemen and so transparent was the cover up and web of lies subsequently propagated by the police , that Braidwood could not avoid a certain amount of umbrage and vexation in his final report .
A construction worker and former miner , 40 - year - old Robert Dziekanski was tasered to death by four RCMP officers , ten hours after disembarking from an airplane so as to join his mother as a newly arrived immigrant to Kamloops , British Columbia .
Dziekanski , who spoke no English , had become disoriented as he passed through the various immigration and customs checkpoints at the airport and was unable to meet or make contact with his mother who waited for him outside the secure baggage claim area .
Ten hours later , exhausted , exasperated , lost and confused , he was confronted by four RCMP officers who , despite his compliant demeanor , administered a taser gun shock to him within twenty - four seconds of their meeting .
Dziekanski immediately fell to the floor , writhing in pain where police hit him with four additional shocks , handcuffed him and placed a knee on the stricken man ’s neck .
Police then stood idly by , failing to check for vital signs , as Dziekanski lay hogtied and unconscious with his skin turning blue in a clear sign of asphyxiation .
When paramedics arrived , the police initially refused to remove the handcuffs to allow proper medical attention .
Dziekanski was pronounced dead shortly thereafter .
During the two days immediately following Dziekanski ’s death , the RCMP issued a series of statements full of errors and lies .
These included claims that Dziekanski was “ violent , ” that he was “ armed ” ( with an office stapler ) , that he “ continued to flail and fight ” after being felled by the first taser - shock , that he was tasered only twice , and that Dziekanski’s “ vital signs were monitored while waiting for emergency medical personnel . ”
When the police story began to unravel , the RCMP clammed up .
RCMP Superintendent Rideout , who headed the investigation into Dziekanski ’s death , justified the police ’s failure to issue any retractions , clarifications or corrections with the claim that he did n’t want to further compromise the integrity of the investigation .
But this did not stop him from issuing a press release on Nov. 30 , 2007 , in violation of his own “ cease [ communicating with the press ] directive , ” that sought to exonerate the police of the charge that they had done nothing to assist the dying Dziekanski .
The RCMP , in league with Taser International ( the manufacturer of the murder weapon ) subsequently lost no opportunity to malign Robert Dziekanski ’s reputation , attempting to portray him as an unstable and violent alcoholic .
The RCMP even dispatched officers to Poland to try to dig up dirt against the dead man .
Robert Dziekanski ’s death would have been consigned to the closed case files long before any commission of inquiry had it not been for the entry into the public domain of a video - recording of the entire incident taken by bystander Paul Pritchard .
During the incident at the airport , as the police arrived to confront Dziekanski , Pritchard was ordered by a security guard to stop filming .
Pritchard refused to comply , retorting that that he had just returned from a job in China and had every right to do what he was doing in Canada .
Later the security guard pointed Pritchard out to RCMP investigators .
They persuaded a reluctant Pritchard to hand his camera over to them on the understanding that it would be returned intact within 48 hours .
Pritchard did indeed receive his camera back within the promised time - frame .
However , the camera had a new memory card with copies of all his photos and videos except for the footage of the tasering of Dziekanski .
When Pritchard complained , he was told that the footage might be needed for a criminal investigation , in which case it could take up to two and a half years before it was returned .
Rightly fearing a police cover - up , Pritchard filed a lawsuit , which ended up before the BC Supreme Court .
Only then did the RCMP back down , returning the recording to Pritchard at the beginning of November 2007 .
Since then the video recording has been seen on television and widely viewed on the Internet .
The glaring discrepancies between the RCMP story and the gruesome unprovoked attack shown on the video fanned the already widespread public criticism of the RCMP and of the manner in which police forces across North America are using tasers .
In an attempt to mollify the public outrage the Liberal provincial government set up Braidwood ’s inquiry to provide a complete record of the circumstances under which Robert Dziekanski died and investigate and make recommendations about the use of tasers in British Columbia .
The convening of the inquiry , however , did not stop the Criminal Justice Branch of the provincial Attorney - General ’s office to claim — even after viewing the videotape — that the four policemen in question used “ reasonable ” and “ necessary ” force in taking down Dziekanski .
During the inquiry , the four police officers stuck to their unlikely story , despite evidence from the video and other eye - witnesses .
Near the end of the inquiry , Braidwood inquiry counsel Art Vertlieb announced that for months the government had had in its possession an email from a top RCMP officer that flatly contradicted the testimony of all four officers before the Braidwood inquiry , but had failed to disclose it .
The email indicated that senior RCMP officials understood that the four officers who participated in Dziekanski ’s killing had planned , even before arriving on the scene , to taser the new immigrant .
The officers all testified before the Braidwood inquiry that no plan was discussed prior to encountering Dziekanski behind the airport ’s customs area .
The email in question was sent to RCMP Assistant Commissioner Al Macintyre by Divisional Chief Superintendant Dick Bent some three weeks after Dziekanski ’s death .
It stated , “ Finally spoke to Wayne ( Rideout , the lead RCMP investigator in the case ) , and he indicated that the members ... had discussed the response en route and decided that if he did not comply , that they would go to CEW ( police jargon for tasering ) . ”
During the entire course of the inquiry no RCMP official , or government lawyer , made mention of this email , which the RCMP had handed over with other evidence to the federal government ’s legal team many months prior .
Even after the conclusion of the inquiry , the RCMP continued its double - dealing .
This past April , as Braidwood was preparing to release his report , RCMP Deputy Commissioner Gary Bass publicly “ apologized ” to Dziekanski ’s bereaved mother ( who had accepted a cash settlement in return for dropping her civil lawsuit against the federal and provincial governments , the police and the airport ) .
The so - called contrition , however , meant absolutely nothing .
The day before the apology was made , emails from the Commissioner to subordinates stated , “ even though the word ‘ apology ’ worries some , we are not apologizing for the actions of specific members or saying anything about specific actions . ”
Despite Braidwood ’s denunciation of the “ shameful conduct ” of the four policemen and their subsequent “ deliberate misrepresentations ” , and his scolding of the police public relations officers who issued misleading statements , the judge refrained from issuing an official finding of police misconduct .
Nor did he probe into the reasons why the Criminal Justice office of the British Colombia government , after viewing the same video evidence placed before the inquiry –unashamedly backed the police killing of a hapless immigrant .
The four policemen who killed Robert Dziekanski are all still on the police payroll .
Three have been re-assigned to other duties whilst a fourth , the supervising corporal during the killing , is suspended with pay while he contests an unrelated charge of impaired driving causing death .
In a statement issued several days ago , Zofia Cisowski , Dziekanski ’s mother , said , “ this just shows that the RCMP even when they apologize to me , they cover - up .
They want to apologize , but they do n’t lay charges against the four RCMP and they ’re still working and nothing happens to them . ”
Despite clear evidence of police misconduct up and down the line in the Dziekanski case , despite the bare - faced lies by the responding policemen , their superiors and agencies within the government , and despite the documented history of RCMP killings , dirty tricks , prevarications and provocations decade after decade , Judge Thomas Braidwood had a different view .
" This tragic case is at its heart a story of shameful conduct by a few officers .
It ought not to reflect unfairly on the many thousands of RCMP and other police officers who have , through years of public service , protected our communities and earned a well - deserved reputation for doing so . "
Under conditions where the ruling class anticipates an upsurge in working class resistance to its plans for draconian cuts to public and social services , wages , pensions and jobs , Braidwood most certainly knows which side of the bread his butter is on .
This author also recommends :
Canada : Cover -up of RCMP murder of immigrant worker unravels
[ 20 June 2009 ]
When Richard D. James , aka Aphex Twin , announced a few DJ dates in Europe , we hoped he'd break out some new beats as part of his sets .
And he 's doing exactly that .
A spokesperson for Aphex 's label , Warp , told us : " Richard himself says his sets are full of unreleased tunes . "
Even better : Somebody captured six minutes of new material at last weekend 's Aphex gig at Metz , France 's Centre Pompidou and put it up on YouTube .
( Thanks to Ben Capraro for the tip . )
The video just shows James backed by a flashing screen but the audio is impeccable -- and the new stuff sounds dreamy and propulsive in all the right places .
( No word on when or if the unreleased tunes will become available . )
Watch the clip below .
Aphex Twin has a few more DJ sets lined up for the summer -- those are below , too .
Watch a few more clips from the Centre Pompidou show here and check out some beautiful photos of the set here .
Aphex Twin : Untitled New Song ( live at Metz , France 's Centre Pompidou , May 15 , 2010 )
Aphex Twin :
05 - 26 D|dingen , Switzerland - Kilbi Festival
06 - 12 Inverness , Scotland - Rockness
08 - 28 London , England - LED Festival
09 - 26 Ibiza , Spain - Space Ibiza
QR Code Link to This Post
Location : That Time of Month .
it 's NOT ok to contact this poster with services or other commercial interests
But , lately , I 've been having a problem with periods .
Yeah , periods .
Now , normally ' periods ' and ' sex ' are not something that most people want to talk about - at least NOT in the same sentence - but I think that the time has come for us to open up , and to admit that maybe there IS a place where periods and sex can coexist .
Take the following post , for example : " lookin 4 a guy who is hott ready to have fun and get me off not just sex but mentally as well be cute or dont aply be with in my age younger is ok and will consider a suga daddy !!!
have fun good luck " This sounds great ... does n't it ?
( I 'm hott , cute , and would be a good suga daddy ! )
But what about her periods ?
Is she old enough to have periods ?
Is she missing her periods ?
Maybe she 's too embarrassed to include periods in her posting .
This has got to stop !
There is no reason why women can't use periods in their postings when they are offering sex .
It 's natural ; it 's normal ; people will understand ; and , frankly , it just makes sense .
Why should women be embarrassed about periods , or be afraid to use them in their postings ?
Sure , sometimes periods are a pain , sometimes they can be an inconvenience , and sometimes it 's just easier to skip them , but there is no reason why sex and periods can't go together .
I enjoy my Sunday - morning trolling , but I 'll take my sex with periods ( and exclamation marks ! ) ... anytime .
Period .
Newt Gingrich got to continue his Fox News Book Promotion
Tour last night on Sean Hannity 's show , pitching his new book , To Save America : Why Liberals Want to Eat Your Children , picking up where he left off on Sunday 's gig with Chris Wallace .
Let 's just say that Gingrich without the restraints of Wallace 's , ah , probing questions is kind of like root - canal work without the benefit of anesthetics .
Unlike Wallace , Hannity was openly promoting Gingrich 's story line , to wit , that President Obama and the evil liberals are going to destroy America by instituting a " secular socialist " state .
Hannity could scarcely contain himself as they contemplated Obama 's supposed deep - seated radicalism .
Hannity , you see , believes with Gingrich that " we are in a battle for the heart and soul of America -- in fact , the greatest battle since the Civil War . "
Just in case there was anyone out there wondering when right - wingers were going to get around to declaring civil war on liberals .
There were lots of prime bon mots , but perhaps my favorite was this one :
Gingrich :
By the early 1990s , I thought , you know , we 've proven all the major tenets of modern American conservatism .
And it never occurred to me that the hard left would just dig in , bury themselves -- in the academic world , in the news media , in the labor unions -- and now have come back more left - wing , more radical , more determined than ever .
See , this is what we call " projection " .
Because as we all know , and are still experiencing , the " major tenets of modern conservatism " have just been exposed as a complete sham , a mockery of modern governance , by the eight years of the Bush administration -- eight years in which conservatives destroyed the economy , destroyed America 's standing in the world , and horribly impacted the global environment .
And yes , you 'd think after that experience , conservatives would stand back in shock at the recognition of what they 've done to the economy and mend their ways .
Probably no one ( except those of us who know them too well ) would imagine that they would just bury themselves in the work of denying heatedly that they just brought the nation to its knees and become more determined than ever to seize the reins of power by any means necessary .
Including trying to invoke a civil war .
But then , some of us know them better than that .
The newly created vegetable garden at Smith Renaissance School of the Arts in northeast Denver already has taught students a few important life lessons .
First , and obviously , the garden is teaching students about botany and how food is grown .
Second , and unfortunately , students learned a hard truth when someone broke into the garden and stole plants .
The final and heart - warming lesson is one of community , which pulled together to donate plants and made a promise to help keep the garden green over the summer .
“ It ’s a great lesson that when something bad happens , to turn it into something good , ” said Tom Boasberg , the Denver Public Schools superintendent , who visited the school Monday to help replant the garden .
Students busied themselves with shovels , seedlings and the joy of gardening .
“ It ’s cool , ” said Jessica Gavala , a 9 - year - old third - grader .
“ We ’re out here having fun , digging and putting plants in the holes . ”
“ I think it ’s interesting that food comes from the dirt , ” said Cheyenne Sharp , 9 , a third - grader , who said his favorite vegetables are broccoli and carrots .
The garden was built last fall and named for Zumante Lucero , a Smith student who died from a severe asthma attack last summer .
Students in Molly Eldredge ’s third - grade class started with seeds in the classroom , watching them grow over the past few weeks .
“ They reminded me every day to water , ” she said .
Two weeks ago , on a Friday , the students planted the seedlings and others that were donated .
The following Monday , the plants were gone .
“ One student wondered if it was a clever rabbit , ” said Lindsay McNicholas , the school ’s resource advocate .
“ It was deflating .
We had just planted them .
We did n’t even make it 72 hours . ”
But businesses and community members heard about the theft and stepped up .
Lowe ’s Home Improvement donated a shed and locks for the garden gate , Noodles & Co. contributed the replacement plants , and Slow Food Denver is providing the guidance through their seed - to - table program .
About two dozen Denver public schools , including charters , have added gardens on their campuses .
The movement is being pushed by Slow Food Denver , the nonprofit dedicated to preserving food traditions and heritage , supporting local food producers and purveyors and promoting sustainable agriculture .
“ We ’re doing it because it ’s important for this generation to understand where their food comes from , to be more connected with our food , ” said Krista Roberts , president of Slow Food Denver .
“ That basically leads to people eating healthier , less processed food . ”
The DPS administration is also on board .
This summer , professional farmers will begin to cultivate urban farms at McGlone and Bradley elementary schools .
Also , DPS food - service workers will be undergoing training on how to cook from scratch .
Jeremy P. Meyer : 303-954-1367 or jpmeyer@denverpost.com
Ray Towler was released this week after spending 29 years in prison for a rape he did n't commit .
DNA testing proved Towler 's innocence .
In addition to approximately $ 1.4 million he 's expected to get from the state , plus lost wages , for the wrongful imprisonment and butchered trial , Towler is raking in some deserved swag .
He got some fine free pizza from Rascal House as his first meal , a LeBron jersey , and a surprise from the Cavs .
Upon his release , Towler was asked about feeling anger about his situation .
His answer , naturally , focused on the Cavs ' chance of winning the NBA championship .
" This is the greatest day of my life , and it 's pure joy ; I have no hate for anyone , " said the 52 - year - old Cleveland native in a phone interview yesterday .
" I suppose hoping to see LeBron play in person is too much to ask , but at least I can watch the games from outside the barbed wire .
I get to start a new life , and the Cavs are going to win the championship .
It does n't get much better than that . "
Turns out the Cavs were paying attention , and , no , seeing LeBron in person was n't too much to ask .
They 've provided free tickets for the next home playoff game against Boston .
He had told The Dispatch on Tuesday that it was probably too much to ask to see LeBron James in person at a Cavaliers ' playoff game .
But it was n't .
Tad Carper , Cavs vice president of communication , said yesterday that he would invite Towler and three guests to sit courtside for next week 's playoff game in Cleveland against the Boston Celtics .
Towler at first thought it was a joke .
But as it sunk in , he beamed with more joy than when he learned he was being released .
He said he would take his brother , brother - in - law and niece .
" Now , that is what I call a homecoming present , " he said .
Reached for comment , Tad had this to say : " We were blown away by the story and his reaction and comments about his situation .
We ’re humbled and honored to do it .
We just want to play a small role in him having a fun and special night as he starts the rest of his life .
Much bigger than basketball .
Helps put it in perspective for all of us . "
Follow me on Twitter : @vincethepolack .
MOUNTAIN VIEW , Calif .
ON a Tuesday evening this spring , Sergey Brin , the co-founder of Google , became part man and part machine .
About 40 people , all gathered here at a NASA campus for a nine - day , $ 15,000 course at Singularity University , saw it happen .
While the flesh - and - blood version of Mr. Brin sat miles away at a computer capable of remotely steering a robot , the gizmo rolling around here consisted of a printer - size base with wheels attached to a boxy , head - height screen glowing with an image of Mr. Brin ’s face .
The BrinBot obeyed its human commander and sputtered around from group to group , talking to attendees about Google and other topics via a videoconferencing system .
The BrinBot was hardly something out of “ Star Trek . ”
It had a rudimentary , no - frills design and was a hodgepodge of loosely integrated technologies .
Yet it also smacked of a future that the Singularity University founders hold dear and often discuss with a techno - utopian bravado : the arrival of the Singularity — a time , possibly just a couple decades from now , when a superior intelligence will dominate and life will take on an altered form that we can’t predict or comprehend in our current , limited state .
At that point , the Singularity holds , human beings and machines will so effortlessly and elegantly merge that poor health , the ravages of old age and even death itself will all be things of the past .
TOKYO Ã¢â‚¬â€ 
Thousands of people rallied on a remote Japanese island Sunday , protesting against a possible government move to relocate a major US air base there .
The issue centres around a decision by Prime Minister Yukio Hatoyama to review a 2006 agreement with the United States to allow the Futenma Marine Corps Air Station to be moved from an urban area to a quieter coastal part of Okinawa .
ADVERTISEMENT
But media have since reported that the government is planning to transfer the base to Tokunoshima , a sub-tropical island in Kagoshima prefecture , 200 kilometres ( 125 miles ) north of Okinawa .
Hatoyama ’s apparent indecision on the issue has become a thorn in Japan - US relations while he battles a slide in his popularity at home .
“ Let us spread this protest movement to the end , ” Hideki Takaoka , mayor of a town on Tokunoshima , told the rally , according to television footage .
“ Down with the US base , ” the protesters chanted at the rally on Tokunoshima , which has 27,000 islanders . ”
The sugar cane industry and dairy farming are major contributors to the island ’s economy .
“ We prepared 13,000 flyers and all of them were gone , ” island official Osamu Minobe told AFP by telephone .
Organisers estimated that 15,000 people turned out but police said they did not count the numbers .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ I believe we can change the government ’s attitude by sending our message today , ” another town mayor , Akira Okubo , told Japanese media .
Premier Hatoyama has told US President Barack Obama he will find a solution by the end of May .
The Okinawa chain , strategically located close to China and the Korean peninsula , hosts more than half of 47,000 US troops based in Japan .
ADVERTISEMENT
The 1995 rape of a Okinawa school girl by three US servicemen prompted mass protests that led to the relocation plan , coupled with the transfer of 8,000 marines to the US Pacific territory of Guam .
But Hatoyama has yet to present a definite alternative plan while the Obama administration has repeatedly said the 2006 agreement is the best option .
ADVERTISEMENT
Japanese media have speculated Hatoyama might have to resign if he fails to resolve the row before this self - imposed deadline expires .
Tokunoshima hosted a former Japanese military air base during World War II and was returned to Japanese rule in 1953 after US military occupation .
( Natural News )
A new study has confirmed that atypical antipsychotic drugs can cause rapid weight gain in younger patients , as well as increasing levels of triglycerides and LDL ( " bad " ) cholesterol in their blood .
"
We are very much afraid that this will lead to diabetes and metabolic syndrome , " researcher Christoph Correll said .
Antipsychotic drugs are intended primarily for people with schizophrenia or bipolar disorder , but may also be prescribed to children with autism , aggression or tics .
The so - called " second generation " or " atypical " antipsychotics have become more popular than older drugs in part because doctors believed them safer .
Emerging research suggests this may not be the case , however , as in a 2008 study published in
In 2003 , the FDA warned that use of the drugs could lead to elevated blood sugar and diabetes .
Numerous studies have also linked the drugs to weight gain .
" We found that obesity / weight gain , Type 2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular conditions were more prevalent in the treated cohort , " said Jeanette M. Jerrell , a professor of neuropsychiatry at the University of South Carolina School of Medicine , of a study she published in 2008 .
Jerell found that the risk was even higher among children taking more than one of the drugs .
But studies linking atypical antipsychotics and weight gain have been complicated by the fact that people regularly go on and off the drugs , making it hard to pinpoint a specific drug 's contribution .
The new study , conducted by researchers from the Feinstein Institute for Medical Research in Manhasset , N.Y. and published in the , circumvented this problem by including only participants who were receiving treatment with psychotropics for the first time .
The study included 257 people between the ages of four and 19 who were being treated for severe problems with aripiprazole ( marketed as Abilify ) , olanzapine ( marketed as Zyprexa ) , quetiapine ( marketed as Seroquel ) , or risperidone ( marketed as Risperdal ) .
They were compared with 15 people in the same age group who were suffering from similar problems but had declined drug - based treatment .
Although only Abilify and Risperdal are currently approved for use in children , all four drugs are used on juveniles in practice .
An FDA panel recently recommended that Seroquel and Zyprexa also be approved for some uses in children .
The researchers found that in 11 weeks of treatment , patients taking Abilify gained an average of 9.7 pounds , patients on Risperdal gained 11.7 pounds , patients on Seroquel gained 13.4 pounds and patients on Zyprexa gained 18.7 pounds .
Depending on the drug , between 10 and 36 percent of participants became overweight or obese over the course of the study .
Much of the weight gained was in the belly , a risk factor for cardiovascular disease .
"
In these kids that we studied , there was rapid and dramatic weight gain , more than has been described before , " Correll said .
Patients taking Seroquel , Risperdal and Zyprexa all showed increases in blood triglyceride levels as well , and Zyprexa also increased LDL cholesterol levels .
These are also characteristics of metabolic syndrome , along with central obesity and elevated fasting blood sugar .
Metabolic syndrome is a serious risk factor for cardiovascular disease and diabetes .
Scientists greeted the findings by saying that more data are needed to understand why the drugs cause weight gain and for how long , and why some people lose weight after going off the drugs and others do not .
" Some of these kids are maintained on these medications for many years if not indefinitely , so it 's definitely a concern , " said Ronald T. Brown of the Temple University Health Sciences Center in Philadelphia .
" For children who really do n't absolutely need these drugs , they need to be doing more behavioral approaches in psychotherapy .
" Sources for this story include : www.usnews.com;
Exploring Google Guava
by
Dan Lewis , Senior Software Engineer
Object Computing , Inc. ( OCI )
Introduction
Google recently announced the public availability of Guava , a Java utility library previously available only internally at Google .
Guava provides building blocks that build on the existing Java libraries and result in productivity aids for Java programmers .
Guava also serves as an example of good Java coding idioms .
Guava subsumes the Google Collections library and adds additional packages covering general - purpose utilities , input / output , primitives , and concurrency .
My previous Java News Brief articles about Google Collections are listed in the references section at the end of this article .
This article will cover almost every Class and Interface added to Google Guava since the Google Collections 1.0 release in a " definition list " format , grouped by package .
Selected classes are utilized in demonstration examples .
Because Google Guava , as of this writing , is distributed via Subversion repository access only , instructions are included at the end of the article for obtaining and building your own copy .
The Guava Packages
There are six Java packages in the Guava library :
com.google.common.annotations annotations used by the other packages com.google.common.base common code used by the other packages , including all of the former Google Collections Library and some additional classes com.google.common.collect extensions of the Java collections framework , including all of the former Google Collections library and some additional classes com.google.common.io utility classes used for easing input / output com.google.common.primitives utility classes used when working with Java primitive types com.google.common.util.concurrent utility classes used when doing concurrent programming
com.google.common.base
This package was included with Google Collections 1.0 .
Since that release , the following classes , interfaces , and enums are new :
CaseFormat
This enum defines and converts between some naming conventions commonly used in Java and C++ source code : LOWER_HYPHEN , LOWER_UNDERSCORE , LOWER_CAMEL , UPPER_CAMEL , and UPPER_UNDERSCFORE
CharMatcher Matches primitive char s and CharSequence objects .
This is used heavily in the Splitter class described later .
Charsets Provides constant definitions for the standard Charset objects , so you do n't need to use String constants in your code to obtain them anymore .
Defaults Contains default values for built - in Java types .
Service
This interface generalizes the concept of a service that can be started and stopped via asynchronous method calls and whose state can be inspected in a thread - safe way .
Splitter
This class is a utility class for splitting String s based on various conditions , the natural complement to Joiner from Google Collections and the spiritual successor to strtok ( ) and StringTokenizer .
In the example below , observe that I start with the static method on ( ) and then call " builder " methods to get the Splitter we want before finally calling split ( ) .
I use the trimResults ( ) and omitEmptyStrings ( ) builder options to obtain the desired results .
package com.ociweb.jnb.apr2010 ; import com.google.common.base .Splitter ; public class ExerciseSplitter { public static void main ( String [ ] args ) { final String input =
" Alpha , Bravo , , Charlie , Delta , Echo " ; printWords ( Splitter.on ( ' , ') .split( input ) ) ; System.out.println ( ) ; printWords ( Splitter.on ( ' , ') .trimResults().split( input ) ) ; System.out.println ( ) ; printWords ( Splitter.on ( ' , ') .trimResults().omitEmptyStrings ().split( input ) ) ; } private static void printWords ( Iterable < String > words ) { for ( String word : words ) { System.out.printf ( " [ %s ]
" , word ) ; } } }
And the output is :
[ Alpha ] [ Bravo ] [ ]
[ Charlie ] [ Delta ] [ Echo ] [ Alpha ] [ Bravo ] [ ] [ Charlie ] [ Delta ] [ Echo ] [ Alpha ] [ Bravo ] [ Charlie ] [ Delta ] [ Echo ]
Throwables
This is a utility class that contains static methods for dealing with Exceptions ( Throwables ) .
The propagate ( ) method ( demonstrated below ) will throw the argument Throwable unchanged if it is unchecked ( i.e. RuntimeException or Error ) or wrap it in a RuntimeException and throw it .
This is useful if you are doing several operations that might throw exceptions but do not want to force callers to deal with checked exceptions .
package com.ociweb.jnb.apr2010 ; import com.google.common.base .
Throwables ; import java.io.
InputStream ; import java.net .
URL ; public class ExerciseThrowables { public static void main ( String [ ] args ) { try { URL url = new URL ( " http://ociweb.com " ) ; final InputStream in = url.openStream ( ) ; in.close ( ) ; } catch ( Throwable t ) { throw Throwables.propagate(t ) ; } } }
com.google.common.collect
This package was included with Google Collections 1.0 .
Since that release , the following classes and interfaces are new :
ComparisonChain
This is a utility class that is helpful for implementing the Comparable interface , e.g. the compareTo ( ) method .
Recall that compareTo ( ) contractually returns - 1 , 0 , +1 as the argument is " less " , " equal " , or " greater " than " this " .
package com.ociweb.jnb.apr2010 ; import com.google.common.collect.ComparisonChain ; import com.google.common.collect .Sets ; import java.util .
Set ; public class ExerciseComparisonChain { static class Person implements Comparable { private int birthMonth ; private int birthDayOfWeek ; private int birthYear ; private String firstName ; Person ( String firstName , int birthMonth , int birthDayOfWeek , int birthYear ) { this .
birthMonth = birthMonth ; this .birthDayOfWeek = birthDayOfWeek ; this .
birthYear = birthYear ; this .
firstName = firstName ; } public int compareTo( Object o) { Person other = ( Person ) o ; return ComparisonChain.start ( ) . compare ( birthYear , other.birthYear ) .
compare ( birthMonth , other.birthMonth ) . compare ( birthDayOfWeek , other.birthDayOfWeek ) . compare ( firstName , other.firstName ) . result ( ) ; } } public static void main ( String [ ] args ) { Set < Person > people = Sets.newTreeSet ( ) ; people .add ( new Person ( " Abigail " , 4 , 1 , 1980 ) ) ; people .add ( new Person ( " Courtney " , 5 , 2 , 1981 ) ) ; people .
add ( new Person ( " Chastity " , 5 , 2 , 1981 ) ) ; for ( Person person : people ) { System.out.println(person.firstName ) ; } } }
And the output is :
Abigail Chastity Courtney
Immutable AsList
This class is used internally by ImmutableCollection.asList ( ) ImmutableSortedAsList
This class is used internally by ImmutableSortedSet.asList ( ) LexicographicalOrdering
This class is created by calling Ordering.lexicographical ( ) .
According to the Javadocs , it returns the " dictionary " ordering .
Note that to use it , you need two lists , not one list of Strings .
package com.ociweb.jnb.apr2010 ; import com.google.common.base.Joiner ; import com.google.common.collect.Lists ; import com.google.common.collect .
Ordering ; import java.util .
Collections ; import java.util .
List ; public class ExerciseLexicographicalOrdering { public static void main ( String [ ] args ) { List < String > names1 = Lists.newArrayList ( " whiskey " , " tango " , " golf " ) ; List < String > names2 = Lists.newArrayList ( " whiskey " , " tango " , " foxtrot " ) ; List < Iterable < String >> namesListList = Lists.newArrayList ( ) ; namesListList.add(names1 ) ; namesListList.add(names2 ) ; final Ordering < Iterable < String >> lexOrd = Ordering .< String>natural().lexicographical ( ) ; Collections.sort(namesListList , lexOrd ) ; System.out.println(Joiner.on ( ' , ').join(namesListList ) ) ; } }
And the output is :
[ whiskey , tango , foxtrot ] , [ whiskey , tango , golf ]
com.google.common.io
This package was n't part of Google Collections 1.0 so is new to Guava .
It contains the following classes and interfaces :
AppendableWriter
This Writer wraps an Appendable .
This is more flexible than StringWriter included with the JDK .
ByteArrayDataInput
This interface extends the java.io.
DataInput interface , but the methods do n't throw IOException .
See static method ByteStreams.newDataInput ( ) .
ByteArrayDataOutput
This interface extends the java.io.
DataOutput interface , but the methods do n't throw IOException .
See static method ByteStreams.newDataOutput( ) .
ByteProcessor
This interface is a callback expected by Files.readBytes ( ) .
Implement processBytes ( ) to process bytes as they are received .
Return true to continue processing or false otherwise .
The Files class is described later .
ByteStreams Utility methods for reading , writing , copying , joining , and hashing InputStreams and OutputStreams ( binary data ) .
CharStreams Utility methods for reading , writing , copying , joining , and hashing Readers and Writers ( character data ) .
Closeables Utility methods for closing Closeables ( e.g. Streams , Files , etc ) .
In the example below , closeQuietly ( ) is used to close the OutputStream and log any exceptions encountered to a java.util.logging .
Logger .
package com.ociweb.jnb.apr2010 ; import com.google.common.base .
Throwables ; import com.google.common.io.
Closeables ; import java.io .
File ; import java.io.FileOutputStream ; import java.io.
IOException ; import java.io.
OutputStream ; public class ExerciseCloseables { public static void main ( String [ ] args ) { final OutputStream outputStream = newTempFileOutputStream ( ) ; Closeables.closeQuietly(outputStream ) ; } private static OutputStream newTempFileOutputStream ( ) { try { final File tmpFile = File.createTempFile( ExerciseCloseables.class.getName ( ) , " tmp " ) ; return new FileOutputStream ( tmpFile ) ; } catch ( IOException e ) { throw Throwables.propagate(e ) ; } } }
CountingInputStream InputStream that provides a getCount ( ) method that returns number of bytes read as a long .
CountingOutputStream OutputStream that provides a getCount ( ) method that returns number of bytes read as a long .
FileBackedOutputStream From the Javadocs : " An OutputStream that starts buffering to a byte array , but switches to file buffering once the data reaches a configurable size . "
Files Utility methods for reading from , writing to , and manipulating files and directories .
Flushables Utility method for flushing Flushables ( e.g. Streams , Files , etc ) .
InputSupplier
This parameterized interface is returned by several static utility methods in Files , ByteStreams , CharStreams , and Resources .
Parameter T is usually an InputStream or Reader ( or subclass ) .
LimitInputStream
This InputStream descendant is constructed with an integer that limits the maximum number of bytes that can be read .
Attempting to read beyond returns - 1 , which typically means end of stream .
LineBuffer
This class is an implementation detail of LineReader .
LineProcessor
This interface is a callback passed as argument to CharStreams.readlines ( ) , Files.readLines ( ) , and Resources.readLines ( ) .
The processLine ( ) method is called back for each line , and you should return false to stop processing .
Finally , getResult ( ) may be called to return the result of processing all the lines .
The type of the return is type parameter T .
LineReader
This is a more flexible version of BufferedReader that works for all implementers of Readable , not just Reader .
For example , java.io.
CharBuffer subclasses are supported .
MultiInputStream
This class is used internally by ByteStreams.join ( ) which allows multiple InputStreams to be " concatenated " or read serially , one after the other , as if they were one stream .
MultiReader
This class is used internally by CharStreams.join ( ) which allows multiple Readers to be " concatenated " or read serially , one after the other , as if they were one reader .
NullOutputStream
This OutputStream subclass ignores all bytes .
i.e. the " bit bucket " .
OutputSupplier
This parameterized interface is returned by several static utility methods in Files , ByteStreams , CharStreams , and Resources .
Parameter T is usually an OutputStream or Writer ( or subclass ) .
PatternFilenameFilter
This implementation of java.io .
FilenameFilter uses a regular expression ( passed to constructor ) to filter files .
Resources
The static utility methods in this class are useful for reading " Resources " , or various non-code files that may be bundled with an application , e.g. data files , images , etc .
com.google.common.primitives
This package was n't part of Google Collections 1.0 so is new to Guava .
It contains the following classes and interfaces :
Booleans , Bytes , Chars , Doubles , Floats , Ints , Longs , Shorts , SignedBytes , UnsignedBytes
These classes provides static utility methods for manipulating individual primitives as well as primitives arrays , including searching , concatenating , wrapping and unwrapping .
For the integral types ( int , short , char byte ) there are checkedCast and saturatedCast methods in the integral types that will convert a long to the given type .
checkedCast will throw an exception if the long is too large or too small , but saturatedCast will return the closest value .
Primitives
This class converts between primitive and wrapper meta-classes .
package com.ociweb.jnb.apr2010 ; import com.google.common.primitives .Primitives ; public class ExercisePrimitives { public static void main ( String [ ] args ) { System.out.println( Primitives.isWrapperType(Integer.class ) ) ; System.out.println( Primitives.isWrapperType(int.class ) ) ; final Class < Integer > clazz = Integer.class ; System.out.println( clazz ) ; final Class < Integer > unwrapped = Primitives.unwrap(clazz ) ; System.out.println(unwrapped ) ; final Class < Integer > unwrappedTwice = Primitives.unwrap(unwrapped ) ; System.out.println(unwrappedTwice ) ; final Class < Integer > rewrapped = Primitives.wrap(unwrappedTwice ) ; System.out.println( rewrapped ) ; } }
And the output is :
true false class java.lang .
Integer int int class java.lang .
Integer
com.google.common.util.concurrent
This package was n't part of Google Collections 1.0 so is new to Guava .
It contains the following classes and interfaces :
AbstractCheckedFuture
This class wraps a Future , provided in the constructor , with the checked Get methods specified in CheckedFuture .
To extend this class you need to implement the mapException method that translates each of the three exceptions : InterruptedException , CancellationException , and ExecutionException .
Consider the following example that always maps all exceptions to CustomException :
package com.ociweb.jnb.apr2010 ; import com.google.common.util.concurrent.AbstractCheckedFuture ; import com.google.common.util.concurrent .
Futures ; import com.google.common.util.concurrent.ListenableFuture ; import java.util.concurrent .* ; public class ExerciseAbstractCheckedFuture<V > extends AbstractCheckedFuture<V , ExerciseAbstractCheckedFuture.CustomException > { public ExerciseAbstractCheckedFuture( ListenableFuture<V> delegate ) { super ( delegate ) ; } @ Override protected CustomException mapException ( Exception e ) { return new CustomException(e ) ; } public static class CustomException extends Exception { public CustomException ( Throwable cause ) { super ( cause ) ; } } public static void main ( String [ ] args ) { final Callable < Long > callable = new Callable < Long >( ) { public Long call ( ) throws Exception { if ( System.currentTimeMillis( ) % 2 == 0 ) { throw new RuntimeException ( ) ; } return 100L ; } } ; final ExecutorService executorService = Executors.newSingleThreadExecutor ( ) ; final Future < Long > future = executorService.submit( callable ) ; final ExerciseAbstractCheckedFuture < Long > checked Future = new ExerciseAbstractCheckedFuture < Long >( Futures .
makeListenable ( future ) ) ; try { final long value = checked Future.checkedGet ( ) ; System.out.println ( " value= " + value ) ; } catch ( CustomException e ) { e.printStackTrace ( ) ; } executorService.shutdown ( ) ; } }
And the output is sometimes :
value=100
But other times it 's a nasty stack trace starting with our CustomException .
AbstractExecutionThreadService
This abstract class would be a good starting point for building a custom threaded service .
At a minimum , override the run method .
AbstractFuture
This abstract class provides a starting point to implement a Future that is not based on Runnables .
You simply override get ( ) and you are on your way , with thread safety built - in .
AbstractIdleService
This abstract class can be used to implement services that do something on startup and shutdown , but otherwise do n't do anything .
AbstractListenableFuture
This is a base class that can be used to create a Future that also implements the ListenableFuture interface .
See the Futures.makeListenable ( ) utility method .
AbstractService
This is a base class that can be used to create a Service by implementing doStart ( ) and doStop ( ) .
Callables
This class contains static utility methods for working with Callables .
So far , the only method available is returning ( ) , which always returns the same value immediately .
CheckedFuture
This sub-interface of ListenableFuture adds two getChecked ( ) methods that return an Exception subclass of the parameterized type E .
It also , through ListenableFuture supports notification when the value is available .
DaemonThreadFactory
This implementation of ThreadFactory wraps a given ThreadFactory , then uses it to create threads , but before returning those threads calls setDaemon ( true ) on them .
ExecutionList
This class pairs Runnable s with Executor s for later execution .
This class is used by the implementations of ListenableFuture interface in Guava but is public for broader use .
Executors
This class contains static utility methods mostly pertaining to ThreadPoolExecutors and their behavior during JVM shutdown .
sameThreadExecutor ( ) creates an ExecutorService that runs all tasks in the same thread as execute and submit ( ) .
daemonThreadFactory ( ) and variant can be used to create daemon threads .
FakeTimeLimiter
This is an implementation of TimeLimiter interface used for unit testing .
Forwarding Future
This interface is implemented within Futures.makeListenable ( ) to convert any Future into a ListenableFuture .
ForwardingService
This Service delegates to another service .
Was apparently used in an earlier iteration of Guava but not used as of this writing .
Futures Futures provides some utility methods for chaining and composing Future s with Functions .
Also provided are the makeChecked ( ) , makeListenable ( ) , makeUninterruptable ( ) which can take a Future and make it checked , listenable , or uninterruptable , respectively .
Could a FutureBuilder be in Guava 's future ?
ListenableFuture
This interface extends Future with an addListener ( ) method that accepts both a Runnable listener and an Executor on which to execute the listener .
ListenableFutureTask
This class extends FutureTask and adds the ability to register listeners .
NamingThreadFactory
This is a ThreadFactory that can name threads by injecting the thread number into a given String pattern .
This can reduce some boilerplate code SimpleTimeLimiter
This is the implementation of TimeLimiter provided with Guava .
Execution of proxy target methods happen in an ExecutorService that is provided during construction .
If none is provided by caller , a Executors.newCachedThreadPool( ) is used .
TimeLimiter
This creates a proxy class that limits duration of all method calls on the target object .
UncheckedTimeoutException
This is an unchecked exception ( extending RuntimeException makes it unchecked ) that is thrown by SimpleTimeLimiter when a timeout occured .
UninterruptibleFuture An instance of this interface is returned by Futures.makeUninterruptable ( ) .
As expected , this Future continues to execute even if interrupted .
If interrupted during execution , it will set the interrupted flag on the current Thread after it has completed executing .
ValueFuture
This implementation of ListenableFuture can be used when result is already known , but something of type ListenableFuture is needed .
This is public but used internally in the Futures class .
Licensing
Guava is provided under the Apache open source license .
This is considered a non-viral open - source license meaning that you are not required to release your source code even if it consumes Google Guava .
Note that open source does n't mean open commits .
The Google project leadership provides strict editorial control over what changes may be made to the library .
Guava runs on Java 5 virtual machines and newer .
Obtain Guava
As of this writing , there is no pre-built jar file of Google Guava provided .
The best way to get started with Guava is to check it out of the Google Code repository .
You will need a Subversion ( svn ) client for your platform .
The following command will check out the latest version :
svn checkout http://guava-libraries.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/
guava
This will check out Google Guava library into the guava subdirectory .
You can replace this part of the command with any directory you want .
What 's in the box ?
When you check out Guava , you 'll see a root and three top level directories : javadoc , lib , and src .
root directory
Ant build.xml file , Apache 2.0 license , and IntelliJ IDEA project metadata javadoc the API documentation for Guava lib any 3rd - party libraries used by Guava , currently only jsr305 .
jar , the annotations for software defect detection src the source code for Guava
The Ant build file .
To build Guava , set the JAVA5 _HOME environment variable .
Run something like the following command , substituting the location of your Java installation :
set JAVA5 _HOME=C : \Program Files\Java\jdk1.6.0_18
Support for at least Java 5 is enforced in the build script .
I used Sun 's Java 6 update 18 JDK to compile with impunity .
There are only three targets : compile ( default ) , javadoc , and clean .
The compile target will dump everything into build / classes .
The javadoc target will output to build / javadoc .
You can override the Java property " version " ( default value " snapshot " ) to affect the window titles in the javadocs .
Apparently Google internally uses its own JDK , as evidenced by the metadata present in the javadocs .
Inside the original allclasses - frame .
html you can see :
<!--
Generated by javadoc ( build 1.6.0 - google - internal ) on Mon Jan 04 20:48:01 PST 2010 -->
but in my generated version you can see :
<!--
Generated by javadoc ( build 1.6.0_18 ) on Sat Jan 16 11:11:38 CST 2010 -->
Conclusion
Guava can improve the productivity of any Java programmer who takes the time to learn the library .
It does so in three ways .
First , it provides useful utilities to reduce the usage of error - prone code .
For example , Charsets provides constants required to be part of every JDK .
Otherwise , one would be forced to use String literals .
Second , it builds on existing JDK libraries to give added flexibility and power .
For example PatternFilenameFilter , which brings together Regular expressions with java.io .
FilenameFilter .
Further examples are Splitter and Joiner .
Splitter corrects many of the deficiencies found in the String.split ( ) family of methods and takes advantage of the Builder pattern .
Joiner , Splitter 's complement , eases the task of creating delimited Strings from String Arrays and Collections .
Finally , Guava is written by some very talented , yet pragmatic programmers and expresses the state - of - the - art of Java programming best practices and idioms .
For example , the builder pattern is used in the Splitter class .
This has a practical effect of making a very common task , tokenizing Strings , easier , yet more flexible than ever before .
Another example is Throwables .
Many times a developer simply does n't know what to do with a checked exception and prints it to stdout , and happily moves on .
Logged statements are easily missed or eaten by application frameworks .
Throwables force the issue by at once making the code cleaner and easier to follow , and simultaneously throwing an unchecked exception to a higher level which will usually cause an application to " fail fast " .
The net result is an application developer that observes an application error dialog immediately upon encountering a defect , rather than strange behavior at a point later in the program .
For these reasons , Google Guava will reward the developer that learns it , even if she is unable to utilize it in production code at this time .
Because Guava is in a very early stage , the API 's may change .
So , if you choose to incorporate Guava into your application now , please recognize that you will likely need to modify code to support later snapshots and releases of Guava .
References
A hi-res mobile phone image of a man handling stolen watches gave forensic coppers the evidence needed to get the villain sent down yesterday .
The quality of the image on Stephen Taylor 's Sony Ericsson W995 was sufficient for a forensic image specialist to get an enhanced picture of Taylor 's palm print .
The match was enough to lead Taylor to plead guilty to handling stolen goods .
He was sentenced to 10 months in prison at Manchester Minshull Street Court Crown .
The incriminating snap
The rare watches had been stolen at 2 am on 12 April 2010 when robbers broke into a house on Mottram Old Road , Stalybridge .
A 17 - year - old girl was assaulted during the incident .
Taylor , 29 , of Stalybridge , Manchester , was arrested as part of the subsequent investigation .
Taylor 's Sony Ericsson W995 was seized and examined .
Pictures of the watches stolen in the raid were found on his phone , which has a high quality camera .
The image was downloaded and taken to Greater Manchester Police 's Forensic Services Branch , where an expert flipped and enhanced the picture .
This was given to a Fingerprint Officer , who was able to zoom in on the ridge details of the hand holding the watches .
It was found to match Taylor 's palm print .
This is the first time Greater Manchester Police have been able to match fingerprint detail of a suspect to an image taken on a mobile phone in such a way .
It took less than an hour to match the photo to Taylor from when work began to enhance and flip it .
Police photo of Stephen Taylor
Detective Constable Pete Slater , of Ashton CID , said : " While there is absolutely no evidence to suggest Taylor was involved in the robbery , clearly he has at some point been in possession of the stolen items , which in itself is still a serious offence .
" A young girl was attacked and left very upset as a result of this experience which aggravates the seriousness of the offence , which Taylor clearly sought to profit from .
This sentence proves we will do all we can to secure convictions against anyone involved in criminality and unfortunately for Taylor he has played a very important role in his own downfall . "
Kevin Kershaw , Head of Forensic Identification Services , said : " This was a unique case for GMP and called upon the skills of both Forensic Imaging Specialists and Fingerprint Experts working closely together to provide vital evidence for the investigating detective during the investigation .
" This is an excellent example of how investigators and operational support specialists can find innovative solutions to combating crime in Greater Manchester . "
A 24 - year - old man has been arrested on suspicion of robbery and bailed until 5 July 2010 pending further inquiries . ®
Activist Loses Eye
An American activist lost an eye and sustained head injuries after being shot in the face with a tear gas canister while demonstrating in the West Bank against Israel 's attack on the Gaza aid flotilla .
Israeli troops fired the canister at close range at Emily Henochowicz , a New York art student .
" They clearly saw us , " said Sören Johanssen of the International Solidarity Movement .
Read more
Court on Miranda : Who 's On First ?
In a decision worthy of these guys , the Supreme Court has trimmed the key Miranda protections , ruling 5 - 4 that suspects must tell police they want to remain silent , instead of just being silent .
To the White House : Surely it 's past time to shift the balance of the Court .
" Criminal suspects must now unambiguously invoke their right to remain silent - which counterintuitively , requires them to speak .
At the same time , suspects will be legally presumed to have waived their rights even if they have given no clear expression of their intent to do so . "
- Justice Sonia Sotomayor , who voted against the ruling .
Read more
Last month Intridea released Oil Reporter , a mobile application for iPhone and Android devices .
Oil Reporter is currently being used by NGO ’s and citizens on the ground to report affected areas of the spill , including the impact to wildlife , the presence of wetlands , and the amount of oil that is present .
All of the data collected by Oil Reporter users is publicly available on our website at OilReporter.org .
Now we ’ve gone one step further and created a new Oil Reporter application specifically for the iPad.
Oil Reporter for iPad enables you to see the latest reports as soon as they come in .
You can view a detailed mapping of all of the submitted reports along with an easy - to - read list .
You can even drill down and view detailed information about each individual report .
The code has also been open sourced on GitHub , so feel free to help us add some great new features to this application that we can push out in later updates .
Oil Reporter for iPad is available right now and is completely free .
The crowdsourced data gets analyzed by groups that can point relief efforts at the distressed areas according to the urgent reports that are filed with Oil Reporter .
Start using it today !
Activision has announced that the second batch of multiplayer maps for Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 2 , will be releasing on Xbox Live June 3 , 2010 .
The Resurgence map pack will feature five new multiplayer levels and will be released first on the Xbox 360 and later on the PS3 and PC .
Pricing details are yet to be revealed .
To celebrate the announcement , Infinity Ward will also be hosting a Double XP weekends beginning Friday , May 28 , and on Friday , June 4 .
I think of Norman Lewis as the best travel writer of our times , and in 1995 , when a travel magazine asked me to go to England to interview him , I did n’t lose any time getting on the plane .
Lewis was then 87 and had just come home from a journey through three of the most hostile regions of Indonesia that concluded with a stay in a Stone Age village in the mountains of New Guinea .
I wanted to catch him before he took off again .
I was introduced to Lewis ’s first two books –A Dragon Apparent , about Indo - China , and Golden Earth , about Burma–in the early 1950s , steered to them by his fierce admirer S. J. Perelman , another writer besotted with Southeast Asia .
Trailing Lewis to remote jungle settlements where most travel writers would dearly love not to go , I found myself in the company of a man with all - seeing eyes and no regard for his own comfort or safety .
He had a deep interest in indigenous peoples and their threatened way of life ; a sense of imminent loss hovers over his work .
He moved among those ethnic tribes with intuitive ease , often in moments of considerable danger .
What kept him alive , I think , was a gift for finding amusement in the routine outlandishness of life , which drained the worst situations of their terror .
That dry humor also runs through his writing style .
Now I was in the picture - postcard town of Finchingfield , an hour north of London , where Lewis had long lived –between trips –with his wife , Lesley .
It was perfect English weather–rainy and cold–and their house was perfectly English in its lack of central heating .
Lewis led me to the one room that he claimed had some heat , and we settled down to talk .
After a few minutes he stood up .
“ I ’m going to take my jacket off , ” he said .
“ It ’s frightfully hot in here .
Do you feel too warm ? ” I assured him that I had never felt too warm in England .
Talking with this civilized man in the prim English countryside , I thought of the vast distance separating him from the aboriginal people he had befriended in the jungles of Asia and Latin America , and I wondered what qualities of mind had gone into closing that gap .
“ I ’ve found that in the whole gamut of society , ” Lewis said , “ people have many similarities .
Recently , when I was in a Stone Age village in Irian Jaya , I met a man who had learned a little English from the missionaries .
I ’ve noticed that when native people have close connections with white people , their faces start to change .
As I looked at this man I could see the sharp - faced boy who lives in the East End of London , and I said , ‘ If I had come here 10 years ago , what would have happened to me ? ’
He said , ‘ We would have eaten you . ’
But he knew it was funny , and we both laughed at that .
That man is living more than 20,000 years back from you and me–back in the mists of the origin of mankind–and yet he had a recognizable sense of humor .
And I knew he would .
If you ’re in this profession a staggering number of years you gradually develop a set of muscles for these things .
You have to , in order to survive .
I practically know what people are thinking if I try very hard . ”
[ See “ A Gene for Adventure , ” by William Zinsser , Travel Holiday magazine , March 1996 . ]
I vote you knock it off with this console fort shit and show off that vintage AV equipment instead .
ALBANY — A suspected prostitute and a 15 - year - old girl were guests of honor at a sex party for gang bangers , a pair of convicted killers and other inmates serving time at an upstate prison for teens , The Post has learned .
The “ social ” at the Goshen Secure Center in Orange County on Dec. 12 , 2009 — caught by security cameras — included a “ lap dance , ” suspected oral sex and other possible sexual acts , sources said .
Three agencies are probing the shocking orgy .
“ There was a girl getting her pants pulled down and getting ready to be penetrated from the rear , ” said Antonio Collado Jr. , 58 , a security officer at the facility for offenders under 19 .
“ I saw her red g- string panties almost being pulled off .
“ The person in the control room who was controlling the security camera said this had occurred after the resident had already received oral sex .
And this girl was a minor . ”
He said the dance was abruptly cancelled once the officer monitoring the cameras raised the alarm .
Collado was among the guards called to the scene .
A source said the tape shows “ a lap dance going on , and the question is whether it shows one or more sex acts . ”
Collado has been granted legal “ whistleblower ” status by investigators .
“ I ’ve seen socials before but have never seen anything like this , ” said Collado , who has worked for the state Office of Children and Family Services and its predecessor , the Division for Youth , for 38 years .
Collado , whose agency houses convicted criminals considered too young to be immediately placed in state prisons , said he was ordered to transport two of the women invited to the dance in a state car from “ a street corner ” in Albany to Goshen and then back again — a nearly four - hour round trip .
Both he and an investigative source said only superficial background checks were conducted on the two females before they were taken to the prison .
They said one was just 15 and the other “ a suspected prostitute ” who had received at least $ 100 in the mail from one of the prisoners .
The prisoners were allowed to select “ the girls they wanted to have attend , ” said Collado .
Collado said one inmate later told him he ’d never met the woman he invited to the dance but had gotten her name from a fellow prisoner .
“ An investigation is being conducted concerning a social held at Goshen because it clearly appears that inappropriate conduct , including a lap dance and something else , took place , ” State Inspector General Joseph Fisch told The Post .
OCFS and the Department of Correctional Services are also conducting investigations , it was learned .
OCFS spokeswoman Susan Steele refused to discuss details of the Goshen incident , saying only : “ An investigation is going on now . ”
She said OCFS Commissioner Gladys Carrion supported social dances for hard - core convicted youth “ as part of our way of incentivizing good behavior . ”
Fisch ’s probe was sparked by a tip from state Sen. Catharine Young ( R - Olean ) , who is investigating increasing levels of violence against prisoners and staff in OCFS - operated facilities .
Young paid an unannounced visit to a “ social ” at the Brookwood Secure Center for youths in Columbia County last summer .
She was “ shocked ” by what she saw , including several youths convicted of serious violent crimes being allowed to bring young women into the facility , she said .
“ What if one of the residents get into a fight over one of the women ? ” Young said .
fredric.dicker@nypost.com
On the other side are those , especially 23andMe executives , who argue that the services merely provide information , not medical diagnosis , and that consumers have a right to the information contained in their genes .
At a time when consumers are taking more control of their health care , denying them such information would be , as one director of 23andMe recently put it , “ appallingly paternalistic . ”
The companies have also said that their tests do not require F.D.A. approval because they have been developed and are offered by a single laboratory .
The F.D.A. has typically refrained from regulating such tests , as opposed to test kits that are widely sold to laboratories , hospitals and doctor ’s offices .
The F.D.A. is now clearly deciding in favor of regulation , saying the tests of disease risk can have medical consequences .
“ It is not unknown for women to take out their ovaries if they are at high risk of ovarian cancer , ” Dr. Gutierrez said .
Some of the services are also offering consumers information that could be used to determine the doses they should get of particular drugs , like the blood thinners , warfarin and Plavix .
But Dr. Gutierrez denied that the agency was being paternalistic .
“ We really do n’t have any issues with denying people information , ” he said .
“ We just want to make sure the information they are given is correct . ”
In a statement Friday , 23andMe said it disagreed with the F.D.A. ’s conclusion but was open to discussion on ways to regulate the personal genetics industry .
“ We are sensitive to the F.D.A. ’s concerns , but we believe that people have the right to know as much about their genes and their bodies as they choose . ”
By contrast , Kari Stefansson , head of research at DeCode , said the interest by the F.D.A. was “ timely , appropriate and welcome ” because the company wanted its test to become part of standard medical care .
A spokesman for Knome said the company would cooperate with the F.D.A .
The Landless People 's Movement in Johannesburg continues to face repression .
A number of its leaders are now in hiding .
Police attack in eTwatwa , Ekurhuleni ; one person is dead and another seriously injured .
Saturday , 29 May 2010
Landless People ’s Movement Press Statement
On Sunday 23 May residents of the bond houses in Protea South , Soweto , attacked the Landless People ’s Movement ( LPM ) in the shacks in Protea South .
They went around disconnecting us from electricity and beating those who had been connected to electricity .
They tried to burn down Maureen Mnisi ’s shack and two people were shot .
One died on the scene .
Today the police attacked the LPM in eTwatwa , Ekurhuleni .
At least three people were shot with live ammunition .
One person has died and another is currently being operated on in hospital .
The background to the police attack on the LPM in eTwatwa is that on Tuesday 24 May we organised a march on the Councillor for Ward 65 , Cllr Baleka .
The different extensions each had their own demands but at the last point of the memorandum we all united on one demand which is that the Councillor must immediately step down .
We indicated that we expected a response to our demands within seven days .
On Thursday 26 May the Provincial Government sent us a fax saying that they would meet us next Wednesday .
The situation in Extension 18 of eTwetwa is very bad .
There is no electricity , no sewerage , no roads , not even water – there is nothing .
The Councillor did start a project to build toilets but she said that only 717 of the 1 149 people would benefit as the rest of the people would be evicted to make way for a new road to be built by the provincial government .
They want to move these people to transit areas .
Obviously we cannot accept this .
We have stayed in Extension 18 for many years .
We were expecting to attend the meeting with the Provincial Government on Wednesday next week .
But yesterday , on Friday , Cllr Buleka , using the car of the Erkuleni Municipality drove around calling us to a meeting to be held today .
But we had already suspended her .
We no longer recognise her .
So today a meeting was held in the community and it was decided to go the councillor ’s office .
The councillor ’s supporters provoked the protestors and in the end stones were thrown at her office .
At 10:00 a.m. the police came and they used their guns .
They used live ammunition .
We have one of their bullets .
They shot one woman dead .
Another woman is in hospital right now having an operation .
After the shooting the people became even more angry .
Some community members burnt a shack of one of the councillor ’s supporters in retaliation to the murder of their comrade .
The police attacked the people again and used teargas .
Even more community members arrived and between ten and fifteen people were arrested by the police .
The police are noe hunting all the LPM leaders from extension 18 and extension 10 in eTwatwa .
We have all gone into hiding .
The ward councillor must step down .
There are no services in eTwatwa and the councillor is oppressing the people , trying to stop us from organising and even supporting the plans to have us evicted to a transit area .
We are calling for Msholozi to come down .
He must come down to the people , hear our anger and then act against the councillor and the police .
If he refuses to do this then he is clearly the President of the politicians and not the president of the people .
The situation in Protea South is still tense .
The police are around .
On Thursday we had a meeting with Eskom .
Eskom said that they ca n’t install electricity to the shacks as we are not proclaimed .
It is true that the government has never proclaimed the area in which we have built our shacks .
But the people have proclaimed it .
Anyway , the RDP houses , the Masakhane houses and the bond houses are all on land that has been proclaimed .
It is just the shack dwellers that are denied the right to stay in Protea South and denied the right to services .
Eskom did say that they will launch a pilot project with one electricity pole for every 82 families .
But the total number of shacks is around 6 400 .
One electricity pole for every 82 families is not a good enough response to our demand for electricity .
If the government continues to deny us legal access to electricity we will continue to appropriate electricity for ourselves .
Protea South remains in darkness after the shack dwellers burned the transformer in response to the attempt by the residents of the bond houses , who are calling themselves the Homeowners Association , to violently disconnect us from electricity .
Everyone has now been disconnected .
If the poor are not allowed to have electricity why should we allow the owners of private houses to enjoy it ?
The Homeowners Association continue to say that they do n’t want shack dwellers here and that they want us to be removed .
Every time the government says that Operation Khanyisa - community organised electricity connections - are ‘ criminal ’ they turn poverty into a crime .
It is the government ’s criminalisation of poverty that has incited the homeowners to attack us .
Bheki
Cele is the one that has called on the police to shoot to kill .
When as the poor we are turned into criminals we are placed in the line of fire .
When we organise to fight against oppressive councillors and for access to services the police are shooting us .
But when the poor go to vote then the police are there making sure that we are safe .
When we are killed by the police we hold Cele responsible .
Organised shack dwellers have to defend ourselves when we are attacked by the police , the rich or , as it happened in Kennedy Road in Durban , the ANC .
Self defence is no offence .
We are very worried about the World Cup .
Billions are wasted on the World Cup , billions that should have gone to meet the most urgent need of the poor .
The government tells us that we must ‘ feel it ’ but in Protea South we do n’t even have electricity .
Some of us are in hiding from the police .
People have been shot and two people have died in recent days .
The government expects us to be silent to everything that has been done to us .
We will not be silent .
For more information and comment please contact :
Ben Mofokeng ( eTwatwa ) 078 679 9435
Edward Leople ( eTwatwa ) 083 885 5009
Maureen Mnisi ( Protea South ) 082 337 4514
Homeland Security officials counter that modernizing border facilities should be a national priority .
US Customs and Border Protection received $ 420 million in federal stimulus funds to renovate ports of entry along the Canadian and Mexican borders .
“ The whole thing is a perfect example of waste , ’’ said Glen Gurwit of Swanton , a customs inspector for 31 years who frequently worked at Morses Line before retiring in 2004 .
He said the port is used mostly by locals crossing to visit relatives , play hockey , or shop , and is notable for its “ peace , quiet , and isolation . ’’
The family ’s many supporters in the area do not dispute that the Morses Line facility , some 50 miles southeast of Montreal , is outdated .
But they do not understand why the government needs to spend millions on it .
“ It ’s like taking a leg off a stool .
If you reduce the hay , you reduce the herd ; if you reduce the herd , you immediately affect the viability of the farm , ’’ Brian Rainville said .
“ Last year , the farm lost money .
Right now , we are hanging on by our fingernails . ’’
The Rainvilles say the land , where they grow a portion of the feed for 150 head of cattle , is worth far more than the offer , and is critical at a time when the low price of milk has dairy farmers struggling to cover the cost of production .
“ They are trying to steamroll us , ’’ said Brian Rainville , 36 , a high school government and civics teacher whose grandfather bought the farm in 1946 and whose parents and two brothers run it now .
“ We have a buyer holding a gun to our head saying you have to sell or else . ’’
It intends to acquire 4.9 acres of border land on a dairy farm owned for three generations by the Rainville family .
Last month , the Rainvilles learned that if they refuse to sell the land for $ 39,500 , the government intends to seize it by eminent domain .
The Department of Homeland Security sees Morses Line as a weak link in the nation ’s borders , attractive to terrorists trying to smuggle in lethal materials .
The government is planning an estimated $ 8 million renovation here as part of a nationwide effort to secure border crossings .
The bucolic setting of silos and sugar maples has become the focus of a bitter dispute that pits one of America ’s most revered traditions — the family - owned farm — against the post - 9/11 reality of terror attacks on US soil .
FRANKLIN , Vt. —
The red brick house sits unassumingly on a sleepy back road where the lush farmlands of northern Vermont roll quietly into Canada .
This is the Morses Line border crossing , a point of entry into the United States where more than three cars an hour constitute heavy traffic .
Morses Line , one of 15 ports between Vermont and Quebec , was among the first in the country slated for repair .
It was built in 1934 .
Its only detention facility is a set of handcuffs attached to a wooden bench .
It has no place to inspect vehicles , so customs officers have to do it in the middle of the road .
It has a road gate that they have to open and close manually .
Its roof leaks .
“ It is unsafe , ’’ said Marco A. Lopez , spokesman for US Customs and Border Protection .
Lopez said the government has been cooperating with the Rainvilles , and responded to their concerns by scaling back an earlier plan to use 10 acres of the farm .
Allison Stanger , director of the Rohatyn Center for International Affairs at Middlebury College , said the government is right to shore up aging , little - used border crossings .
“ If there ’s a weak link in the chain , that ’s precisely what our enemies would target for getting things into the country , ’’ she said .
“ It seems far - fetched to think that something like this could happen in beautiful Vermont .
But before it happened , what American would have thought that someone would fly a plane into a building ? ’’
The Rainvilles suggest that the Morses Line port , where only 14,811 vehicles crossed in 2009 , could be shut down altogether .
They say the stimulus money would be better spent upgrading the busy Highgate Springs port 11 miles to the west , where Interstate 89 connects with a Canadian route to Montreal .
Hundreds of thousands of vehicles cross there each year .
US Senator Patrick Leahy , a Vermont Democrat who supports the family , raised the idea of closing the Morses Line port with Department of Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano last month .
Napolitano promised to hold a public hearing Saturday in Franklin , Vt. , the town that includes Morses Line .
Lopez said the government has already hired a contractor , but he added that officials will hear out opinions voiced at the meeting .
“ All options are on the table , ’’ he said .
“ If the community and the state and whatever disagree with us , we will talk to Canada about closing the border . ’’
The Rainvilles say they have nothing against border officials .
Two years ago , they closed the farm so that law enforcement agencies could use it to conduct a drill on the response to a nuclear , biological , or chemical attack .
But they were rankled by a recent government assessment that described the 4.9 acres as undeveloped and insignificant to their operation .
The plot is a fraction of their 220 - acre property , but it constitutes about one - twelfth of their available hay land .
It yields 1,000 bales of hay a year ; without it , the family would need to buy the hay at $ 3.25 a bale , and possibly reduce the number of cows , said Craig Rainville , 32 .
He calculates that the cost would soon exceed the sum the government is offering , and cripple a farm that has been named to the National Register of Historic Places for its intact 19th - century buildings and pristine landscape and designated a Dairy of Distinction by the Vermont Department of Agriculture .
The family recently put up a “ Save This Farm ’ ’ sign at the entrance to the property .
Last week Brian Rainville stood on a field of alfalfa and indicated orange posts erected by government surveyors to delineate the boundaries of the disputed plot .
“ They look at it like a vacant lot , ’’ he said .
“ They do not understand how vital that land is to who we are and what we do . ’’
© Copyright 2010 Globe Newspaper Company .
MOST PHOTOGENIC WOMEN TEAMS , TORINO OLYMPIADS 2006
PHOTOS BY PUFICHEK , PRESENTED BY CHESSPICS
VOTING CLOSED
From the large collection of Pufichek Chesspics albums of players of the Torino Chess Olympiad 2006 , we have selected a few for our Photogenic Collection .
The photos were posted for voting from May 24 to June 24 , generating enormous interest from all sides of the globe , with over 10,000 people actively taking part in the voting .
Most photos in this gallery will be used to illustrate the Torino 2006 Olympiads .
We present to you below the most complete collection of photos of full teams playing at the Torino Chess Olympiad 2006 .
We have selected the best for our Teams Collection .
The voting is now closed .
The top 3 teams are :
- Bosnia Herzegovina
- Poland
- Russia
Have a look at our galleries at CHESSPICS ( use the pulldown menus on the left ) .
The Deepwater Horizon is not the only well leaking oil into the Gulf of Mexico for the last month .
A nearby drilling rig , the Ocean Saratoga , has been leaking since at least April 30 , according to a federal document .
While the leak is decidedly smaller than the Deepwater Horizon spill , a 10 - mile - long slick emanating from the Ocean Saratoga is visible from space in multiple images gathered by Skytruth.org , which monitors environmental problems using satellites .
Federal officials did not immediately respond when asked about the size of the leak , how long it had been flowing , or whether it was possible to plug it .
Skytruth first reported the leak on its website on May 15 .
Federal officials mentioned it in the May 1 trajectory map for the Deepwater Horizon spill , stating that oil from the Ocean Saratoga spill might also be washing ashore in Louisiana .
The only other mention the Press - Register was able to find of the spill in federal documents occurred in a May 17 transcript of a U.S. Coast Guard media conference .
In that transcript , Admiral Mary Landry said that she was unaware there was another drilling rig leaking oil in the Gulf .
Officials with Diamond Offshore , which owns the drilling rig , said that they could not comment on the ongoing spill and referred the Press - Register to well owner Taylor Energy Co. , which hired Diamond .
Taylor Energy officials did not return calls seeking comment .
Saturday , the Southwings environmental group flew over the Ocean Saratoga with photographer J. Henry Fair of Industrial Scars.com and returned with photos that appear to show a large oil crew boat pumping dispersants into the water at the spill site .
" It appeared the crew boat had barrels of dispersant on board , " said Tom Hutchings of Southwings , a volunteer organization of pilots who monitor environmental problems from airplanes .
Henry Fair said that his photos show a large hose coming off the boat and disappearing into the water with several buoys tied to it .
It was unclear how far the hose extended underwater .
" I see a hose going over the side .
The boat was not moving , but it was making a wake , disturbing the water a lot , " Fair said .
" I see a glossy slick that one would usually identify as petroleum , and it goes a long way away . "
Officials at the National Response Center said that the spill had been reported , but would not say when it began .
The U.S. Coast Guard did not immediately respond to e-mails seeking comment .
" We accidentally discovered this spill looking at the Deepwater Horizon images .
The question is , what would we see if we were systematically looking at the offshore industry ? " said John Amos with Skytruth.org .
" Is this an aberration , or are things like this going on all the time ?
That 's why we are calling for public , transparent monitoring everywhere offshore drilling is going on in U.S. waters . "
Update ( 7:06 p.m. June 9 ) :
Company says oil sheen from Ocean Saratoga comes from ongoing work
Google ’s Android Throws Down iPhone From The World ’s Best Smartphone List
strong > Google ’s AndroidOperating system the smartest phone on the face of the earth which now the company not only claims but has prooved it too by making it to the second position on the list of smartphones and throwing Apple makers to the back seat , however Blackberry remains unaffected at the first position due to its maintained lead in US Markets .
According to a report released by the NPD Group , the US consumer market research company , Google ’s Android operating system has shaken up the mobile phone market , moving past Apple to take the number two position among smartphone operating systems .
If we go by the no’s then the Google ’s Android has outnumbered Apple Phones by 28 percent which is much closer to the Blackberry which is still on the top of the list with 36 percent of distributorship .
But The Android still has to pass many hurdles as it accounts for only 9 % of the US market against iPhone ’s 26 % .
<
In the Begiinning of this year , analytics firm Flurry estimated Google sold roughly 135,000 Nexus
One phones in its first 74 days on the market , compared with the 1 million iPhones Apple sold in the same time frame when it released the device in 2007 .
But still the Google ’s Android Phone has outnumbered all the past sales profits and falures with its smart features and functions and because of which it has been able to conquer the Smartphone market .
It ’s been a month since Bishop James Wingle cited a lack of “ stamina ” as the reason for abruptly resigning as head of the Roman Catholic Diocese of St. Catharines .
His portrait still hangs in the hallway of the chancery in Thorold , and a picture of him remains on the diocese website , just to the right of the Pope’s .
Yet no one seems to know what ’s become of him .
Not even his temporary replacement , the young Monsignor Wayne Kirkpatrick , knows where Wingle is .
He has a big box of mail for the bishop but no forwarding address .
With the Roman Catholic Church embroiled in a growing sex scandal , Wingle announced his departure on April 7 with a vaguely - worded letter that referred to unspecified “ shortcomings . ”
He said he was going on a sabbatical , “ centered on prayer and personal renewal . ”
His exit has baffled and worried people he worked closely with .
Only days earlier , Wingle was handing out Easter candies to nuns , attending meetings and making plans .
And then — gone .
Speculation was rampant .
It still is .
This from a posting on an online Catholic forum : “ Everyone is afraid of not knowing where Fr. Wingle went to . . . we are all hoping that he is okay ! ”
Says Rev. Thomas Rosica , chief executive officer of Canada ’s Salt and Light Catholic Media Foundation and a communications adviser to the Vatican : “ He ’s out of the country — that ’s all we know .
Where ?
God only knows . ”
Wingle , 63 , is an avid traveller .
He became a bishop in 1993 , serving first in Yarmouth , N.S , and later , in St. Catharines .
He is well - respected and outspoken .
He denounced the nomination of Dr. Henry Morgentaler for an Order of Canada and was one of the key organizers of World Youth Day in Toronto in 2002 .
The bishop ’s resignation was accepted by the Pope three days after Easter Sunday , under a part of Canon law that requests a bishop resign if he can no longer fulfill his duties due to illness or other serious reasons .
“ It came as a surprise to us all , ” Kirkpatrick told The Catholic Register .
“ People were really shocked . ” Monsignor Dominic Pizzacalla , the diocese ’s Vicar General , described Wingle at the time as having worked under “ tremendous pressures and stress . ”
The resignation came two weeks after a former priest , Donald Grecco , pleaded guilty to sexually molesting three former altar boys between 1978 and 1986 while a parish priest in Cayuga and , later , in Welland .
Two of the victims had previously complained directly to the diocese .
One came forward in Sept. , 2001 , four months before Wingle was installed as bishop of the diocese .
The second came under Wingle ’s watch in 2005 .
The second victim was interviewed by a senior church official , and court was told that “ nothing ” was done .
Police arrested Grecco in 2008 following a three - month investigation .
An Ontario Provincial Police search warrant , executed on the diocese , uncovered the first victim .
A third came forward after police issued a press release .
Grecco pleaded guilty in a Hamilton court to all charges on March 23 .
He is to be sentenced on June 3 .
Could the Grecco case have something to do with Wingle ’s resignation ?
No one ’s saying .
Kirkpatrick wo n’t divulge what steps
Wingle or the church took when the victims came forward with their allegations .
He said he wo n’t discuss the case because it is still before the courts .
Pizzacalla interviewed the victim who came forward in 2005 .
He told the Star that church protocols for dealing with sex abuse allegations were followed .
“ There are procedures that we go through and the procedures were carried out , ” he says .
Pizzacalla refused to specify what those procedures are , saying they could be found on the diocese ’s website .
Unlike other dioceses , it appears St. Catharines does not post its policy .
Rosica says people have a right to know what actions Wingle and the diocese took .
“ It does n’t smell right , ” says Rosica , a Toronto - based member of the Pontifical Council for Social Communications , which advises the Pope on , among other things , how to handle sex abuse scandals .
“ When the ( resignation ) announcement came out , I had a number of bishops phoning me and say , ‘ What the hell is going on ? ’
And I said , ‘ You ’re asking me ! ’ ”
He adds : “ The timing was unbelievable . ”
Wingle ’s resignation and whereabouts are also a mystery to the Canadian Conference of Catholic Bishops , an association all the country ’s bishops belong to but which exercises no authority over the way dioceses are run .
“ If you find out , tell me , ” said conference spokesperson Christine Choury , referring to Wingle ’s whereabouts .
Choury was stunned to learn that officials at the St. Catharines diocese refuse to speak to the media about Wingle .
Bishop Paul - Andre Durocher of the Diocese of Alexandria - Cornwall , a member of the conference ’s permanent council , says he too is in the dark about Wingle .
“ People are raising all sorts of questions , so I can understand people ’s desire to know , ” he said .
“ At the same time , I believe there ’s a right to personal privacy .
This can be a very private issue which has nothing to do with what is preoccupying people , and I think we have to respect that . ”
With the diocese saying little , there are many questions left unanswered .
How did it deal with Grecco after the first victim brought allegations of sexual abuse to church officials in 2001 ?
Was Grecco moved to a different parish ?
It is unclear when Grecco , now 70 , stopped being a priest .
He appears to have been active when Wingle became bishop .
Pizzacalla , who interviewed Grecco after the second victim came forward in 2005 , says he was no longer exercising his ministry at that time .
Grecco has been working as a grief counsellor and appears to have married .
Donald Joseph Grecco comes from a prominent Ontario Catholic family .
He ’s one of four brothers who became priests .
One of them , Richard , was appointed bishop of the Diocese of Charlottetown in 2009 , and had earlier served as auxiliary bishop in Toronto .
In the late ’ 70s , Donald Grecco served as a parish priest in Cayuga .
Over the course of a year , he abused a young altar boy who was part of a youth group and was often at the church , including a period when he was paid to paint the parish hall .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
The boy was the victim of 12 acts of gross indecency .
He complained to the diocese in 2005 .
In the summer of 1979 , Grecco took another altar boy to a cottage , perhaps near Collingwood , court heard .
During the drive up , the boy did poorly on a spelling game , and Grecco informed him he would be punished upon arrival .
The two had no further contact , and in 2001 , the former altar boy made his complaint to the diocese , according to facts read out in court .
Between 1984 and 1986 , while Grecco was stationed at a church in Welland , he abused a third altar boy .
Grecco would invite the boy into his sitting room or bedroom , and into the rectory .
There was also an incident at Grecco ’s house and at a cottage .
There were 10 instances of abuse , all of them nearly identical .
One was punishment for stuttering during a church reading .
Police initiated an investigation in 2008 after one of the victims complained .
Grecco was charged in September of that year .
Following a press release , another victim came forward .
A routine search warrant on church offices uncovered the third victim .
Additional charges were laid .
The case was moved from Cayuga to Hamilton .
In an email response to 17 Star questions about Grecco , Wingle , and church protocols , Kirkpatrick answered none of them .
He said “ the Diocese of St. Catharines has nothing to add to the statement issued by Bishop Wingle . ”
Father Thomas Rosica , who knows Kirkpatrick , called him on May 5 specifically to ask him about Wingle .
Kirkpatrick told him the chancery has no telephone number or address for the bishop emeritus .
Kirkpatrick told Rosica that “ maybe in the future he ’ll resurface and we ’ll know where he is . ”
Rosica says Kirkpatrick , meanwhile , “ finds it personally very frustrating that he does n’t even have access to him .
I believe him , which even makes it more ridiculous . ”
The Wingle mystery — and the diocese ’s refusal to discuss the Grecco case — highlights the Catholic Church ’s questionable relationship with transparency and accountability .
In 1992 , after the sex abuse scandals at the Mount Cashel orphanage in Newfoundland , the Conference of Catholic Bishops issued a groundbreaking report in , “ From Pain to Hope , ” detailing the protocol the diocese should follow when allegations are made .
Yet a year later , a letter to the Vatican by the late bishop of Pembroke , Joseph Windle , made clear that several Ontario bishops were aware that Bernard Prince , a now - defrocked priest convicted of sexual abuse , was transferred to a top Vatican job after allegations against him in Pembroke were known .
In 2005 , after sex scandals rocked the Catholic Church in the United States , the Canadian bishops issued a task force report that reviewed the progress made since 1992 .
It found that victims still saw the church as more interested in protecting pedophile priests and avoiding scandal than in serving justice .
It found that a “ small number of dioceses remain extremely reluctant ” to adopt sex - abuse protocols .
And it recommended that statistics on sexual abuse “ committed in the church environment ought to be compiled and eventually published . ”
By then , bishops in the U.S. had already ordered their dioceses to compile all allegations made against priests since 1950 and to pass them on to an independent group of academics .
The published survey found 4,392 priests with sex abuse allegations .
In Canada , bishops have not conducted a similar survey .
The extent of alleged sexual abuse remains unknown .
The U.S. bishops also successfully lobbied the Pope to impose a sexual - abuse protocol — including a “ zero tolerance ” policy that defrocks priests or bans them from ministry for life — on all American dioceses .
In Canada , sex abuse protocols remain at the discretion of bishops , who wield absolute power when it comes to their dioceses .
Durocher is confident that all Ontario dioceses have sex - abuse protocols .
( St. Catharines , however , wo n’t say if it does . )
Durocher implemented one after he became bishop of Alexandria - Cornwall in 2002 , and discovered that four of his 30 priests were charged with sexual abuse .
Since 2002 , Durocher says , one person has complained to the diocese of being abused by a now - deceased priest .
Fourteen others launched lawsuits — they were settled for a total of $ 1.5 million — without first informing the diocese .
“ The secrecy behind the allegations is no longer there because people are no longer coming to the dioceses to bring there allegations , ” Durocher says .
“ They go to the police or they go to a lawyer to launch a lawsuit , and all those are public acts . ”
Still , Durocher supports making bishops more accountable to parishioners and applauds recent indications from the Vatican that compulsory guidelines on how to deal with sex abuse allegations are expected this fall .
Sandro Contenta can be reached at scontenta@thestar.ca .
Jim Rankin can be reached at jrankin@thestar.ca .
Dailydave mailing list archives
By Date By Thread Hyenas of the Security Industry From : Brad Spengler < spender ( ) grsecurity net >
Date : Fri , 18 Jun 2010 00:01:19 +0200
By now , most on this list and elsewhere have read from various news sources the " controversy " regarding Tavis Ormandy 's recent full - disclosure of a vulnerability in older versions of Microsoft Windows .
The advisory was posted here : http://seclists.org/fulldisclosure/2010/Jun/205 from Tavis ' personal email account on his own personal time , and as mentioned in his advisory , represented no agency or person but himself .
It was disgusting to see not only the resulting press but also the response ( or more accurately , the lack thereof ) from the security community ( if such a thing exists anymore ) .
So since most researchers in the security community have had their spines and sense of justice / fairness contractually removed by their respective employers , I 'd like to comment on some of these topics .
The purpose of my mail is to call out ( by name ) the individuals , " journalists " , and companies that manufactured the controversy for their own benefit .
The only thing Tavis did wrong was assume his readership understood the details of his situation as well as he did .
The clarity regarding what happened during the five days between private and public disclosure was n't there , leading to rampant speculation and inaccuracies that continued even after Tavis corrected them .
How many vulnerabilities Tavis has " responsibly " reported to Microsoft is n't known by most because such reports are n't often newsworthy .
The only carrot - on - a- stick Microsoft used to be able to offer to independent researchers was recognition within their advisories .
I do n't find this to be any significant motivator at all .
Red
Hat has the same policy as well , but unfortunately for the vendors that adopt this policy it does n't affect public recognition .
Though Microsoft wo n't acknowledge the author of a vulnerability that is not " responsibly disclosed " , everyone else will .
Not that any kind of recognition is particularly important for some -- using one 's own name can just be due to a disinterest in the usefulness of submitting a report from an alias with an anonymous email address .
The upsetting trend ( which I imagine has been keeping security companies playing along with Microsoft 's silly game ) is for Microsoft to call into question the ethics of the reporter , and even if that reporter was acting independently , tying that question of ethics to the reporter 's employer .
This was n't some flippant reaction by a random MSRC employee , the Director of MSRC , Mike Reavey , mentioned Tavis ' employer three times in his blog regarding the vulnerability : http://blogs.technet.com/b/msrc/archive/2010/06/10/windows-help-vulnerability-disclosure.aspx
It was an intentional ( and successful ) attempt at framing the discussion that was repeated endlessly by the media .
Speaking of framing discussions , we need to reject the legitimacy of the phrase " responsible disclosure . "
It 's a loaded term that by itself implies that any other kind of disclosure is irresponsible .
Such a claim could n't be farther from the truth .
" Responsible disclosure " is an invention of the vendors to reduce public embarrassment and allow them to sit on the bugs for as long as they feel like , as long as they keep coming up with excuses .
Researchers wanted a deadline to prevent exactly that situation ( as Tavis requested for his vulnerability ) , but it seems that more and more , any kind of public disclosure is regarded as irresponsible , even if a vendor says they wo n't fix it in two months .
http://www.zerodayinitiative.com/advisories/upcoming/
Shows how well that " responsible " disclosure is working out : ZDI - CAN - 357 Microsoft High 2008 - 06 - 25 , 720 days ago ZDI - CAN - 527 Microsoft High 2009 - 07 - 14 , 336 days ago ZDI - CAN - 533 Microsoft High 2009 - 07 - 23 , 327 days ago ZDI - CAN - 543 Microsoft High 2009 - 08 - 06 , 313 days ago ZDI - CAN - 599 Microsoft High 2009 - 10 - 20 , 239 days ago
What 's responsible about letting a vendor sit on a serious vulnerability for almost two years ?
I can't think of a catchier phrase to describe what 's going on here ( " Damage Control Disclosure " perhaps ?
maybe someone else can think of something more clever ) , but it 's effectively : " Give us the vulnerability for free , argue with us in phone conferences about its importance and exploitability , then let us sit on it for as long as we want , providing excuse x , y , and z if necessary to delay a fix .
In return , we will give you a gold star and not actively attempt to create a controversy in order to have you fired from your job or sink your company , so that we can retain our image .
At least , as long as you keep playing by these rules -- do n't think about trying to actually enforce any deadlines on that most important vulnerability out of the 20 total you reported . "
It 's clear why this is so attractive to the industry !
It 's also curious how much complaining is done when Microsoft / Adobe / etc do n't fix a vulnerability overnight when an exploit for it gets reported as being found in the wild , yet many of the same people are now complaining that Microsoft was n't given 60 days that they wo n't need to produce a patch -- talk about double standards .
Will we now see a patch within 60 days that was previously impossible ?
On to an analysis of the coverage by " journalists . "
I 'm not quite sure why there 's a need for so many of them , when they all have about the same level of understanding and repeat the same misinformation from the same sources .
I was interested in my analysis of how many times Tavis ' employer was mentioned in the article , who the references were for the article , and whether the information provided by said references were Glenn Beck - style inventions of the imagination ( dramatization : " well yes , he claimed he was acting alone , but he mentions at least one other person in his greets section who also has the same employer !
Now , I know nothing about this person , but based on this alone ... do n't you find it interesting ?
I 'm just the one asking questions here ! " )
Here 's my summary with links :
http://threatpost.com/en_us/blogs/does-google-have-double-standard-full-disclosure-061010
http://ha.ckers.org/blog/20100610/windows-help-centre-vuln/
( Robert Hansen ) References : his own massive brain Number of times employer mentioned : 14 http://www.computerworld.com/s/article/9178084/Hackers_exploit_Windows_XP_zero_day_Microsoft_confirms
( Gregg Keizer )
Number of times employer mentioned : 3 References : Graham Cluley , Andrew Storms Glenn Beck impersonation from : Graham Cluley http://www.computerworld.com/s/article/9177966/Microsoft_confirms_critical_Windows_XP_bug ( Gregg Keizer )
Number of times employer mentioned : 7 References : Robert Hansen / " RSnake " , Andrew Storms Glenn Beck impersonation from : Robert Hansen / " RSnake " http://www.computerworld.com/s/article/9177948/Google_researcher_gives_Microsoft_5_days_to_fix_XP_zero_day_bug ( Gregg Keizer ) Number of times employer mentioned : 16 References : Robert Hansen / " RSnake " , Andrew Storms , Secunia , Vulpen Security Glenn Beck impersonations from : Robert Hansen / " RSnake " , Andrew Storms http://threatpost.com/en_us/blogs/week-security-full-disclosure-rabbit-hole-re-opens-061110
( Dennis Fisher )
Number of times employer mentioned : 13 References : Robert Hansen / " RSnake " , Dino Dai Zovi Glenn Beck impersonation by : Robert Hansen / " RSnake " ( Dino was one of only three people I found who were quoted in support )
http://threatpost.com/en_us/blogs/attackers-exploiting-windows-help-center-flaw-061510
( Dennis Fisher )
Number of times employer mentioned : 1 References : Graham Cluley http://www.theregister.co.uk/2010/06/11/google_microsoft_zeroday/ ( John Oates )
Has subtitle of : " Impatient engineer called , but you were out , you f**ker " Classy !
Number of times employer mentioned : 3 References : random full - disclosure poster Susan Bradley makes reference to " other observers " ( Hansen , Storms ) further perpetuating made - up scenario http://www.zdnet.com/blog/security/googler-releases-windows-zero-day-exploit-microsoft-unimpressed/6659 ( Ryan Naraine )
Number of times employer mentioned : 5 References : links to article by Robert Hansen / " RSnake " for a discussion of " ethics " http://news.cnet.com/8301-27080_3-20007421-245.html
( Elinor Mills )
Number of times employer mentioned : 17 References : Robert Hansen / " RSnake " , Andrew Storms , HDM , fyodor Glenn Beck impersonations by : Robert Hansen / " RSnake " , Andrew Storms ( HDM and fyodor were the only other two found quoted in support , though fyodor 's not marked as explicit )
http://krebsonsecurity.com/2010/06/unpatched-windows-xp-flaw-being-exploited/
( Brian Krebs )
Number of times employer mentioned : 1 References : links to Donato Ferrante 's blog , the actual technical content that Graham Cluley editorialized and sensationalized http://krebsonsecurity.com/2010/06/security-alert-for-windows-xp-users/
( Brian Krebs )
Number of times employer mentioned : 3 http://www.theregister.co.uk/2010/06/15/windows_help_bug_exploited/
( Dan Goodin )
Number of times employer mentioned : 0 References : links to Donato Ferrante 's blog , the actual technical content that Graham Cluley editorialized and sensationalized http://www.theregister.co.uk/2010/06/10/windows_help_bug/
( Dan Goodin )
Number of times employer mentioned : 0 References : HDM ( HDM was one of three in support , but is only quoted for technical relevance here )
Dan Goodin seems to be the only journalist in the group .
I 've even removed the quotes because he actually did his job !
Brian Krebs would be a close second : he stuck to the technical content , though still mentioned Tavis ' employer several times ( and the comments below his articles ( perhaps as a result ) mirror that association ) .
As for the rest , they latched onto the manufactured controversy , copy + pasting gems from Hansen , Storms , and Cluley among each other .
You all fail , especially John Oates -- you seriously call that reporting ?
As a comparison , observe what was reported when Tavis let Microsoft sit on the vm86 vulnerability for 7 months without a fix : http://www.computerworld.com/s/article/9146820/Microsoft_confirms_17_year_old_Windows_bug
Moral here is : if you let the vendor sit on a 17 year old vulnerability for 7 months and then go public when there 's no fix yet , you get thanked , but if you determine 5 days after responsibly reporting to the vendor that a fix is n't coming any time soon and then go public , Microsoft wants you to shut up , or else .
A recent quote from Wikileaks ' twitter account seems apropos here , though I would even extend the scope beyond journalists in this case : " Bad journalists assume people are motivated by revenge or fame -- because that is what bad journalists are motivated by . "
With this in mind , let 's take a closer at the three people constantly quoted who helped create a controversy out of thin air .
Since they apparently have no sense of decency themselves and had no problem maligning Tavis just for some media attention , I 'm sure they wo n't mind having their names and their company names reproduced below .
Graham Cluley , self - described " computer security expert " Senior Technology Consultant for Sophos Blog post located at : http://www.sophos.com/blogs/gc/g/2010/06/15/tavis-ormandy-pleased-website-exploits-microsoft-zeroday/
Note the coincidentally inflammatory URL .
I 'm commenting on almost every area of the post , so I wo n't include it inline here .
He starts off by associating Tavis with his employer , repeating the already false claim that Tavis only gave Microsoft 5 days to come up with a patch ( he 's able to make multiple updates to the blog but conveniently does n't fix this central inaccuracy ) .
He calls Tavis irresponsible , then mentions that luckily for the reader , Sophos ( his company 's product ) will protect you against the one website they found exploiting the vulnerability , which they wo n't mention .
Cluley could use a clue about the definition of " proactive " though -- he claims Sophos " proactively detects the page as Sus / HcpExpl - A " , the link showing the protection being available since June 14th , 4 days after Tavis ' advisory .
It seems like a " reactive " detection of a vulnerability that existed for 9 years which was only possible 4 days after the fact , entirely due to Tavis ' advisory .
Antivirus is a joke in itself , but that 's a completely different topic .
A Slashdot commenter wrote the following about Graham Cluley : " There are a lot of " go - to " commentators that the press goes to for supposed insights about security .
Graham is one of them .
He 's a smart guy , but also one of the worst carnival - barkers in the industry ; always chasing stories .
Here are a few classics : * On Bluetooth phone viruses , [ crn.com ] apparently the next big thing in malware ( 2004 ) : " If you do n't know about bluejacking these messages can be quite a shock " ( 2004 ) * On the groundswell of Mac malware : [ techtree.com ]
" This means two real viruses have emerged for the Mac OS X platform in less than a week .
The question on everyone 's lips is - when will we see the next one , and will it have a more malicious payload ? " ( 2006 ) * On " naming and shaming " [ sophos.com ] ( his words ) countries from whose IP address space spam appears to emanate : " A new dirty ' gang of four ' - South Korea , Brazil , India and their ringleader USA - account for over 30 % of all the spam relayed by hacked computers around the globe . " ( 2010 ) It is a bit rich that he 's asking Tavis whether he " feels good about himself . "
Just saying . "
http://www.sophos.com/pressoffice/news/articles/2010/04/dirty-dozen.html
http://www.techtree.com/techtree/jsp/article.jsp?article_id=71444&cat_id=582
http://www.crn.com/security/56200605
Next we have Andrew Storms , Director of Security Operations at nCircle Security .
He had this to say : " That 's impossible , argued Andrew Storms , director of security operations at nCircle Security .
" [ As a security researcher ] you can't really separate your work from your employer .
So you have to wonder if [ Ormandy [ ] is n't intentionally feeding the feud between Google and Microsoft . "
Like Hansen , Storms questioned Ormandy 's decision to reveal his findings just five days after he reported the vulnerability to Microsoft .
" You can't say in this case that the vendor was sitting on their hands , not being responsive , which is why researchers usually go public , to force [ a vendor 's ] hand .
" This is no better than not reporting it to Microsoft , " concluded Storms . "
Storms ' other activities for the press include discussion of recently reported vulnerabilities that he does n't understand but will say something generic like " the one in Internet Explorer is the most important " just to get his nCircle Security 's name in the news .
In his quotes used by the various " journalists " he advances the idea that Tavis ' disclosure of the vulnerability is some conspiratorial fueling of a feud between Tavis ' employer and Microsoft , despite the fact that the only people associating it with Tavis ' employer are commentators like Storms .
Finally we have the turd wrapped up in an enigma that is Robert Hansen / " RSnake " , CEO of SecTheory Reading his post : http://threatpost.com/en_us/blogs/does-google-have-double-standard-full-disclosure-061010
http://ha.ckers.org/blog/20100610/windows-help-centre-vuln/
it 's clear that he has an axe to grind with Tavis ' employer .
He creates the false , repeated claim that Tavis only gave Microsoft 5 days to create a fix ( not only that , he assigns this fault to Tavis ' employer , not Tavis himself ) .
He then , again falsely , claims that Tavis was n't doing this in his own time , simply because some other individuals with the same employer appear in his greets section .
Maybe they do n't teach this in clickjacking training , an extensive 5 week course , but " greets " is short for " greetings " --
I 've been mentioned in the list before , but it did n't mean I had anything to do with the vulnerability discovery or released exploit .
Not to mention that there 's nothing wrong with two employees of the same company collaborating on projects ( or in this case , specific smaller aspects of a larger project ) outside of work -- being friends with others in the community , many of whom work for the same large companies , is nothing unusual .
" RSnake " then complains about the hostname Tavis chose to use for links in his advisory .
Finally , after an entire article focusing on Tavis ' motives and ethics , he ends it with " I do n't mean to say anything bad about Tavis " -- he means it so much he made a blog post trashing him , reposted to another site , and repeated the same lies to any reporter that would listen to him .
Towards the end of his comments on his ha.ckers.org blog , before locking it from additional comments because people did n't agree with him , he states : " I 'm over it . "
After calling for one of the most well - known and respected researchers to be fired and repeating those comments to reporters , I 'm glad you had the empathy to finally conclude that everything is ok now and that you 're over it , because surely Tavis has n't been affected at all by your reckless , idiotic statements .
You stay classy out there , scumbag .
Some final comments : Microsoft should strongly reconsider their actions .
If this were any other security researcher , how likely would that researcher be to cooperate in a " responsible " fashion in the future , for free ?
How likely would they be to sit in on phone conferences trying to convince Microsoft that a vulnerability is exploitable and important ?
How likely instead , now being treated as some kind of outlaw instead of a person for whom security is genuinely important , would they be to profit off their finding obtained in their own time ?
Does Microsoft believe they 're improving security if these vulnerabilities are instead sold to the highest domestic / foreign bidder ?
Or is it only the appearance of security they 're interested in ?
Do n't bite the hand that feeds you -- any alternative action by a researcher due to chilling effects is worse for security than what Microsoft is scolding Tavis for .
Punishing Tavis plays into the interests of the anti-sec crowd who want him humiliated to the point that he quits killing bugs so that the bugs can continue to be exploited in private .
Is Tavis unethical because his personal views on vulnerability disclosure that he practices in his own time differ from those of his employer ?
As a reminder of this foolish argument from authority , said employer is the same one that we recently discovered thought it was perfectly ethical to secretly and purposefully sniff WiFi traffic in countries all over the world .
Is anyone seriously questioning that Tavis has ulterior motives , given that he spends much of his free time finding vulnerabilities and reporting them to vendors for free ?
Anyone who knows
Tavis knows his ethics and integrity are beyond reproach ; libel seems to be reserved for the others .
Locke , via Leibniz in " New Essays on Human Understanding " said , " boldness is the power to speak or do what we intend , before others , without being intimidated . "
It takes a bold , ethical person like Tavis to do what he did .
He should be supported and defended by the community , not allowed to be ostracized and raked over the coals in the press by attention - seeking CEOs with an axe to grind .
TL ;DR : If we do n't collectively stick up for Tavis , we 're all hurting our ability to perform our jobs objectively in the future , slaves to the multi-billion dollar corporations taking our free work and creating the illusion that we have any responsibility to feed into their damage control systems .
tags : horrible security company corporate shills bandwagon responsible disclosure useless analysis microsoft vulnerabilities snake oil salesmen cargo cult rsnake is a fool everything i needed to know about clickjacking i learned in elementary school cluley clueless those who can do those who can't are named andrew storms and write blog entries about mundane topics rsnakeoil secconspiracy ncirclejerk ItUk - 5FI0 Ek < part where I drop the microphone >
_______________________________________________
Dailydave mailing list Dailydave ( ) lists immunitysec com http://lists.immunitysec.com/mailman/listinfo/dailydave
By Date By Thread Current thread : Hyenas of the Security Industry Brad Spengler ( Jun 17 ) Re : Hyenas of the Security Industry Marsh Ray ( Jun 21 ) < Possible follow - ups >
Re : Hyenas of the Security Industry dislosure ( Jun 19 ) Re : Hyenas of the Security Industry Tavis Ormandy ( Jun 19 ) Re : Hyenas of the Security Industry dave ( Jun 24 )
Brad Spengler ( Jun 17 )
Published by Sierra Monica P. on May 15 , 2010 under Giveaways
If you had the chance to read our review of the SmartStand from Crowley Jones now it ’s time to get a chance to win the green stand !
Crowley Jones is famous for its innovative products including the eye - catching silicone stand for mobiles , known as the SmartStand .
Other products designed and provided by the company include the 3 - in - 1 keychain with LED light , cleaning brush and a security whistle , the Convectionware in which you can prepare , cook and serve foods , the dinosaur - shaped water guns that look realistic , a powerful portable vacuum cleaner , and an alternative to the classic backpack in which you can keep lots of things you need during the trip .
If you live in the US all you have to do is leave a comment in which to tell us your opinion about these cool stands .
Tweeting about the giveaway is optional but will give you two extra entries .
This means you ’ll have to leave the comment in which to include the opinion and the link to your Tweet .
The giveaway is open to anyone living in the United States and will end on May 30 .
The winner will be announced the next day .
Good luck ! 😉
Update : Comments are closed .
Check to see who won the stand here .
Tags : stands
Euro crisis ' spells the end of welfare states ' :
Post - war system in ashes , warns U.S. thinktank
The welfare states of Europe that rose out of the ashes of the Second World War are now facing destruction because of the sovereign debt crisis , analysts say .
The troubles that began with the collapse of Greece and which now threaten the euro spell the end for excessive and occasionally corrupt welfare systems , they say .
The pronouncement from a highly regarded U.S. think tank reflected popular opinion across northern European countries .
German Chancellor Angela Merkel , centre , who has been battling to save the euro
Uri Dadush , of the Carnegie Endowment 's International Economic Programme , said : ' The current welfare state is unaffordable .
' The crisis has made the day of reckoning closer by several years in all the industrial countries . '
The verdict follows the surprise in the U.S. caused by the discovery that the average age of retirement in Greece is 53 , thanks to a generous benefit system and pensions for state employees .
It symbolised the unaffordability of the welfare states set up across Europe from the 1940s onwards with the aim of suppressing popular unrest and paying off tensions that could lead to another continental war .
Other recently discovered welfare state provisions that also look too generous to transatlantic eyes include the German unemployment benefit provisions .
Under these , sacked workers under the age of 50 can collect 60 per cent of their last pre-tax pay packet from the state for a year after losing their job .
Chancellor Angela Merkel 's government is to decide next month on schemes to cut £ 3 billion from its budget , with cuts to unemployment pay on the agenda .
She has promised to protect education from cutbacks , but there is pressure to ask German students to pay more .
At present some German states provide university education free , and none charge more than £ 1,000 a year in tuition fees .
In France , meanwhile , there are looming moves to cut the cost to the state of pensions .
State workers can retire at 60 on half their average lifetime salary .
There are higher pensions for civil servants , military veterans , and those who have raised at least three children .
Southern European countries with similar economies to Greece and welfare systems sometimes as generous also look poised to rein back .
Spain has already cut a £ 3,000 state payment to parents of newborns .
It also proposes to push up retirement age from 65 to 67 .
Alongside raising retirement ages so that no one can leave work before 60 , Greece plans to insist that workers pay into their pensions for 40 years before they can take an income from them .
Greece also plans to end lavish perks for civil servants , including two extra months ' salary paid to those on £ 3,000 a month or more .
Professor Iain Begg of the European Institute at the London School of Economics said : ' There has been a lack of willingness to shift away from welfare as social protection towards an approach seen in northern Europe ... which is welfare as social investment . '
Image caption
The Queen 's birthday is marked by the Trooping the Colour parade
The US State Department has been left red-cheeked after sending birthday greetings to the Queen a week early .
The diplomatic faux pas was admitted by spokesman PJ Crowley , who said : " Better a week early than a week late . "
The message from US secretary of state Hillary Clinton on behalf of President Obama also honoured the " special relationship " between the US and UK .
Buckingham Palace said no offence had been taken , and that it had been a " genuine mistake " .
In the premature message , Mrs Clinton said : " On this celebratory occasion , we pay tribute to the Queen 's life and legacy and honour the special relationship between our two nations .
The statement noted how , " the young Princess Elizabeth helped rally her nation in the darkest days of that war , and she has remained a beacon of integrity and resolve ever since " .
It said : " The United States has always been grateful for her friendship and example .
Once again , I wish Queen Elizabeth II a very happy birthday and peace and prosperity for the people of the United Kingdom in the year to come . "
The Queen 's actual birthday is on 21 April - she turned 84 this year - but British monarchs celebrate a second " official " birthday on a Saturday in June decided by the government , this year on 12 June , culminating with the annual Trooping the Colour parade .
“ It used to be that people used computers for computations where there was a single , hard , logical right answer , ” says Martin Rinard , a professor of computer science at MIT .
“ Now , the landscape is changing . ”
When you do a Google search , for instance , the exact order of the first few results may not matter as much as getting an answer quickly .
In the Internet age , when Web servers are performing computations for thousands of users at once , and sending the results across thousands of miles of optical fiber , programs that can efficiently find adequate solutions to a problem are often preferable to ones that inefficiently find the perfect solution .
Researchers in Rinard ’s group at the Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory have developed a system that automatically looks through computer code for areas where a little bit of accuracy can be traded for significant increases in speed .
In one set of tests , the system halved the time that it takes to encode video data for transmission over the Internet , with no noticeable effect on the video quality ( see the related video ) .
But the same approach could have advantages for any system that needs to process data in real time , such as stock traders ’ analytic software , or location - tracking or environmental - monitoring systems that use networks of sensors .
It could also pay dividends for systems that need to look for patterns in huge masses of data , such as the recommendation engines at sites like Netflix or Amazon .
The researchers unveiled their system last week , at the International Conference on Software Engineering in South Africa .
In a paper they presented there , they concentrated on a version of the system that alerts programmers to sections of their code where accuracy could be traded for speed .
But the system could just as readily make that tradeoff automatically , on the fly .
For instance , video - chat software running on a laptop could use the standard method of encoding data when the laptop ’s processor was otherwise idle .
But if the processor got overburdened trying to handle several applications at once , the video - chat software could switch to the less computationally intensive version of the encoder .
The researchers ’ system exploits a remarkably simple trick .
A large computer program will usually feature numerous instances of what ’s called a loop — a process that ’s repeated over and over again .
Suppose that you were writing a program that needed to find the average of a long list of numbers .
To begin with , the program would simply step through the list , adding each number to a running total :
That ’s the loop .
Then it would divide the total by the length of the list .
The CSAIL researchers who developed the new system — Rinard , research scientist Stelios Sidiroglou - Douskos and graduate students Hank Hoffmann and Sasa Misailovic — call their new technique “ loop perforation ” because it punches holes in loops :
It simply skips every other step in the loop , or every two steps , or whatever it can get away with skipping without sacrificing too much accuracy .
In the case of the program for averaging numbers , it might skip the first number on the list but add the second to the running total ; skip the third but add the fourth ; and so on .
Since it ’s adding up only half as many numbers , it takes only half as much time .
But if the numbers follow a fairly normal probabilistic distribution , the answer will be close to what it would have been , anyway :
The average height of 1,000 randomly selected Americans is probably not that far from the average height of 500 of them .
The researchers ’ system is itself a loop : it searches through a program , perforating each loop in turn , executing the program and using standard measures to gauge the effect on performance .
It then determines which loops ’ perforation provides the greatest increases in speed with the smallest drop in quality .
Loop perforation is so simple , and its effects so dramatic , that it may seem odd that it is n’t already in wide use .
But for computer scientists , it ’s very counterintuitive .
“ There ’s a visceral sort of reaction against it , ” says Hoffmann , “ because people spend a lot of time thinking , ‘ This is the best way to do this . ’
And what we ’re saying is that you can throw out half of what you thought was the best way to do that , and it still produces a reasonable answer . ”
Hoffmann recalls , for instance , that one of the applications on which the researchers tested their system was a machine - learning application , which learned to perform a classification task by looking for patterns in sample data .
“ Sasa knew a lot more than we did about what that app was doing , ” Hoffmann says .
When the system suggested the perforation of one particular loop , “ Sasa was like , ‘ This is wrong .
You ca n’t do that . ”
But the application seemed to work perfectly well with the perforated loop .
“ It seems like the closer you are to the application , the more reluctant you are to accept these things , ” Hoffman says .
“ I like the simplicity of the technique and also the generality of it , ” says Cristian Cadar , a lecturer in the Department of Computing at Imperial College London .
“ You can apply it to a wide variety of programs . ”
But , Cadar adds , “ the main impediment to adoption of this technique , at least in the automatic form , is that developers are reluctant to adopt a technique where they do n’t exactly understand what it does to the program .
” To allay developers ’ fears , Rinard and his group are working to explain the technique ’s success with greater mathematical rigor .
And since loop perforation is such uncharted territory , Rinard suggests , its theoretical exploration could have totally unforeseen consequences .
“ You never know what ’s going to happen when you understand something , ” he says .
“ The great aspect of science is these unpredictable , unanticipated breakthroughs that come just because you ’re curious . ”
Globalists celebrate Obama ’s support for small arms ban that many fear could be used for mass gun grab as part of elite agenda to “ Europeanize ” the United States
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Monday , June 7 , 2010
As part of Bilderberg ’s agenda to “ Europeanize ” America and turn it into a socialist welfare state wherein its citizens are completely dependent on the government , the elite are celebrating President Obama ’s support for a UN small arms treaty , which many fear could be used to impinge on the right to keep and bear arms .
According to Bilderberg sleuth Jim Tucker , elitists were celebrating one of their scant victories at the annual meeting this year , namely the fact that President Obama has promised to support a United Nations small arms treaty that could represent an end run around the second amendment .
By encapsulating the gun grab within a treaty , the Obama administration could claim that no Senate approval is needed to authorize any such move against the right to bear arms – although whether a treaty trumps the Constitution is a very murky area of debate .
Congressman Paul Broun warns that , “ With willing one - world accomplices in Washington , D.C. , gun-grabbers around the globe believe they have it made . ”
Broun characterizes the U.N. ’s Small Arms Treaty as “ nothing more than a massive , GLOBAL gun control scheme . ”
The treaty would force national governments to acquiesce to a global gun registry , while strengthening licensing procedures so as to make it almost impossible for a citizen to legally purchase a gun .
It would also ban the private sale of semi-automatic weapons and ultimately lead to the confiscation and destruction of all “ unauthorized ” firearms owned by citizens .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
American Ambassador to the United Nations John Bolton echoes Broun ’s warning , explaining that the treaty appears to be aimed at the international arms trade yet in reality , “ the real agenda is domestic firearms control ” .
( ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW )
“ I think it was clear from the outset that the Obama administration would move in this direction .
The only thing that ’s surprising is that it ’s taken this long , ” said Bolton .
If the elite are to implement their stuttering “ post - industrial revolution ” with crippling austerity measures , consumption taxes , and mass unemployment with any success , then 100 million armed Americans are going to provide somewhat of a stumbling block .
Bilderberg ’s desire to see the middle class eviscerated and replaced with a servile , destitute and dependent population mandates that private gun ownership in the U.S. be outlawed just as it is in most European countries .
Cynics have claimed that the treaty will only apply to terrorists or those who force children to enlist as soldiers .
However , since the federal government has repeatedly made clear that it considers gun owners , libertarians , tea party activists and basically anyone who is politically active as a likely domestic terrorist under the MIAC report and others , Americans would be remiss not to be concerned about the activities of an organization that symbolizes its agenda in the form of a huge anti-gun statue which it proudly displays in the middle of New York City .
Indeed , if the UN ’s anti-gun statue was supposed to represent a symbol of peace as the organization claims , why does it depict not a weapon of war but a mere handgun ?
This is clearly the UN giving the middle finger to the Constitution and the second amendment , and any attempt by the globalists to act on this attitude should be a massive cause for alarm .
This article was posted : Monday , June 7 , 2010 at 5:02 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
" The SG teams just agree that you know , when they send their iris code through the wormhole , they like to know that there 's a real person on the other ... other end , someone that they can trust to get it right . "
― Walter Harriman[src ]
Norman Walter Davis Harriman is a Chief Master Sergeant at Homeworld Command .
Prior to being assigned to Homeworld Command , he was stationed at Stargate Command .
His post was as technician in the Stargate Operations room , responsible for the activities there .
Norman 's name on his tab is : " Norman Davis " .
Contents show ]
Biography Edit
Background information Edit
He is trusted with much , and is known to be loyal to his work .
He is the one who began the " chevron seven locked " phrase on the Stargate completing its dialing sequence , as part of a way to change things up .
He 's following the strict protocols in the military , and is known to know exactly what the commanding officer wants , before he even has to say it .
This was the fact when Brigadier General Jack O'Neill took command over Stargate Command and seemed to be helpless without him .
He also did such actions when Major General Henry Landry succeeded O'Neill as commander of the SGC .
As of his promotion to Chief Master Sergeant , he was the Senior Non-Commissioned Officer ( SNCO ) at the SGC .
He is married and has two sons .
( RPG : " Friends and Foes : Stargate Season Two " ) ( SG1 : " Children of the Gods " , " Heroes , Part 1 " , " Heroes , Part 2 " , " Zero Hour " , " Avalon , Part 1 " )
1997 Edit
When the Stargate program was restarted , he dialed Abydos in order for Colonel Jack O'Neill to retrieve Dr. Daniel Jackson .
Later , he dialed Chulak for SG - 1 and SG - 2 to attempt to rescue Sha 're and Skaara .
( SG1 : " Children of the Gods " )
He attempted to stop the Goa'uld in Major Charles Kawalsky from dialing the Stargate to Chulak but the Goa'uld overpowered him and broke his arm .
( SG1 : " The Enemy Within " )
1998 Edit
During Apophis ' attack on Earth , he detected the flash from a shock grenade on Klorel 's Ha'tak and helped coordinate the evacuation of the Alpha list to the Alpha Site .
( SG1 : " The Serpent 's Lair " )
2000 Edit
When the Eurondans attempted to contact Stargate Command , he assisted Major Samantha Carter in deciphering their radio signal .
( SG1 : " The Other Side " )
2001 Edit
When an Entity from P9C - 372 entered the Stargate Command mainframe , he along with Major Samantha Carter suffered electrical burns .
( SG1 : " Entity " )
When Stargate Command was negotiating with the Aschen , Major Samantha Carter assigned him to search for planets that held a Stargate in a 300 Light year radius of Volia .
He discovered that one of the four planets found was P4C - 970 that had been locked out of the Dialing computer by Major General George S. Hammond 's order a year earlier .
( SG1 : " 2001 " )
2002 Edit
When Anubis tried to destroy Earth with a Naquadah asteroid , he was at the control station and was visibly horrified by the possible deaths of SG - 1 .
Harriman stayed at his post until the last Alpha Group left and then was told to go with them by Major General George S. Hammond along with Major Paul Davis .
Harriman was clearly reluctant to go and had to be ordered to leave by Hammond .
Following orders , he evacuated to the Alpha Site .
( SG1 : " Fail Safe " )
When Colonel Frank Simmons tried to take over the SGC and make his own band of Marine Jaffa , was involved with Sergeant Siler in a plot to get General Hammond and Harold Maybourne through the Stargate as illustrated by the fact that he lied about the address that he dialed during Siler 's " test " of the Stargate and sent them to Chulak instead of P5C - 12 as he claimed .
When SG - 1 returned , Simmons ordered Harriman to keep the iris closed and relieved him of duty .
As he stood up , Harriman pretended to trip and land on the palm scanner in the process then refused to fix " accidentally " opening the iris because Simmons had relieved him of duty .
( SG1 : " Survival of the Fittest " )
2003 Edit
He traveled to Vis Uban with Major General George S. Hammond to run the mission control during the Battle to destroy Anubis ' mothership .
He evacuated to Earth when Anubis targeted the base with his superweapon .
( SG1 : " Fallen " )
When SG - 1 returned after five months missing , Harriman was on duty and was shocked by the return of SG - 10 who had been trapped on P3W - 451 for five years , drawing Hammond 's attention to it .
Later , while escaping to P3X - 500 , Dr. Daniel Jackson was forced to shoot Harriman with a zat as he was on duty during the night shift .
Daniel felt bad about having to shoot Harriman and wondered if the man was always on duty given how often he was in the Control Room .
( SG1 : " The Cost of Honor " )
2004 Edit
He was stationed on Prometheus with Major General George S. Hammond during the Battle of Antarctica .
He manned the weapons chair .
( SG1 : " Lost City , Part 2 " )
When a plant from P6J - 908 affected power throughout Stargate Command , he worked with MSgt .
Sylvester Siler to get the Stargate back online .
( SG1 : " Zero Hour " )
He was in the Stargate Operations room when the Stargate was stolen by The Trust .
He along with Sgt. Mackenzie were questioned by Dr. Daniel Jackson .( SG1 : " Endgame " )
On the mission to Atlantis , he flew an Alkesh when the crew of the Prometheus returned to claim it from Vala Mal Doran .
( SG1 : " Prometheus Unbound " )
He was aboard the Prometheus when it attempted to make a voyage to the Pegasus galaxy to assess the Atlantis expedition 's situation ( No one had heard from them since their departure ) .
He was one of the officers offloaded to a Goa'uld Al'kesh by Vala Mal Doran who intended to sell the Prometheus to a fellow arms dealer , Tenat .
He and Dr. Lindsey Novak repaired the Al'kesh and followed Prometheus .
Eventually , Dr. Daniel Jackson was successful in securing the ship , turning it around to pick up Harriman and the others who were stranded .
Prometheus did not make it to Atlantis .
( SG1 : " Prometheus Unbound " )
2005 Edit
The Atlantis expedition had an opportunity to send a very brief data transmission to Earth .
The " intergalactic e-mail " is successfully sent to Stargate Command and received by Harriman and Lt. Colonel Samantha Carter .
( SGA : " Letters from Pegasus " )
He informed Major General Henry Landry that the Daedalus had headed back to Atlantis and was out of range .
( SGA : " Critical Mass " )
After Lt. Colonel Cameron Mitchell disappeared on P9G - 844 , Harriman ran a UAV sweep for him without success .
When Mitchell suddenly returned weeks later , Harriman announced his IDC causing Daniel to accuse Harriman of joking .
Harriman assured Daniel that he would never do that and it was indeed a returning Mitchell .
( SG1 : " Babylon " )
2006 Edit
While Martin Lloyd worked with SG - 1 on his Wormhole X - Treme movie , Harriman manned the control station .
Eventually the Stargate was fixed and SG - 1 were set to go on Lt. Colonel Cameron Mitchell 's 200th trip through the Stargate .
Major General Jack O'Neill joined them and convinced Major General Henry Landry to come as well .
In return , Landry invited Harriman on the mission .
Harriman was reluctant , stating he was n't appropriately dressed , but Landry insisted so Harriman rushed from the Control Room to the Gate Room , somehow getting changed into an off - world outfit along the way .
Before leaving with SG - 1 , O'Neill and Landry , Harriman confirmed that the other SG teams were waiting for them on the other side with cake and banners , presumably for Mitchell .
( SG1 : " 200 " )
2008 Edit
When the Wraith took over the Midway Station and used the McKay / Carter Intergalactic Gate Bridge to reach Earth , Harriman was on duty in the SGC Control Room .
After receiving the Midway IDC , Harriman opens the iris and stares in confusion at the Wraith bomb that comes through .
Along with all of the other personnel in the base , Harriman is stunned by the bomb and is still unconscious when Teal'c and Ronon Dex reach the Control Room .
Along with the other Control Room personnel , Harriman has begun to revive by the time that James Coolidge contacts the military to bomb the SGC with a nuclear warhead .
Harriman overhears Ronon and Coolidge discussing the Wraith in the base and is shocked to hear it , questioning the two if there are really Wraith in the SGC .
However , Ronon and Coolidge ignore him .
( SGA : " Midway " )
Harriman was seen in the SGC Control Room , telling SG - 9 who 'd just returned from a mission that Major General Hank Landry would be down for a short briefing .
A few minutes later , Harriman was later overheard telling another tech that after about ten years and over a thousand email requests , he 'd finally gotten his own parking spot .
It was also shown that Harriman like Daniel Jackson now wore new glasses , replacing the circle - shaped glasses Harriman had been wearing since the beginning of the series .
( SG1 : " Continuum " )
2009 Edit
During the Battle of the Super -hive , Harriman is on duty and during Atlantis ' reentry into Earth 's atmosphere , reports to Colonel Samantha Carter that several commercial vessels in the North Pacific have reported a fireball streaking across the sky .
After Atlantis reestablishes contact with the SGC , Harriman is just as relieved as everyone else and Carter orders him to get the President on the phone for her as " Atlantis is coming home . "
( SGA : " Enemy at the Gate " )
He transferred to The Pentagon possibly working for the Homeworld Command .
( SGU : " Air , Part 1 " )
Alternate realities Edit
In another alternate reality , he was at Area 51 working to locate the Wraith who had crashed on Earth in 2009 .
( SGA : " Vegas " )
Alternate timelines Edit
In an alternate timeline where the Aschen were present on Earth , he was no longer part of the United States Air Force as there was no need for the military .
By 2010 , he was the operations tech adviser at the SGC that had now become a museum for people to visit .
He discovered Jack O'Neill , Dr. Daniel Jackson and Samantha Carter when they attempted to steal a GDO in order to send a message back in time through the Stargate to their past selves in 2000 , thus altering history .
While he wanted to report them , O'Neill promised to explain to him what was going on ( never intending to do so ) and he informed them that the real GDO was on President Kinsey 's desk .
( SG1 : " 2010 " )
Appearances Edit
Service Awards and Decorations Edit
Over the course of his military career , Walter Harriman has received a number of awards and decorations for his service in the United States Air Force .
( SG1 : " New Order , Part 2 " ) .
Harriman 's rack on his shirt depicts the following decorations :
Behind the scenes Edit
Stargate Wiki has a collection of images related to Norman Walter Davis Harriman .
.
GateWorld 's article on
The Hubbert Peak for World Oil
Theory :
It is widely accepted that oil is a finite resource ; there are basic laws which describe the depletion of any finite resource :
Production starts at zero ;
Production then rises to a peak which can never be surpassed ;
Once the peak has been passed , production declines until the resource is depleted .
These simple rules were first described in the 1950s by Dr. M. King Hubbert , and apply to any relevant system , including the depletion of the worlds petroleum resources .
The rate of production of a natural resource can be plotted on a graph against time .
This gives a picture of the lifetime of that resource
Figure 1
This graph depicts world oil production to date .
The vertical line indicates the probable midpoint of
depletion as identified by Campbell .
( Refer to future scenarios as estimated by Campbell and others . )
It is important to note that the point of maximum production ( known as the Hubbert Peak ) tends to coincide with the midpoint of depletion of the resource under consideration .
In the case of oil , this means that when we reach the Hubbert Peak ,
we will have used half of all the recoverable oil that ever existed on our planet .
When viewing a graph of oil production ( millions of barrels per day , Mbd ) against time ( Years ) , the area under the curve corresponds to cumulative production - the area under a world oil production graph from 1970 to 1980 would give the total amount of oil produced between the years 1970 and 1980 .
Thus the area under a curve describing the total lifetime of a natural resource corresponds to the total amount of that resource that was ever and will ever be available for production .
This quantity is known as the Ultimate for that resource .
Practice :
If we knew the Ultimate for oil production , we would then be able to tell when we had reached the midpoint of oil production - it would simply be the moment when cumulative production ( which is known ) was equal to Ultimate ÷2 .
As the midpoint coincides with the production peak , we would also know exactly when production was peaking , and hence when it was going to start declining .
This would be useful knowledge , because reaching the production peak has serious implications ( see later ) .
Since we wont know the exact value of the Ultimate for petroleum until we have run out , the next best thing we
can do is estimate it .
There are four important concepts which have to be considered when estimating the Ultimate for oil production :
Cumulative Production ( Known )
Reserves ( Knowable )
Undiscovered ( Predictable from past trends )
Ultimate ( What were after )
Quite simply , Ultimate = Cumulative Production +
Reserves + Undiscovered
Now comes the interesting part .
Many estimates been have made of the world Ultimate for oil , a recent example being the 1995 USGS global survey .
The value they published was 2275 Billion Barrels ( or Giga - barrels , Gb ) .
These studies are always based on estimates of reserves taken directly from producing countries themselves .
Therein lies the problem .
Many OPEC countries have been announcing reserve numbers which are frankly very strange .
Either their reported reserves remain the same year after year - suggesting that new discoveries exactly match production , or they have suddenly increased their reported reserves by unfeasibly large amounts .
This is clearly shown in the following table :
Table 1 : Selected Reported Reserves ( Gb ) with Suspect Increases Year Abu
Dhabi Dubai Iran Iraq Kuwait Saudi
Arabia * Venezuela Spurious
Amount 1980 28.00 1.40 58.00 31.00 65.40 163.35 17.87 0 1981 29.00 1.40 57.50 30.00 65.90 165.00 17.95 0 1982 30.60 1.27 57.00 29.70 64.48 164.60 20.30 0 1983 30.51 1.44 55.31 41.00 ?
64.23 162.40 21.50 11.3 1984 30.40 1.44 51.00 43.00 63.90 166.00 24.85 0 1985 30.50 1.44 48.50 44.50 90.00 ?
169.00 25.85 26.1 1986 31.00 1.40 47.88 44.11 89.77 168.80 25.59 0 1987 31.00 1.35 48.80 47.10 91.92 166.57 25.00 0 1988 92.21 ?
4.00 ?
92.85 ? 100.00 ?
91.92 166.98 56.30 ?
192.11 1989 92.21 4.00 92.85 100.00 91.92 169.97 58.08 0 1990 92.00 4.00 93.00 100.00 95.00 258.00 ??
59.00 88.3 TOTALS : Declared Reserves for above Nations ( 1990 ) = 701.00 Gb - Spurious Claims = 317.54 Gb data from Dr. Colin Campbell , in SunWorld , 1995 ( click here for references )
In the above table , the red boldface numbers are considered spurious reserve claims .
Also curious are the instances of reserves remaining identical over a period of years , despite intensive production .
It can be seen that fully 45 % of all the above reserve claims are questionable - even neglecting repeatedly unchanged reserve data .
These data are less odd when one realises that OPEC takes into account a countrys reserves when fixing production quotas : the more oil you say you have , the more you re allowed to sell .
Additionally , oil reserves can be used as collateral for loans - an example of this is the $ 50 Billion loan from the USA to Mexico : in December 1994 , the Mexican Peso fell by around 35 % .
As a result , the Mexican Central Bank 's international reserves fell from $ 29 billion to $ 5 billion .
To stave off a collapse of the Mexican economy , President Clinton signed a $ 50 billion " Emergency Stabilization Package " loan to the Mexican government on 31 January 1995 .
The collateral for the loan was Mexico 's pledge of revenues from its future petroleum exports .
Another problem with surveys like that of the USGS ( from which the US government takes its figures ) is that they use very flexible definitions of the different types of oil involved when predicting the amount of oil remaining to be discovered .
Briefly , these break down as follows :
Conventional Oil ( 95 % of all oil so far produced is conventional )
Unconventional Oil Tar Sands Oil Shales
Oil not recoverable with today 's technology
What is needed therefore , is an estimate of the global ultimate for oil production , which takes into account both political reserves  and the different kinds of oil that exist .
Reality Dawns :
Such a study has recently been conducted by Dr. C. J. Campbell , on behalf of Petroconsultants of Geneva , and using their data .
The Petroconsultants database is the most comprehensive available for data on oil resources outside of continental North America , and is used as a ' bible ' by all international oil companies - the information contained in this database is not in the public domain .
The conclusions reached in Dr. Campbells study are ominous :
He arrives at a figure of 1750 Gb for the global ultimate .
This infers that the midpoint of depletion will occur in 1999 .
Figure 2
Graph showing Production ( Mbd ) against Time ( Years ) , based on Campbells data .
The four different lines correspond to different possible scenarios taking place from 1996 onward .
It can be seen that whichever scenario actually occurs , the end result is reasonably constant .
This is because the Ultimate is a constant value , so that more oil now means less in the future : whilst it may be possible to alter the shape of the curve , one cannot alter the area beneath it .
The premature peak in the early 1970s corresponds to the oil crisis of 1973 .
The Plot Thickens :
This does not mean that the world is running out of oil : it means that we are running out of the cheap pumpable oil that has fueled the economic development of the 20th Century .
The global oil production curve is simply a composite of the contributions of individual nations .
However , different countries are in varying stages of production .
Some peaked long ago ( the USA peaked in 1970 - an event predicted by Dr. Hubbert in 1956 ) , some will peak very soon ( the UK in 1999 ) , and some are a long way away from peaking - see graph below .
These latter countries will soon find themselves supplying an ever increasing proportion of the worlds oil needs as we pass the global Hubbert Peak .
They are of course the major Middle East producers , the largest of them being Saudi Arabia .
Their share of the world oil market will probably exceed 30 % in 1999 .
The last time this happened , in 1973 , it allowed them to trigger a world oil crisis .
In contrast with 1973 , the changes in 1999 will be permanent , as they will be based on resource constraints as opposed to politics .
Time to Depletion Midpoint ( Years ) Figure 3
The Above Graph illustrates the time to midpoint for various major oil producing nations .
A negative value means that the midpoint is in the past .
The only countries a significant way from their midpoints are the major Middle East producers .
The likelihood of a global crisis similar to that of 1973 is very high .
The precise timing is dependent on the durability of Saudi Arabias pro-Western stance , and hence on the stability of the current political regime there .
This is because Saudi Arabia is pumping more oil than it needs to , in response to Western ( mainly US ) political pressure ( see graph below ) .
In fact , it is highly likely that if Saudi Arabia were to cut its oil output by 20 % , it would actually increase revenue from sales , as the resulting supply shortfall would push prices up significantly .
This must be very tempting for a country whose debt to income ratio is approximately 2:1 .
It is highly conceivable that there will be a change of government in Saudi Arabia within 5 years .
This will serve to bring forward the onset of a crisis which , as it stands , is coming anyway .
Saudi Exports and US Imports Figure 4
This graph dramatically illustrates the relationship between Saudi Exports ( black line , black squares ) and US Imports ( grey line , triangles ) .
( Graph from Campbell , Energy & Exploration , vol.13 , no.1 , 1995 )
The only long term solution is to reduce our dependence on cheap oil from the middle - East .
This is an entirely feasible thing to do , however it will require serious concerted action on the part of government , industry , and the financial sector
updated 2003 December 22
Cupertino , CA — Apple effectively raised the white flag in its war against Adobe today , announcing iPad XL — a new iPad specially designed to run Adobe ’s Flash software .
Steve Jobs explained the turnaround at this morning ’s press conference .
“ When I wrote that Thoughts On Flash thing , I was clear about our objections to Flash .
At the end of the day , it ’s just a battery hog .
But as our customers well know , we care what they think .
If Flash is what they want , that ’s what we ’re going to give them .
Adobe could n’t overcome the obstacles with Flash , so we went out and found a partner who could . ”
That partner is Honda .
Their engineering team has invented a mobile power generator that , according to Apple ’s press release , “ integrates perfectly with iPad in form and function . ”
Just insert iPad into the XL ’s side - mounted socket .
The diesel - powered generator starts up automatically , providing ample power to run Flash - dependent websites for up to 22.5 hours on a single tank .
“ Honda has engineered the hell out of this thing , ” added Jobs , “ This is the world ’s quietest combustion engine — only 96 decibels .
The revolutionary iPad XL gives you all the magic of iPad , and makes it possible to run the flashiest and most tasteless Flash sites on earth . ”
i Pad XL ’s unique swiveled handle and wheels make portability a breeze , so it can be moved as easily as a picnic cooler or Sears tool chest .
Apple promises an accessory kit in the fall providing a flexible hose for venting exhaust fumes to any window within 20 feet , making it feasible to use iPad XL in meeting rooms and board rooms .
Can iPhone XL be far behind ?
Sources say that a scaled back version of the iPad XL , perhaps only half the size , is already being tested in the wild .
Keep an eye out for an iPhone in one very large disguising case .
Today ’s Washington Post report on Emily Henochowicz , 21 , the Cooper Union art student blinded in one eye by the Israeli army on May 31 , includes this account :
demonstrators who witnessed the incident said the canister was fired directly at Henochowicz from about 10 to 15 yards away .
She was holding a Turkish flag and was not near the five or so Palestinian youths throwing rocks , the witnesses said .
I thought the flag in the famous picture by Majdi Mohammed was a Palestinian flag .
No :
It was a Turkish flag .
The demonstration was a response to the disastrous flotilla raid during the preceding night .
Is that why the Israelis fired at her ?
The Post piece included an ugly characterization of International Solidarity Movement , which Henochowicz was active in ( as was Rachel Corrie ) :
The group says it ’s committed to using only " nonviolent , direct action methods " in " resisting the Israeli occupation of Palestinian land . "
The Israeli Foreign Ministry , however , has said the ISM sometimes works under the auspices of terrorist groups .
That ’s outrageous , what ’s their evidence ?
There is n’t any .
Or is Israel talking about the Turkish flag ?
A U.S. Senate committee has approved a wide - ranging cybersecurity bill that some critics have suggested would give the U.S. president the authority to shut down parts of the Internet during a cyberattack .
Senator Joe Lieberman and other bill sponsors have refuted the charges that the Protecting Cyberspace as a National Asset Act gives the president an Internet " kill switch . "
Instead , the bill puts limits on the powers the president already has to cause " the closing of any facility or stations for wire communication " in a time of war , as described in the Communications
Act of 1934 , they said in a breakdown of the bill published on the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee Web site .
The committee unanimously approved an amended version of the legislation by voice vote Thursday , a committee spokeswoman said .
The bill next moves to the Senate floor for a vote , which has not yet been scheduled .
The bill , introduced earlier this month , would establish a White House Office for Cyberspace Policy and a National Center for Cybersecurity and Communications , which would work with private U.S. companies to create cybersecurity requirements for the electrical grid , telecommunications networks and other critical infrastructure .
The bill also would allow the U.S. president to take emergency actions to protect critical parts of the Internet , including ordering owners of critical infrastructure to implement emergency response plans , during a cyber-emergency .
The president would need congressional approval to extend a national cyber-emergency beyond 120 days under an amendment to the legislation approved by the committee .
The legislation would give the U.S. Department of Homeland Security authority that it does not now have to respond to cyber- attacks , Lieberman , a Connecticut independent , said earlier this month .
" Our responsibility for cyberdefense goes well beyond the public sector because so much of cyberspace is owned and operated by the private sector , " he said .
" The Department of Homeland Security has actually shown that vulnerabilities in key private sector networks like utilities and communications could bring our economy down for a period of time if attacked or commandeered by a foreign power or cyberterrorists . "
Other sponsors of the bill are Senators Susan Collins , a Maine Republican , and Tom Carper , a Delaware Democrat .
One critic said Thursday that the bill will hurt the nation 's security , not help it .
Security products operate in a competitive market that works best without heavy government intervention , said Wayne Crews , vice president for policy and director of technology studies at the Competitive Enterprise Institute , an antiregulation think tank .
" Policymakers should reject such proposals to centralize cybersecurity risk management , " Crews said in an e-mail .
" The Internet that will evolve if government can resort to a ' kill switch ' will be vastly different from , and inferior to , the safer one that will emerge otherwise . "
Cybersecurity technologies and services thrive on competition , he added .
" The unmistakable tenor of the cybersecurity discussion today is that of government steering while the market rows , " he said .
" To be sure , law enforcement has a crucial role in punishing intrusions on private networks and infrastructure .
But government must coexist with , rather than crowd out , private sector security technologies . "
On Wednesday , 24 privacy and civil liberties groups sent a letter raising concerns about the legislation to the sponsors .
The bill gives the new National Center for Cybersecurity and Communications " significant authority " over critical infrastructure , but does n't define what critical infrastructure is covered , the letter said .
Without a definition of critical infrastructure there are concerns that " it includes elements of the Internet that Americans rely on every day to engage in free speech and to access information , " said the letter , signed by the Center for Democracy and Technology , the American Civil Liberties Union , the Electronic Frontier Foundation and other groups .
" Changes are needed to ensure that cybersecurity measures do not unnecessarily infringe on free speech , privacy , and other civil liberties interests , " the letter added .
Grant Gross covers technology and telecom policy in the U.S. government for The IDG News Service .
Follow Grant on Twitter at GrantusG .
Grant 's e-mail address is grant_gross@idg.com .
With the Canada – European Union summit underway this week , the European Parliament has just passed a resolution that calls on Canada to support even greater ACTA transparency and to shift the negotiations to an international organization such as WIPO .
The full paragraph within the resolution states that the European Parliament :
Hopes that Canada will fully support the EU 's request to open up the ACTA negotiations to public scrutiny , as it requested in its resolution of 10 March 2010 , and to have those negotiations conducted under the auspices of an international organisation , the most suitable being WIPO ;
In the aftermath of its success in promoting release of the ACTA draft text , it is interesting to see the European Parliament becoming increasingly vocal about the ACTA negotiations .
Canada has remained generally silent on these issues and the EP resolution may help coax out a response .
The next major replacements for the Boeing 737 and 777 models might not come from Boeing at all .
MIT researchers recently presented NASA with two models for efficient , low emissions planes–part of a $ 2.1 million research contract awarded to the university by NASA in 2008 .
MIT ’s objective : design quiet subsonic planes that emit 70 % less NOx , burn 70 % less fuel than current models , and have the ability to take off from short runways .
In true MIT style , the university delivered –albeit with designs that completely reimagine the traditional aircraft silhouette .
Two models emerged from MIT ’s research–The 180 - passenger D “ double bubble ” series , intended to replace the Boeing 737 , and the 350 passenger H “ hybrid wing body ” series , a replacement for the Boeing 777 .
MIT elaborates on the flying fish - like D series design :
The engineers conceived of the D series by reconfiguring the tube - and - wing structure .
Instead of using a single fuselage cylinder , they used two partial cylinders placed side by side to create a wider structure whose cross-section resembles two soap bubbles joined together .
They also moved the engines from the usual wing - mounted locations to the rear of the fuselage .
Unlike the engines on most transport aircraft that take in the high - speed , undisturbed air flow , the D - series engines take in slower moving air that is present in the wake of the fuselage .
The D series plane travels 10 % slower than a 737 to reduce drag and cut down on engine stress .
But that does n’t mean flights on the D series will necessarily take too much longer .
The plane ’s wide body allows for quick loading and unloading , which could make up some of the difference .
And while the plane looks startlingly different from current aircraft , it is similar enough in shape to mesh with current airport infrastructure .
The triangular H series plane looks even more odd–probably because it has no tail at all .
MIT explains that the massive center body generates a forward lift that eliminates the need to balance the plane with a tail , leaving us with a design that barely resembles today ’s planes .
The D series and H series models are n’t MIT ’s first attempts at aircraft design .
The Silent Aircraft Initiative , a joint project between MIT and Cambridge University , saw the universities design a plane that is 3,000 times quieter than today ’s models .
Like MIT ’s more recent models , the SAX - 40 looks like some sort of sea creature .
Which makes us wonder :
Why do planes become more biomorphic as they get more efficient ?
New delhi , India
Do n't be surprised if you get transported back in time on your trip to New Delhi .
This city has a way of doing this ... and then bringing you back smack in the middle of a bustling bazaar .
New Delhi is soaked in culture and a history that dates back to Mughal emperors and the various relics they left behind of their time .
Though it may take some time for you to feel like you belong in New Delhi , rest assured as that will happen over time and then you would n't want to live elsewhere !
The hotels in New Delhi offer the best comfort , class and convenience when it comes to hotels in India .
The range of hotel deals these hotels offer is vast and is sure to make you happy !
Even the budget hotels in New Delhi offer the best service quality and a homely atmosphere .
Even after an exciting and eventful day on the town , you will still be raring to go and have some fun when you step foot inside your gorgeous hotel .
There are tons of fun things to do in this fascinating city and lots of interesting places to visit .
Take a trip down into the annals of history by visiting the Red Fort , Humayun 's Tomb , Qutub Minar , Jama Masjid , ISKCON temple , and other important structures .
You will find tons of classy 3 star hotels in New Delhi , if you want to opt for a budget trip .
New Delhi is n't famous just for its historical and religious structures but for the world - famous shopping streets and bazaars .
Janpath , Connaught Place , Sarojini Nagar , Karol Bagh and Chandni Chowk will make all your shopping dreams come true with their wonderfully affordable wares and souvenirs and the variety will just make your mind reel .
There are myriad hotels in New Delhi surrounding these bazaars which make them exceptionally convenient and comfortable .
Some of the top hotels in New Delhi are situated close to these areas , so do check them out .
If you 're looking to visit New Delhi in the future and are looking for the best New Delhi hotel prices , visit Travelguru for a comprehensive list of New Delhi hotels .
Visit Rajpath & India Gate during sun sets .
This is the time when many families gather around India Gate making the atmosphere festive like .
You can always enjoy a Romantic walk towards the setting sun on Rajpath .
As I mentioned in a previous article , I recently ditched shared web hosting and secured a virtual private server ( VPS ) account .
I shopped around , as I encourage you to do , and chose Linode .
The reason ?
They were reasonably cost , my co-worker recommended them and has been impressed with their service , and they have a very good knowledge base .
I have yet to use their support , but I have heard their support is good as well .
With setting up a VPS , support may be key .
Whether it ’s good documentation , a great user base , or tech support , being on your own can be a little scary , so make sure you get some feedback from trusted resources .
Logistics
Setting up an account with Linode was easy .
I did n’t have huge needs so I went with their base package .
At the time of this writing it consisted of paying $ 19.99 with a 10 % discount per month for signing up for a year .
My package has the following specs :
360 MB RAM
16 GB Storage
200 GB transfer
I am going to set up sites for blogging and a low volume forum .
So I ’m not doing anything overly intensive .
I can always upgrade if that ’s the case .
Right now I have used 1GB of the 200 .
After setting up my account with Linode , I had to choose a datacenter where my VPS would be located .
I chose Dallas .
Literally , New Jersey and Dallas locations were within a hundred miles difference to me , and Dallas is in the same time zone .
I went with Dallas .
You have to make sure there is one available in your location preference .
Apparently some locations may fill up and hosting in that datacenter may not be an option .
After giving them your credit card info and choosing a location for your servers home base , it ’s time to consider your future set up .
I got a site up and running only to start over again .
Not a big deal unless you have a site that you ’ve been updating for a couple weeks .
What I ’m saying is , if you ’re not overly invested in time , you can always nuke the server and start over no problem .
In this series of articles it ’s important to know my specific situation because I am merely relaying my experiences to you ; therefore , your situation and setup may be different and I can’t guarantee that all this will be as easy as it was for me .
Current Scenario
My registrar is Godaddy .
At least 6 of my domains are administered through them .
Of those 6 domains , I have domain1 with .net and .com and domain2 with .net and .com .
I have the two .com ’s forwarded to the respected . net ’s along with a third active website at domain3.com .
The sixth domain is dormant and is not being used .
In short :
domain1.net ( active ) – hosting a drupal cms for online community portal
domain1.com ( forward to domain1.net ) => domain1.net
domain2.net ( active ) – hosting wordpress blog and phpbb forums in a subdirectory
domain2.com ( forward to domain2.net ) => domain2.net
domain3.com ( active ) – hosting drupal cms for blogging
End Objective
My end goal was to do the following :
set up VPS server secure VPS server implement LAMP stack on VPS server transfer mysql database (s ) from Godaddy shared hosting to VPS – for domain1. net & domain2.net transfer files from Godaddy shaed hosting to VPS – for domain1. net & domain2.net remove forwards of domain1.com and domain2.com – this will set them up as active sites delete files from domain1.net and domain2.net forward domain1.net to newly set up domain1.com forward domain2.net to newly set up domain2.com
Seems pretty easy , right ?
Doing this can cut down on down - time because we ’re essentially duplicating domains , making sure they both work at their respected .com and .net locations at the same time , and then shutting the original one down .
If the new domain does n’t work right , or we screw something up , visitors will continue to see the original sites .
I ’m one of those people that has started many , many projects and not finished a damn one of them .
I was recently reflecting on the trail of half - baked ideas I ’ve left behind and wondered :
Why is it that I ca n’t seem to see a project through to the end ?
Well , I ’m happy to report I ’m actually getting to a demo- able state with one of my projects !
For those of you that are starter - and - stoppers like I am , here ’s what I ’m doing different .
1. Just Do It !
Way back when , once upon a time , I was a little tyke with a trumpet — I was a band nerd .
My band teacher used to tell me “ you need to practice more ! ” ( I was n’t very good at the trumpet back then ) .
“ But practicing is so boring , ” I would reply .
“ Well , you need to just do it ! ”
The same thing is true here .
Part of the problem is that we read these stories about successful developers loving what they do and the passion that they have for their craft .
We assume that we should feel the same way about our projects !
After all , if you do n’t , you ’re not a very good developer , right ?
If you want to get your project done , you have to actually sit down and do it .
2. Think Small at First
Most people are encouraged by progress .
In software development , progress is measured ( in this phase of development , anyway ) by features that you can show off .
So lets be agile for a second here — we need to think in minimally marketable features .
Before you actually open up your IDE write down your “ goal features ” — 10 or 20 distinct , implementable ( read : reasonable ) features .
Go ahead , write ’em , with check boxes next to them and everything .
Now open up your IDE and start hackin’ away .
Just walk down that list and implement each one of those features the fastest you can .
Do n’t worry so much about architecture , or patterns , or whatever , just pound ’em out .
Now , go back and refactor !
You ’ll be surprised how quickly your project comes together .
3. Force the Obsession
I ’m also the kind of person that ’s always thinking .
Most of the time , these thoughts are pretty damn useless .
Well , it ’s my responsibility to put those thoughts to use .
I just try to think about my project as much as I can .
That way , when I get back to my development environment , I ’m much more excited about implementing the next feature .
4. Work in Small Chunks
If you were to follow me around most nights you would see I get up and sit back down at my computer many times during the night .
I spend 15 - 20 minutes hacking , and get up and go help with dinner , or do the dishes , or whatever .
Over the course of the night I end up putting in two or three hours .
This is probably the same amount of time most other part - timers put in , only mine is spaced out over the course of the evening , not invested all at once .
Obviously there are times , though , that I sit down for large chunks of time to pound out some feature or get the app in to a deployable state .
That is just requisite as part of software development — and not that this is usually forced , a “ well , I gotta do this so I better get it done ” kinda thing .
Protip :
If you have a problem that you need to think on , that ’s a perfect time to get up and walk away for a bit .
You ’d be amazed at what kind of solutions you can come up with .
5. Talk About it Often
This one is new to me — usually I try to keep my projects to myself until I ’m ready to show them off … but , uh , I never got them to a demoable state so uh … not a really great technique , I guess .
Well , this time I ’m tellin ’ everyone I know .
This keeps me motivated as more often then not people are interested in what I ’m doing ( or at least they fake it really well ) .
So , that ’s what I ’ve been doing and it ’s been working out well for me .
Try these out and let me know how it goes , I ’d like to hear if others have the same feedback .
Hollywood , too , has given us gun-toting heroines who look like they shop at Gap Kids in their time off .
In the movie “ Kick - Ass , ” a 13 - year - old actress named Chloë Grace Moretz ( who was 11 when she made the film ) plays a blond - pigtailed girl named Mindy Macready .
Her scary alter ego is Hit - Girl , a foulmouthed tween who wears superhero gear while shooting up bad men ’s brains .
Cue the propriety police !
Image Chloë Grace Moretz is no damsel in distress .
Credit ...
Lionsgate
The violent femme , of course , is an enduring male fantasy , a Lolita who just ca n’t help herself around a gun .
She also does double duty as a symbol of Grrrl power , particularly when she appears in the form of cute - as - a - button crime fighters like the PowerPuff Girls ( cartoon kindergartners whose motto was “ Saving the world before bedtime ” ) .
According to “ The Petite Handbook , ” a fashion guide by Kim Williams Dahlman , to be certifiably petite , a woman has to be 5 feet 4 inches or under , though in the current crop of heroines , many are petite — and young — in spirit only .
“ Petite women are all too often viewed as weak , fragile , delicate , even childlike , ” Ms. Dahlman wrote in an e-mail interview .
Because muscle and aggression are viewed as masculine traits , “ it is unexpected to find great strength and ferocity in a small , petite frame , ” she noted .
These days ( in pop culture , at least ) it ’s becoming more common .
The ultimate pixie with attitude may be Lisbeth Salander , the goth heroine of the Stieg Larsson book thrill - ogy .
Often described as waiflike , she is constantly reducing thugs to a bloody mess .
In the third book in the series , “ The Girl Who Kicked the Hornet ’s Nest , ” Lisbeth is described as “ all alone , five feet tall , thin as a stick ” before taking out a brute in “ a brief orgy of violence . ”
In the Swedish version of the films , Lisbeth is played by Noomi Rapace , a Swedish actress ; in the forthcoming American version of “ The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo , ” the role is reportedly going to Carey Mulligan , who played a teenage ingénue in “ An Education . ”
DUBLIN — Ireland officially exited recession Wednesday , on export - driven gross domestic product growth of 2.7 % during the first quarter , but some observers remained critical of the level of hardship shouldered by taxpayers .
Ireland was the first country in the euro zone to announce that it slid into recession in 2008 , and was one of the worst - performing economies in the currency bloc last year , with GDP contracting 7.1 % .
GDP declined more than 14 % in the two years to the end of 2009 .
Exports ...
One Must Fall 2097
Welcome to One Must Fall 2097 .
This game is an action - fighting game similar to Street Fighter or Mortal Kombat but it has a much more to offer .
Once you 're into the game , you choose your pilot .
Each pilot has different strengths and weaknesses .
You may want one that is faster , or that can take a punch or two , or one that just looks good .
Each pilot needs a good vehicle , or a robot in this case .
You fight other piloted robots .
For victory ,
You gain money , for money , You can buy some upgrades and beat more robots .
The economy part of this game is really simple :-) , but gives new experience from a simple fighting game .
In the background story of the robot - fighting games are multinational corporations .
One such corporation , World Aeronautics and Robotics ( WAR ) , runs the entire show .
WAR was started as a research institute to provide human - assisted robots for space travel .
Their first prototypes were activated in 2009 and were immediately put to use by a conglomeration of companies from Japanamerica to build the first ACTIVE space station .
The HAR's were better than conventional robots in that they were completely operated by a single human whose brain controlled the robot 's systems via remote .
The " pilot " actually " became " the robot for all intents and purposes , but no danger to the pilot was possible .
At the end of 21st century You have a chance to write history .
You 've waited for this night since you were a child .
Fifteen years of training will be used tonight .
The main prize is waiting ...
Developed by : Epic MegaGames , Inc. Epic MegaGames , Inc. , formerly established as Potomac Computer Systems in 1991 released many popular shareware games which generated enough fame among gamers to make enough profit from the sales .
The most popular games are for example Jazz Jackrabbit or One Must Fall : 2097 .
Multiplayer : Lan Platform : Rated : 7 x Current rating : Uploaded by : Anonymous
Your rating : Not rated - login - and rate
Columbia is one of the few places in the world where scientists can research an emerging radiotherapy technique called FLASH , which could drastically shorten radiation treatment for cancer patients .
Hey cats and kittens ,
As some of you might know , I am no longer living at the storied Farmhouse .
To that end , I wo n’t be keeping up with this blog any longer .
While I ’m still committed to food security issues , rabblerousing , and sustainable living , I just do n’t have the time to keep up this blog in any way , shape , or form .
It does n’t help that this is one of three blogs I have , four if you count my Tumblr account , five if you count the fact that I work full - time for the Georgia Straight .
However , if you want to keep up with the further adventures of the Farmhouse , Sir Dan has started a new blog : Farmhouse Animals .
And here ’s how you keep up with me …
I mean , if you ’re into that sort of thing !
The easiest way to keep up with my shenanigans is through my Twitter account .
I twitter like a twit .
My tumblr account : heartbreak hangover .
Yes , it makes me sound like a whiny 17 - year - old girl .
You ’ve been warned .
Sometimes I do real writing , too : check it out on Straight.com .
You ’ll notice my beat is primarily feminist outrage , bitching about commuting by transit , and marijuana .
I ’ve had a lot of fun writing this blog .
I hope you ’ve had fun reading it .
Entführungsfall Maria Bögerl Geld , Schuld , Schweigen
Der Fall der entführten und ermordeten Bankiersfrau Maria Bögerl wird immer verworrener : Der Ehemann der Getöteten und die Polizei schieben sich gegenseitig die Schuld für die gescheiterte Lösegeldübergabe zu - die mitverantwortlich für den Tod der 54 - Jährigen sein könnte .
Sources close to Bloomberg have revealed that Hulu will soon be making its way to the Playstation Network in the form of a paid subscription .
Sources requested not to be identified as the announcement is yet to be made public .
According to the source , users subscribed to PSN would be able to subscribe to a Hulu service that provides on - demand access to current and past seasons of prime - time TV shows from NBC , Fox and ABC .
The subscription fee is expected to be around $ 9.95 a month and an announcement is expected as soon as next week .
Hulu also is in talks with CBS Corp. , Viacom Inc. and Time Warner Inc. to add their TV shows to the website ’s subscription service to provide even more content .
As expected , both Sony and Hulu LLC declined to comment on the matter when contacted .
Hulu has long been rumored for the Xbox 360 , and an announcement was due at this year ’s E3 .
In these troubled financial times , it is important to always keep a tight fist around your expenses !
This is especially true of students , who , while having to struggle with paying for miscellaneous fees of all sorts and sizes by working jobs with meager salaries and allotting time to study , budget is always a primary consideration .
Which is why , despite the fact that big moving companies do provide quality service and can do everything for you hassle free , they usually cost A LOT more than an average student can afford .
The solution , of course , is going with a man and van operations .
Many large scale moving companies will tell you that man and van operations are risky and unprofessional which is , according to them , the reason why they charge significantly lower fees many of these smaller outfits can provide quality removal services in spite of the low price tag .
Curtis Vintage Collection
Just another Your SUPER - powered WP Engine Multisite Install site
Darth Vader Was Mentally Ill , Researchers Say Darth Vader may have suffered from borderline personality disorder .
Jun. 9 , 2010  --
Do n't blame it on the Dark Side .
Anakin Skywalker 's epic transformation into the evil Darth Vader may have been a result of mental illness , according to a group of French psychiatrists and psychologists .
In a paper published in the journal Psychiatry Research , Eric Bui and his colleagues at Toulouse University Hospital have given new meaning to the term " Jedi mind tricks " with their psychoanalysis of why the tragic " Star Wars " hero fell from Jedi grace .
Apparently , he had borderline personality disorder .
As he came of age , Skywalker showed problems with impulsivity , violent outburst , illusions of invincibility and crises of identity , all of which are in line with borderline personality disorder diagnosis , the researchers concluded .
The absence of a father and early separation from his mother set the stage for his later developmental issues , the authors noted , and violent , dissociative events , such as when he kills a tribe of Tuskans in blind revenge , precipitated his turn to the Dark Side .
Indeed , Skywalker exhibited six out of nine of the borderline personality disorder criteria laid out in the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders , fourth edition ( DSM - IV ) , although fitting five is enough for a diagnosis .
What 's more , they argued , because adolescents tend to display some traits of borderline personality disorder during their development , Skywalker 's erratic behavior and struggles with identity may be behind the wild success of the sci - fi saga .
But some U.S. psychiatrists believe the researchers may have jumped the gun .
" Anakin shows borderline traits , but these do not persist into his adulthood , " UCLA child and adolescent psychiatrist Dr. H. Eric Bender said .
The borderline personality traits listed in the paper would have to be " enduring and maladaptive patterns " over the lifetime in order to justify a diagnosis , he added .
When Skywalker made the transformation to Darth Vader , the borderline personality traits did n't really come with him .
In other words , Bender said , he was firm in his identity as a villain .
Therapy Session at Comic -Con
Although he disagreed with the diagnosis , Bender would be the first to approve of the spirit behind the Darth Vader paper .
While a fellow in child psychiatry at UCLA , Bender joined forces with fellow psychiatrists Dr. Vasilis Pozios of Ann Arbor , Mich. , and Dr. Praveen Kambam of Los Angeles to form Broadcast
Thought , an advocacy group that seeks to educate the public about mental illness through fictional characters of the comic book or sci- fi variety .
" We are ' fanboys ' ourselves , " Bender said .
" We love comics " and wanted to use the genre " to examine how mental illness is portrayed in media and how it educates the public . "
In the past year , the trio has spoken at renowned comic book conventions Comic - Con and WonderCon , where they delivered an analysis -- to sold out crowds , no less -- of which Batman villains actually deserved to be in the fictional psychiatric hospital of the series , Arkham Asylum .
" People really have a hunger to learn more about these characters and it's a great opportunity to educate public on the accuracy of depictions of mental health disorders , and in that way , help reduce mental health stigma , " Pozios said .
As for which Batman criminals were actually criminally insane , surprisingly few made the cut .
Maximillian Zeus , who believed himself to be the ancient Greek deity , was deemed mentally ill , considering that delusion .
But the Joker , the notorious Mad Hatter of the Batman series , was not .
Although he had an extreme anti-social personality disorder , his highly planned scheming belies a knowledge of right and wrong .
Were he in the real world , he would likely be put in the slammer , not in the psych ward , they said .
Broadcast
Thought will speak again at this year 's Comic - Con in late July , this time about the effect of trauma on the formation of comic book heroes and villains , such as Batman .
The group will also continue to conduct research on the audiences to whom it speaks to gauge whether its work is actually changing perceptions of mental illness and reducing stigma .
According to preliminary data from their latest talks , it is .
Through Broadcast
Thought , the doctors hope to enact what Bender called a " paradigm shift " in the way the media , be it movies , comics or television , portray mental illness .
" Our hope would be one day that writers and producers and directors say , [ when dealing with a character with mental illness ] , ' What do you mean you did n't consult with psychiatrists ' ? "
Was It the Force or Just a Tough Childhood ?
Still , at issue is whether Darth Vader would have really been better off in a psych ward .
Skywalker portrayed many of the traits of the disorder as a youth , but even in the world of fictional " diagnoses , " the French paper may be pushing the limits of diagnosis , psychiatrists say .
" It 's important to note that any person , when put in highly stressful situations , may display certain traits , such as impulsivity , which are associated with borderline personality disorder , " UCLA 's Bender said .
But one time period in a person 's life is not enough to justify a diagnosis , especially if that is a highly stressful period early on in life .
" Teenagers are impulsive and can practice risky behavior , " said Dr. Sue Varma , assistant professor of psychiatry at the N.Y.U. Langone School of Medicine .
" They are trying to find out who they are and in playing around with identities , they show characteristics similar to borderline , " she said .
" But this is not enough for a diagnosis .
Most teens come out the other side by their 20s . "
That Skywalker came out the other side a villain did n't mean he was still grappling with the identity crises of his early Jedi years , Bender noted .
Bender believes that narcissistic personality disorder might be a better diagnosis because of some of the traits , such as delusions of grandeur and an obsession with power , seen in the later three films , as well as the first three .
Although made with good intentions , the comic comparisons may have an unfortunate flip side , however .
While explaining the disorders of fictional villains may help educate the public , comparisons to loathed characters also run the risk of increasing the stigma .
" Being likened to Darth Vader can be pretty stigmatizing as well , " psychiatrist Pozios said .
" You have to be careful [ and ] responsible with how you present these comparisons .
You do n't want people with borderline personality disorder to be labeled ' Darth Vaders . ' "
Animated Black Panther Debuts June 23
Weekly Series on iTunes , Xbox LIVE , Zune and PS Network
Marvel Knights Animation has announced that it 's long - awaited Black Panther : Who is the Black Panther ?
animated series will debut on June 23 .
The 12 - episode series will run weekly on iTunes , Xbox LIVE , Microsoft Zune and the PlayStation Network .
Check out two screen shots from the series below .
The series is based on the comic book story - arc of the same name written by Reginald Hudlin and drawn by John Romita , Jr. Black Panther : Who is the Black Panther ?
retells the origin of T'Challa and his fight to avenger the murder of his father at the hands of Klaw .
In the series , Black Panther is voiced by Academy Award nominee Djimon Hounsou with Alfre Woodard , Kerry Washington , Jill Scott , Carl Lumby and Stan Lee rounding out the cast .
From Marvel.com :
" The positive responses to news of the show have been so overwhelming , it 's great to finally make the Black Panther series available to everyone , " said Hudlin .
" Audiences get caught up on many levels - seeing John Romita Jr's art come to life ; the quality of the voice work by an award winning cast ; the boldness of the politics , the music and humor .
But see it for yourself ! "
What did you think of the Who is the Black Panther ?
storyline in the comic series and will you be downloading the animated series ?
Our site uses cookies and other technologies to improve your experience and understand how you and other visitors use our site .
" In 2005 , Melanie Williams was seven months pregnant when she began bleeding .
She promptly called 911 and asked for ambulance , fearful that she might faint - or worse , lose her child .
But before she could give them her address , dispatchers lost the call .
That 's when Williams decided she had no time to spare and decided to drive herself to the hospital .
More concerned with her immediate medical condition , Williams did n't bother to stop at a red light , forcing a Jacksonville police officer to pull her over .
Williams stopped and when the officer approached her car , she told him what was going on .
Unfortunately , she was n't graced by the most understanding of police officers .
As he dilly dallied with paperwork , Williams 's bleeding grew worse .
Instead of waiting for him to finish writing up her ticket , she took off for St. Vincent Hospital .
When Williams finally made into the waiting room , the officer followed her inside , threw her to the ground and then put his foot on her neck in order to keep her on the ground .
He then removed Williams from the emergency room and placed her in his squad car as she cried and screamed for help . "
This was featured as Zane Loweâ€™s â€ ˜Hottest Record in the Worldâ€™ last night .
Swoon which is officially released as a single on the 9th May , is taken from their album Further , which is released a week later on June 14th .
Enjoy !
When the sun comes out so do the golden ales , but there 's also a place by the barbecue for darker beers and British lagers .
What 's your summer favourite and where do you drink it ?
After a dark winter the beers of spring re-engaged the tastebuds with more vibrant hops than a lamb leaping with seasonal joy .
Now summer has come around it's all about friends , beaches , barbecues , and beer gardens .
Nothing hits the spot like a cool pint in the sun .
Summer is the time for breweries to appeal to new customers and non-ale drinkers in search of something different , and the golden , fruity , easy - going beers of the season are made for the job ( in part because they look like lagers ) .
Brewed to taste of something more tangible than ' drinkability ' and ' refreshment ' , golden ales are the summer staple - sweet and biscuity to begin , then crisply hopped , full of fruity and floral flavours , with a quenching finish leaving you wanting more .
Hop Back 's Summer Lightning ( 5.0 % abv ) is the daddy of golden ales .
Made from Maris Otter malt and hopped with East Kent Goldings , its introduction in the 1980s was a parting - of - the - clouds moment in British brewing history , a bridge between the best bitters of Britain and the popular pale lagers of continental Europe .
It 's a great summer pint for drinking outdoors surrounded by the smells and sounds of summer ( think elderflower , blossom , fresh cut grass – the beer tastes like the season ) .
It makes an ideal match with Nigel Slater 's pork or chicken burgers .
If you 're in Scotland then look out for Fyne Ales ' Somerled ( 4.0 % abv ) , a made - for - summer brew , golden and delicious , or Fyne 's Avalanche ( 4.5 % abv ) , hopped with zesty Cascades it 's a delicious beer , and both are a Thai curry 's dream .
Jump to the south of England and Badger Brewery 's summer seasonal is Lemony Cricket ( 4.4 % abv ) , an ale brewed with lemongrass ; light , citrusy and refreshing and ideal with spicy grilled prawns .
Dark Star 's HopHead ( 3.8 % abv ) is what warm beer gardens were made for , while their summer seasonals of Sunburst ( a 4.8 % abv golden ale ) and Summer Meltdown ( 4.8 % abv , brewed with stem ginger for extra zing ) , mark Dark Star out yet again as seasonal superstars – all are great with jerk or barbecue chicken .
Hop Back 's Summer Lightning .
Of course , lager is good too , and there are some excellent British lagers , uniquely some of them are also cask - conditioned .
Harviestoun 's Schiehallion ( 4.8 % abv ) leads the way , zesty and herby thanks to the use of Challanger , Styrian Goldings , and Hallertau Hersbrücker hops , it 's packed with flavour and excellent with seafood risottos , pastas or charmoula mackerel .
BrewDog ( another Scottish brewery - if you want good micro - brewery beer go to Scotland , see also : Orkney , Tryst and Williams Brothers ) make 77 Lager ( 4.9 % abv ) , hopped with Amarillo and Motoeka , it 's closer to a US pale ale than Czech pilsener , but the fruity aroma and punchy bitterness make this a favourite fridge - filler to drink straight from the bottle , especially with pizza .
Meantime Brewery in Greenwich produce a great range of kegged lagers , perfect for drinking by the Thames in the new Old Brewery .
Their Kolner , Helles , Pilsner and Union are stylistically ( in both the brewing and fashion senses ) spot on ; uncomplicated and crisp they make excellent choices to accompany the fish and chips served in the restaurant or with salads and grilled meats .
Wheat beers , or weissbiers , have a wonderful savoury edge and often hints of flavours not commonly associated with beer , including coriander , clove , smoke , bubblegum and citrus peel .
As Garrett Oliver explains in The Brewmaster 's Table :
" Whatever you 're having for brunch , lunch or dinner , the odds are going to be pretty good that weissbier will match it .
This beer is dancingly light on the palate yet packed with flavour and aroma , highly effervescent and brisk yet low in bitterness . "
Harvey 's June seasonal is Copperwheat , with hints of orange and spice it 's easy drinking and full flavoured , and Cains Brewery 's July special is an Organic Wheat , fruity , spicy and floral .
Spanish tortilla , tomato salad , sushi , herb - roasted fish , Chinese noodles ... the whole culinary world is a wheat beer 's oyster .
Obviously , all of these beers are also great with a barbecue because every beer is great with a barbecue .
By the same token it 's not just the light beers which work , dark ales can still be enjoyed in the summer , especially with grilled meat where roasted malt flavours chime with the charred barbecued bits .
A dark mild such as Thwaites ' Very Nutty Black ( 3.9 % abv ) is an excellent example : low in hops but high in smooth caramel and chocolate flavour , it lends itself to refreshment while both turning and scoffing the sausages .
And while we 're on the subject we should n't neglect the ultimate recipe : Beer Can Chicken .
Of course , as touched upon last week in this post by Michael Booth , and ignoring all of the above the best summer beer in the world is an ice cold Mythos served in a frosted glass on a hot Greek beach , preferably with calamari so fresh it 's practically still swimming ( inside a lemon - squirted batter bathing suit ) .
Summer is perfect for tasty , uncomplicated fruity and floral thirst - quenchers that leave you wanting more ; pints or bottles shared with friends while sitting in the sun and relaxing .
What 's your summer seasonal beer of choice , and is it the same as your ultimate barbecue beer ?
After a phone conversation I had just had with Nordstrom concerning their unnatural Photoshop job on a Ralph Lauren model , they sent over this statement :
" When we first heard about Tavi 's blog post , we wanted to be responsive so we quickly posted what we thought was an accurate statement about the photo in question and our overall approach to retouching .
We 've since learned that we misspoke and we want to take this opportunity to correct what we said .
For the sake of clarity , as we previously mentioned , the orange t- shirt photo was indeed retouched : we smoothed out the model 's nipples , removed a few wrinkles from the pants and shirt and punched up the shirt 's color .
In addition , as some of you pointed out , we also smoothed out her left hip ( something that we neglected to originally mention ) .
After taking a closer look at the final image , we think the smoothing was a bit heavy - handed and we 're disappointed with the result .
We also said in our response that we have a policy against " thinning or thickening " models .
That 's not the case .
It turns out that we do n't have a consistent policy on this .
Actually , there have been times when we have " thickened " or added weight to a model or " thinned " a model by smoothing out bulges that may distort the shape of the clothes .
It 's not a common practice for us , but we have done it on a case - by - case basis when we think it will make an image and the clothing we 're featuring look better or more true to life .
Bottom - line is this : our goal is to best represent the merchandise we offer for our customers .
We recognize that there are many opinions on how to accomplish that .
At the end of the day , we are humans who are reviewing and editing the images so we will never be perfect .
Sometimes mistakes will be made .
It 's clear through all the feedback we 've received that this is a subject our customers care a lot about and we appreciate the opportunity to be a part of the conversation .
We 're working to make sure we have a more clear internal standard for our approach to retouching .
We 've learned a lot over the past few days and we 'll continue to look for ways to improve in this area in the future . "
​ Two Texas parents are out on bond Wednesday morning after being arrested for giving marijuana to their one - year - old son .
A witness said Julio Garcia , 20 , of Grapevine , Texas , was in his apartment smoking pot from a bong , then putting the bong up to the mouth of his 13 - month - old son , who was sitting in his lap , according to police .
The mother , 19 - year - old Brenda Duran , was also in the room but did not try to intervene , police said , reports Dawn Tongish of The 33 News
Police took the baby to a local hospital and released him to the custody of his grandparents , according to LEX18.com .
The child will reportedly “ undergo testing . ”
He is , of course , expected to be fine .
Both parents face child endangerment charges .
Garcia also is being charged for the ounce of marijuana found in his apartment .
The maximum punishment for endangering a child , a felony , is two years in prison .
Eric Wilhelm : the fundamental unit of reuse is the loop .
Me : the fundamental unit of encapsulation is the lexical scope .
Perl 5 had a lot of goals .
It was most effective in encouraging the development of custom extensions ( see also CPAN , The ) .
It has been less effective in its greater goal : encouraging the development of local language modifications .
You can trace the primary goal of Perl 6 ( and the primary goal of Perl 6 is n't merely cleaning up inconsistencies of Perl 1 - 5 and Unix ) to this design goal of Perl 5 .
Perl 6 adds a lot of great features , like multiple dispatch and function signatures and a powerful object system built on roles and hyperoperators .
Perl 6's biggest and most important feature is grammars and rules .
If you look at Perl 5 a particular way , pragmas such as strict make a sublanguage ( or a pidgin ) , in this case by restricting the possibilities of the code you could write to a smaller set of valid code .
Of course , you can make the same argument for anything which exports symbols into another namespace , but then you annoy the people who think that writing APIs makes them elite DSL creators .
The most interesting feature of the strict pragma is that its effect is lexical .
A lexical scope encapsulates language modifications from strict .
That pidgin does not escape into outer scopes .
Extrapolate to Perl 6 .
( If you 've worked with macros in C or C+ + or source filters in Perl 5 , note that they have file scope , unless you have a flash of brilliance or obsessive attention to detail to restrict their scope .
That 's a pale shadow of Perl 6 grammars , and that 's one reason Perl 6 implementation takes a while : you have to invent a grammar engine which allows arbitrary customization of tokens and precedence and productions in a composable and lexical fashion . )
... and it all builds on the notion of lexical scoping .
This student created video is the follow - up to the in - class body collage assignment that begged the question , “ What does a real woman look like ? ” ( See The Daily Femme for their analysis of the body collage project , Questioning the Magazine Industry ’s Ideal of Female Beauty Through the Power of Photographs ) .
The students ’ statement about their project :
Today we ’re inundated with images of a false reality that concentrate on one ideal form of beauty .
Altering images via Photoshop , ultimately exposes us to millions of images are not “ real . ”
Our project takes a look at the dangers of the media , from Photoshopping to white - washing to an emphasis on an unattainable perfection .
Collectively , the images in the media do not represent the diversity found in the larger population ; not all women are tall , thin , white , heterosexual or young .
And in real life , nobody is Photoshopped .
Where are representations of “ real ” women ?
The advertising industry sells us images directly aimed women ’s mounting insecurities .
The for - profit consumer culture exploits these insecurities and rakes in billions of dollars each year .
Ultimately , these images dehumanize , hypersexualize and disempower women .
Having struggled with our own body image issues and eating disorders , we know first hand the amount of pressure the media can exert on women and the psychological and physical costs .
We wanted to address the serious nature of these issues and focus on the importance of a healthy body image .
Part of our video was inspired by our in - class project , the body collage that covered two walls from floor to ceiling with images of women in the print media .
We were shocked to see the onslaught of these homogeneous all at once .
This experience inspired our project as well as the Feminist Majority Foundation campaign , “ This is what a feminist looks like . ”
Ultimately , our statement “ this is what a real woman looks like ” is a reaction to the exclusion of women in the mass media and the erasing of age , race and authenticity as a result of the standard industry practice of altering women that already reflect an incredibly small percentage of the population .
The video is a mosaic of our own stories ; our struggles with our own body image , our relationship with our bodies and our message of self - love and acceptance .
The Curious Trial of Pope Benedict XVI
Image via Wikipedia
How do you atone for something terrible , like the Inquisition ?
Joseph Ratzinger attempted to do just that for the Roman Catholic Church during a grandiose display of Vatican penance — the Day of Pardon on March 12 , 2000 , a ritual presided over by Pope John Paul II and meant to purify two millenniums of church history .
In the presence of a wooden crucifix that had survived every siege of Rome since the 15th century , high - ranking Cardinals and bishops stood up to confess to sins against indigenous peoples , women , Jews , cultural minorities and other Christians and religions .
Ratzinger was the appropriate choice to represent the fearsome Holy Office of the Inquisition : the German Cardinal was , at the time , head of its historical successor , the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith .
When his turn came , Ratzinger , the church ’s premier theologian , intoned a short prayer that said “ that even men of the church , in the name of faith and morals , have sometimes used methods not in keeping with the Gospel in the solemn duty of defending the truth . ”
If you detect ambivalence in those words , you are on the road to understanding the difficulty Ratzinger — now Pope Benedict XVI — faces in leading the Catholic Church to properly atone for another stain on its history : the decades of cases of child abuse by priests and cover-ups by their bishops .
And while a well - placed Cardinal has publicly speculated that Benedict will deliver a mea culpa in early June , the words of that apology — if that is what it proves to be — will be severely limited by theology , history and the very person and office of the Pope .
It is unlikely to satisfy the many members of Benedict ’s flock who want a very modern kind of accountability , not just mealymouthed declarations buttressed by arcane religious philosophy .
“ Someone once told me that if the church survived the Inquisition , it can survive this , ” says Olan Horne , 50 , an American victim of priestly abuse .
“ But these are different times .
And right now , the modern world is wrapping its head around the Catholic Church in a major way . ”
( See pictures of the path of Pope Benedict XVI . )
The crisis facing the church is deeply complicated by the fact that in 1980 , as Archbishop of Munich , the future Benedict XVI appears to have mismanaged the assignment of an accused pedophile priest under his charge .
That revelation — and questions about Ratzinger ’s subsequent oversight of cases as a top Vatican official — has been the trigger in turning a rolling series of national scandals into an epic and existential test for the universal church , its leader and its faithful alike .
It has blunted Benedict ’s ambitious enterprise of re-evangelizing Europe , the old Christendom .
Over the past two months , the Pope has led the Holy See ’s shift from silence and denial to calls to face the enemies from within the church .
What is still missing , however , is any mention of the Holy Father ‘s alleged role in the scandal .
Can the Pope , the living embodiment of the ancient Gospel and absolute spiritual leader of the world ’s 1.2 billion Catholics , publicly atone for his sins and yet preserve the theological impregnability of the papacy ?
Without alluding to the crisis , Benedict told his May 26 audience in St. Peter ’s Square that “ not even the Pope can do what he wants .
On the contrary , the Pope is the guardian of obedience to Christ , to his Word . ”
Benedict now seems to understand the stakes .
But Alberto Melloni , a church historian at the University of Modena , says other power brokers in the Vatican think the church can just ride out the storm .
“ They do n’t realize the deep bitterness among the faithful , the isolation of the clergy .
We ca n’t predict where this is going to wind up . ”
Speaking to TIME , a senior Vatican official foresees immense consequences for the entire church .
“ History comes down to certain key episodes , ” he says .
“ We ’re facing one of those moments now . ”
( See the top 10 religion stories of 2009 . )
At the Heart of the Darkness
In the end , the test is not about doctrine or dogma , not even about the wording of mea culpas and the resignation or prosecution of prelates .
It is , rather , about the voices of children finally crying out , long after their childhood .
Listen to Bernie McDaid ’s story and you will know why St. Peter ’s trembles .
“ He grabbed me , tickling and wrestling like I did with my dad , and I thought at first it was fun , ” McDaid , who grew up in Salem , Mass . , says of a parish priest .
“ But then something changed … He started grabbing my genitals .
I felt him rubbing against me from behind … I was so scared .
I knew this was so wrong .
I looked out the window .
I started praying . ”
That would happen again and again over three years .
McDaid ’s devout mother was delighted whenever the priest arrived to pick up her son , just 11 when the abuse started , to join other boys on trips to the beach .
But , recalls McDaid , now 54 , “ the last boy out of the car was the one who would get molested . ”
He finally spoke to his dad , who then took him to a priest from the next town to report what had happened .
“ We waited for months .
Then there was a rotation of priests .
He left , but they made it look like a natural progression .
They celebrated him with cake and ice cream . ”
The boy was left in silence and with his secret shame .
The priest , Father Joseph Birmingham , went on to abuse boys in three other parishes in the Boston area before he died in 1989 .
Many thanks to TIME
See the top 10 Jesus films of all time .
Related articles by Zemanta
This wonderful work has done by a very talented Belgian painter , illustrator , portraitist , caricaturist and photographer Ben Heine .
This creative artist was born in Abidjan , Ivory Coast .
He Studied graphic arts and sculpture and I also have a degree in journalism .
Lets take a look at some of his awesome works that he calls “ Drawing Vs Photography ” or “ Imagination Vs Reality ” .
I 've decided to do something different with the title , as well as with the subject of today 's profile .
Every profile that I have done so far - Kenny Agostino , Petr Straka , Beau Bennett , Ryan Spooner , and Charlie Coyle - have all been forwards .
Why not a defenseman ?
Why not the son of former NHL defenseman , Jeff Beukeboom ?
Why not Brock Beukeboom ?
Brock Beukeboom - D - 6 '1 " 202 lbs. - CSS Rank : 41 - Hometown : Uxbridge , Ontario ( Source : NHL.com )
2009 - 10 Team : Sault Ste. Marie Greyhounds - 66 GP - 7 G - 19 A - 26 Pts. - 64 PIM
Brock Beukeboom is ranked to go in the second round , but who knows how far he is up on the Devils ' own chart ?
Before you write in the comments about how you do n't want another defenseman , you should consider that a good number of the Devils ' defensive prospects are n't going to be prospects for much longer , like Mark Fraser , Anssi Salmela , Tyler Eckford , and Matt Corrente .
They 're young , but they 'll soon be at least 4 years from their draft date .
Adding another defender to the system could n't hurt .
Let 's find out more about Buekeboom after the jump .
Beukeboom played his minor hockey for the Uxbridge Stars and the Central Ontario Wolves .
It was while he was playing for the Wolves and under the coaching tutelage of his father that he moved from wing to defense -- his first OHL season was his first full season on defense .
There are two ways of looking at this .
1 ) This explains why he's not ranked to go high at all .
Beukeboom is still relatively new to the position .
As if it 's difficult enough to project how a player will perform in a few years , now one has to consider that he 's still learning his role .
A role that relies heavily on positioning , timing , and decision making and requires a lot of experience to begin with .
2 ) It makes this quote from the Greyhound 's coach , Denny Lambert , much more impressive :
“ Brock has made strides in his second season with our hockey club .
He has developed into a solid two - way player who contributes , and logs a lot of ice time as part of playing in all key situations ( 5 - on - 5 , 4 - on - 4 etc . ) .
He possesses a skating ability that allows him to skate himself out of trouble with ease .
Offensively he has the ability to jump up in the play , support it and create odd man rushes .
Passes the puck extremely well and has a very hard shot from the point .
Has the ability to shut down the top players in the OHL .
He has a great attitude and works hard both on and off the ice .
He will be a future leader . ”
Central Scouting Services ' Chris Edwards praises him similarly , and it may help why his rank shot up from 63 at midterm to 41 .
The bloodlines may not hurt .
Jeff Beukeboom was never a top defenseman , but he did play 804 NHL games and he was very mean and very physical .
This article in the Windsor Star , written by Jim Matheson of the Edmonton Journal , notes the family connection while highlighting what makes Brock different .
Here 's a choice bit from the article , including a rather telling quote from Brock :
Brock , who is a much better skater than his dad and can really hammer the puck , stands just over six feet and weighs 205 pounds .
He likes to get involved like Jeff did , which is definitely what the Oilers could use .
They have a lot of puck - moving types on the back - end .
" If I do n't play physical every game I 'm going to be an average player , at best , " admitted Brock , a candidate for Canada 's under - 20 world junior team after two trips with the under - 18 squad .
The references to his father continue in this video from NHL.com about Brock .
In it , Central Scouting 's director E.J. McGuire believes that he picked up some of those physical tendencies from his dad and that will help him get into the NHL some day .
Should that hold true , then Brock would do well to make sure he 'll play physical every night without a second thought .
It 's true that Brock Beukeboom does have a hard shot .
He won the hardest shot competition at the CHL Top Prospects skills competition , per this short report from Durham Region ( including a cute quote from Brock ) .
That he can skate well falls in line with what his coach said about Brock .
So why is n't he ranked any higher ?
For starters , let 's consider the last part of that bit I quotes - Brock Beukeboom represented Canada at the U - 18 level at both the 2009 Ivan Hlinka Memorial Tournament and the 2010 World U - 18 championships .
The Hlinka tournament went well for Canada as they won it .
Beukeboom put up a goal , an assist , and two minor penalties in 4 games .
The World U - 18s went completely awry for Canada , as they fell to the relegation round and survived by winning both games .
Beukeboom got an assist and a minor penalty , but here 's the concerning stat : he only played 4 games .
Canada played 6 games in that tournament .
Beukeboom was not on the roster for either of the two games in the relegation round .
Either he was injured or he got scratched ; and if it 's the latter , that is a very bad sign .
It 's one thing to be part of a poor team , but to be scratched in the middle of the tournament suggests to me that the player was a reason the team was poor .
I did n't see either tournament , so I could be dead wrong - and for Brock 's sake , I hope I am .
If he 's still in Canada 's plans for the WJCs , then perhaps it 's just a bump in the road in terms of his international career .
Still , I can't imagine that his draft stock would n't have been higher with a better performance at the World U - 18s ( something that can be said for the entire Canadian team , though ) .
Some other profiles on Brock 's game highlight other issues that help explain why he 's ranked as a mid-second round pick as opposed to an early one .
First , there 's this profile from Alex Tran at Maple Leafs Hot Stove .
Do read the whole thing as it sums up Brock Beukeboom into strengths and weaknesses .
The strengths fall in line with earlier quotes in this post , so here are the weaknesses .
Weaknesses :
The knock on Beukeboom is his lack of high end hockey sense and that he ’s prone to the occasional mental errors , often resulting in turnovers or blown defensive coverage .
You like to see a kid experimenting out there on the ice and taking the odd risk with the puck , but there is evidence that there is still quite a bit of development time in Brock ’s immediate future .
The defensive positioning is average at this point , and like most junior defensemen , he needs to continue to exert himself physically on a regular basis .
When I read this , I can't help but think back to that part of Brock 's scouting profile at NHL.com that states that his first full season as a defenseman happened when he went to the OHL .
The lack of hockey sense , the mental errors , and the positioning could all very well be the result of a lack of experience .
More experience may see Brock improve in those areas .
Given Brock 's own statement on needing to be more physical , I 'm just going to hope he 'll follow his words in coming seasons .
That all said , I do agree with Tran 's overall conclusion that he 'll be selected well before the third round .
Let 's continue on to the Scouting Report , who ranked him 55th on their list of prospects .
Here 's the short summary on him :
Beukeboom exploded out of the gates this season before cooling down and now settling in as a projected late second round pick .
He ’s got a lot of good skills , but has struggled to find an identity in his game .
When he uses his size and physicality more , he ’s a lot more effective as a reliable two - way defenseman who can chip in offensively as well .
On the one hand , I 'm heartened that Brock 's own short statement about his game is validated by outside observers .
On the other hand , am I to interpret that when Brock is n't being physical , he 's not at all effective ?
Is physical play really the major key or is it a sign that he needs to develop different ways to get involved in a game ?
Given that Beukeboom played in the OHL , Ryan Yessie and Brock Otten of OHL Prospects have ranked him accordingly .
( As an aside , I did n't see Otten 's ranking for Spooner , but if you must know , Otten likes Spooner . )
Both figured him at about the same spot in their ranking of the top 50 OHL prospects for the upcoming draft .
Otten ranked Beukeboom 15th and wrote this short summary of him :
Bloodlines are important for the NHL draft , and Beukeboom surely has strong ones thanks to his father , former Oiler and Ranger Jeff Beukeboom .
Brock does n't quite have his father 's size , nor is he as mean , but there are similarities .
In the first part of the season , Beukeboom was playing very well at both ends of the ice and was being mentioned as a possible late first rounder .
But he became wildly inconsistent in the second half .
At times he looks like a strong two way defenseman who takes the body , can handle forwards off the rush and make a good first pass .
But at other times he struggles to find his positioning ( especially against quicker forwards ) and looks unsure of whether he should try to use the body or make the safer stick check .
Maybe we 're looking at a defenseman who 's trying to live in the shadow of his father ( one of the meanest defenseman of the last twenty years ) and is n't comfortable playing that type of game ?
I like the potential and I think Beukeboom develops into a quality NHL defender , but I 've liked his teammate Brandon Archibald better all season long .
Yessie went one spot higher , placing Beukeboom 15th on his own rankings :
Scouting Report : Beukeboom is a physically intimidating opponent , who is smart positionally .
Beukeboom has the ability to deliver punishing checks , without sacrificing position to do so .
Beukeboom ’s game seems designed around protecting his own net , and he does so well .
He has some limited offensive potential , but Beukeboom ’s gift lies in his already capable positional play combined with the fact he can potentially grow to 6 ’ 3 ” - 215 lbs .
Beukeboom could afford to improve his skating , however like Silas two spots ahead , Beukeboom will likely be a lower end top 4 defenceman on an NHL blue line .
Both summaries provide two different looks at Beukeboom .
Otten saw an inconsistent defenseman .
Yessie saw a defenseman who was good in his own zone , but not so good with his skating and does n't come with much offensive potential .
Yet , both feel he 'll develop into a NHL defenseman .
There are three consistent points that I can say between all of these reports and quotes and profiles and so forth .
First , Beukeboom needs to play physical hockey more consistently .
He says it himself and observers seem to agree .
Second , Beukeboom needs more experience - I leave it to you to determine whether it's to make him more consistent or to improve a defensive game that is still improving .
He is a prospect , after all , and it can only serve to help him .
Third , it seems that not many are doubting that he 'll make it into the NHL .
Part of that may be because his dad had a long NHL career and he did n't have some of Brock 's skills .
Part of that may be because that while Brock is raw , if he can be a more physical player - and again , that 's teachable - then it will go a long way to having him compete for some role in the league .
His upside is n't all that high , but he 's not a boom - or - bust prospect either .
So should the Devils look for him at 38th overall ?
Maybe ?
There may be big defensemen in the system , but perhaps not as many physical defensemen .
If the scouts agree with some of these other profiles and quotes , they could see Beukeboom as a safe pick and that would n't be too bad .
At the same time , his inexperience at the position combined with his poor World U - 18 showing and seemingly low upside ( second pairing defenseman ? ) may make him a reach at 38th overall .
I can't help but feel that if the Devils did n't swap second round picks with Atlanta and were lower , then I 'd be more satisfied with the idea of picking Beukeboom .
That 's my take , but now it 's your turn .
Have you seen Brock Beukeboom play and can confirm or deny what others have said about him ?
Is there any additional insight you can add to what Beukeboom could become in the future ?
Do you think he would be a good pick for the Devils ?
Was there anything I missed ?
Please let me know in the comments .
A woman uses an Automated Teller Machine ( ATM ) in Los Angeles in 2008 .
Computer security researchers are heading to Las Vegas with a software hack that gets bank teller machines to spew out cash jackpots .
Computer security researchers are heading to Las Vegas with a software hack that gets bank teller machines to spew out cash jackpots .
Barnaby Jack of IOActive is slated to give a " Jackpotting Automated Teller Machines " presentation at the Black Hat USA security conference in Sin City in late July .
" I 've always liked the scene in ' Terminator 2 ' where John Connor walks up to an ATM , interfaces his Atari to the card reader and retrieves cash from the machine , " Jack said at the Black Hat website .
" I think I 've got that kid beat . "
The researcher promised to bring two new model ATM machines from a pair of major vendors to demonstrate local and remote software attacks that result in large payouts .
Jack said he was originally going to reveal his findings at Black Hat in Las Vegas last year but that talk was " pulled at the last minute due to circumstances beyond my control . "
" The upside to this is that there has been an additional year to research ATM attacks , and I 'm armed with a whole new bag of tricks , " he added .
IOActive told AFP on Friday that the manufacturers of vulnerable ATM machines have been alerted to the problem and that Jack 's presentation will include ways to protect machines against attacks .
( c ) 2010 AFP
LustyExplorer is a fast and responsive way to manage files and buffers .
It includes both a filesystem explorer and a buffer switcher through a common interface .
It ’s like find - file crossed with iswitchb or Interactively DoThings , but with a larger and more easily readable dedicated window for matches instead of the minibuffer .
Here 's a 3.4 MB animated gif showing it in action ( Note : 2.0 + uses fuzzy matching instead of tab completion )
After copying the file into your load - path , put this in your .emacs :
( require ' lusty - explorer )
Launch the explorer with one of these commands :
M-x lusty - file - explorer M-x lusty - buffer - explorer
As you type a name , the list updates using a fuzzy matching algorithm .
Press RET or TAB to select the highlighted match , or C-n / C - p to highlight the next / previous match
LustyExplorer is based on the Vim plugin of the same name .
Contents Download Changelist Discussion
Download
Lisp:lusty-explorer.el
Development repository
Changelist
Version 2.4 :
Add defcustom lusty - idle - seconds - per - refresh - wait for key presses in lusty - file - explorer for ( by default ) 50 milliseconds before initiating match window updates .
Makes things more manageable for fast typers navigating directories having many thousands of files .
Thanks to René Kyllingstad .
- wait for key presses in for ( by default ) 50 milliseconds before initiating match window updates .
Makes things more manageable for fast typers navigating directories having many thousands of files .
Thanks to René Kyllingstad .
Consider buffer use order when determining the order of buffer matches in the window .
By default , has a 10 % effect on weighting .
Fiddle with lusty - buffer - MRU - contribution .
.
Like iswitchb , give match priority to buffers not currently visible .
Version 2.3 :
For iswitchb congruity , C-s / C-r : select next / previous match .
congruity , / : select next / previous match .
Buffer explorer : put current buffer at end of matches list for more intuitive switching .
Thanks to Alex Schroeder .
Buffer explorer : sort first by fuzzy matching score , then by most recently used .
More intuitive action on RET key press , to differentiate from TAB .
Thanks to René Kyllingstad .
key press , to differentiate from .
Thanks to René Kyllingstad .
Minor performance improvement .
Version 2.2 :
New keys : C-f : move highlight to next column .
C-b : move highlight to previous column .
C-x e : open a new buffer with current name .
C-x d : launch dired at the currently viewed directory .
Fix processing of completion - ignored - extensions .
. Minor performance improvement .
Version 2.1 :
Vast performance improvement .
Fixed sort order of matches .
Smarter match layout algorithm ; faster , and makes better use of available space .
Print TRUNCATED indicator reliably .
Determine maximum window height reliably .
List buffers in MRU order when first presented .
Version 2.0 :
Introduced a flex / fuzzy matching algorithm , LiquidMetal .
Added custom keymap and setup hook .
Faster implementation of lusty - columnize .
Thanks to Volkan Yazici .
Catch an error when enlarging the completions buffer .
Many small changes .
Version 1.0.2 :
Fixed a bug in completion - ignored - extensions matching .
Thanks to Hugo Schmitt .
Version 1.0.1 :
Made the completion window more useable in multi- window configurations .
Thanks to Jan Rehders .
Fixed two bugs in computing optimal completion content layout .
Discussion
CategoryBufferSwitching CategoryFiles CategoryCompletion
Diese Website benutzt Cookies .
Wenn Sie die Website weiter nutzen , gehen wir von ihrem Einverständnis aus .
One thing we horse owners have plenty of is horse hair , especially as your horse sheds out .
Who knew that this hair is now considered a renewable resource that can be used to help absorb the crude oil spilled in the Gulf of Mexico ?
A San Francisco - based charity , Matter of Trust , collects hair to use in home made booms that are used to absorb oil .
Apparently hair is ideal for this purpose : the ridged texture that helps hair soak up natural skin oils also makes it effective at collecting crude .
Matter of Trust uses hair from people and animals to create hair mats .
They also create booms by stuffing pantyhose with hair .
Matter of Trust is appealing to hair salons , pet groomers and individuals to donate hair to the cause .
Anyone interested in donating should follow these instructions :
Set aside a designated box ( salons usually reuse a box in which shampoo was delivered )
Line the box with a plastic garbage bag so hair / fur ca n’t slip out
Ideally , donate shampooed hair ( but certainly do n’t include filthy hair / fur )
Any length hair is fine .
Every type of hair is fine ( straight , curly , all colors , dyed , permed , straightened … ) but only HEAD hair , please !
Every type of fur / waste wool is fine .
Sweep in all clippings , JUST HAIR , but please NO OTHER GARBAGE ( gum , metal clips , paper cups , wrappers … ) .
Remember volunteers ( sometimes young students ) have to stuff this hair into booms and do n’t want to feel garbage or anything sharp .
Tie the top of the bag and tape the box shut .
We also accept washed , used ( even with runs ) nylon stocking donations in a separate bag , please .
We also accept other “ natural fibers ” horse hair , feathers … again , please , no other garbage or contaminants in with the hair / fur / wool fibers …
Mark the boxes DEBRIS FREE HAIR / FUR or NYLONS .
The mailing address for hair , fur , wool … clippings and nylon donations are being emailed out to everyone who signs up .
We are emailing in WAVES , so as to control the flow and not overload smaller warehouses along the coast .
We are currently seeing about 500,000 pounds come in from all over the country , every few days .
And volunteers are learning how to make a mile of boom a session !
Here is where you can sign up : ExcessAccess.com
Share this :
Share
Twitter
Facebook
Email
The fourth largest city in Tennessee is about to get the fastest municipally provided Internet and IP video service in the United States .
Chattanooga 's city - owned EPB Fiber Optics promises that its residents will soon be able to buy " Fi-Speed Internet 150 " — fiber - to - the - home broadband with down and upload speeds of 150 Mbps .
" The question we 've all heard is ' when do we have the fiber at my house ' ? "
EPB President Harold DePriest told the Chattanooga Times Free Press on Wednesday .
" We will have all our customers in Chattanooga , East Ridge , and Red Bank served by the end of this month .
And we will have all our customers throughout this system served by the end of this year . "
No surprise
That puts Chattanooga ten years ahead of the Federal Communications Commission 's National Broadband Plan , with its comparatively modest goal of 100 M bps for 260 million households by 2020 .
EPB , which also provides electricity to Chattanoogans , already offers that speed .
The company 's coverage area spreads out across 600 square miles of Chattanooga , Hamilton County , and various other counties in Southeast Tennessee and North Georgia .
" Though it may seem surprising to some , Chattanooga is light years ahead when it comes to advanced communications availability , " bragged the city 's mayor Ron Littlefield in a press release .
This latest fiber rollout will cost EPB about $ 220 million and add an Internet - based smart grid system to the region .
None of this was welcomed by Chattanooga 's incumbents , however , who filed lawsuits to stop the project .
Our state - by - state map of attitudes towards muni- broadband indicates that Tennessee is n't the most hostile state to the concept , but it is n't the most accepting , either .
The cable companies and telcos charged that EPB was unfairly subsidizing some of its Internet / TV services with electricity utility revenue .
A county court dismissed one suit filed by the Tennessee Cable Telecommunications Association in 2008 .
And the city , whose residents voted to approve the fiber initiative , also fought back with a public relations campaign , pledging that the project will serve as an investment magnet .
" The kind of network that is being built in Chattanooga today is exactly what companies like Google are imploring cities in this country to focus their efforts on , " Littlefield added .
So now that there 's some serious broadband competition in that region , what kind of choices do Chattanoogans have ?
Get it all
EPB 's service does n't come cheap .
We 're guessing that a big chunk of its extant 9,600 customers buy the company 's Fi-Speed Internet 15 plan ( 15 Mbps ) , sold at $ 57.99 a month " excluding taxes and fees . "
Fi-Speed 20
Mbps is $ 69.99 a month , followed by 50 Mbps for $ 174.99 and 100 M bps for $ 349.99 .
No word yet what price tag EPB will put on 150 , but we figure it will be pricey enough to fall into the " business broadband " category .
We looked up the tiers and rates for one of EPB 's competitors , Comcast , and found plans that seem somewhat more affordable , at least at first glance .
Comcast offers a tier of " up to " 12/2 Mbps for $ 19.99 .
The fastest speed the cable company provides in that area is $ 99.95 for its " Extreme 50 " service ( 50/10 Mbps ) .
But that $ 19.99 tier is an introductory deal that goes up to $ 42.95 after six months , and all of Comcast 's intro rates are for consumers who already buy Comcast cable or Comcast digital voice service .
Meanwhile , you can get EPB 's " Get It All " Fi-Internet 20 , Fi-Phone , and Fi-Cable TV plan for $ 130.36 .
Comcast 's basic " Triple Play " plan is advertised at $ 99 a month for the first year , and eventually goes up to $ 129.99 .
We could n't figure out what kind of Internet speed consumers get with this plan .
All the relevant page says is that the service is " way faster than DSL . "
Still , even if that " way faster " speed is only at Comcast 's 12/2 M bps rate , it 's all good news for the people of Chattanooga , who now have two carriers that serve up Internet at tiers that make telco / copper wire DSL look silly .
For example , the region 's AT&T / BellSouth DSL offers speeds of up to 3 Mbps .
And Frontier Communications , which plans to roll out DSL to a significant portion of the South , has promised the FCC that it will provide at least 4 M bps to 85 percent of its newly purchased lines by the last day of 2015 .
That 's 96 M bps short of the Commission 's National Broadband Plan goal , and 146 Mbps short of what EPB is now offering Chattanooga .
Forbes magazine already ranks the Chattanooga metropolitan area number eight on its list of " bang - for - the - buck " cities .
Let 's see where 150 M bps broadband puts the region two years from now .
The man behind whistleblower website Wikileaks says he is not in a position to record an interview amid claims his life is in danger .
Julian Assange , the Australian - born founder of Wikileaks , is said to be under threat with reports that the site has hundreds of thousands of classified cables containing explosive revelations .
There was an international uproar in April when the website released classified US military video which officials had been refusing to make public for three years .
The leaked video showed a US helicopter crew mistaking a camera for a rocket - propelled grenade launcher before firing on a group of people in Iraq .
Mr Assange has also told his supporters he is planning to release a video of a US air strike in Afghanistan that killed many civilians .
The 2007 video of the US army helicopter shooting civilians has already led to a chain of events which reportedly has Mr Assange in hiding .
A hacker blew the whistle on the US army intelligence analyst Bradley Manning , who allegedly handed that video to Wikileaks .
Mr Manning is now reported to be in custody in Kuwait .
The hacker says Mr Manning bragged to him about having thousands of diplomatic cables that would embarrass US secretary of state Hillary Clinton and several thousand diplomats around the world .
It has since been reported that American officials are searching for Mr Assange to pressure him not to publish the cables .
But an unnamed source in the Obama administration has told Newsweek that the US government is not trying to convince Mr Assange not to release the cables , but it is trying to contact him .
The World Today has also received an email from Mr Assange which says : " Due to present circumstances , I am not able to easily conduct interviews " .
In an email to supporters this week , Mr Assange denies Wikileaks has 260,000 classified US department cables .
But he confirms the website has a video of a US air strike on a village in western Afghanistan in May last year .
The Afghan government said at the time of the attack that 140 civilians died .
Life in danger
Daniel Ellsberg , who leaked Pentagon papers in the 1970s showing government deceit over the Vietnam War , says he believes Mr Assange has reason to keep his whereabouts secret .
" I think it 's worth mentioning [ that there is ] a very new and ominous development in our country , " he said .
" I think he would not be safe , even physically , entirely wherever he is .
" We have , after all , for the first time ever perhaps in any democratic country ... a president who has announced that he feels he has the right to use special operations operatives against anyone abroad that he thinks is associated with terrorism . "
Mr Ellsberg told a US TV network Mr Assange 's life may be in danger .
" I was , in fact , the subject of a White House hit squad in November on May 3 , 1972 , " he said .
" A dozen Cuban assets were brought up from Miami with orders , quoting their prosecutor ' to incapacitate Daniel Ellsberg totally ' on the steps of the Capitol .
" It so happens when I was in a rally during the Vietnam war and I asked the prosecutor ' what does that mean - kill me ? '
He said the words were to incapacitate you totally , but you should understand these guys , meaning the CIA operatives , never use the word ' kill ' . "
Professor Amin Saikal , director of the centre for Arab and Islamic studies at the Australian National University , says the US government has strong motivations for keeping video of the strike under wraps .
" That NATO operation in western Afghanistan caused quite a number of civilian casualties which caused outrage among the Afghan leaders , " he said .
" The issue was also raised very strongly in the Afghan parliament .
" I suppose that the American authorities would be very adverse at the release of the video at this point which could cause more problems in the relationship between Afghanistan and Washington . "
As far fetched as Mr Ellsberg 's claim sounds , the national president of Whistleblowers Australia , Peter Bennett , agrees Mr Assange 's life may be at risk .
" There is a lot of money to be made from wars .
There is a lot of people who will become very , very wealthy through the course of this Afghan war , " he said .
" To stop anybody raising questions about its conduct would put those profits at risk and profit is a high motivation to stop somebody interfering with those profits .
" It is possible that there are vested interests - military , political and certainly economic , possibly even criminal - who would rather him not release that information .
" There is a serious chance that his wellbeing could be at risk .
If I was in his shoes , I would be taking all necessary precautions to make sure that my whereabouts and my wellbeing were being protected . "
Rare photos have been released of Kim Jong - un , the youngest son of North Korean leader Kim Jong - il , who seems certain to inherit power in the communist state 's second dynastic succession .
Larking about with classmates and making playful V - signs for the camera , the boy who is now tipped to be the next leader of the hermit dictatorship of North Korea appears not to have a care in the world .
The bad boy and the good boy ... Kim Jogn -nam and Kim Jong - un. Credit:AFP
These childhood photographs purportedly of Kim Jong - un , the reclusive third son of North Korea 's " Dear Leader " , were released on Tuesday by South Korea 's national Yonhap news agency , providing a unique glimpse into the privileged life of the country 's elite .
Taken between 1996 and 2001 , while Kim junior was a teenager studying at international school in Bern , Switzerland , the pictures show a grinning Kim at ease with his friends at a time when his countrymen were suffering a man-made famine that killed up to 2 million people .
The American West has made actors famous and writers rich .
It has inspired children on the playground and grizzled country singers alike .
Its stories of heroes and bandits , gold rushes and simple homesteaders have been fictionalized and romanticized to the point that they 're known the world over .
And yet , video game makers have either ignored the setting or attempted to squeeze it into existing game conventions with limited success .
That has all changed now that Rockstar , the group made famous for its Grand Theft Auto series , turned its eye towards the Wild West .
No game maker has approached the period with as much passion and power as Red Dead Redemption .
This is the new bar that all Westerns must strive to reach .
Loading
Loading
It 's tempting to say that Red Dead Redemption is ahead of its time , but the reality is that this is a game of and for the times .
Rockstar shows an uncanny ability to hold a mirror up to society and remind us that present day hot button issues like racism , immigration , federal government power and personal freedoms are not only nothing new , they are deeply ingrained in American society .
They are forces that helped to shape America into what it is , and their inclusion in Red Dead Redemption gives it a sense of authenticity that videogames in general lack .
But rather than preaching politics at you , Red Dead Redemption puts you in the shoes of the relatively neutral John Marston .
This former outlaw gone straight has found that history has a way of catching up with you .
Those who were once his friends have now become enemies , leaving Marston alone and fighting for his future in a lawless land .
It 's a setup that is almost cliche , but this is only the beginning of your adventure .
The storyline of Red Dead Redemption will take you all over a vast swath of countryside that straddles the border between the U.S. and Mexico .
Along the way you 'll meet , assist , and spill blood with a fantastic cast of supporting characters as Marston attempts to set things straight .
The characters are wonderful with top notch dialogue and voice acting -- all good enough to make you feel a part of the world .
If there is any criticism I could level at the story , it 's that Marston occasionally feels divorced from the action , his motivations muddled as he is all too willing to help anybody that asks for it despite his own pressing matters .
A simple , " I 'm being made to do this , " from Marston is all you 'll get out of the protagonist for much of the game while secondary characters drive the tale along , which was a bit of a disappointment for me .
This all changes towards the end , however , as Red Dead Redemption builds towards a shattering climax that is amongst the best I 've ever seen in a video game .
Following that main story will take you roughly 20 hours from start to finish , though most will find that there is so much to do that it is difficult to focus on one thing .
This is made by Rockstar , after all , and their heritage as masters of the open world sandbox game is not lost .
Herding cattle and breaking mustangs ?
Check .
Tracking down outlaws for bounty ?
You can take them dead or alive .
Treasure hunting and sharpshooting challenges ?
There are dozens of them .
The side missions and quests range from the little things like playing horse shoes or poker to big shootouts at bandit hideouts .
There are even some that are fleshed out enough to be a part of the main storyline .
You could spend hours just riding around trying to track down all of the components of a new outfit for Marston , or hunting wild game and picking herbs and desert flowers .
The Rockstar Social Club , a free online community that connects to the game , offers additional challenges and leaderboards to encourage even more replay .
If you 're looking for one game to occupy you for months , this is it .
Rudd will be going through the darkest , blackest days of his life .
After he failed to win the seat of Griffith in 1996 he wrote a monograph called When the phone does n't ring .
I am not sure how often the phone rang for an ALP candidate for Griffith in 1996 , but it never stops ringing for a prime minister .
I cannot think of any prime minister who has fallen so far so fast .
John Howard had a year to contemplate his likely defeat and was toughened by the scars of many setbacks and disappointments .
Bob Hawke could see Paul Keating 's shadow looming over him for years .
But Rudd 's downfall came like the thunderclap in a summer 's storm - one minute he was the master of all he surveyed , packing his bags to hang out with Barack Obama at the G20 , and then the assassins struck and he was gone .
His best ally was by his side when he said goodbye .
Unlike her deadpan husband , Therese Rein 's face spoke volumes - the horror and the pain and the sheer black screaming injustice of it all .
How could they do this to my husband ?
How could they do this to him after all he had done for them , after all we had done for them ?
And watching her , stoical and strong , I thought of my wife Lucy and how she had stood by me when it was my turn to be battered and bashed by this grim and brutal business of politics .
The spouses have the toughest time in this political game .
The politician is in the middle of the arena , beset on all sides .
But he can fight back and denounce his critics , strike a blow as the jackals tear him down .
Charlie
Sheen will reportedly plead guilty to a misdemeanour offence and receive 30 days of jail time later this month .
The star is due in court next week to reach a settlement in his ongoing domestic violence case .
Sheen was arrested last Christmas and charged with felony menacing , misdemeanour third - degree assault and misdemeanour criminal mischief after allegedly assaulting wife Brooke Mueller .
" Charlie intends to go to court on June 7 [ to ] plead to a misdemeanor and immediately begin serving his 30 days in jail , " the source told People .
The insider added : " With good behaviour , he could end up doing 15 or so days . "
The source also claimed that Sheen would not be placed on probation after he serves his sentence .
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
Image caption Long - term investment is " necessary for modernisation " , Mr Medvedev says
Russia will scrap capital gains tax on long - term direct investment from 2011 , President Dmitry Medvedev has said .
Mr Medvedev said that in terms of improving Russia 's investment climate " we , I hope , are moving forward " .
He also said the number of " strategic " firms , in which foreign investment is restricted and which cannot be privatised , would fall from 280 to 41 .
Mr Medvedev has been promoting the idea of " modernisation " , including diversifying the Russian economy .
Also , many investors have been wary of coming to Russia because of corruption and the dominant role the state plays in Russia 's business life .
Mr Medvedev told the St Petersburg International Economic Forum that long - term direct investment was " necessary for modernisation " .
He also said that he would ask the government to create a special investment public - private fund .
" Such an idea should be implemented within a year , " he said .
' Something new '
The Russian economy , heavily dependent on oil and gas revenues , was enjoying several years of robust growth in the middle of the 2000s .
However , it was hit hard by the global economic crisis , and in 2009 the economy shrank by 7.9 % .
The economy is forecast to return to growth this year , expanding by about 4 % .
But Russia is also set to run a budget deficit for several years to come .
Its oil revenues fund , which has been financing the deficit , is expected to end next year , and the government wants to attract more foreign investment to boost the economy .
In an interview with Bloomberg Television earlier this week , Russia 's First Deputy Prime Minister Igor Shuvalov said : " While Russian stocks may be undervalued , Russia is not seeking investors interested in quick and easy money . "
" I would welcome real investors who can build factories , something new in this country . "
UNNAMED DESERT — After providing his 2010 draft picks with only two canteens of water , a flashlight , and a cheap compass , New England Patriots head coach Bill Belichick dumped his 12 newest players in the middle of a desert wasteland Tuesday and told them to find their way back to Foxboro on their own .
Advertisement
Belichick , who has always initiated new Patriots with this same survival ordeal , refused to give the dazed and disoriented football players even the slightest hint as to their exact location .
However , the infamously Machiavellian coach told his draft picks that there was no potable surface water for " hundreds of miles " ; that it would be in their best interests not to attempt to contact any locals who crossed their path ; that only the fruit at the very center of the thornbushes would be edible ; that most of the indigenous wildlife , especially the arachnids , was very , very poisonous ; and that one of the things he had just told them was a lie .
" Show me what you got , boys , " Belichick said to the group from the backseat of a spotless black Range Rover .
" If you want to be on this team , I 'll see you in four days .
And if you 've been paying attention at all , you 'll know exactly what to do .
Oh , you can take your blindfolds off now . "
Advertisement
" By the way , Devin [ McCourty ] ?
I 'd check that flashlight you 're holding to see if it has any batteries .
I might have forgotten to put them in , " Belichick continued .
" Not that a little thing like that should stop you .
See Wes [ Welker ] , here , the man with the honor of being my chauffeur ?
This resourceful bastard actually beat me home , so it 's not like it can't be done .
" Now do n't let that desert sun get to you , boys .
It can play some pretty crazy tricks on the mind , " he added .
" Okay , Wes , let 's get out of here . "
Advertisement
After Belichick gave the confused group a small handgun loaded with a single bullet " just in cases someone wants the easy way out , " the luxury SUV drove off , sending sand and dust flying into the players ' eyes .
Devin McCourty , Rob Gronkowski , Brandon Spikes , Taylor Price , Aaron Hernandez , Zoltan Mesko , Ted Larsen , Thomas Welch , Brandon Deaderick , Kade Weston , and Zac Robinson have been traversing the barren wasteland now for three days , walking over 60 - foot sand dunes and braving the arid conditions while 35 - mph winds whip sand into their unprotected eyes .
Advertisement
Second - round pick Jermaine Cunningham , a promising outside linebacker , died Thursday of sunstroke .
" I think [ Belichick ] drugged us , " McCourty , the former Rutgers cornerback , said .
" We were all at his home for that welcoming dinner , and the next thing I knew I was blindfolded , going in and out of consciousness .
I know at one point we were in a plane , because I heard a captain 's announcement .
When I tried to take my blindfold off I 'm pretty sure Tedy Bruschi hit me across the face with a Super Bowl trophy .
That 's how I lost these teeth , I think . "
Advertisement
" I do n't think we 're in America , " said 62nd overall pick Brandon Spikes , tilting a canteen upside down in a failed attempt to get one last drop of water .
" I 've never seen lizards that size in America . [ Kade ]
Weston never had a chance . "
Although the group of draft picks thought they were making progress Thursday , they were demoralized when they came upon footprints they determined to be their own — an indicator that they had been walking in a circle for the last day and a half .
The players were further dispirited when they discovered a Patriots - hat - wearing skeleton buried just beneath the sand that turned out to be the remains of 2009 New England draft pick Rich Ohrnberger .
Advertisement
" Ohrnberger was a big guy , man , " former Ohio wide receiver Taylor Price said .
" He carried a lot of water in that big body , and he did n't make it .
What chance does a skill - position player like me have ?
We 're lost .
Jesus Christ , Welch , you got us lost . "
" We 're all gonna die , " he added .
The players again thought they were on the right track when they found a backpack containing kindling material , 12 cans of refried beans , and a note from Belichick saying , " Enjoy ! "
However , after nearly eating the beans , former Oklahoma State quarterback Zac Robinson dumped them all out on the ground and kicked sand over them .
Advertisement
" You idiots , they 're probably poisonous , " Robinson said .
" Or maybe they are n't poisonous , and he just wants us to think they 're poisonous .
Either way , this man is insane .
He 's trying to fuck with us .
This is a game to him .
Everything 's a game to him .
Ca n't you see ?
This is all one big fucking game ! "
As of press time , eight of the 12 draft picks remained alive .
Although they have largely stuck together , the group has steadily fractured .
With dehydration and hysteria setting in , Thomas Welch severely beat and nearly killed Zoltan Mesko with the butt end of the flashlight for eating the last sand cake , and Rob Gronkowski was muttering that he would murder anyone who even thought about stealing his " precious , precious diamonds . "
Advertisement
" Look at them , " said Belichick , cool and comfortable in an impeccable white safari suit , watching from a dune several hundred yards away with team owner Robert Kraft and quarterback Tom Brady .
" For God 's sake , none of those beans were poisonous … .
I do n't think any of them are worth a damn .
Let 's just leave . "
Using observations with NASA 's Chandra X-ray Observatory and ESA 's XMM - Newton , astronomers have announced a robust detection of a vast reservoir of intergalactic gas about 400 million light years from Earth .
This discovery is the strongest evidence yet that the " missing matter " in the nearby Universe is located in an enormous web of hot , diffuse gas .
This missing matter -- which is different from dark matter -- is composed of baryons , the particles , such as protons and neutrons , that are found on the Earth , in stars , gas , galaxies , and so on .
A variety of measurements of distant gas clouds and galaxies have provided a good estimate of the amount of this " normal matter " present when the universe was only a few billion years old .
However , an inventory of the much older , nearby universe has turned up only about half as much normal matter , an embarrassingly large shortfall .
The mystery then is where does this missing matter reside in the nearby universe ?
This latest work supports predictions that it is mostly found in a web of hot , diffuse gas known as the Warm - Hot Intergalactic Medium ( WHIM ) .
Scientists think the WHIM is material left over after the formation of galaxies , which was later enriched by elements blown out of galaxies .
" Evidence for the WHIM is really difficult to find because this stuff is so diffuse and easy to see right through , " said Taotao Fang of the University of California at Irvine and lead author of the latest study .
" This differs from many areas of astronomy where we struggle to see through obscuring material . "
To look for the WHIM , the researchers examined X - ray observations of a rapidly growing supermassive black hole known as an active galactic nucleus , or AGN .
This AGN , which is about two billion light years away , generates immense amounts of X - ray light as it pulls matter inwards .
Lying along the line of sight to this AGN , at a distance of about 400 million light years , is the so - called Sculptor Wall .
This " wall , " which is a large diffuse structure stretching across tens of millions of light years , contains thousands of galaxies and potentially a significant reservoir of the WHIM if the theoretical simulations are correct .
The WHIM in the wall should absorb some of the X - rays from the AGN as they make their journey across intergalactic space to Earth .
advertisement
Using new data from Chandra and previous observations with both Chandra and XMM - Newton , absorption of X - rays by oxygen atoms in the WHIM has clearly been detected by Fang and his colleagues .
The characteristics of the absorption are consistent with the distance of the Sculptor Wall as well as the predicted temperature and density of the WHIM .
This result gives scientists confidence that the WHIM will also be found in other large - scale structures .
Several previous claimed detections of the hot component of the WHIM have been controversial because the detections had been made with only one X - ray telescope and the statistical significance of many of the results had been questioned .
" Having good detections of the WHIM with two different telescopes is really a big deal , " said co-author David Buote , also from the University of California at Irvine .
" This gives us a lot of confidence that we have truly found this missing matter . "
In addition to having corroborating data from both Chandra and XMM - Newton , the new study also removes another uncertainty from previous claims .
Because the distance of the Sculptor Wall is already known , the statistical significance of the absorption detection is greatly enhanced over previous " blind " searches .
These earlier searches attempted to find the WHIM by observing bright AGN at random directions on the sky , in the hope that their line of sight intersects a previously undiscovered large - scale structure .
advertisement
Confirmed detections of the WHIM have been made difficult because of its extremely low density .
Using observations and simulations , scientists calculate the WHIM has a density equivalent to only 6 protons per cubic meter .
For comparison , the interstellar medium -- the very diffuse gas in between stars in our galaxy -- typically has about a million hydrogen atoms per cubic meter .
" Evidence for the WHIM has even been much harder to find than evidence for dark matter , which is invisible and can only be detected indirectly , " said Fang .
There have been important detections of possible WHIM in the nearby Universe with relatively low temperatures of about 100,000 degrees using ultraviolet observations and relatively high temperature WHIM of about 10 million degrees using observations of X - ray emission in galaxy clusters .
However , these are expected to account for only a relatively small fraction of the WHIM .
The X - ray absorption studies reported here probe temperatures of about a million degrees where most of the WHIM is predicted to be found .
These results appear in the May 10th issue of The Astrophysical Journal .
NASA 's Marshall Space Flight Center in Huntsville , Ala. , manages the Chandra program for NASA 's Science Mission Directorate in Washington .
The Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory controls Chandra 's science and flight operations from Cambridge , Mass .
More information , including images and other multimedia , can be found at : http://chandra.harvard.edu
Motorola CEO
Sanjay Jha revealed to Reuters today that the company 's Android - powered mobile devices are selling faster than they can be manufactured .
Verizon has had similar experiences with the Droid Incredible from HTC , an Android phone whose biggest problem has been that demand outstrips current supply .
More Motorola devices , including several with front - facing cameras for video conferencing , are slated for release later this year .
Sprint 's EVO , another video conferencing - capable Android handset , has been on sale for just a few days and is already sold out and breaking Sprint sales records , too .
Additionally LG , a company that had previously committed to releasing Windows Mobile handsets , has stated it will release 20 Android handsets this year alone .
Ever since the Droid 's launch last November , its sales figures have rocked the mobile industry .
Manufacturers and carriers might well see this hot , new breed of Android smartphones as a fiscal shot in the arm ; with the notable exception of the Nexus One , we 've seen quite a few dazzling successes in this market .
It 'll be interesting to compare sales between some of these Android devices and the upcoming iPhone 4 .
We reported last month — before the iPhone 4 or EVO releases — that Androids as a whole were outselling iPhones .
Do you think the greater range of choice between carriers and handsets will give Android manufacturers the ultimate advantage in the smartphone wars ?
cryptogon.com news – analysis – conspiracies
June 28th , 2010
Buy U.S. Treasuries ?
Anyway …
Via : CNBC :
The credit team at RBS in London are getting very bearish and warning clients to “ get ready for the cliff - edge , ” where prices of stocks and commodities will “ collapse . ”
RBS credit chief Andrew Roberts said the edge is just around the corner for the European banking industry and the economies of Europe and the US .
“ Surely risks associated with us being wrong are low , i.e. rates stay where they are , ” Roberts wrote in a research note .
“ But risks associated with us being right are 10 percent returns in ( 10 - year US Treasurys ) and at the same time that equities / commodities will collapse far beyond what even some equity bears anticipate . ”
As a result Roberts is advising investors to get into maximum long - duration bonds in safe - haven markets .
“ This means the US , UK and Germany in that order , ” he wrote .
“ Be long gold , think the unthinkable .
Get ready for ( sub - 2 - percent yields on two - year Treasurys , sub - 2 - percent on 10 - year bunds ) and the UK will not be far behind . ”
Posted in Economy Top Of Page
How to Save Money Using Ceiling Fans Home Guides
/ Home
/ Home Improvement
/ Sustainability
Ceiling fan manufacturers often advertise their products as more energy efficient and therefore more cost effective than air - conditioning options .
Although it does take considerably less energy to operate a fan than a central or window air conditioner , you wo n't see savings on your electric bill unless you use your fans wisely .
Simply adding fans to your normal electricity usage raises your bill rather than lowering it .
However , when you know how to maximize a ceiling fan 's potential , it can save you money during both the heating and cooling seasons .
1 Turn ceiling fans on in the summer only when someone is in the room .
Unlike air - conditioning systems , fans do n't cool the air in the room , they only circulate it .
Essentially , they add a windchill factor to a space .
An empty room does n't benefit from having a fan running , so that fan is using electricity for no reason .
2 Raise the temperature on your air - conditioning unit 's thermostat by 5 to 10 degrees while you run your ceiling fan .
Better yet , turn the a /c off altogether .
The energy savings come not from running the fan but from using less air conditioning , so if you do n't reduce your a / c usage , you wo n't save money .
3 Invest in high - efficiency , Energy Star certified fans if you 're installing new ones .
These fans can cool you off just as well as other models , but they use less energy to do it , saving you money on your electric bill and reducing your impact on the environment .
4 Reverse the direction of the fan blades during the heating season so they are pulling air up .
Run a fan while someone is in the room to pull cooler air from the bottom of the room to circulate with the warm air before returning back to the living areas .
Lower the setting on your heating system 's thermostat to save money .
Use the fan on its lowest setting for this purpose ; higher settings create a draft that does n't help keep you warm in the winter .
Tips
Always remember to turn fans off when all occupants leave a room .
Photo Credits Comstock / Comstock / Getty Images
Product Description :
" The sweet succulent aromas of bosc pears are woven with lilacs and just a hint of petrol .
Asian pears unfold on the palate and mingle enticingly with citrus zest and cardamom .
Brilliant crisp and exuberant finish that is reminiscent of classic Alsatian Riesling flavors .
No oak , just great fruit flavors that delight the palate and the mind .
No Sulfites Added . "
- Winery ; Certified Organic
PyPy is famous as an alternative Python implementation .
But it is also an impressive toolchain for creating your own programming languages — you get features like garbage collection , JIT and even WebKit integration for free .
Unfortunately , despite the toolchain being the bulk of the PyPy code , it 's not given much love .
So , in an effort to convince fellow hackers to use PyPy , I 'll be giving a talk at the Emerging Languages Camp at OSCON — see below for the abstract .
I 'd also like to help bring more understanding of the toolchain to the wider hacker world and am considering writing a series of tutorials on this blog .
Unfortunately , I 'm also a lazy bastard and do n't want to waste time if no - one is interested ; p
So this is your chance — let me know in either the comments below or on HN / Reddit , if you'd be interested in such blog posts .
Thanks !
President Obama and Secretary of Interior Ken Salazar , Secretary of Energy Steven Chu , and Defense Secretary Robert Gates were informed that BP would drill an unprecedented 35,000 feet well bore at the Macondo site off the coast of Louisiana .
In September 2009 , the Deepwater Horizon successfully sunk a well bore at a depth of 35,055 below sea level at the Tiber Prospect in the Keathley Canyon block 102 in the Gulf of Mexico , southeast of Houston .
During the September drilling operations , the Deepwater Horizon drill penetrated a massive undersea oil deposit but BP 's priorities changed when the Macondo site in the Mississippi Canyon off the coast of Louisiana was found to contain some 3 - 4 billion barrels of oil in an underground cavern estimated to be about the size of Mount Everest .
It was as a result of another 35,000 feet well bore sank by the Deepwater Horizon at the Macondo site that the catastrophic explosion occurred on April 20 .
According to the Wayne Madsen Report ( WMR ) sources within the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers and the Federal Emergency Management Agency ( FEMA ) , the Pentagon and Interior and Energy Departments told the Obama Administration that the newly - discovered estimated 3 - 4 billion barrels of oil in the Gulf of Mexico would cover America 's oil needs for up to eight months if there was a military attack on Iran that resulted in the bottling up of the Strait of Hormuz to oil tanker traffic , resulting in a cut - off of oil to the United States from the Persian Gulf .
Obama , Salazar , Chu , and Gates green - lighted the risky Macondo drilling operation from the outset , according to WMR 's government sources .
WMR learned that BP was able to have several safety checks waved because of the high - level interest by the White House and Pentagon in tapping the Gulf of Mexico bonanza find in order to plan a military attack on Iran without having to be concerned about an oil and natural gas shortage from the Persian Gulf after an outbreak of hostilities with Iran .
BP still has an ongoing operation to drill down to 40,000 feet below sea level at the Liberty field off the north coast of Alaska .
By . The Wayne Madsen Report for OilPrice.com -
The no.1 source for oil prices
Published online 25 May 2010 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news.2010.260
News
David Sloan Wilson explains why evolution is of consequence to everyone .
Endlessly energetic scholar David Sloan Wilson is best known for his work on group selection — the idea that natural selection can operate on traits that improve the success of groups rather than individuals .
David Sloan Wilson .
As well as running a cross- disciplinary evolutionary studies programme from his home institution of Binghamton University in New York and opening the Evolution Institute think tank to inform public policy , he recently began studying altruism in Binghamton neighbourhoods and is promoting the field of evolutionary religious studies .
He took time to talk to Nature at a philosophy of biology conference last week in Madison , Wisconsin , where he spoke about using evolutionary thinking as a tool for good .
You wrote a book called Evolution for Everyone .
Why is it important to you that the public understand evolution ?
Because it is useful .
The way most people understand evolution , it is not consequential , and so they do n't need to believe it .
The 50 % figure — how many people in the US do n't accept evolution — does n't impress me .
Close to 100 % of people do n't connect it to matters of consequence in their own lives .
And that includes scientists ?
The long view of the history of evolutionary theory is that , although in some sense it is obvious that it has profound implications for the way we think about ourselves , it became confined to the biological sciences for most of the 20th century .
Now what is taking place at the level of research and scholarship is the rethinking of entire disciplines .
But this is not yet reflected in higher education .
At virtually every college and university , if you are not a biology major , you are not going to hear about evolution .
But can thinking about evolution really improve policy ?
Every policy has a surface logic , but like wishes in folktales they have unforeseen consequences that we do n't keep track of .
And so we continue the same polices .
At the Evolution Institute we take subjects that have been combed over from other perspectives , but when you take an evolutionary perspective , you see things differently and a new common sense emerges .
Take childhood education .
If you look at hunter - gatherer societies , there is very little that resembles formal education .
Education takes the form of play , and adults provide explicit instructions more or less when asked .
And yet this spontaneous education system is not only not exploited by formal education , it is subverted .
But we in the modern
West are n't raising our children to be hunter - gatherers .
Why should we educate our children like them ?
This question is an empirical issue .
We need to do experiments .
It could be that the skills we need today are so different that you need different educational methods , that you can't make it fun , that you can't make it like hunting .
Or maybe there really is n't such a big difference between an American kid learning his times tables and an Australian kid learning his songlines [ songs that function as maps and must be memorized each generation ] .
Studying evolution can tell us something about how human behaviours came to be , but can we really harness it to improve our behaviour ?
You have to think about the environment .
If you want to change a practice or implement something , you need to create the environment which will cause that thing to win the Darwinian contest .
When you start thinking like this , evolution becomes an indispensable tool .
Take risky adolescent behaviours , for example .
Instead of regarding them as pathological , which is the typical model , they are better regarded as adaptive responses to harsh environments that enhance immediate fitness , however damaging to others or even the individual over the long term .
You also study religion from an evolutionary perspective .
Why would religion be adaptive for humans ?
The empirical evidence points to substantial group - level benefits for most enduring religions .
Benefits include defining the group , coordinating action to achieve shared goals and developing elaborate mechanisms to prevent cheating .
The same evolutionary processes that cause individual organisms and social insect colonies to function as adaptive units also cause religious groups to function as adaptive units .
Religious believers frequently compare their communities to a single body or a beehive .
This is not just a poetic metaphor but turns out to be correct from an evolutionary perspective .
ADVERTISEMENT
As we speak , we are establishing our first consulting relationship with a religious congregation in Binghamton to explore their religion and spirituality and to help them be more effective as an organization [ by using evolutionary tools ] .
I think the benefits we provide will be so great that we will be sought after by other congregations .
Does your approach annoy atheists ?
I piss off atheists more than any other category , and I am an atheist .
One of the things that infuriates me about the newest crop of angry atheists , such as Richard Dawkins , is their denial of the beneficial aspects of religion .
Their beef is not just that there is no evidence for God .
They also insist that religion " poisons everything " , as Christopher Hitchens subtitled his book .
They are ignoring the scientific theory and evidence for the " secular utility " of religion , as Émile Durkheim put it , even though they wrap themselves in the mantle of science and rationality .
Someone needs to call them out on that , and that person is me .
* Cisco sees Internet traffic quadrupling by 2014
* Video to be primary driver of growth
NEW YORK , June 2 ( Reuters ) - Network equipment maker Cisco Systems Inc CSCO.O said it expects global Internet traffic to more than quadruple by 2014 as more people use the Internet to watch videos and chat with friends online .
Cisco forecast Internet traffic to rise to 767 exabytes a year by 2014 , with most of the growth coming from online video .
That forecast is also 100 exabytes higher than the level it projected last year for 2013 .
One exabyte equals 1 billion gigabytes .
To illustrate the sheer size of online traffic it expects , Cisco said watching all the video crossing over the global network in 2014 would take around 72 million years .
The company said video , including video - on - demand on cable and Internet services , will account for around 91 percent of global consumer online traffic by 2014 .
Cisco makes routers and switches that direct Internet traffic , and is a key beneficiary of the trend as phone and cable service providers upgrade their networks to handle increased Web use .
Suraj Shetty , vice president of Cisco 's service provider marketing , said Web traffic was growing more rapidly than he had expected a few years ago .
He cited new gadgets and the popularity of video sites like Google Inc's GOOG .
O YouTube and movie downloading services such as Netflix Inc NFLX.O .
" Let 's look at the last two years .
The economy has gone down pretty much across the globe .
But IP traffic has actually accelerated because there are a lot more people using video , " he said .
" You see devices like Blu-ray players with Netflix and YouTube built in ... and the iPad comes along . "
Cisco said increasing network bandwidth capacity should allow more consumers to more quickly , download videos in high - definition and 3D formats , and to watch them without interruptions .
The company has also expanded into areas like consumer video products and corporate videoconferencing equipment , which are accelerating growth in Internet traffic .
-- A. Whitney Brown
A friend turned me on to a piece in yesterday 's New York Times ( http://www.nytimes.com/2009/12/22/science/22angi.html) that purported to advance a case against the perceived moral superiority of people who consume plants instead of animals .
Natalie Angier 's " Sorry Vegans : Brussels Sprouts Like to Live , Too " argued that meat - eaters should not " cede the entire moral penthouse " to herbivorous humans because " [ p ] lants [ like animals ] are lively and seek to keep it that way " .
( Note : Ms. Angier specifically insisted that she was serious , that this " is not meant as a trite argument or chuckled aside " .
So I 'm taking her word for it and responding as if the article was n't intended to be mere column filler .
I 'd ask that my readers bear this in mind before they write in and claim that vegetarianism has made me both iron and irony deficient . )
Ms. Angier proceeded to describe some of the surprising ways that plants help to ensure their own survival .
As someone who loves learning about the natural world , I am endlessly fascinated with the clever self - preservative tricks that Earth 's organisms have devised .
In plants , these range from resource foraging ( e. . , growth oriented toward brightly - lit and nutritive soils ) to chemical warfare ( e.g. , releasing irritants to ward off nibbling predatory insects ) .
Plants are certainly far more complex and worthy of examination than many people think -- and than most biology curricula demand , my own undergraduate studies included .
It 's always nice to see plants get their brief moments in the sun .
But from these descriptions of how plants deal with the sometimes nasty vicissitudes of their lives , Ms. Angier extrapolates a fairly ridiculous conclusion : that vegetarians cannot ( on the basis of their diets ) claim to be living any more ethically than their carnivorous neighbours .
Why ?
Because plants , like animals , " fight to survive " .
Well , of course they do .
Survival and reproduction are the two core biological imperatives , the literal sine quibus non ( ‘ without which , nothing ' ) of all species .
Life , to the extent that it can truly be said to be purposeful , has an overarching ‘ goal ' of ensuring more life .
Evolutionary mechanisms thus ensure that survival and are emergent properties of species .
In that sense all living things , including plants , should ‘ like ' or ‘ want ' to live and reproduce .
( Using mental metaphors to describe non-humans is fraught with intellectual peril , which is why I put these and similar terms in scare quotes . )
But by that definitional logic , so too do Ebola viruses , cancers , and liver flukes ‘ like ' to live and reproduce .
Indeed , they 're all quite frighteningly good at it -- weakening and ultimately killing their hosts as they successfully multiply .
So , Ms. Angier , shall we be truly ethical , let life take an absolutely natural course , and shut down our hospitals ?
This is a clearly silly conclusion .
To live , we humans must consume some form of nutritive biomass ; rocks and sunlight just wo n't cut it .
We can agree that all plants and animals have the ‘ goal ' of survival .
We can agree that by eating them , humans generally frustrate that goal -- fictional creatures like Schmoos ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shmoo) and Ameglian Major Cows ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C1nxaQhsaaw) notwithstanding .
And we can agree that we do not yet have the needed technology to circumvent this problem .
( The food replicators of Star Trek could do the trick nicely ; alas , they remain the stuff of fiction . )
So shall we vegetarians fall upon our forks ?
Are we doomed to learn the mystical secrets of breatharians ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Inedia) or else waste away , starving but self - satisfied ?
Plants , it is true , are laden with features -- like thorns , trichomes , and toxins -- that reduce the chances they will be targeted by herbivores or parasites .
Such features likely evolved primarily for protective value rather than , say , for sturdiness or as accidental metabolic byproducts .
Recent evidence even suggests that some plant species can recognize genetic kin in their surroundings and may even behave ‘ altruistically ' .
For example , plants might show slower growth in the presence of close relatives , implying a possible sharing of available soil and water resources ( http://www.wired.com/wiredscience/2009/11/plant-family-values/).
So can plants detect tissue damage and respond to environmental threats ?
Almost certainly .
Can they feel and pain in a way that we can comprehend ?
Almost certainly not .
The best evidence we have at present concerning plant anatomy and physiology would imply that they could not -- even in principle -- have psychological experiences comparable to animal species .
Plants have no discernable brains or other nervous tissues .
Stimulus response cannot be equated to " feelings " or " consciousness " .
But if plants can feel pain , it actually makes the argument against meat - eating even stronger .
Why ?
Simple : if you trace down the food chain for almost any animal species , the base of the food pyramid is going to be composed of plant material .
Up to 90 % of biomass energy gets lost each time we move up a link in the chain .
If grass feels pain , and you eat two pounds of beef ( which required , let 's say , 15 agonized pounds of digested grass to produce ) , then you 've indirectly caused needless extra suffering .
Ms. Angier also ignores the fact that some plants actually count on being consumed -- in whole or in part -- for their unique life cycle mechanisms to occur .
For example , many plants grow berries and seeds with the ‘ intent ' that these be eaten and later deposited at some new growing location .
( And in a fresh pile of fertilizer , no less ! )
I am hard - pressed to think of any non-parasitic animal that does the same .
In summation , to Ms. Angier and her ideological supporters , if you think that you 'll ever see the same kind of terror in the eyes of an uprooted Idaho potato as you will in those of a slaughtered Jersey cow , I would respectfully suggest that you 're kidding yourself .
If you want to eat meat , do it .
But do n't try to argue for moral equivalence with absurd tu quoque arguments .
And to my colleagues and constant readers here at PT ...
Thank you for your engaging comments over the past months .
Whether or not you 've agreed with what I 've written , I hope that my little corner of the blogosphere has merited an occasional glance and prompted some critical thought .
I have sincerely appreciated the positive feedback and tried to learn from the constructive criticism .
I look forward to conveying - edge cognitive comestibles to chew on come 2010 .
Have a safe and happy holiday season !!
Extra Credit Section
If I listen closely , I can almost hear the wheels of spinning out there .
Many readers who were previously salivating in anticipation of this weekend 's impending ham or turkey feast are now simply frothing .
So , let me preemptively address some of the most probable responses :
" Eating meat is pleasurable -- more than its alternatives , certainly .
Therefore , I choose to do it . "
This is a childish argument from hedonic consequence .
My wife -- a happy meat eater -- thinks that childish is too strong a word , but I disagree .
Replace " Eating meat " with " Unprotected " ( or , perhaps , " Punching preachy vegetarians in the face " ) and you can quickly see why .
Most schools of hedonic require that you consider the costs of your actions , not just the benefits .
Indeed , Epicurus , a major philosophical father of this line of ethical thought , clearly insisted in his Letter to Menoeceus that the good life is obtained through careful reflection about behavioural choices , not " the enjoyment of the fish and other delicacies of a luxurious table " .
( By the way , in case you 're wondering : I actually quite enjoy the taste of meat .
Before I became a vegetarian , I was one of those people who relished eating almost any species that crossed my path .
I ate all manner of fish , fowl , mammals , crustaceans , and insects .
I regularly miss the taste of bacon double cheeseburgers , eel sashimi , Cajun - blackened flounder , pepperoni pizza , my father 's Chicken Kiev , venison sausage , and countless other delicacies .
Once the technology is safe , common and affordable , I look forward to guiltlessly enjoying in vitro steak .
Until then , my tastebuds must take a back seat to my cerebrum . )
" Meat tastes good to us -- better than meat alternatives , certainly .
We have an omnivorous dentition pattern that includes teeth specialized for meat eating .
Meat contains essential nutrients ( e.g. , iron and some amino acids ) that are inconvenient to obtain from vegetarian diets .
This all proves that we evolved to eat meat .
Therefore , a vegetarian is unnatural . "
More sophisticated ; still faulty .
Evidence uncovered by anatomists ( e.g. , skeletal and gastrointestinal structures ) and archeologists ( e.g. , primitive hunting and fishing tools ) clearly suggest that the human diet has traditionally included meats and anything else that we 've found to be edible .
Biologically , we appear to be built for opportunistic omnivory .
But so what ?
As even our most ardent evolutionary psychologists here at PT would concede , what characterized or benefited our early human ancestors cannot be used as solely sufficient grounds to justify current practices .
This is what is often called the appeal to nature .
According to some anthropological evidence , cannibalism was also prevalent among early humans .
One can easily imagine its advantages during times of famine ( as a source of food ) , ( as a way to ritualistically honour the dead ) , and war ( as a way to scare off potential attackers ) .
Certainly , the same teeth we use to tuck into a cow 's leg would be just as effective on a human's .
( Maybe even more effective -- our skin is n't nearly as thick as a cow's . )
Why not revert to this ‘ natural ' practice as well ?
Getting your iron and amino acids from drugstore supplements , like I mostly do , is unquestionably an unnatural act .
But so too is writing e-mail , working in an air - conditioned office , flying through the air at supersonic speeds ... all common practices in our modern world .
Cultural evolution outpaces biological evolution , and for very good reasons .
Changing dietary practice to fit current scientific and moral theory is a predictable and desirable aspect of such cultural evolutions .
" Animals do not have a sophisticated sense of their own mortality ( or that of their conspecifics ) .
Therefore they cannot be said to truly suffer , because they cannot comprehend what it is that they are losing . "
The premise here may be quite faulty .
The fact is that we do not really know what animals know about their own mortality .
Animals certainly behave as if they desire to live -- eating and drinking regularly , avoiding painful stimuli , hiding and escaping from known predators , etc .
Are these behaviours " mere instincts " ?
If so , some argue , we can comfortably treat animals like useful living machines -- as products to be consumed .
Unfortunately , we humans have not figured out a clever and conclusive way to find out for sure .
For one thing , we tend to use human standards ( e.g. , ritualized burial ) to judge the behaviour of other animals .
For another , the history of comparative psychology is fraught with retractions :
" Only humans can fashion and strategically use tools ...
Oops , guess not .
Chimps and ravens , huh ?
But , of course , only humans act altruistically ...
Oops , wrong again .
Ground squirrels and termites , you say ?
Surely only humans are capable of understanding symbolic language and number lines ...
What ?
Chimps ?
AGAIN ?!
Well , it 's quite obvious that only humans are capable of self - recognition .
What ?
Dolphins ?!?
That 's it , I quit . "
The line between Homo sapiens and the rest of the animal world blurs and shifts as our tools of inquiry improve .
To me , it is not a grand leap to suggest that animals do things in order to preserve life and avoid death , and not a much grander leap beyond that to suggest that they avoid death because they are aware of its finality .
But I may be wrong .
Let 's say I am , and let 's assume the original premise is true -- that animals are truly unaware of their mortality .
The same could be said for some humans , such as newborns and the comatose ; this is commonly referred in moral as the argument from marginal cases .
So , if you favor this argument , practice what you preach .
Go take a big bite out of Baby New Year and get back to me .
" On average , you have to eat many more plants ( e.g. , grapes ) than animals ( e.g. , cows ) to obtain the same amount of food value .
If all life is objectively worth the same amount , then meat - eating involves less overall killing and therefore is more ethical . "
I personally make no claim that all life is worth the same .
Indeed , I find it difficult to see how such a concept of worth could be objectively measured in the first place .
And one could pretty handily argue the math involved here .
( See my previous " food chain " example . )
But this is certainly an interesting position and not unheard of in world philosophy .
For example , Jainism , a dharmic religion , is predicated on the idea that all living things are ensouled .
The Jain philosophy advocates non-violence toward all living organisms , and involves dietary practices that extend well beyond common vegetarianism .
Strict Jains refuse to eat any food obtained through violent means .
So , onions are out -- harvesting root foods causes unnecessary deaths of healthy plants .
Yet even their rigorous behavioural code has some glaring loopholes .
For example , Jains commonly boil water and then cool it to a comfortable drinking temperature , thus doing " violence " to millions of ensouled microorganisms that would have otherwise lived a contented life within their guts .
( The guts of the Jains , of course , would suddenly become far less contented . )
It is common knowledge that microorganisms react to environmental stressors with complex electrochemical signals and escape movements .
As you read this millions of bacteria are living a content existence upon your skin , and will remain relatively undisturbed in their colonies until you next scour your body with hot water and soap .
I wonder if Natalie Angier will shed a tear for those little ones while washing up before sitting down to her crispy Christmas duck .
After all , if she 's scrubbing correctly , she 'll be committing microbial genocide on an absolutely staggering scale !
San Francisco - based band Jefferson Airplane came to establish itself as a psychedelic unit with communal vocal harmonies and a synthesis of folk , pop , jazz , blues , and rock elements .
When singer Marty Balin founded the band in 1965 , they became regular performers at the Matrix club in San Francisco .
The group 's original lineup , which featured mainstays Jorma Kaukonen ( guitar , vocals ) and Paul Kantner ( guitar , vocals ) , was fronted by singer Signe Toly ( later Signe Anderson ) , and were signed to RCA Victor after Skip Spence and Jack Casady joined the group in 1965 .
Spence soon departed — he would eventually found Moby Grape — as did Anderson following the band 's first record , 1966's Jefferson Airplane Takes Off.
Enter Grace Slick , former singer for SF - based group the Great Society , whose contralto would be featured on the band 's second album , 1967 's Surrealistic Pillow , a landmark psychedelic rock record and a major turning point for the band .
That record 's " Somebody to Love , " penned by Slick 's brother - in - law Darby , was the group 's first Top 40 hit , and Grace 's " White Rabbit " would reach the Top 10 just a few months later .
Slick 's strong voice and stage presence , as well as her good looks , helped the band 's commercial appeal and its stage show .
The band made extensive use of light shows at their concerts , becoming one of the first rock groups to manipulate their light show to completely support the music .
Later in 1967 , the band would make a famous appearance at the Monterey International Pop Festival , with two of their songs eventually featured in D.A. Pennebaker 's documentary of the festival .
Nationally , they became known as a central part of San Francisco 's music scene , and the group 's lineup would remain about the same through 1970 , with Slick and Kantner figuring as the group 's foremost songwriters ahead of Balin for November 1967 's After Bathing at Baxter's .
With Baxter 's and the following few records , the band still saw high album sales , but their heavier psych sound kept them from scoring further hit singles .
The Airplane would perform a few more famous gigs , including a slot at the Woodstock festival in 1969 , as well as the tragic Altamont Speedway gig in December 1969 , where Balin was knocked out by one of the Hells Angels hired to be " security " at the show .
Casady and Kaukonen began the blues project Hot Tuna in 1970 , and though the group managed to stay together long enough to record two more LPs — 1971's Bark and 1972's Long John Silver , various tensions had been splitting the group apart for its last few years .
Slick and Kanter 's romance , as well as Balin 's departure from the band in 1971 , prefaced the group 's final creative difficulties , with their last release being the live Thirty Seconds Over Winterland in 1973 .
Slick and Kantner would form Jefferson Starship in 1974 , and though Slick would retire from music after an Airplane reunion in 1989 , both Jefferson Starship and Hot Tuna continue to record and perform up to the present day .
May 25 , 2010
Trammel
I was planning on making a grand announcement about the launch of my Clojure contracts programming library Trammel , but got totally upstaged by something called Clojure / core .
^_^
While researching for The Joy of Clojure I eventually came by a few books about the Eiffel Programming Language and was blown away by its notion of design by contract© .
I ’ve posted before about Clojure ’s pre- and post - conditions but did n’t take it to the next step until chapter 7 of JoC — which forms the basis for Trammel .
At the moment I have only the base form contract returning a higher - order function that can then be partially applied to an existing function to “ apply ” a contract :
( def cheese - contract ( contract cheese [ x ] ( requires ( = x : cheese ) ) ( ensures ( string ? %) (= % " cheese " ) ) [ x y ] ( requires ( every ? #(= : cheese % ) [ x y ] ) ) ( ensures ( string ? % ) ) ) ) ( def do - something ( partial cheese - contract ( fn ( [ x ] ( name x ) ) ( [ x y ] ( str x y ) ) ) ) ) ( do - something : cheese ) ;=> " cheese " ( do - something : foo ) ; java.lang.AssertionError : Assert failed : ( = x : cheese ) ( do - something : cheese : cheese ) ;=> " : cheese : cheese " ( do - something : cheese :ham ) ; java.lang.AssertionError : Assert failed : ; ( every ? ( fn * [ p1__6079 # ] ( = : cheese p1__6079 # ) ) [ x y ] )
Anyway , Trammel is in its infancy but I think that I have a nice springboard for experimentation and expansion , including :
Abstracting out the use of partial ( in progress )
Better error messages Distinct pre and post exceptions
An all - in - one defn / contract ( in progress )
Study the heck out of everything Bertrand Meyer ever wrote ( in progress )
Choose better names than requires and ensures Facilities for slackening requires and tightening ensures ( in progress )
If you have any ideas or interesting references then I would be happy to discuss .
:f
A scientist oversees tests on algae specimens .
The technical director of European aerospace giant EADS said it is poised to unveil a " hybrid " aircraft which runs on algae fuel , a world first .
European aerospace giant EADS is poised to unveil a " hybrid " aircraft which runs on algae fuel , a world first , its technical director said on Friday .
The firm will present the machine at the Berlin Air Show ( ILA ) that runs from June 9 to 13 , Jean Botti told the Die Welt daily .
" At the ILA , we are going to fly for the first time a craft with biofuel that has been made 100 percent from algae .
That is a world premiere , " Botti said .
" We need a paradigm shift in the aviation industry .
We soon need an alternative to kerosene , " he said , adding : " If 10 percent of our fleet is flying with biofuel in 2040 , I would be extremely happy . "
Die Welt had reported the aircraft was a helicopter , but company spokesman Gregor Kursell later told AFP that the technology would be used only in planes .
Slimy , fast - growing and full of fat , algae is quickly gaining ground as a potential renewable energy source .
Experts say it is also potentially useful for its ability to gobble up carbon dioxide , a greenhouse gas , while living happily in places not needed for food crops .
" I have high hopes for algae , " said Botti .
Explore further Algae - Based Biofuel From Fish
( c ) 2010 AFP
‘ Oaksterdam ’
courtesy of ‘ spotreporting ’
MSNBC is running a story this afternoon citing numbers from the CFO ’s office that DC could stand to make $ 400,000 in taxation revenue from medical marijuana .
So little , I wondered aloud ?
They provide some justification , including the number that blew my mind just a little bit : they ’re saying that medicmainal weed will run $ 350 / oz for those eligible to purchase it , and it will be subject to 6 % sales tax .
According to VapeActive vaping is perhaps the fastest and easiest way to feel the potential benefits of CBD when experiencing chronic anxiety attacks , if you are asking which wax pen to buy then vapeactive.com will give you the answer .
So let ’s see :
Tax on Cigarettes , $ 2 / pack .
Tax on Liquor / Beer / Wine , 12 % .
Tax on other tobacco products except cigarettes and cigars : 12 % .
Tax on Weed : 6 % .
Waaaaait a second … I guess it ’s just subject to the same tax as other medications , but c’mon now , who expects this just to be used by people with legitimate medical needs ?
I honestly just prefer to get the products online , if you did n’t know about this , you can get details at i49.net/how-much-marijuana-can-i-yield - per-plant .
Tom Bridge I live and work in the District of Columbia .
I write at We Love DC , a blog I helped start , I work at Technolutionary , a company I helped start , and I ’m happy doing both .
I enjoy watching baseball , cooking , and gardening .
I grow a mean pepper , keep a clean scorebook , and wash the dishes when I ’m done .
Read Why I Love DC .
FYI most of these have been pretty well resized into wallpaper form .
I would suggest trying Wallbase and other image scrapers .
Ready to fight back ?
Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week .
You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation ’s journalism .
You can read our Privacy Policy here .
Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week .
Thank you for signing up .
For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $ 2 a month !
Support Progressive Journalism
The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter .
The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter .
Fight Back !
Sign up for Take Action Now and we ’ll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week .
You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation ’s journalism .
You can read our Privacy Policy here .
Sign up for Take Action Now and we ’ll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week .
Thank you for signing up .
For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation
Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits .
Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits .
Sign up for our Wine Club today .
Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine ?
It ’s possible that General Stanley McChrystal , the COIN freak who runs the war in Afghanistan , might be fired today by President Obama , not because of his fuck - ups in the war itself but thanks to a brilliant profile of McChrystal by Michael Hastings in Rolling Stone .
Ad Policy
It ’s been clear for a long that McChrystal was an insubordinate , power - hungry general who sees Afghanistan as the place to prove himself and his theories right , and everyone else wrong .
For some odd reason , President Obama has refused to fire him , even after his openly insubordinate political activity last summer and fall , when McChrystal orchestrated a campaign to pressure the White House to escalate the war .
( I wrote about that for Rolling Stone last October , in a piece called “ The Generals ’ Revolt . ” )
In the new Rolling Stone profile , Hastings hoists McChrystal and his aides — one of whom has already resigned — with their own arrogant petards .
McChrystal and his staff tell Hastings that Obama was unprepared to be president and that Obama was intimidated by the military brass .
They say that General Jones , the national security adviser , is a “ clown . ”
They laugh at Richard Holbrooke , and McChrystal jokes that he does n’t even want to read his e-mails .
When Hastings asks about Vice President Joe Biden , an aide makes a third - grader ’s pun on his name , calling him “ Bite Me , ” to general merriment .
And McChrystal slams senators such as John Kerry , chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , and John McCain for making publicity - stunt trips to Afghanistan .
McChrystal has been summoned back to Washington for a meeting with Obama , which could end in his dismissal .
Let ’s hope .
The aide who resigned , Duncan Boothby , was McChrystal ’s PR flack .
It is n’t clear whether he ’s out because he allowed Hastings unparalleled access to McChrystal or because it was Boothby who was responsible for some of the most outrageous comments to Rolling Stone .
Both are valid .
Either way , he ’s a goner .
Speaking on MSNBC , Eric Bates , Rolling Stone ’s executive editor — who ( full disclosure ) was also my editor on the piece last fall — explained the background to the piece this way :
Well , we got a really unprecedented access with him .
We spent — we reported this story over the course of several months .
We were with him on a trip in Europe that wound up getting extended because of the volcano in Iceland .
So our reporter was kind of trapped with him for about two weeks in Paris and traveling from Paris to Berlin .
They could n’t fly , so they had to take a bus .
So , we really spent a lot of time with him and really got to look behind the curtain , and hear how he and his men , top men , talk among themselves on their own .
Bates added that McChrystal and his aides knew that what they said was on the record
And Bates says :
Health Food Junkie
Obsession with dietary perfection can sometimes do more harm than good , says one who has been there .
by Steven Bratman , M.D .
Originally published in the October 1997 issue of YOGA JOURNAL .
Reprinted by permission of the author .
Twenty years ago I was a wholehearted , impassioned advocate of healing through food .
In those days I was a cook and organic farmer at a large commune in upstate New York .
Today , as a physician who practices alternative medicine , I still almost always recommend dietary improvement to my patients .
How could I not ?
A low - fat , semivegetarian diet helps prevent nearly all major illnesses , and more focused dietary interventions can dramatically improve specific health problems .
But I 'm no longer the true believer in nutritional medicine I used to be .
A team of Spanish researchers has made a high - speed recording of elves and sprites in storms , fleeting and luminous electric phenomena produced in the upper layers of the atmosphere .
Their analysis of these observations has been published in the Journal of Geophysical Research .
" This is the first time in Europe that we have been able to use high - speed video to detect transitory luminous phenomena taking place in the upper atmosphere -- so - called sprites ( in the form of a carrot or column ) and elves ( which are ring shaped ) , " Joan Montanyà , co-author of the study and a researcher at the Department of Electric Energy at the Polytechnic University of Catalonia ( UPC ) , said .
The results have been published in the Journal of Geophysical Research and show there are many fewer elves in storms that form over land than those at sea , where electric currents apparently have greater energy , especially in winter .
Some of the recordings show elves and sprites at the same time , evidence of the strength of lightning over the sea during winter storms .
The scientists also observed the interaction between two sprites .
A branch of one of them hit and bounced off the second , giving clues about their dynamics and electric structure .
Sprites normally appear for around 40 milliseconds and 20 or 30 kilometres away from the site of the lightning .
" All these phenomena are related with storms , particularly winter storms , but they only appear in mesoscale convective systems ( usually in large fronts ) , which produce lightning with high levels of energy or extreme electric currents , " explains Montanyà .
As it is difficult to record these phenomena in situ during storms , the researchers placed a high - speed video camera on land with an image intensifier .
This was used to remotely record a winter storm in the Western Mediterranean ( at a distance of between 400 and 1,000 kilometres ) between the coasts of Italy and Spain .
advertisement
The physics of electric discharges
" The observations made it possible not only to capture images of these short duration events , but also mean we can study the structure and dynamics of these highly unique electric discharges , " explains Montanyà .
" Understanding the physics behind lightning and events associated with it will help us to protect ourselves better , " the scientist points out , stressing the importance of research into sprites and elves to better understand other phenomena , such as gamma rays from terrestrial sources ( TGF , Terrestrial Gamma - ray Flash ) , which also develop above electric storms .
In fact , the European Space Agency ( ESA ) 's future Atmosphere - Space Interactions Monitor mission ( ASIM ) aims to monitor these phenomena by placing an instrument on the outside of the International Space Station , due to be launched in 2013 .
About sprites and elves
Sprites are electric discharges shaped in the form of a carrot or vertical column that form in the mesosphere ( at a height of between 50 and 85 km ) .
They often appear with a luminous " halo . "
Elves are rings that expand and propagate themselves horizontally at the speed of light across the base of the ionosphere ( 85-700 km ) .
There is also a third group , jets , which are bluish lightning bolts that can electrically connect the top of the clouds with the base of the ionosphere .
If you wanted to know how many pirated e-books are being downloaded , BitTorrent would be a good starting place .
TorrentFreak , a blog that covers these speedy , P2P downloads , recently decided to check the numbers .
The question : did e-book torrent downloading become more popular after the iPad 's launch ?
The answer was a resounding " kinda . "
While almost none of Amazon 's top ten appeared on public torrent trackers , six out of 10 books in the business category were available .
When TorrentFreak checked the before and after numbers , it found that the number of BitTorrent book downloads grew by an average of 78 percent in the days after the iPad went on sale .
Even so , the numbers were still tiny compared to the traffic in movies and music .
What does this mean ?
First , e-book piracy is still a small problem .
Right now it 's a very geeky pastime , which is reflected in the skew of these titles ( Getting Things Done , Freakonomics and The Tipping Point were on the TorrentFreak list ) .
This matches up with the usual early adopter profile , the people who would have bought the iPad on its opening weekend .
But where geeks go first , the general public will follow .
This happened with music .
Now almost nobody I know buys CDs : They pirate , and even my most hardcore book - loving friend is now a Kindle convert .
So will the iPad bring this attitude to books ?
First , there is the problem of digitizing books .
Right now , the best place to download e-books is via irc ( Internet Relay Chat ) , online chatrooms that predate the web .
The shared books are tiny text files .
Storage and download speed are no problem , but the subject matter is heavily skewed toward popular trash and sci-fi .
Original files come from those with enough time and patience to scan , OCR ( optical character recognition ) and proofread the resulting files , but the majority of what you find are duplicates of these .
Contrast this to music , where you pop a CD into your computer and wait a few minutes while it rips the tracks and downloads the metadata .
It is unlikely that there will be a way to scan books so easily at home anytime soon , but what about sharing e-books themselves ?
If Apple makes its iBooks app available on the Mac or PC , then copying an entire book , even if protected by DRM , will be as simple as automating screenshots of pages and sending them to an OCR program .
Only a single copy of a book will need to be pirated thusly and it will then be compromised forever .
Blaming the iPad is stupid , though .
If it causes a rise in book piracy , it is only because it is driving demand .
The book industry should embrace this and give us what we want : cheap books , published day - and - date with their paper equivalents , along with all back - catalog titles made available .
And preferably DRM - free .
There is evidence that this is happening already .
The iBooks Store will be rolling out with the iPad as it goes on sale across the world .
The iTunes Music Store , by contrast , took years to negotiate itself into non-U.S. markets , and in many countries you still can't get movies or TV shows .
That these deals are in place mere months after the iPad was announced shows that the book industry is at least trying to move into the digital future .
The iPad is fast shaping up to be the go - to e-reading device .
Between Apple 's iBooks , Amazon 's Kindle for iPad and the slew of other e-readers in the App Store ( although curiously , our favorite Stanza is still absent on the iPad ) , you can buy and read almost any e-book out there .
Blaming the iPad for kicking - off book piracy is foolish .
It 's an opportunity , and if book publishers mess it up , they have already seen what happened to the recording industry .
eBook Piracy ‘ Surges ’ After iPad Launch [ TorrentFreak ]
Is iPad supercharging e-book piracy ?
[ CNET .
Thanks , David ! ]
Photo : jblyberg / Flickr
See Also :
Dozens of people have been arrested after melees in Times Square and near Penn Station that left at least four people shot by guns or a BB gun .
According to WABC 7 , " The violence broke out after a yearly Easter Night ritual of a roving band of rowdy youths walking to Times Square after attending the auto show at the Javits Center . "
And a security guard in Times Square told the Post , " This kind of nonsense [ on Easter night ] has been going on for the five years I 've been here . "
WABC 7 has details on the shootings : Just after midnight , a 21 - year - old man was shot in the ankle at 41st Street and 7th Avenue , outside the New York Sports Club .
Then , around 1 a.m. , a woman was shot in the face by a BB gun at 51st and 7th Avenue .
After 2 a.m. , two women were shot — one in the elbow , another in the thigh — at 34th Street and 7th Avenue , in front of Macy's .
None of the victims ' injuries appear to be life - threatening .
By 2 a.m. , apparently 45 adults and nine juveniles were taken into custody — about 20 were nabbed near 34th and 7th Avenue — as police closed streets and swarmed the area on foot , horseback and scooters .
A Times Square restaurant manager told the Post , " There 's a lot of young kids outside in groups of 15 to 20 people , and police are running to catch them .
Kids come in cursing at employees and we ask them to leave . "
Some establishments close for fears of Easter night gang initiation ; in 2006 , there were 3 stabbings after hundreds of gang members converged .
Before Formula 1 entered the modern era , it was a place where wild ideas ruled .
Mattijs Diepraam of 8W penned this in - depth look at the six - wheeled Tyrrell P34 , one of the most crowd - pleasing race cars ever built .
— Ed .
Advertisement
Note :
This is an excerpt from a larger story , one that focuses on the history of six - wheeled cars in Formula 1 .
( Yes , there are more . )
That story can be found here .
A childhood dream in action .
In the eyes of an 8 - year - old , a six - wheeled racing machine was the self - styled art of science fiction having become instant reality .
A car unlike anything you saw in the street , the P34 hit your brain like a ton of bricks .
And then it won in Sweden , and came second there as well .
Its beauty was in the eye of the beholder and had to grow on you , but as a bold statement of progress and modernity , it was an immediate success .
Advertisement
History usually repeats itself , and grand - prix history does n't escape that axiom .
When it comes to motor racing technology , there is a definite pattern of rule changes followed by a rush in technological advancements .
This is in turn followed by a period of stability , i.e. designers all working in the same direction to make the cars faster and faster , only to be curbed by another major rule change .
This usually creates a paradigm shift that works to start the whole merry - go - round of technology anew .
It is that period following a regulations change that invariably sees the greatest designers perform at their best , resulting in a huge flurry of widely varying solutions to the same challenge .
And it is seldom the inventions that best capture the imagination that win .
Four - wheel drive lost out to aerodynamics and wide slick tires .
Six - wheelers had to bite the dust in their battle against ground effects and turbo engines .
A technological paradigm shift does n't need a rule change per se , although it usually comes in handy , like in the late sixties when the 3.0 - liter formula set off a flood of extremely diverse answers in the effort to gain more traction from the power surge caused by the Cosworth DFV ( in itself a winner among several engine design failures , such as the BRM H16 ) .
Some of the traction - improving innovations , like four - wheel drive and turbine power , hit a dead end .
Others , like aerofoils and slicks , provided effective and cost - efficient solutions to the same problem .
And it is both effectiveness and cost - efficiency — winning over sheer beauty and / or ingenuity — that have invariably proven to be the two major arguments supporting any widespread use of technology .
Ten years on , and stability in the 3.0 - liter formula had reached its zenith .
The crude aerofoils of the late sixties had become intricate rear wings .
Rear - tire sizes had exploded .
The same applied to the cars ' frontal area .
On the regulations front tea - pot airboxes had just been outlawed , while the safety - inspired deformable - structure rules of 1973 had also brought new levels of chassis stiffness .
Furthermore , the oil crisis was among the reasons for teams to standardize around the Hewland ' box and the DFV which , if anything , had become underpowered relative to the advances in mechanical and aerodynamical grip .
With Ferrari the only team with the financial capability to go its own way — and rather successfully so — technological progress within the 3.0 - litre formula was in a deadlock during the mid-1970s .
Or so it seemed .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
A mere year before Renault and Lotus made their first waves ( turbocharging and ground effects , respectively ) , there was another invention that caught the public eye .
Remember , this was still at a time when you only had a choice of Ford and Hewland for driveline suppliers .
It was also the time when there was still debate over such aerodynamically vital issues as the location of radiators and the shape of the frontal area ( wedge or stub ? )
And then Tyrrell designer Derek Gardner came up with a solution that seemed logical in that small frame of time : the six - wheeler .
Advertisement
In fact , Gardner 's was not the first six - wheeler in the history of single - seater racing .
In the late 1940s , Indy racing had seen a hideous contraption called the Pat Clancy Special , raced by Billy DeVore in 1948 .
This was a four - wheel - drive machine with power going to two rear axles .
It was amazingly quick in a straight line but impossible to get around corners — of which Indianapolis has four .
A similar concept was employed in the stillborn 1939 Mercedes Type 80 that undoubtedly would have done miracles in speed record attempts , had the war not interrupted proceedings .
The P34 was new and unique in that it had two front axles .
And it would remain unique .
The concept had been looming in designer Derek Gardner 's mind for over a decade , as on the back of his Ferguson - Novi P104 four - wheel - drive Indy Car design of 1964 ( see our four - wheel drive story ) , he proposed a six - wheeled , four - wheel drive version of the car to Andy Granatelli .
This would have drive going to the rear wheels and the rear front wheels .
One step ahead of everyone 's imagination , it never got past the drawing board , allowing the turbine STP Lotus 56s to become Granatelli 's revolutionary pet .
However , Gardner never let go of the idea .
Although the car would eventually be Gardner 's final design for Tyrrell , it had been reared in very much the same fashion as the 001 , in the secrecy usually attributed to major manufacturers .
Yet this was another example of garagiste innovation , an all - out attempt to win back the territory lost to Ferrari , to gain the unfair advantage within the existing set of rules — just as Renault and Lotus would do only a year later .
The theory was that its four tiny ten - inch front wheels would increase mechanical front - end grip , with more rubber on the road , and thus eliminate understeer while at the same time improve cornering and braking .
There was another popular theory , centering around the elimination of drag by reducing front - tyre size , but that theory is not quite up to scratch , since the freed airflow only went as far as the huge rear tyres .
With the bluff nose almost completely hiding the front tyres it did however mean that Gardner designed an aerodynamically more efficient machine .
He thus increased front - end grip and at the same time reduced front - end drag .
Advertisement
When it was revealed it was the instant sensation of the 1976 season .
The car was a photo opportunity on wheels and must have given
Elf more free publicity in the 1976 pre-season and beyond than it garnered during the whole of 1974 and 1975 by donning the sides of the pretty , but traditional , 007 .
The striking new blue and yellow livery did the rest .
Advertisement
The Project 34 prototype had to gain interest by its six wheels alone , however .
In this Silverstone pit lane picture , shortly after its formal introduction , the car still basically looks like a 007 with a peculiar front side attached to it .
The 1975 - style colour scheme only adds to this impression .
After this , the wedge - shaped nose of the 007 was first replaced by a Brabham - style nose and then a full - width stub nose also seen on the Marches of the era , while the sidepods were not yet raised at the outer edges up to the height of the front wheels .
Also missing in the pitlane shot were the familiar cockpit - side windows allowing the drivers to see where the front wheels were going .
Advertisement
All of these issues were adressed in testing while Jody Scheckter and Patrick Depailler started the season in their trusty 007s , the two amassing five and ten points respectively .
Meanwhile the first three races had shown that Hunt 's M23 was the only car capable of taking on the Ferraris .
Back from the overseas events Depailler ( who , as opposed to Scheckter , was enthusiastic about the project from the start ) was entrusted with the car 's debut in Spain , and he immediately qualified it third , with Scheckter languishing in 14th in the 007 .
Patrick 's race ended with an off on lap 25 but he confirmed the car 's pace in Belgium by taking fourth on the grid , behind the two Ferraris and Hunt 's McLaren , but by the much smaller margin of 0.15s .
Jody in his P34 debut placed the car 7th , three tenths adrift of Depailler , but he was the one to record the P34's first finish with a distant fourth behind the V12s of Lauda , Regazzoni and Laffite .
Then came Monaco , where the P34s had pretty much reached their definitive 1976 shape .
Here the cars could show their cornering ability against the other DFV cars , notably the M23s , known to be quick on a straight but notoriously worthless on slow circuits .
This was confirmed by Hunt qualifying 14th .
While the Ferraris were again out of reach in qualifying , the Tyrrells were only separated from them by a typical problem - evasing effort by Ronnie Peterson , placing him third on the grid , although the full - width nose of the March will also have contributed to Ronnie 's performance , testimony of Hans Stuck qualifying 6th in his Jäegermeister car .
The rest of the field was trailing the Tyrrells by at least a second .
In the race Scheckter put up a fight against Niki Lauda , finishing second 11s adrift , with Depailler taking the final podium spot .
This was looking good .
Advertisement
Roll on Anderstorp and its endless middle - speed corners begging for front - end grip .
Here Jody Scheckter took pole ahead of the surprising Andretti and Amon , with Depailler in fourth .
In the race the Tyrrells strode imperiously to a crushing one - two after the development DFV of a fast - starting Andretti blew itself up on lap 45 .
The South African , who when later probed confided that he thought the six - wheeled concept ridiculous , was beaming on the podium .
Although Lauda was way ahead in the standings ( on 52 points ) , Jody now was second in the championship ( 23 points ) , with Patrick a close third ( 20 points ) .
Ken Tyrrell had something going here .
Would the Stewart years be making a comeback ?
In the end , nothing came of it .
The Swedish walkover proved to be a fluke , and the cars became mere bit players among the front - runners , with all the attention - grabbing being done by the McLaren team and their slug match with Ferrari , both on - track and off - track .
Granted , the high - speed Paul Ricard circuit was perfect for the slippery M23 , with Depailler — usually the better qualifier — doing great to take a close second .
His team mate went on to score similar fine results amidst controversy at Brands and tragedy at the ' Ring , both tracks better suited to the P34 anyway .
But their qualifying form was starting to slip , especially at the Österreichring and Zandvoort , where the cars were expected to perform well .
In the North American races both Patrick and Jody came back to take a second place each while at Fuji the Frenchman fought hard to take yet another runner - up spot , ahead of the new World Champion .
The overall impression was that the six - wheeler had done reasonably well , especially in the races , but that a normal four - wheeled 007 development would probably have done equally well , perhaps with the exception of the P34's Swedish performance .
The car had also failed to qualify upfront consistently while some of the late - season results could hardly be qualified as encouraging .
In this stage of development you would expect more from a revolutionary design like this to justify its revolutionary status .
Instead , the results were probably down to the drivers ' talent and perseverance .
Advertisement
The P34s of 1977 sported a distinctively different look .
The quaint elegance of 1976 — to which the team momentarily reversed in the Monaco and Belgian GP of ' 77 — was lost to efforts from the team to get the tiny front tires to work .
This was all due to Goodyear lagging behind in development of the special tires and instead concentrating on its renewed battle with Michelin .
With the tiny front tires not getting up to temperature while Akron 's new rears were the soft ones it put up against the French rubber the cars suffered deerly , resulting in desperate measures to dial out the understeer .
These attempts were further hampered by the extra weight that came with the concept .
Four front tires also meant four front suspensions and brakes , and a four - wheel steering rack .
Elsewhere weight was eliminated , cutting into the strength of the car .
Advertisement
The solution effectively had become the problem .
All it meant was that 1977 would become the first season Tyrrell would go without a race win .
The cars kept handling badly , and concurrently , would look more awful with every race , culminating in the bulky , heavy monster that Peterson and Depailler had to handle in the late - season North American races .
Look at Patrick 's P34 in Canada — the front tires are almost sticking out of their once cosy confinement , while the cockpit surroundings have become whale - shaped and featureless compared to the slim and purposeful looks of the original P34 .
Even the sponsor names look out of place .
So the less said about the actual results , the better .
Except that they were generally lousy .
Patrick Depailler was a star to take three podiums with this car ( unwieldy looks or not , he took this car to a close second behind former team mate Scheckter in Canada ! ) while it took Ronnie until a rain - washed race at Zolder to score his first points of the season in the old - style car !
Advertisement
What had happened ?
Probably a combination of factors .
Front - tire development was of course critical to the P34's performance , and while the car 's pace at best levelled out because of the lack of it , the P34 was effectively overtaken by the ground - effects Lotus 78 , the car that should have walked the 1977 championship had it been built more reliably .
The new Wolf in the hands of a capable driver was another example of what a simple car could still do , while an inspired James Hunt was able to squeeze yet another competitive season out of the M23 .
And , of course , in terms of consistency and pace , no - one had been able to outsmart Ferrari and Niki Lauda .
All of this would change in 1978 and it is tempting to think of what the six - wheeler concept would have done in the ground - effects era .
For one , mechanical grip would have been a lesser issue in a wing car .
And second , the narrow - track front tires would have blocked the free flow of air underneath the chassis and through the sidepods .
Conversely , a concept with two wheels at the front and four at the back , all of the same size , would have been a huge advantage , as the smaller rear tires would have helped in the way of taking the big rear tires out of the equasion , thus allowing for ground effects that would stretch beyond the rear wheels .
In fact , this is exactly what another leading team thought of at the start of the eighties , but we are getting ahead of things now .
Advertisement
After Tyrrell 's 1977 disillusion and with Gardner 's health deteriorating the designer parted with the team , being replaced by Maurice Philippe of Lotus 72 fame , who was hired by Gardner to adapt the P34 for a shock Renault turbo customer deal that eventually fell through .
Philippe designed the 008 , which won the 1978 Monaco GP at the hands of Patrick Depailler , but was also responsible for the disappointing 79 and FW07 clones ( 009 and 010 ) that led to Tyrrell becoming an also - ran , a downfall that the team never really recovered from , in spite of a few giant - killing performances by Michele Alboreto .
Advertisement
Ironically , with Avon manufacturing new front tires for the P34 , it was given a new lease of life through the efforts of Simon Bull .
Precisely twenty years after it was forced into retirement the Antiques Roadshow clock and watch expert took delivery of a 1977 - spec P34 raced by Ronnie Peterson .
Since 1996
Bull had been the enthusiastic entrant of an ex-Stewart Tyrrell 005 , having become acquainted to Derek Gardner during his time as the owner of the March 712 M that gave his loyal racer Martin Stretton the 1994 Historic European Formula
Two title .
Here , Gary Critcher relates how , having discussed the merits of 005 with Gardner , Bull stumbled on an advertisement for the very car one week later !
He bought and rebuilt it for Stretton to win the inaugural FIA Thoroughbred Grand Prix Championship of 1996 .
Advertisement
This led to Bull and Stretton targeting a P34 that had lived a dormant life in the hands of Jean - Pierre Jarier .
JPJ had received this chassis , P34/6 , as a gift after leaving the Tyrrell team .
" Jumper " allowed it to be put on display in a French museum before selling it to a German collector .
The duo made a deal with the German and managed to interest TGP 's control tire manufacturer
Avon into specially producing the front tires .
After a complete rebuild the car was entered for the 1999 TGP season .
Advertisement
As in 1976 , the car was an instant hit with the fans .
And it was on form too .
It started with some promising qualifying and race results ( including class wins ) before taking an outright win in its fifth races , against much younger and faster ground - effect machinery .
But this time , as opposed to 1976 , progress did n't halt .
Stretton managed to acquire a special feel for the car , and the special Avon tires really made the car work as it was always supposed to have done .
To Gardner it was unfinished business finally reaching full circle .
At the end of the season P34/6 had easily won its class of the TGP championship .
In the overall standings Stretton was a close runner - up to Bob Berridge in the more sophisticated 1982 Williams FW08B .
In 2000 Martin went one better and became the unchallenged TGP champion .
In Stretton 's hands the car also proved itself to be an able hillclimber , as could be witnessed at the Goodwood Festival of Speed in 2000 and 2002 .
In 2000 , Martin 's spectacular no -holds - barred style brought FTD to P34/6 while he was only beaten by the mid-nineties 850 bhp Toyota Celica hillclimb special of Rod Millen in the 2002 event .
It gave everyone present a good impression of what could have been .
Advertisement
Today the answer to the question is simple again .
What does a racing car look like ?
It 's got four wheels and a steering wheel , with the engine in the back driving the rear wheels .
Apparently , the 21st century is no time for playing around in another ballpark .
Advertisement
8W , part of Forix .
Autosport.com , is a motorsport history portal .
The site covers the " drivers , cars , circuits , eras and technology that shaped the face , sounds and smells of motor racing . "
This story originally appeared on 8W on August 21 , 2002 .
For more on the history of six - wheeled racing cars , including efforts from Williams and Ferrari , read the original , uncut version of this story here .
Advertisement
Photo Credits : Brian Snelson / Flickr , Lothar Spurzem / Wikipedia , Siegfried Wessler / Wikipedia , Russell Whitworth / Wikipedia
Attorney General Eric H. Holder Jr. said Sunday the administration wants a “ public safety exception ” to allow investigators to question terror suspects before they are read their Miranda rights or allowed to consult with a lawyer .
Mr. Holder , appearing on NBC’s “ Meet the Press ” on Sunday , said the law enforcement community needs more flexibility to question suspects — within constitutional bounds .
The attorney general defended the Obama administration , which has been criticized for reading Miranda rights to the suspects in the Times Square bombing attempt and the Christmas Day attempt to blow up an airliner over Detroit .
Mr. Holder said Faisal Shahzad , the Times Square suspect , continued to answer questions after getting the Miranda warnings , but that the administration had changed its position on the Miranda rights because of the “ threats that we now face . ”
On ABC ’s “ This Week , ” Mr. Holder said : “ The [ Miranda ] system we have in place has proven to be effective .
I think we also want to look and determine whether we have the necessary flexibility — whether we have a system that deals with situations that agents now confront … .
We ’re now dealing with international terrorism … .
I think we have to give serious consideration to at least modifying that public - safety exception . ”
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
High School Reporter Embarrasses State Senator
Featured 06/21/2010
This geeky kid might not be getting laid but he sure can make Arizona state senator , John Huppenthal , squirm .
For Two Violins and Piano
Plug & socket types
There are 15 types of electrical outlet plugs in use today , each of which has been assigned a letter by the U.S. Department of Commerce International Trade Administration ( ITA ) , starting with A and moving through the alphabet .
These letters are completely arbitrary : they do n’t actually mandate anything .
Click here for a global map showing the spread of the different plug types used around the world .
Even with the launch of Froyo right around the corner for many devices out there ( “ right around the corner ” is a relative term ) , those who follow Android enough know that the next build of the Google mobile Operating System is already in the works within the Android team .
Codenamed “ Gingerbread , ” as soon as the masses learned about it , the questions already began .
And while we know that the User Interface is going to get an overhaul , there were still plenty of questions left unanswered .
Well , things are starting to clear up .
Thanks to Mobile - Review , details just came in .
Fast and heavy .
What should you expect ?
This : Gingerbread is going to launch some time in the middle of October .
Maybe around the 15th or 16th , and the first handsets to feature the new OS will hit shelves just in time for the holiday shopping season , or November / December .
And , just like Windows Phone 7 , Android will now have a minimum specification to run its platform .
Those would be : 1GHz processor and 512MB of RAM ; and your device will need to have a display that ’s 3.5 - inches or more .
There will be support for 1280 ×760 resolution for handsets that rock a 4 - inch display or higher .
And , what ’s more interesting , is that the upgraded UX will actually look like the updated 3D Gallery application that was released on the Nexus One .
Apparently , that look and feel , with lofty transitions , will be embedded throughout the whole Operating System .
And , lastly , it sounds like Android is splitting into two teams , essentially .
Gingerbread , or 3.0 , will be or high - end devices , while lower - end gadgets will stick to Android 2.1/2.2 .
If any of this turns out to be true , and we have no reason to think that it wo n’t be , then we ’re even more excited for Gingerbread than we were before .
We ’re hoping some official details start to break cover soon .
We ’ll keep our ear to the ground , so as soon as we hear more , we ’ll pass it along .
[ via Unwiredview ]
SAN JOSE , Calif . --
Do they know the way to San Jose 's net ?
That was n't apparent in
, when the Detroit Red Wings registered only 23 shots on goal , just four shots during five power plays .
They have had two days to make adjustments heading into Game 2 of the Western Conference semifinal series Sunday at HP Pavilion .
And the Red Wings , who averaged 37 shots per game in the first round against Phoenix , know they must make goaltender Evgeni Nabokov work harder .
" You got to give them a lot of credit .
They did a good job of cutting off the ( point shots ) on us , " Detroit coach Mike Babcock said .
" I did n't think we were near hard enough on Nabokov . "
The Red Wings were somewhat satisfied with their shot attempts .
They had 22 missed shots and another 21 that were blocked by the Sharks .
" I think we can do an even better job of that , get guys to the net and get the puck there and somehow there 's going to be a bounce or two , " defenseman Niklas Kronwall said .
The Sharks are allowing only 23 shots per game in regulation during the playoffs .
But they realize the Red Wings are far more potent than their first - round foe , Colorado .
San Jose coach Todd McLellan is n't counting on being able to limit Detroit 's power play to so few opportunities .
" I do n't know if we 'll be able to continue that because they are skilled , " McLellan said .
" But we did a good job of breaking them down on the entry .
And after that , our goaltender made some saves and did n't give up many rebounds on the power - play situations . "
The Red Wings have no power - play goals in three of their past four games , going 0 - for - 16 .
In the other one , Game 7 vs. Phoenix , they were 3 - for - 6 .
" I thought they were doing a good job on their blue line , standing up , putting pressure on us , " Red Wings captain Nicklas Lidstrom said .
" We did n't really get set up on every power play .
They were forcing it real well and not giving us any time with the puck . "
It 's an all - time top five game for me .
A thing that exists in my memory as a moment of sheer wonder .
As I recently learned with Zak McKracken , it 's not always safe to revisit such places .
How can something live up to decades of emboldened memories ?
Well , by being as good as Day of the Tentacle .
I think if you surveyed people for their favourite LucasArts adventure , the chances are Grim Fandango would come top .
For me it 's always been Day of the Tentacle .
Not because it 's a deeper story , richer idea , more brilliant world , because it 's definitely none of those things compared to Grim .
But because it 's a pure comedy .
And that 's one of the rarest gems in the world of gaming .
I remember buying it .
From Guildford 's only computer game shop in 1993 , Ultima .
Run by a moustachioed Italian called Mario , and his brother .
True story .
It was sold in a tall , triangular box , impossible to shelve , and thus stacked in a special display .
Genius marketing .
That giant triangular prism contained only a thin cardboard CD sleeve and a tall thin manual .
It was a glorious waste of space .
It was an object to treasure .
A sequel to Maniac Mansion - originally released in 1987 - it 's quite peculiar how it makes little effort to bring players up to speed with the characters or previous incidents .
This is one of the cleverest puzzles ever .
Six years on , you 'd imagine a little of the history of the relationship between three protagonists , Bernard , Laverne and Hoagie , and the Edison family would be offered .
But instead you 're thrown in there , the knowledge assumed , but certainly not necessary .
And of course the entire original game is found hidden inside this one for those determined to fill in the blanks .
So you have the nerdy Bernard , roadie metaller Hoagie , and space cadet Laverne returning to the mansion to help Dr Fred Edison with the calamity that has befallen him .
One of his tentacle pets , Purple , has consumed toxic sludge and has been transformed into an evil genius planning to take over the world .
Edison 's plan : to send the three friends back in time to yesterday to switch off the sludge and thus prevent the incident from occurring .
Of course , this is time travel , so it goes wrong .
Cheap imitation diamonds are responsible .
So Hoagie gets sent back 200 years to Colonial America as the United States Constitution is being written in the same mansion .
Laverne is sent 200 years into the future where tentacles have taken over the world , and now keep humans as their pets , stuck inside a futuristic version of the mansion .
Bernard finds himself still in the present day , and with the help of Dr Edison begins a rescue attempt to help the other two .
And this is where DOTT 's most brilliant feature begins : the port - a - loo - themed time machines , Chron - O - Johns , can flush objects through time between the characters , and as such you begin to think and play in four dimensions .
The computer behind Bernard contains all of Maniac Mansion .
Unless you 're playing via ScummVM .
For instance , Laverne begins stuck in a tree .
So what to do about that ?
Well , we all know George Washington had a thing for cutting down cherry trees , do n't we ?
So that kumquat tree - paint it red .
Point it out to the president - to - be , and he 'll chop it down .
Laverne 's free !
This dynamic is so fantastically rewarding , and most pleasantly , almost never sensible .
Perhaps the most real - world logic comes when attempting to create vinegar .
Get some wine into a time capsule , then open it four hundred years in the future .
Old wine = vinegar , so then flush that back to Hoagie and he has the ingredient he needs .
Far more often you 'll be deep - freezing hamsters , reversing statues ( using a left - handed hammer , of course ) and changing the American flag to be a tentacle costume .
What 's most splendid about this is just how intuitive it is in its absence of logic .
The hamster , once defrosted , is very cold .
So to warm it up , why not use a jumper from the present day ?
But not only would it get soggy if flushed forward , but it 's far too big for a hamster - let alone that it 's stuck under a very heavy sleeping man .
Once retrieved the most obvious course of action is to put it into a tumble dryer with enough quarters stuffed into the coin slot to keep it drying for the next 200 years .
The punchline , as you walk Laverne into the mysteriously preserved laundry room , is wonderful .
As you walk through the door - DING !
- it 's finished .
And of course hamster - sized .
BOEHNER WANTS YOU TO PICK UP THE TAB … .
Tom Donohue , head of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce , raised a few eyebrows last week when he addressed the costs of the BP oil spill disaster .
While President Obama and congressional Democrats have been emphasizing the need for the oil giant to pay for its own catastrophe , Donohue said he wanted to spread the burden around .
“ Everybody is going to contribute to this clean up ; we are all going to have to do it , ” he said .
“ We are going to have to get the money from the government and from the companies and we will figure out a way to do that . ”
And when Donohue says “ money from the government , ” that necessarily means money from American taxpayers .
When he says “ we ” are “ all ” going to have to bear the financial burden , Donohue is suggesting the public and BP split the tab .
Of course , congressional Republicans and the Chamber of Commerce are joined at the hip .
Does the GOP agree with their buddy Donohue about taxpayers helping pay for the disaster ?
Actually , yes .
Brian Beutler has this report .
In response to a question from TPMDC , House Minority Leader John Boehner backed Tom Donohue , President of the Chamber of Commerce , in saying taxpayers should help pick up the tab .
“ I think the people responsible in the oil spill — BP and the federal government — should take full responsibility for what ’s happening there . ” [ … ]
The Chamber is extremely influential in Republican politics , so on that level it ’s not particularly surprising that Boehner has Donohue ’s back on this one .
But the politics of asking the federal government ( i.e. taxpayers ) to help cover the multi-billion dollar cleanup and rescue efforts are deadly .
Look for Democrats to jump all over this one .
As well they should .
Politically , this is a potential game - changer .
There ’s ample polling data that reflects public frustration about the disaster in the Gulf , and that ’s certainly understandable .
But if the cost debate turns partisan —
Dems want BP to pick up the tab ; Republicans want you to pick up the tab — it can change the politics of the story in a hurry .
Does Boehner really want to see Republican candidates explaining this fall why they want their constituents to pay for BP ’s disaster ?
The 30 - second ads write themselves .
Update : Boehner ’s office is now trying to walk this back .
The spin , however , is n’t especially persuasive .
Mattress Protector
Our premium mattress protector comes with a life time warranty , and is the only mattress protector on the market to make such an offer .
Invest in the ultimate mattress protector on the market today and experience the benefits for yourself a mattress protector can provide .
The perks of a mattress protector are numerous and there is no reason any mattress should be without a mattress protector .
These mattress protectors have been tested and APPROVED by Entomologists !
See Bed Bug Mattress TESTING results from an Entomologist here .
Our premium mattress protector offers inpenetrable , reinforced seams for the ultimate durability .
The tear resistant mirco - polyester provides your mattress with long term protection from dust mites , allergens , parasites and bio-fluids .
Our premium mattress protector is even machine washable for your convenience .
The breathable micro-polyester fabric allows our premium mattress protector to provide your mattress protection while providing you the utmost comfort and best sleep you can get .
Do n't worry about sweat , spills , drinks and body fluids staining your mattress any longer .
Our premium mattress protectors are liquid resistant and will protect your mattress from any sort of liquid .
Our premium mattress protector has been given a stamp of approval from the American Sleep Association for comfort and quality .
This machine washable mattress protector is a sure fit to provide all 6 sides of your mattress the best protection any mattress protector can offer .
Benefits of our Premium Mattress Protector :
Mattress Protector features 6 - sided mattress protection
One of the few machine washable Mattress Protectors
Mattress Protector 100 % micro-polyester
Our Mattress Protector feature breathable fabric to enhance sleep quality
The fabric of our Mattress protector is quiet and noise - free during movement
A Lifetime Warranty comes with our Mattress Protector
American Sleep Association endorses our Premium Mattress Protector
Mattress Protector features a patent pending micro zipper technology with security plate
Impenetrable reinforced seams strengthens the quality and durability of our Mattress Protector
SIZES : Crib ( BB_00006 ) - 28 ″ x 52 ″ x 6 ″ Deep - More Details Twin ( BB_00007 ) - 39 ″ x 75 ″ x 9 ″ Deep - More Details XL Twin ( BB_00008 ) - 39 ″ x 80 ″ x 9 ″ Deep - More Details Full ( BB_00009 ) - 54 ″ x 75 ″ x 16 ″ Deep - More Details Queen ( BB_00010 ) - 60 ″ x 80 ″ x 16 ″ Deep - More Details King ( BB_00011 ) - 78 ″ x 80 ″ x 16 ″ Deep - More Details California King ( BB_00012 ) - 72 ″ x 84 ″ x 16 ″ Deep - More Details
Christian fundamentalist websites are trying to show Islam in bad light by quoting hadiths and showing how un-scientific they are .
One of the website says : " A few teachings found in these divinely inspired texts include the medical virtues of camel urine :
The prophet ordered them to follow his camels , and drink their milk and urine , so they followed the camels and drank their milk and urine till their bodies became healthy . " t was the first time I heard the hadith , and it really got me thinking .
Sure , we all know anti-biotics are made of mold ... but camel urine ?
I decided to research the whole thing and reply to him .
I was quite surprised to find that while the Prophet Muhammad had indeed recommended camel urine to these guys , man , people have been drinking their own stuff for ages !
Heres my reply , hope I can help some people who are ' drowning ' in confusion .... I know the feeling ....
First lets look at the hadith : Narrated Abu Qilaba : " Anas said , " Some people of ' Ukl or ' Uraina tribe came to Medina and its climate did not suit them .
So the Prophet ordered them to go to the herd of ( Milch ) camels and to drink their milk and urine ( as a medicine ) .
So they went as directed and after they became healthy , they killed the shepherd of the Prophet and drove away all the camels .
The news reached the Prophet early in the morning and he sent ( men ) in their pursuit and they were captured and brought at noon .
He then ordered to cut their hands and feet ( and it was done ) , and their eyes were branded with heated pieces of iron , They were put in ' Al - Harra ' and when they asked for water , no water was given to them . "
Abu Qilaba said , " Those people committed theft and murder , became infidels after embracing Islam and fought against Allah and His Apostle .
( Sahih Bukhari , Ablutions ( Wudu ' ) , Volume 1 , Book 4 , Number 234 ) " MY REFUTATION :
Do you know what ’s in your medication ?
How do you know it ’s any better than camel urine ?
Who would ever think that a drop of human discharge could become a complex living being ?
Who would have ever thought camel urine MAY cure an illness ?
I put together this article about ‘ urine - therapy ’ .
You will be surprised .
History of Urine - Therapy
The history of drinking urine for therapeutic purposes dates back at least to the Holy Roman Empire when great urinal troths were erected in the public squares of each city - state for residents to both contribute to , and benefit from .
For centuries European Gypsies have known about the curative properties of urine , using cow urine to cure Bright 's Disease ( several acute and chronic diseases of the kidneys which produce albumin in urine ) .
It has also been reported that the Yogis and Lamas of Tibet reach extended ages by drinking their own urine .
Through the ages there have been literally thousands of champions of this curious practice :
In the early 1800s , a book titled One Thousand Notable
Things describes the use of urine to cure scurvy , relieve skin itching , cleanse wounds , and many other treatments .
An 18th century French dentist praised urine as a valuable mouthwash .
In England during the 1860 - 70s , the drinking of one 's own urine was a common cure for jaundice .
In more modern times , the Alaskan Eskimos have used urine as an antiseptic to treat wounds .
“ For hundreds of years , other cultures have used urine to treat a wide variety of health problems .
Practitioners of Ayurvedic medicine ( from India ) routinely use urine as a remedy .
Daily doses of 1 to 2 ounces of warm cow ’s urine is used to treat cirrhosis of the liver .
It is also prescribed as a diuretic , a laxative , and as a treatment for chronic malaria , headaches and fever .
Goat ’s urine is used for the same type of problems , while ox urine is prescribed to relive jaundice , worms , and diarrhea .
Camel urine is used as a stimulant in cardiovascular disease .
Human urine , however , still remains the most popular remedy . ”
Excerpts from Vol. 5 , No. 14 August , 1994 Alternatives For the Health Conscious Individual
The standard authority for drugs in Europe until the end of the eighteenth century was Lamery 's Dictionnaire Universelle des Drogues .
One of the late editions , published in 1759 , contains a list of remedies under " Homo . "
It explains : " All parts of man , his excrescences and excrements , contain oil and the sals volatile , combined with phlegm and earth ... "
Horse Urine as a Western Cure
The popular estrogen product called PREMARIN is given to postmenopausal women .
This PREMARIN is extracted from HORSE URINE .
The name stands for PREgnant MARe urIN .
Premarin , has become the third most prescribed drug in the world ( just behind Tylenol ) .
Recent Proof ?
Scientists from the United Arab Emirates have proposed using one of the world 's hardiest mammals - the camel - in the campaign to fight and eradicate human diseases .
A team led by Dr Sabah Jassim from the Zayed Complex for Herbal Research and Traditional Medicine has suggested that camels are highly resistant to many deadly viral diseases and their antibodies could be used for new drugs .
Camels have a unique physiology which allows them to thrive in some of the world 's harshest environments .
But as well as these advantages , they have immune systems that are so robust , they remain free from many of the viral diseases that affect other mammals , such as foot - and - mouth and rinderpest .
The antibodies that camels carry inside them are structurally much simpler than those of humans , and Dr Sabah Jassim suggests they would be much simpler to replicate artificially than human antibodies .
Writing in the British Institute of Biology 's magazine , The Biologist , Dr Jassim says the small size of camel antibodies would also allow them to penetrate deep into human tissue and cells that would not be otherwise accessible .
- By BBC correspondent David Bamford http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/1702393.stm
A researcher from a teaching hospital in the Sudan presented a study of 30 patients with ascites -- an accumulation of serum in the abdominal cavity that causes distended stomachs -- that found that they responded slightly better to 150 ml of camel urine a day than to a standard medicine , the diuretic frusimide .
And a Chinese pharmaceutical company reported that in a clinical study , its urine - derived cancer drug CDA - II cured 61 percent of patients , compared with a 30 percent cure rate for chemotherapy .
Recent News in the Urine / Medical Issue :
In New York City , alternative health guru Gary Null has devoted several segments of his popular radio program on WBAI ( 99.5 FM , 12 noon , Monday through Friday ) to extolling the benefits of the urine cure .
According to Dr. Beatrice Bartnett in her pamphlet , Urine - Therapy : It May Save Your Life : “ morning urine is the richest and best urine to drink , partially due to the greater level of hormonal secretion that takes place in the late night hours when the body is totally relaxed and repairing itself . ”
While many people are aware that Gandhi drank his urine , few know that leather - clad rocker Jim Morrison began the practice of drinking his urine while on an LSD - induced spiritual quest in the Mojave Desert .
One of the more famous modern day cases involves movie star Steve McQueen , who , it is said , in the last stages of cancer , survived solely on a diet of urine and boiled alligator skin prescribed by his Mexican doctors .
An enterprising young company has come up with a way to trap medically powerful proteins from urine .
Enzymes of America has designed a special filter that collects important urine proteins , and these filters have been installed in all of the men's urinals in the 10,000 portable outhouses owned by the Porta - John company , a subsidiary of Enzymes of America .
Indian yogis reportedly have been drinking their urine as a cure for more than 5,000 years .
More than 600 scientists gathered in Goa , India , for the first World Conference on Auto - Urine Therapy in February 1996 .
Some proponents in attendance believe human urine can treat everything from baldness to cancer and AIDS .
The use of urine as a topical rub and drink not only is common in India , but also in Japan and Germany and a growing number of countries .
At least two books , " The Golden Fountain : The Complete Guide to Urine Therapy , " by Coen van der Kroon , and " Your Own Perfect Medicine , " by Martha Christy , provide more info on “ Urine - Therapy ” .
The Second World Conference on Urine Therapy , held last month in Gersfeld , Germany .
There , in a tiny resort two hours outside Frankfurt , the Nicholses and 250 other health enthusiasts -- several dozen with M.D. after their names -- from more than 40 countries spent four days debating , discussing and charting the future of one of the world 's oldest but least respected healing arts .
Islam ’s stance - Conclusion First of all , let us clarify the reason and story behind the prescription .
Some people had become very ill at the time of the prophet , and were suffering from an unknown illness .
Their bellies had swollen and they were not in a fit state .
Hence , the Prophet Muhammad ( peace and blessings be upon him ) said to them , that they would find a cure in the milk and urine of a camel and so he sent them out to an area where camels were grazing fresh herbs .
These men went to this area and drank the milk and urine .
Sure enough , just like the Prophet said , they were cured and became fit and healthy .
Yet the Prophet had said in another Prophetic saying that body excretions , such as blood , pus , urine , etc , was filthy and prohibited in Islamic law .
It is Islamically prohibited for a Muslim to drink their urine .
Muslim scholars came to the conclusion that the real meaning of this the Prophets odd prescription is that if a person needs to consume an impure and impermissible substance as a cure for an illness , and no other reasonable alternative is available , then it is permissible
In all other circumstances , camel urine or ANY animal urine is prohibited .
As for human urine , it is forbidden no matter what ; the Prophet Muhammad told us that it is simply waste matter , and is filthy and impure ( a Muslim can not pray if he has any on his clothes ) .
Please also see ANSWERING CHRISTIANITY website for another answer .
Nobody knows precisely why it works , but doctors have known for decades that the healing process for open wounds can be greatly speeded up by applying negative pressure — that is , suction — under a bandage sealed tightly over the affected area .
The speculation is that it helps by drawing bacteria and fluid away from the wound , keeping it cleaner .
For patients , there is a benefit even beyond the speedier healing .
Traditional dressings need to be removed and replaced — sometimes painfully — up to three times a day , but with the negative pressure system dressings can be left in place for a few days .
But in the developing world , there 's a problem :
The systems are expensive , and they need to be plugged in or powered by batteries that last only a few hours .
In many developing nations , a reliable source of electricity is rarely available .
That 's the problem that students in an MIT mechanical engineering class decided to tackle a few years ago .
With the help of Dr. Robert Sheridan from Massachusetts General Hospital , the students developed a simple , inexpensive and lightweight version of the system that required no power supply and could be left in place for days .
One of those students , Danielle Zurovcik SM ' 07 , continued to work on the project and made it the subject of her master 's thesis .
She has continued to work on it on the side as she pursues her doctorate .
The project was part of a mechanical design class taught by mechanical engineering professor Alexander Slocum in collaboration with local hospitals through a Boston - based organization called the Center for Integration of Medicine and Innovative Technology .
Earlier this semester , Zurovcik , who had been making plans for field tests of the patent - pending device at a rural clinic in Rwanda this fall , was asked by the nonprofit healthcare organization Partners in Health to take part in earthquake relief efforts in Haiti .
She traveled there with a supply of 50 of the current version of the plastic , molded pumps , which cost about $ 3 each .
( The only portable versions on the market today cost $ 100 a day just to rent , and must have their batteries recharged after about six hours . )
The device , a cylinder with accordion - like folds , is squeezed to create the suction , and then left in place , connected to the underside of the wound dressing by a thin plastic tube .
At that point , it requires no further attention : " It holds its pressure for as long as there 's not an air leak , " Zurovcik explains .
For that reason , a suitable dressing that can hold the seal is a crucial element of the system .
The Haitian patients who were treated with the device were pleased with how it worked .
While the team did n't have time to conduct long - term evaluations , Zurovcik says , " In the short term , we systematically evaluated the wounds , and were able to verify that negative - pressure therapy was being applied and the healing process was underway .
" The trip to Haiti was led by Dr. Robert Riviello of the Division of Trauma , Burn and Surgical Critical Care at Brigham and Women 's Hospital in Boston .
Riviello estimates that between 50 million and 60 million people in low - income countries suffer from acute and chronic wounds , and a large number of them would benefit from negative - pressure wound therapy .
He says the device " has the potential to be a great benefit to patients around the world " once a few technical hurdles are cleared .
" Our biggest challenge at the moment is ensuring a reliably intact seal on human skin [ that can be ] easily applied , " Riviello says .
" If we can resolve this , then I think there is enormous potential .
" Zurovcik notes that an improved version of the device — one that maintains a more constant pressure and is smaller and so easier to conceal when being worn for days — has been developed and is being manufactured now .
Zurovcik and her team designed the devices to be made in a sustainable way .
They can be manufactured locally in many developing nations , using equipment that already exists there , she says .
She is already in discussions with a plastic molding company in Rwanda , she says .
She plans to go to Rwanda in the fall to test the new version of the device , which is small enough to carry in a pocket .
" Their clinics are filled with wounds , " she says , noting that the injuries are often severe because patients avoid going to clinics as long as they can .
The clinics themselves " do n't have power , do n't have a lot of supplies .
I 'd like to be able to bring something simple , that patients would be able to care for on their own . "
I wanted to share an amazing slider recipe that a good friend of mine recently surprised me with at a backyard BBQ .
He packed some of the best ingredients on the planet into these mini burgers including bacon , beer , garlic , onions and mushrooms ( Did I mention bacon ? ) .
These sliders are a little different than others you may have had in the past , as all of the ingredients I mentioned above are blended into the meat patties .
See the full Guinness Slider recipe below .
Guinness Sliders
by Guy Grice , Cedar Park TX
Ingredients
4lbs 80/20 ground chuck
1 lb of bacon
4 pack of Guinness ( 2 for consumption 2 for the burgers )
2 yellow onions
1 Pkg of sliced button mushrooms
4 cloves of garlic
1 can of tomato paste
2 pkgs Hawaiian roles
Directions
Using a grilling skillet fry up bacon half way followed by both onions , mushrooms and garlic ( garlic last as it will burn ) hit generously with seasoned salt , put the goods into your pot along with the Guinness and half a can of tomato paste , cook until bacon is cooked and beer is reduced usually 20 - 25 min at med heat .
Allow to cool and then blend only pulsing the blender as you do not want to liquefy the mixture , you want it smooth and a little chunky .
Mix all the goodness in with your beef and patty away .
I prefer the mini burgers but you can get as creative as you like .
Allow the burgers a couple of hours to cool and form in the fridge then back to the grill , use the same grilling skillet you used to cook the bacon and onion mix …
Then have a Guinness and enjoy !
See the Guinness Kegerator to get Guinness on tap at your house .
Paul Krugman , January 6 , 2009 :
This really does look like a plan that falls well short of what advocates of strong stimulus were hoping for — and it seems as if that was done in order to win Republican votes .
Yet even if the plan gets the hoped - for 80 votes in the Senate , which seems doubtful , responsibility for the plan ’s perceived failure , if it ’s spun that way , will be placed on Democrats .
I see the following scenario : a weak stimulus plan , perhaps even weaker than what we ’re talking about now , is crafted to win those extra GOP votes .
The plan limits the rise in unemployment , but things are still pretty bad , with the rate peaking at something like 9 percent and coming down only slowly .
And then Mitch McConnell says “ See , government spending does n’t work . ”
Keep in mind that when Krugman wrote that , Bush was still President and the Senate had yet to reduce the scope of Pres .
Obama 's stimulus plan -- and had yet to divert more of its stimulative spending into unproductive tax cuts .
Flash forward to today , and the only thing that Krugman was wrong about was that the unemployment rate peaked at over 10 percent .
This is something that the Obama administration seems to be recognizing , at least tacitly ; over the weekend , they pushed for another $ 50 billion in spending .
Of course , it 's going to take a lot of heavy lifting to get that $ 50 billion , thanks in large part to the dynamic Krugman pointed out ( McConnell saying " See , government spending does n't work " ) .
And the White House wo n't just have to battle Republicans or Blue Dogs , either : Steny Hoyer on Sunday said that he wanted the money to come from unspent stimulus funds , which is a truly absurd idea if the goal here is to provide additional stimulus .
The truly maddening thing about all this foolish focus on short - term fiscal restraint is that nobody who is now urging austerity protested Bush 's budget - busting tax cuts at the start of the last decade .
As Krugman wrote on February 1 , 2009 :
Dean Baker is having some fun with the Washington Post , which keeps looking for superlatives to describe the “ staggering ” , “ breathtaking ” expense of the stimulus plan .
And Dean is quite right to point out that reasonable estimates of the shortfall in private demand are on the order of three times the $ 800 billion package .
( Jan Hatzius at Goldman , using different methods , arrives at more or less the same number . )
One other comparison worth making , however , is with the Bush tax cuts , which will end up having cost about $ 2 trillion over the course of a decade — without anything like the economic rationale for the stimulus .
Did the Post find this cost staggering ?
Inquiring minds want to know .
There 's no doubt that the administration was dealt a bad deck in January 2009 , but they have n't made it any easier on themselves .
It 's true that Obama 's top economic advisers are now pushing for more stimulus and it's true that even Obama - appointed Ben Bernanke is channeling Paul Krugman , but President Obama himself has not done enough to push back on the absurd notion that the time to reduce spending is right now .
Instead of talking about things like domestic spending freezes and deficit reduction commissions that could slash Social Security , the President should spend more time making the case that the best way to get the budget in balance is to grow the economy -- thereby increasing revenue .
On January 9 , 2009 , President Obama said that if Paul Krugman had a good idea on getting the economy going , the administration would listen .
Now would be a good time to start .
From Carolyn Said at the San Francisco Chronicle : Foreclosures shifting to affluent ZIP codes
Foreclosures are going upscale across the Bay Area . ...
Even more striking is the growth of mortgage defaults - the first step in the foreclosure process - in affluent ZIP codes .
While the high - end numbers are far shy of the massive wave of lower - priced foreclosures , the growth reflects a significant shift in the foreclosure landscape ...
Mortgage distress has moved upstream in part because of economic conditions ...
Also in play [ are ] option ARM ( adjustable rate mortgage ) that 's just beginning to cause problems .
Previous Chronicle analyses have found that option ARMs were heavily used in the Bay Area , accounting for 20 percent of all homes bought or refinanced here from 2004 to 2008 .
They were used for homes averaging about $ 823,000 in value .
Option ARMs were very popular in the mid- to - high end bubble areas .
Although many of these loans already recast - or were refinanced - there are still quite a few that will recast over the next couple of years .
Since Option ARMs were frequently used as " affordability products " , many homeowners will not be able to afford the higher payments when the loans recast .
Carolyn
Said also notes that banks prefer short sales to foreclosures in the mid- to - high end areas .
So just tracking foreclosures does n't tell the entire story .
I 'm seeing more and more high end homes listed as short sales ... and this means there are more distressed sales coming in certain mid-to - high end bubble areas and also more price declines .
One in Twelve People Are Suffering From ‘ Sex While Sleeping ’
Andrew Hough , reporting in today ’s Telegraph , cites a new Canadian study which claims a growing number of people claim to suffer from “ Sexsomnia ” , a type of sleeping disorder where sufferers have sex while they sleep .
Canadian researchers found almost one in 12 people had admitted engaging or initiating some sort of sexual activity while they slept .
Men accounted for three - quarters of the self - reported “ sexsomniacs ” , they found .
Experts say such sexual behavior that occurred while sleeping can range from masturbation through to physical intercourse .
In their study , presented at a recent sleep conference , researchers from the Sleep Research Laboratory at the University Health Network in Toronto , found the disorder was more common than previously thought .
In the study , which has not been published , researchers interviewed 832 patients who they suspected of suffering from some sort of sleep disorder .
The 428 men and 404 women , who had also been referred to the clinic , also completed questionnaires about their symptoms , fatigue , mood and behavior during sleep .
The study , presented last week at the annual Associated Professional Sleep Societies conference , in San Antonio , Texas , found that more than one in 10 male and four per cent of female interviewees admitted they had engaged in “ sleep sex ” .
Dr Sharon Chung , a scientist from the UHN , said people who suffered from it generally had no recollection of engaging in such activity .
“ We were surprised at how common it was .
We thought we ’d get just a handful of people , yet it was almost one in 12 ( people ) , ” said Dr Chung , who led the study .
“ There have been no previous studies of how frequently sexsomnia occurs . ”
3.3.9 You and Your Applications may not collect , use , or disclose to any third party , user or device data without prior user consent , and then only under the following conditions :
- The collection , use or disclosure is necessary in order to provide a service or function that is directly relevant to the use of the Application .
For example , without Apple 's prior written consent ,
You may not use third party analytics software in Your Application to collect and send device data to a third party for aggregation , processing , or analysis .
- The collection , use or disclosure is for the purpose of serving advertising to Your Application ; is provided to an independent advertising service provider whose primary business is serving mobile ads ( for example , an advertising service provider owned by or affiliated with a developer or distributor of mobile devices , mobile operating systems or development environments other than Apple would not qualify as independent ) ; and the disclosure is limited to UDID , user location data , and other data specifically designated by Apple as available for advertising purposes .
Vatican Announcement : ‘ Hell Is Full Of Priests ’
Hell is not empty .
On the contrary , according to the Holy See ’s Promoter Of Justice , Msgr Charles Scicluna , hell is full of pedophile priests .
Speaking on Saturday in St Peter ’s at a service of reparation for abuse committed by priests , Msgr Scicluna suggested that priests guilty of pedophile abuse were destined for particular punishment in the afterlife .
Quoting Christ ’s teaching that “ whosoever shall offend one of these little ones . . . it is better that a millstone were hanged about his neck and he were cast into the sea ” ( Mark , 9,42 ) , Msgr Scicluna then made reference to the interpretation of Christ ’s words as offered by Pope Gregory the Great : “ After having taken a profession of holiness , anyone who destroys others through words or deeds would have been better off if their misdeeds had caused them to die in secular dress ( ie as a lay person ) rather than , through their holy office , being imposed as an example for others in their sins .
“ Without doubt if they had fallen by themselves ( as a lay person ) , their suffering would be easier to bear . . .
How arid the earth becomes , how sad the world , when this icon of holiness ( the innocence of a child ) . . . is trampled upon , broken , sullied , abused and destroyed , prompting the Lord to cry out ‘ Let the little children come unto me ’ , ” said Msgr Scicluna .
The Vatican ’s Promoter of Justice , who fulfills some of the functions of an attorney general for the Holy See , urged a hard line in dealing with abuser priests , calling for a form of “ divine surgery ” , by which they would be removed from the priesthood and also reported to the relevant civil authorities .
The monsignor , who worked alongside Pope Benedict at the Congregation For The Doctrine Of The Faith , would appear to be reinforcing the words of the pope who , during a recent pastoral visit to Portugal , said the sex abuse crisis was “ terrifying ” insofar as the greatest persecution of the church was now coming from within .
IRISH TIMES
Update 5/26 , by PG , 10:50 EDT ; " Later this morning I will review that with the team , and I will take a final decision as to whether or not we should proceed , " BP Chief Executive Tony Hayward told the NBC " Today " show on Wednesday .
BP readies another attempt at stopping oil spill ( Yahoo News ) .
Essentially that is what is being tried .
The well has a certain ability to get oil through the Blowout Preventer ( BOP ) at a given ( though debated ) flow rate .
If the volume is increased , by pumping mud into the well below the BOP , then the well will “ back up ” and the oil will flow back down the well .
As it does more mud enters the well .
This is dense enough that , as the column grows longer it pushes down on the oil , and applies enough pressure , due to this weight , to overcome the pressure in the rock .
Without that positive difference , there is nothing to drive the oil out , and thus the well is “ killed . ”
This is the day when the top kill of the leaking BP well in the Gulf of Mexico will likely be attempted .
Kent Wells , Senior Executive VP for Exploration and Production , has given a technical brief on what is likely to happen .
Having tried a number of other ways of describing the underlying idea , a more mundane example came to mind .
If you have roots growing into the drain that runs out of your house , and you turn the tap on in a bathroom , the water will still be able to get down past the roots , and there is no problem .
However if you flush a toilet or equivalent higher flow , this ca n’t easily get past the roots , and thus the water backs up and flows back out into your basement .
One thing that should be noted , however , is that most illustrations show a section of the BOP such as the one just below ( which I modified from one in the WP ) .
Life is actually more complex since there are large rams sitting in the side ports that appear as notches on the main flow line .
The actual position of the rams and the condition of the pipe that runs through the assembly are somewhat in question ( through BP used gamma rays to check it out ) , and this flow channel complexity may play a little part in the response to the Top Kill injection .
Hopefully it will tend to act as " roots " and make it more difficult for the flow to reach the riser , and then leak onto the seabed , and more likely for the flow to be directed down the well .
Section through the BOP , showing the anticipated mud flow path ( initially from BP )
In his presentation Kent Wells noted that there is not just flow from the Q4000 available , but that additional vessels , including the HOS Centerline are connected into the Q4000 and available to add additional flows and volumes of mud if needed .
HOS Centerline
This can carry up to 30,000 barrels of mud , and deliver this to the Q4000 at a flow rate of 50 bbl / min .
It is supported by a second vessel , the M/V Blue Dolphin , which carries 11,800 bbl of mud , that can deliver it at a rate of 80 bpm , using 9 pumps .
If needed this has more than enough capacity and flow for the job required .
It is equipped with eight skid - mounted 3,000 brake horsepower Gorilla fracturing units can store 2.75 million lb of proppant .
The vessel can provide up to 23,000 hydraulic horsepower and 80 bbl / min blending rates to meet high - rate fracturing and stimulation requirements of ultra-deepwater projects .
At more than 300 ft ( 91 m ) in length , the multipurpose vessel includes additional storage for up to 11,800 bbl of fluids or completion brines , 12,600 gal of raw acid and 6,300 gal of solvent .
The Blue Dolphin has a maximum on - the - fly acid blending capacity of 50 bbl / min .
“ The advanced capabilities of the Blue Dolphin vessel have made it the flagship of BJ Services ’ stimulation fleet , ” said Ronney Coleman , vice president for North America pressure pumping services , BJ Services .
It is the first 20,000 - psi pressure - rated stimulation vessel specially designed for Lower Tertiary conditions , which include long , multiple - pay zones and intense pressure and temperature variations .
With such capabilities there is more than enough pressure and volume to overcome what pressures and flow rates are found in the well .
However it should be remembered that the mud has to get to the well through delivery lines from the surface , and the riser and supply lines will themselves exert a resistance to the flow at higher rates .
So the amount likely to be used will , at least at the beginning , likely be restricted to the 50 barrels per minute ( 2,000 gallons per minute ( gpm ) ) flow which has been reported .
( The oil flow at 5,000 barrels a day , is equivalent to 150 gpm . )
At the moment the rig is undergoing final diagnostic tests to ensure that the valves , fittings , hoses pumps etc are all operational and that there are no leaks .
( At these pressures – perhaps 10,000 psi or so – the drilling mud can cut into metals , so that a leak can very rapidly grow to unacceptable size ) .
“ What we learn during the diagnostic phase will be absolutely crucial to us , ” Wells said .
The top kill procedure , which may begin as early as tomorrow , might take as little as 12 hours or as much as a “ couple of days ” to carry out , Wells said .
The operation may , if seen to be needed , include a variation of the “ junk shot ” since there are rubber strips on hand , that could be added to the mud flow and which would , if caught in the BOP , restrict further the flow path out of the riser , and make it easier to get the mud down the well .
( Like adding additional roots to your drain to make it back up faster ) .
Over the next few hours , engineers will test the pressure at each opening , aiming to design a pumping procedure that will “ outrun ” the flow of oil and gas , forcing it back down into the petroleum reservoir .
Should pressure from the well outrun the drilling fluids , engineers may inject heavy fluid mixed with rubber scraps through valves above the mud flow to hold it in the well , Wells said .
Even if the mud starts down the well as planned , there may be complexities in the flow , based on where the oil appears to be coming from .
Doug Suttles commented on Tuesday
Flow from the Macondo well is not travelling up the main well bore , BP operations boss Doug Suttles said Tuesday , a revelation that would support theories that a cement failure played a part in the blowout .
“ We actually believe the flow path is between two strings of the casing and not up the main wellbore , ” Suttles said .
Suttles said BP could not be certain of the flow path but diagnostic tests on the well seem to indicate the flow is not coming up main bore .
As the complexity of the job becomes evident there are also reports that the Government are stepping back from taking over the problem , should this try fail .
After days of lambasting the company 's handling of the spill , the Obama administration appeared to step back from Interior Secretary Ken Salazar 's threat on Sunday to " push out " BP if it did not do enough to plug the leak .
The U.S. government needs BP 's deepwater technology to try to shut off the oil well , said Carol Browner , President Barack Obama 's adviser on energy and climate change .
" Obviously , we need the BP technology , but we are not relying on them ... we have our own minds in there , " she told CNN , referring to the team of government scientists working with BP to battle the disaster .
Some longer term punishment is , however , apparently now being considered .
ProPublica is reporting that that the Environmental Protection Agency is considering whether to bar BP from receiving U.S. government contracts , a move it said would cost the company billions of dollars in revenues and could end its drilling in federally controlled oil fields .
But hopefully the leak will be stopped before the President visits on Friday .
And then we wo n’t need to consider those nukes .
( After all only 3 out of 4 worked in the Soviet Union , and one site may still be burning , all those years later . )
BP has also released a statement about the incident .
As they note :
" I understand people want a simple answer about why this happened and who is to blame .
The honest truth is that this is a complex accident , caused by an unprecedented combination of failures , " said Chief Executive Tony Hayward .
" A number of companies are involved , including BP , and it is simply too early – and not up to us – to say who is at fault . "
Among the possible mechanisms , BOP is considering :
1 . The cement that seals the reservoir from the well ;
2 . The casing system , which seals the well bore ;
3 . The pressure tests to confirm the well is sealed ;
4 . The execution of procedures to detect and control hydrocarbons in the well , including the use of the BOP ;
5 . The BOP Emergency Disconnect System , which can be activated by pushing a button at multiple locations on the rig ;
6 . The automatic closure of the BOP after its connection is lost with the rig ; and
7. Features in the BOP to allow Remotely Operated Vehicles ( ROV ) to close the BOP and thereby seal the well at the seabed after a blow out .
The House Committee has also released a memo about this investigation :
A memo released by Democrats on the House energy committee said that BP has found three “ flow indicators ” from the well before the explosion , one of which occurred 51 minutes before the blast , a time when more fluid began to flow out of the well than was being pumped in .
When the pump was shut down , 41 minutes before the explosion , the well continued to flow instead of stopping , and drill pipe pressure “ unexpectedly increased ” .
Then , just 18 minutes before the explosion , abnormal pressures were observed by the rig crew .
Eleven men died as a result of the explosion .
It should be noted , since there were comments on both PBS and ABC News tonight about the change in the oil color coming out of the riser in the last two days , that the clear difference in the photos they showed was the lack of the injected dispersant in the later pictures , and BP have stated that they have cut back on the volume of this , under EPA orders .
Since it was mixing with the oil and changing its color , this may be part of the change that folk have been noticing .
And , after some debate today , BP has announced that they will continue the live feed from the seabed during the time that the top kill is initiated .
Image caption
Food price rises have added to inflationary pressures
UK inflation accelerated again in April to hit its highest rate in 17 months , official figures show .
On the Consumer Prices Index ( CPI ) measure , inflation hit 3.7 % - well above the target of 2 % and the highest rate since November 2008 .
On the Retail Prices Index ( RPI ) measure , which includes housing costs , inflation was up to 5.3 % - its highest rate in 19 years .
The RPI measure is commonly used to decide pay rises or pension payments .
STEPHANOMICS
Every percentage point rise in the cash value of our economy makes it a little easier for the government to bring down borrowing as a share of GDP .
Tax revenues go up , even if real growth has not - and fixed spending totals end up looking smaller , both in real terms and relative to the overall economy .
Of course , the reverse is also true .
Low inflation is another reason why many Eurozone governments have found it so hard to reduce their borrowing and debt .
So , it is a convenient coincidence for the UK that inflation is overshooting , just as government borrowing is at its peak .
It is also not entirely unrelated - after all , our fiscal plight is one reason why the pound has fallen so sharply , and why prices of imported goods have gone up .
Read Stephanie 's blog in full
The Office for National Statistics ( ONS ) said food prices in particular had seen sharp rises .
The cost of food rose by 2.6 % , the ONS said , thanks largely to rising transport costs over the last 12 months .
Fuel costs have increased by more than 25 % in that time , the ONS said .
Last month 's disruption caused by volcanic ash had little impact on prices , however .
Higher duty on alcohol and cigarettes introduced in April 's Budget added to inflation in April , the ONS added , and clothes prices also rose .
' Downward pressure '
Bank of England governor Mervyn King has written a letter of explanation to the new Chancellor , George Osborne , as the official CPI measure remains more than one percentage point above the 2 % target .
Earlier this month , Mr King said he expected inflation to be higher in the coming months than previously forecast , but insisted that it would slow to below the 2 % target before the end of the year .
In his letter , the governor said inflation had accelerated significantly since September last year .
He blamed rising fuel prices , the rise in VAT and the fall in the value of the pound for the rising trend .
But he warned that these temporary factors were " masking the downward pressure on inflation from the substantial margin of spare capacity in the economy " .
" If the recovery continues as expected , that will gradually erode the slack in the economy , bringing inflation back to target , " Mr King added .
In his letter to Mr King , Mr Osborne said he noted that the Bank 's view was that the " current elevated rate of inflation is expected to be temporary " .
" I am sure that you will remain vigilant towards any upside risks to inflation , " he added .
' Peak ' inflation
The Bank of England 's key interest rate remains at a record low of 0.5 % , and this rate is unlikely to rise soon according to economists .
" We do not expect the Bank of England to increase interest rates this year in response to what is a short - term pick up in inflation , " said Hetal Mehta , senior economic adviser to the Ernst & Young Item Club .
Howard Archer , chief economist at IHS Global Insight , said he expected inflation to begin falling again immediately .
" April 's consumer price inflation rate of 3.7 % should mark the peak , " he said .
" Inflation is expected to start heading down in the near term as temporary upward pressures start to unwind . "
Low interest rates are likely to continue to frustrate savers .
" Savers have been having a rough ride thanks to a combination of ultra low rates and rising inflation , " commented Andrew Hagger from Moneynet.co.uk .
But he added that a small number of savings accounts offering interest rates of up to 5 % were still available .
Design Icon presented a concept of the zero-emission sea scooter .
The Powered Electric Body Board is equipped with an electric engine that powers three onboard propellers for thrust .
The scooter can be used either for wave riding or as a submersible .
* * *
Related links :
Design Icon
Photo : behance.net / Design Icon
If you are presently in prison and looking for a stress - free and quick way to communicate with your family and friend , then you should consider the CorrLinks Inmate Email .
It is an email system that provides the opportunity to receive or send messages to inmates .
In …
Tickets are now on sale !
Click here to purchase tickets .
This link will take you to our ticketing provider , eTix.com .
Brewery / Beer Map
Merchandise Sales
We are going to be dealing with merchandise sales differently this year .
We partnered with Nyce Shirt Company , enabling you to order your shirts before the event .
Click the link below , buy your shirts , and pick them up at the event .
If we sell anything at the Beer Fest , it will be an extremely limited quantity , so buy your shirts on - line at https://lansdalebeerfest2019.itemorder.com/
Initial Plans for the 2019 Lansdale Beer Fest …
Return to 2 sessions ; VIP and General Admission ( GA ) .
We want to make sure all who wish to attend , can choose a package that meets their budget .
VIP = $ 60 ( limited # of tickets )
GA = $ 45
VIP will provide an elevated tasting experience , with a 90 minute dedicated session ; food will be available but NOT included in the VIP ticket ( thus the lower price ) .
GA will follow with a 3 hour session .
We recognize that some people will cheer the decision to return to our previous format and others will jeer it .
Our sole focus will be on providing an exceptional beer & cider , ( even wine and spirits ) experience for all .
We appreciate our loyal attendees and are committed to a tremendous 10 year anniversary event .
Videos from the past couple years .
See what you missed !
Cyberspace has become an indispensible component of everyday life for all Americans .
We have all witnessed how the application and use of this technology has increased exponentially over the years .
Cyberspace includes the networks in our homes , businesses , schools , and our Nation ’s critical infrastructure .
It is where we exchange information , buy and sell products and services , and enable many other types of transactions across a wide range of sectors .
But not all components of this technology have kept up with the pace of growth .
Privacy and security require greater emphasis moving forward ; and because of this , the technology that has brought many benefits to our society and has empowered us to do so much -- has also empowered those who are driven to cause harm .
Today , I am pleased to announce the latest step in moving our Nation forward in securing our cyberspace with the release of the draft National Strategy for Trusted Identities in Cyberspace ( NSTIC ) .
This first draft of NSTIC was developed in collaboration with key government agencies , business leaders and privacy advocates .
What has emerged is a blueprint to reduce cybersecurity vulnerabilities and improve online privacy protections through the use of trusted digital identities .
The NSTIC , which is in response to one of the near term action items in the President ’s Cyberspace Policy Review , calls for the creation of an online environment , or an Identity Ecosystem as we refer to it in the strategy , where individuals and organizations can complete online transactions with confidence , trusting the identities of each other and the identities of the infrastructure that the transaction runs on .
For example , no longer should individuals have to remember an ever - expanding and potentially insecure list of usernames and passwords to login into various online services .
Through the strategy we seek to enable a future where individuals can voluntarily choose to obtain a secure , interoperable , and privacy - enhancing credential ( e.g. , a smart identity card , a digital certificate on their cell phone , etc ) from a variety of service providers – both public and private – to authenticate themselves online for different types of transactions ( e.g. , online banking , accessing electronic health records , sending email , etc. ) .
Another key concept in the strategy is that the Identity Ecosystem is user - centric – that means you , as a user , will be able to have more control of the private information you use to authenticate yourself on - line , and generally will not have to reveal more than is necessary to do so .
The Department of Homeland Security ( DHS ) , a key partner in the development of the strategy , has posted the draft NSTIC at www.nstic.ideascale.com.
Over the next three weeks ( through July 19th ) , DHS will be collecting comments from any interested members of the general public on the strategy .
I encourage you to go to this website , submit an idea for the strategy , comment on someone else ’s idea , or vote on an idea .
Your input is valuable to the ultimate success of this document .
The NSTIC will be finalized later this fall .
Thank you for your input !
Howard A. Schmidt is the Cybersecurity Coordinator and Special Assistant to the President
( CNN ) -- Shoppers in Austin , Texas may wind up losing the right to use plastic at the checkout line -- and that does n't mean credit cards .
In what is starting to become a trend in environmentally - conscious cities nationwide , plastic bags at grocery stores throughout Austin could become a thing of the past .
The Austin City Council is set to vote Thursday on a resolution directing its city manager to determine how much taxpayers pay for processing plastic bags , from the bags ' manufacture to their final destination .
The manager 's report is due in September , a possible first step toward banning the bags in grocery stores .
The bill is sponsored by Austin Mayor Lee Leffingwell , along with two additional City Council members .
Three years ago , Leffingwell led an initiative to cut the number of bags entering Austin 's circulation by encouraging shoppers to carry reusable bags .
But not enough people participated .
" What we tried was partially successful , " Leffingwell told CNN Wednesday .
When asked if he would consider an outright ban of plastic bags in his city , the mayor said it has n't yet reached that point , but " we 're open to the possibility . "
Austin would n't be the first place to ponder the benefits of eliminating plastic bags at grocery and drug stores .
The California Assembly passed legislation earlier this month prohibiting retailers , which include grocery , liquor and convenience stores , from offering plastic bags .
The California measure , which still needs state Senate approval , was written by California Assemblywoman Julia Brownley , D - Santa Monica .
" We had to work hard to win passage for the bill in the Assembly and I anticipate an equally hard battle in the Senate , " Brownley told CNN Wednesday .
" Nasty habits , like our reliance on plastic and paper bags , are hard to break . "
Brownley has been fighting to reduce plastic bag waste for three years , calling single - use bags " an unnecessary scourge that blows like urban tumbleweeds into every corner of the earth . "
Her bill has recently gained support from the California Grocers Association , which decided to back the bill after Brownley agreed to subject all stores that sell groceries to the ban .
" Our hope is the consumer is driven towards reusable bags " , says Dave Hanley , vice president of the grocers association .
" We have a huge responsibility to educate consumers . "
However , Hanley told CNN he 's acutely aware of the speed bumps the legislation might present along the road to passage .
For instance , he said , the bill requires grocery stores to sell reusable bags for at least 5 cents if customers do n't bring their own .
" With the economy , there 's always the concern when legislation has fees , " Hanley said .
So just how much plastic and paper bag waste do we produce a year ?
According to Environmental Protection Agency spokeswoman Catherine Milbourn , 3.96 million tons of plastic bags , sacks and wraps were generated in 2008 in the United States alone .
That 's compared to 1.17 million tons of waste generated by paper bags and sacks that same year .
And of that , what 's being recycled ?
A combined total of 830,000 tons of plastic and paper bags were recycled in 2008 , while a combined total of 4.3 million tons were discarded , according to the EPA -- the equivalent , speaking in terms of weight , of nearly 24 jumbo jets .
Cities such as Austin are n't the only ones in the United States enacting and considering laws on plastic bag use -- Seattle , Washington ; Dallas , Texas ; and Portland , Oregon , just to name a few , have all considered the environmental impact of plastic bag distribution .
Leffingwell told CNN he spoke to San Francisco Mayor Gavin Newsom several years ago on the issue .
And then there 's the global initiative currently underway .
Several cities in China , Africa , Australia , India and Ireland have all imposed bans or surcharges on plastic bags .
Prior to China 's ban , an estimated 3 billion plastic bags were used on a daily basis , creating more than 3 million tons of garbage each year , according to the website World Watch Institute , an independent research organization which has programs that focus on areas such as the climate , energy , food and agriculture .
Bill Hennessy is co-founder of the St. Louis Tea Party , self - published political guru and a sales guy who also works in tech .
He 's also an angry man with a message : Blame " the left " for everything wrong in the world .
Hennessy has a platform and a voice and he's not afraid to use it , particularly in furtherance of his primary goal , which he lays out in a post castigating fellow Tea Party agitators for failing to put a stop to a sales tax increase :
The tea party is out to destroy the left in America .
If we ’re not going to do that — if we ’re going to just wave yellow flags and wear clever t- shirts — then let ’s go back to our regular programming .
Seriously , ask yourself not what you believe , but what you will DO .
The time for standing in a park shouting is over .
It ’s time for action .
Ordinarily Hennessy 's threat would be a shruggable event .
The politics of personal destruction do n't play all that well on the main stage , and the idea of " destroying the left " reeks of John Bircherism with a large dose of indoctrination by right - wing anti-taxers .
Except for this : Bill Hennessey , right - wing radio pundit Dana Loesch , and Big Government publisher Andrew Breitbart are using Kenneth Gladney 's bogus injuries as their proxy for race - baiting and union bashing to leverage gains in the upcoming midterm elections .
After all , war is war .
When you 're out to destroy people , truth just does n't seem to make that much of a difference .
It does n't seem to matter that Gladney 's injuries did n't come close to matching up with what he claims was done to him , or that his original " lawyer " was also his employer , or that the whole dustup began over insulting imagery on buttons he was handing out at a town hall meeting .
For these folks , and Hennessy in particular , it 's war .
All - out , scorched - earth kind of war .
Adam at St. Louis Activist
Hub has put together a timeline of false accusations , outright lies , and machinations to promote Gladney 's case and discredit not only the Obama administration , but anyone whose politics fall to the left of , well , just about anyone .
It 's pretty damning , no matter how many blustery posts they write claiming otherwise .
Still .
I could shake my fist in the air and write it all off as more of the same , but there 's this one thing that keeps nagging at me .
Andrew Breitbart , Bill Hennessy and Dana Loesch are also associated with American Majority .
American Majority is funded by the Sam Adams Alliance .
The Sam Adams Alliance has a newly - established relationship with close Dick Armey associate and former chief of staff Denis Calabrese .
Denis Calabrese is also founder and principal of The Patriot Group , a lobbying firm established with the goal of " lobbying with backbone . "
Hennessy 's most recent post links to the American Majority ' grassroots summit ' in Kansas City this weekend .
One of the featured speakers is Eric O'Keefe , Chairman of the Sam Adams Alliance , also on the board of Wisconsin Club for Growth and a former director of Americans for Limited Government .
ALG has been associated with Howard Rich and Grover Norquist .
Scroll down a bit further on the page and you 'll find the Koch connection through the Americans for Prosperity Missouri , Kansas and Nebraska sponsorships .
So it goes once again .
These so - called grass roots activists are really all just part of the thug wing of the Republican party .
If we were to analyze the DNA of the St. Louis Tea Party , we 'd find Jack Abramoff , Grover Norquist , Charles Koch , and a bunch of College Republicans on the main strand .
The GOP has once again aligned themselves against the victims of the Republican Recession .
In a 56 - 40 vote , the cloture vote on extending jobless benefits , FMAP state funding , and tax extensions failed .
Ben Nelson and Lieberman joined Republicans , Byrd did not vote , and Reid voted yes , without changing his vote , signaling that this iteration of the bill is indeed dead .
Reid followed the vote by attempting to pass the emergency provisions of the bill , the " doc fix , " unemployment benefits extension , and FMAP as well as the homebuyer tax credit , as separate bills under unanimous consent .
McConnell objected to each , so we ’re stuck in further limbo .
All afternoon , Republican Senators stood up and said that the American people were demanding that the deficit be cut , that the Congress stop spending .
Republican Senators , and the moderate Dems who enable them , are full of shit .
Gallup says so :
Among four pieces of legislation Congress could consider this year , Americans are most supportive of authorizing more economic stimulus spending .
Specifically , according to a June 11 - 13 USA Today / Gallup poll , 60 % of Americans say they would favor " additional government spending to create jobs and stimulate the economy . "
… [ emphasis added ]
The North Korean national football team , which made it to the World Cup for the first time in 44 years , currently trains in the slum township of Tembisa in the East Rand region of Gauteng province of South Africa , about 30 minutes by car from Johannesburg .
At the heart of Tembisa stands the Makulong Stadium , where the North Korean team has been training since Wednesday .
A security guard in the front gate of the stadium told the reporter , " Nobody except for the North Korean team can enter the stadium , and the team is scheduled to arrive at 5 p.m . "
The walls of the stadium are spiked with barbed wire .
When the reporter took pictures over the barbed wire , security guards tried to confiscate the camera and threatened to call the police .
When asked if this was because of a request from the North Korean team he said yes .
Instead the reporter moved to the four - star Protea Hotel 30 minutes by car from the stadium in Midrand , where the North Korean team is staying .
There three large North Korean flags were hanging in the lobby , and some 20 police officers were on duty .
Muslim civil rights group files FCC complaint over incitement to violence
WASHINGTON , May 27 / PRNewswire -USNewswire / --
A prominent national Muslim civil rights and advocacy organization today filed a Federal Communications Commission ( FCC ) complaint against a radio talk show host in Texas who yesterday advocated bombing a proposed New York City mosque .
The Washington - based Council on American - Islamic Relations ( CAIR ) said Houston radio host Michael Berry ( KTRH - AM 740 ) made that call to violence on his May 26 program .
In his response to a caller named " Tony " who supported the right to build the planned mosque in New York -- an effort that has come under rhetorical attack by anti-Islam extremists --
Berry said : " No , no , Tony , you can't build a mosque at the site of 9/11 .
No , you can't .
No , you can't .
And I 'll tell you this -- if you do build a mosque , I hope somebody blows it up .
. . I hope the mosque is n't built , and if it is , I hope it 's blown up , and I mean that . "
Hear Michael Berry 's Call to Violence : http://www.cair.com/audio/michaelberry.wav
[ Berry has in the past been a guest host for nationally - syndicated broadcasters like Mark Levin , Sean Hannity and Bill O'Reilly . ]
" Calls for acts of violence against houses of worship must never be tolerated or excused , " said CAIR National Executive Director Nihad Awad .
" We ask the FCC to demonstrate that incitement to violence is never acceptable on our nation 's airwaves . "
He said Berry 's call to violence against an American mosque is of particular concern , coming as it does after a bombing at a mosque in Jacksonville , Fla. , earlier this month .
SEE : Lt. Gov. Tours Mosque that was Bombed
http://www.news4jax.com/news/23684961/detail.html
Awad noted that the planned New York mosque is being opposed by a collection of anti-Islam hate - mongers , one of whom recently launched an Islamophobic bus advertisement campaign in that city .
SEE : NYC Woman's Ad Crusade - Say No to Islam ( Video ) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z1Y3ybmLWjY
CAIR recently expressed concern about a " growing atmosphere of anti-Muslim sentiment " nationwide .
SEE : Tea Party Leader Says Muslims Worship ' Monkey - God ' http://news.yahoo.com/s/usnw/20100519/pl_usnw/DC07826_1
CAIR is America 's largest Muslim civil liberties and advocacy organization .
Its mission is to enhance the understanding of Islam , encourage dialogue , protect civil liberties , empower American Muslims , and build coalitions that promote justice and mutual understanding .
Become a Fan of CAIR on Facebook http://www.facebook.com/pages/CAIR/42590232694.
Subscribe to CAIR 's E- Mail List http://tinyurl.com/cairsubscribe.
CONTACT : CAIR National Communications Director Ibrahim Hooper , 202-488-8787 or 202-744-7726 , E- Mail : [ email protected ] ; CAIR Communications Coordinator Amina Rubin , 202-488-8787 , 202-341-4171 , E- Mail : [ email protected ]
SOURCE Council on American - Islamic Relations
It 's never done THAT before .
Explain it to me tiny ad :
Rocket Mass Heater Manual - now free for a while
Jack Harrison , one of last survivors of The Great Escape , dies at 97
War hero : Jack Harrison , the last RAF pilot involved in the Great Escape , has died at the age of 97
In the end , it was only time from which he could not escape .
Jack Harrison , one of the last of those involved in the ' Great Escape ' , has passed away , peacefully and quietly , at the age of 97 .
It has been 66 years since the dark night when he waited with bated breath , preparing to crawl through ‘ Harry ’ and under the wire of Stalag Luft III .
Many years after the war the former RAF pilot , and his brave and resourceful comrades , would be immortalised by the iconic 1963 film - starring Richard Attenborough and Steve McQueen - which remains the staple fare of every Christmas Day celebration .
But , by then , the most audacious - and tragic - prisoner - of - war break out of the Second World War was only a memory to the Scots veteran , who had long since returned to his ‘ real life ’ as a husband , father and classics teacher .
Mr Harrison would go on to live a long and fruitful life , spending the last two - and - a - half years of it in the veterans ' hospital at Erskine , in Bishopton , Renfrewshire .
Yesterday a spokesman for the charity that runs the hospital said : ‘ It is with the greatest of sadness that we announce the passing of Great Escape veteran Jack Harrison .
‘ Mr Harrison , thought to be the last survivor of the escape , passed away with his son , Chris , and daughter , Jane , by his side . ’
The success of the film The Great Escape may have elevated the humble Latin teacher to the status of a war hero .
But to his family , he will forever be ‘ dad ’ .
In a joint statement yesterday , his two children paid tribute to him .
They said : ‘ To others , he was considered a war hero , but to us he was much more than that .
‘ He was a family man first and foremost .
He was also a church elder , a Rotarian , scholar , traveller and athlete .
He took up marathon running in his 70s to raise money for charity .
Called up : Harrison was a Classics teacher when called up to join the RAF .
He was shot down during his first mission and ended up in Stalag Luft III
‘ He was also a caring father and grandfather and he will be missed by the entire family .
‘ We are indebted to Erskine for the care and attention that he and we have received over the past two and a half years . ’
Throughout his long life , Mr Harrison played down his important role in the daring escape bid from Stammlager der Luftwaffe III - meaning a camp for airmen - which was established at Sagan , in what is now Poland .
He was being unduly modest .
Mr Harrison played a key role in the plot .
He acted as a ‘ runner ’ for Squadron Leader Roger Bushell , who was played in the film by Richard Attenborough .
Bushell was the mastermind behind the digging of the three escape tunnels , which were started in April 1943 and codenamed Tom , Dick and Harry .
His plan was to dig down to a depth of 30ft and then tunnel on three fronts towards the perimeter of the camp and into the woods beyond .
Stalag Luft III , which lay 100 miles south - east of Berlin , was a massive facility .
At its height , 10,000 RAF officers and non-commissioned aircrew were held there .
Planning the Great Escape required daring and ingenuity .
The prisoners would disguise themselves as civilians and split into three groups .
One group would trek out of the region , while others would use the railway network to effect an escape .
In an interview with the Scottish Daily Mail in 2008 , Mr Harrison said : ‘ The Germans knew about tunnels at other camps , so we had to be very careful - or you could be shot . ’
Tragically , that would be the fate of many of his comrades .
The Gestapo captured and executed 50 of them within days of the escape .
Passing the time : Prisoners at Stalag Luft III play football in the northern compound of the camp .
At its height , 10,000 RAF officers and non-commissioned aircrew were held there
However , no threat of capture or death could have persuaded the airmen not to do their duty and attempt to make it back home to rejoin their units .
Their exhaustive and intricate plan included creating fake documents and tailoring clothes .
By then , they had begun by digging Tom , Dick and Harry .
Tom and Dick had to be abandoned , but Harry remained .
The dirt from the tunnel was carried secretly into the camp where it was disguised as vegetable and tomato patches .
It was hoped that on the night of the escape – 24 March , 1944 - around 200 prisoners would go through Harry to the outside .
Each of the escapees was given a number that indicated his place in the ‘ queue ’ .
Immortalised : Richard Attenborough and Steve McQueen in the 1963 film The Great Escape .
Attenborough 's character was modelled on escape mastermind Roger Bushell , for whom Harrison was a runner
Civilians :
The escapees changed their uniforms to look like civilian clothes , and forgers created false documents and permits to fool pursuing Germans
Mr Harrison was Prisoner Number 96 and waited in Hut 104 to take his turn .
He was dressed as a civilian engineer , with fake papers to prove it , when he heard gunfire from outside .
Mr Harrison said : ‘ The 77th prisoner was escaping when I heard the shots .
‘ I was 96th in line and I was ready to go into the tunnel .
I had my kit , false ID , railway passes and German money .
‘ But unfortunately , “ Harry ” had fallen 30ft short of the wire surrounding the camp . ’
Only 76 men had emerged before a guard , who had gone to the woods to relieve himself , raised the alarm .
‘ We heard a rifle shot and it was all over , ’ said Mr Harrison , who added : ‘ I quickly burned the forged documentation in the stove and changed out of the civilian clothing .
Of the 76 who made it out of the tunnel , only three – two Norwegians and a Dutchman - eventually made it home .
The others were recaptured .
In an attempt to put off other prisoners seeking to escape , Hitler , Goering and Himmler ordered that those who were recaptured should be executed .
Iconic scene : Although daring motorcycle exploits were not part of the original escape , McQueen 's fence jump is one of the most memorable scenes in the film
Digging duties : Charles Bronsan as the ' Tunnel King ' .
Three tunnels were started simultaneously and eventually 76 men used ' Harry ' to escape
Mr Harrison said : ‘ I knew quite a few of the men who were shot .
For a while , we thought we would be next .
‘ It was an anxious time .
I was a long way from home and a very long way from my real life . ’
The Glasgow - born veteran had been working as a Latin and classics ’ teacher at Dornoch Academy , in Sutherland , when he was called up to serve in the Royal Air Force as a pilot .
On his first mission , in November 1942 , to bomb German supply ships at the Dutch port of Den Helder , his Lockheed Ventura was shot down .
He was captured and arrived later that month at Stalag Luft III .
Mr Harrison , who was also a grandfather , recalled how he was released .
‘ I was liberated as the Russians advanced , ' he said .
‘ We were marched for two days and nights and eventually we were loaded on to rail trucks and taken across Germany . '
Mr Harrison eventually got home .
He recalled : ‘ I had married my school sweetheart , Jean , in 1940 and she was living with her parents .
‘ After the war , I worked as a classics ’ teacher at the Glasgow Academy and we lived in the city until the 1950s . '
The family moved to Rothesay , on the Isle of Bute , in 1958 when Mr Harrison took up a post as Director of Education for the area .
Mr Harrison is survived by his son and daughter and two grandchildren , Mark and Stuart .
Major Jim Panton , the Chief Executive of Erskine Hospital , said yesterday : ‘ It was a privilege and an honour for Erskine to care for Jack over the past two years .
‘ Although a very modest and private man , he will be greatly missed by all of the staff and veterans in our home .
‘ Our thoughts are with his family at this sad time . ’
What 's this ?
Tea Party darling Marco Rubio reneging on his repeal pledge ?
I ’m with a small group of reporters in a D.C. coffee shop , chatting with Florida Republican Senate candidate Marco Rubio .
He just mentioned that there are two parts within the Obamacare legislation that he does n’t want repealed * .
The first is the ban on insurance companies denying coverage based on preexisting conditions and the second is that he thinks that children up to age 26 should be allowed to “ buy into ” their parents ’ coverage .
But the lapse was short - lived :
* UPDATE : Team Rubio seeks to clarify : Marco believes the health care law should be repealed – all of it .
[ blah , blah , blah , blah , blah ...]
With recent polls showing Charlie Crist ahead , Rubio knows that he has to tack to the center if he's to have any chance of winning ... but he can't afford to offend the lunatic fringe that got him the nomination .
Rubio is caught between a tea bag and a hard place .
* Jet fuel prices down by about $ 40 a tonne since Thursday
* Analysts see stock build up , surplus may be stored at sea
* Around 800,000 bpd cut in Europe
LONDON , April 19 ( Reuters ) -
The volcanic ash cloud from Iceland has cut world jet fuel demand by at least one million barrels per day ( bpd ) , or about a fifth of global consumption , market analysts said on Monday .
The eruption has been disrupting air travel in Europe since Thursday , with around 70 percent of all flights grounded .
Before the travel disruption , which is thought to be the largest since the Sept. 11 attacks [ ID:nLDE63I0GA ] , Europe ’s jet fuel demand averaged 1.17 million bpd in January and 1.25 million bpd last year , the latest report from the International Energy Agency ( IEA ) showed .
The estimated cut in Europe alone is equivalent to roughly 20 percent of global jet fuel demand , which JBC Energy estimates about 5 million bpd .
The cut is more than one percent of total global oil consumption , which the IEA expects to average 86 million bpd in 2010 .
With flights from other continents to Europe also grounded , the total impact on demand is even higher .
“ Such a major disturbance will have a sizeable impact on price formation , ” JBC Energy analyst David Wech said .
Jet fuel prices have fallen by $ 40 a tonne since Thursday , to trade around $ 720 - $ 730 a tonne in Europe .
By comparison , European gasoline prices have been down by about $ 25 .
“ In addition to the reported regional consumption , it is likely that a further share of other regional demand represents flights to Europe , ” JP Morgan analyst Lawrence Eagles said .
“ Therefore we might reasonably assume that 10 percent of Asian demand and North American demand is affected by the disruption , accounting for a further 230,000 - 250,000 bpd of lost demand . ”
Traders estimated a loss of African jet fuel demand at about 25,000 bpd .
SHIPPING FUEL
In contrast , Marine fuel prices have risen about $ 10 since late last week .
Some traders expected an increase in use of alternative seaborne transport if the flight disruption is prolonged .
Eurocontrol , the European aviation agency , said only 8,000 to 9,000 flights were expected to take place on Monday , compared with about 28,000 that would normally be expected .
[ ID : nWEB0415 ]
Demand had already been pressured by the economic crisis in recent years , leaving storage tanks in Europe brimming with jet fuel even before the Icelandic eruption .
“ The loss of flying from Friday to Tuesday should have resulted in a European stockbuild in jet fuel of about 5 million barrels and that comes at a time when stocks of jet in Europe are already plentiful , ” Petromatrix analyst Olivier Jakob said .
Stocks of jet fuel in independent storage at the Amsterdam - Rotterdam - Antwerp trading hub ( ARA ) stood at 892,000 tonnes last week STK - JET - ARA , just 15,000 tonnes lower than the record level seen at the height of the recession . [ ARA / ]
Techpediia is about Apple , Smartphones , Mobiles , Gadgets and Technology .
Reddit Email 14 Shares
A suppressed historical episode has emerged into the light of day in such a way as to deeply embarrass Israel and the United States in their campaign against Iran ’s peaceful nuclear enrichment program at Natanz near Isfahan .
In a recent interview , Tzahi Hanegbi , chairman of the Knesset Foreign Affairs and Defense Committee in Israel said , “ We are frustrated with the fact that Iran does not feel the pressure of the world , does not care about the demands of the International Atomic Energy Agency and the U.N. , because we feel that time is running out . ”
On Sunday , Israeli Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu said , “ The greatest danger mankind faces is a radical regime , without limits to its cruelty , obtaining nuclear capabilities . ”
Such Israeli eruptions of outrage about Iran depend on a key bit of misdirection , including denial of Israel ’s own small arsenal of nuclear warheads .
But it used to be difficult to prove Israel ’s arsenal exists .
No longer .
Iran appears not to have a nuclear weapons program , according to US intelligence , and its civilian nuclear research program is permitted under the terms of the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty .
The UN Security Council , however keeps insisting that Iran cease enrichment , though it is unclear why that body thinks it has the authority to amend the NPT ex post facto in that way .
It is true that Iran did not inform the UN as it was required to when it began trying to enrich uranium in the late 1990s .
And it is also true that Iran is not today as transparent with the International Atomic Energy Agency inspectors as that organization would like .
For their parts , , Iranian political figures such as speaker of the house Larijani and President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad have threatened to withdraw from the agreement reached last week with Turkey and Brazil whereby it would send a substantial amount of its stock of low enriched uranium to Turkey to be held in escrow , in return for the international community providing fuel enriched to 19.75 percent for the reactor that produces medical isotopes .
Barry Posen has demolished the argument , sometimes trotted out by the ‘ overthrow Tehran ’ crowd , that Iran would give nukes to third parties , including terrorists , if it had them .
But that argument is one among many deployed against Tehran on a somewhat fantastic basis ( since Iran does not have a bomb in the first place and likely could n’t have one for a decade or more even if it were trying , which as far as US intelligence can tell , it is n’t . )
The implication , that Iran must be stopped because it would proliferate to neighbors , may come back to haunt pro-Israeli propagandists , given Tel Aviv ’s own secret role in attempting to proliferate nukes to South Africa .
Netanyahu instanced the peculiar danger of Iran , but surely few regimes were as brutal and cruel or as threatening to their neighbors as Apartheid South Africa , which demonstrably wanted nuclear weapons in a way that cannot be equally well proven regarding Iran .
The Guardian reports on findings of historian Sasha Polakow - Suransky in the South African archives demonstrating that Israel offered Praetoria nuclear weapons in 1975 .
The documents are detailed in Polakow - Suransky ’s book , The Unspoken Alliance : Israel ’s Secret Relationship with Apartheid South Africa .
The relevant memos and minutes are reproduced by The Guardian here .
The White South African government appears to have wanted to buy Israeli nuclear - tipped missiles for potential use against Black African neighbors such as Angola , Botswana , Zambia and ( at certain points ) Mozambique– countries against which the rogue regime often launched cross - border raids .
It is worth remembering what kind of pariah , racist and repressive regime Apartheid South Africa really was .
Non-binding UN Security Council resolutions starting in the 1960s discouraged conventional arms sales to the regime , much less nuclear weapons !
( The UN - imposed arms sale ban became mandatory on member states in 1977 , shortly after the Israeli offer had been made ) .
The impact of officially imposed white supremacism on the wealth and health of the population of was clear by 1978 :
The Israel - South Africa partnership even extended to having the Anti-Defamation League , supposedly a civil rights organization fighting anti-Semitism , spy on and play dirty tricks on organizations and individuals in San Francisco who supported Palestinians or who opposed South African Apartheid .
The embarrassment is compounded by the increasing similarities between South African policies toward Black Africans and Israeli policies toward Palestinians .
There is a sense in which Gaza and the West Bank have become much like the “ homelands ” created for denaturalized South Africans , making them foreigners in their own country and requiring that they carry papers at all times .
But it is not clear that even the South African Apartheid regime imposed anything as cruel as the Israeli siege and blockade of the Gaza Strip .
That blockade is being challenged by a volunteer aid flotilla , which , however , risks being turned away before it can deliver humanitarian assistance to the half - starved Gazans , half of whom are children .
Whether it was intentional or not , the double standard in the UNSC concerning Israel ’s nuclear weapons ( including the recklessness with which its leaders have hinted they would use them , and the willingness to proliferate ) and Iran ’s civilian enrichment program , which may well never lead to a bomb has been underlined by Polakow - Suransky ’s revelations .
The research discoveries make it at least a little more difficult for the US and Israel to persuade other UNO states that Iran is a rogue and needs special intervention , while Israel is held harmless .
CHICAGO - Suffering from the worst budget deficit in state history , the Illinois legislature passed a FY 2011 budget in late May that will mean continued devastation of education and social service programs .
The Democratic controlled legislature passed the measure to avoid a May 31 deadline , after which a two - thirds supermajority would have been required to pass a budget .
Right - wing Republicans whose only solution is draconian cuts would have gained decisive power to alter the budget .
The legislature granted emergency powers to Democratic Gov. Pat Quinn to make budget cuts .
Ninety percent of the general funds are spent in just four areas , education , health care , human services and public safety .
Some observers believe the most severe cuts or tax increases will occur after the November elections and probably January 2011 when the legislature reconvenes .
Democrats will no longer need a three - fiths supermajority to pass legislation .
Under pressure for revenues , the state will sell its guaranteed $ 300 million yearly proceeds from the Tobacco Settlement Recovery Fund in the form of a one time payment of $ 1.2 billion in bonds which will be bought by banks and investors .
This is akin to privatization of public assets , which banks are aggressively pushing nationwide .
However , Democratic House Speaker Michael Madigan refused to deal with the need for a tax increase , to prevent the continuing dismantling of education and social services .
Illinois is the 5th leading state in GDP but is 45th in funding / GDP .
Madigan represents big business , financial and entrenched machine interests and has consistently opposed any progressive tax reform .
According to the Center for Tax and Budget Accountability , the new budget will leave the state over $ 7 billion in the red and over $ 11 billion if a scheduled payment to the state pension system is counted .
The deficit includes $ 6 billion in unpaid bills which has forced closure and cutbacks of social agencies .
The full scope of the budget crisis includes its impact on municipalities .
Anticipating no new state and federal aid , the Chicago Public Schools are confronting a $ 600 million deficit by laying off 2,000 teachers .
Over 12,500 teachers and administrators across the state are being fired .
In February , over 1,000 Chicago transit workers were laid off to overcome a $ 100 million transit deficit .
But that ’s not the entire story either .
The state has $ 80 billion in unfunded pension liabilities , the largest in the country .
A pension reform bill demanded by big business passed the legislature and was signed by Gov. Quinn .
It established a two - tier pension system , lowering pension payments for new hires while upping the retirement age to 67 years old to receive full benefits .
The move left public sector unions livid with both Democratic and Republican lawmakers .
That along with the inability of Democrats to pass any new revenues will likely have an impact on the November elections and motivation of voters to get to the polls .
The state capital was rocked by protests all spring from public workers , service providers and students .
The Responsible Budget Coalition , an alliance of public sector unions , service agencies and community organizations had advocated passage of tax reform legislation that would have raised billions in new revenues by raising the state income tax .
But legislation raising taxes was problematic because it would have left many working - class taxpayers paying more .
While polls showed many were willing to pay more taxes to help the budget situation , residents were n’t really motivated to fight for it .
With the deep and prolonged economic crisis , a program insisting on emergency federal aid , government jobs creation and taxing the wealthy , including a millionaire ’s tax , would create the basis for a more unifying campaign .
Photo : http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.0/deed.en
Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman reacted furiously on Wednesday to reports that a cabinet colleague had held a secret meeting with the Turkish government , saying the move had damaged his relationship with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu .
Lieberman accused the prime minister of undermining his authority after it emerged that another minister , Benjamin Ben Eliezer , had met with Turkish Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu in Switzerland - without first gaining permission from the foreign ministry .
Open gallery view Avigdor Lieberman , April 29 , 2010 Credit : AP
" The foreign minister takes a very serious view of the fact that this occurred without informing the Ministry of Foreign Affairs , " Lieberman 's office said in a statement .
" This is an insult to the norms of accepted behavior and a heavy blow to the confidence between the foreign minister and the prime minister . "
Ben Eliezer , a Knesset member of Defense MInister Ehud Barak 's Labor party , has over the past few weeks expressed concern over Israel 's deteriorating relationswith Turkey .
Ties between the once - close allies have come close to breakdown following a deadly raid by Israeli commandos on a Turkish - flagged aid ship a month ago .
Wednesday 's talks were apparently aimed at repairing the diplomatic damage .
Later on Wednesday , Netanyahu 's office released a statement that cited technical grounds for the failure to inform Lieberman of the meeting in Zurich .
Turkish officials had approached Ben Eliezer perosnally with a request for an informal discussion , which the prime minister had seen no cause to block , the statement said .
" In recent weeks there have been several attempts at contacts with Turkey of which the foreign ministry was aware , " the statement said .
" The foreign minister was not informed for technical reasons only .
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is working in full cooperation with the foreign minister and will clarify the incident with him . "
Lieberman 's hard - line Yisrael Beiteinu party is the second largest in the government coalition , behind Netanyahu 's Likud .
But the foreign minister 's right - wing views have made him unpalatable to many of Israel 's allies and he has often taken a back seat internationally , leaving high - level diplomacy to Netanyahu and Barak .
Following Israel 's May 31 raid , Ben Eliezer broke with other ministers in demanding an international inquiry into the incident , in which nine pro-Palestinian activists , eight of them Turkish , were killed .
Israel is conducting its own probe , led by a former Supreme Court judge and monitored by two international observers .
Written by CANNABIS CULTURE – A “ Free Marc ” campaign organizer was arrested Thursday , June 10th at the Niagara Falls office of Canadian Justice Minister Rob Nicholson in what activists are calling “ assault and police intimidation . ”
Jacob Hunter , Policy Director of the Beyond Prohibition Foundation and organizer of recent Conservative MP office occupation protests , was accosted by a police officer while attempting to walk through the front door of the Member of Parliament ’s constituency office in Ontario .
Hunter was there as part of a continuing series of protests being held at the offices of Conservative Members of Parliament by supporters of Marc Emery , and was joined by a group of activists including Jodie Emery .
Hunter was reportedly arrested for “ assaulting a police officer ” .
Activists said another individual was also arrested at the scene .
Several other activists gathered around Hunter as officers prepared to put him in a police vehicle .
Activist Eric Compton attempted to use the “ hug power ” technique by wrapping his arms around Hunter , but police aggressively grabbed him and slammed him on the hood of one of their cars . ”
Shocking video after the break .
Read more at Cannabis Culture
Chris Fargis thought his big job interview was over .
But when the partners at Wall Street upstart Toro Trading finished with their questions , they broke out a deck of cards and a green - felt card table .
Mind playing a few hands of poker ?
It was a final test , and Fargis was relieved .
The 30 - year - old never went to business school or even took a finance class .
But he knew poker .
He had made a living playing the game online for six years from his Manhattan apartment , betting on up to eight hands at a time .
Within a few days , Fargis — with no Wall Street experience — was offered a position trading stock options , a job that entails making multimillion - dollar gambles .
His poker skills sealed the deal .
“ If someone ’s been successful at poker then there ’s a good chance they could be successful in this business , ” said Toro partner Danon Robinson .
“ If you have no interest , that ’s almost a red flag ....
It ’s almost the equivalent of not reading the Wall Street Journal . ”
There ’s a part of Wall Street — investment banking in particular — that looks for recruits with sterling family connections and impeccable educations , and that favors sturdy young men and women who played college team sports such as lacrosse and rugby .
Toro Trading is not that Wall Street .
Instead , it ’s one of the new breed of high - speed trading desks that are revolutionizing the financial markets , and making their money on the fractional gains from buying or selling a split - second ahead of their rivals .
They look for job candidates who are quick - thinking , have nerves of steel and a head for numbers — the very skills that lead to success in online poker .
“ There ’s a certain maturity and ability to deal with risk that is hard to get any other way — unless you put the money on the table at some point in your life , ” said Aaron Brown , a hedge fund executive and author of the 2006 book “ The Poker Face of Wall Street . ”
Susquehanna International Group , a 1,500 - employee trading firm based in a Philadelphia suburb , has made the card game a central part of its training program .
New hires are given copies of “ The Theory of Poker ” and “ Hold ‘ Em Poker ” and spend one full day a week studying the game by playing it .
“ We are trying to teach people how to be good decision - makers under uncertainty , ” said Pat McCauley , who runs the training program .
“ It ’s not the stereotypical stuff with bluffing — it ’s real science . ”
The rising popularity of online poker has created , in effect , a huge farm team for Wall Street trading desks .
Last year , 6.8 million people played at least one hand of online poker for money , up 29 % from 2008 and nearly triple the number in 2005 , according to research firm PokerAnalytics.com .
Wall Street ’s interest in poker players comes with a certain irony in the aftermath of a global financial crisis , which many blame on reckless risk - taking by big banks .
The government ’s recent fraud lawsuit against Goldman Sachs targets just such behavior .
And President Obama has proposed limiting speculative trading by banks with their own money .
“ There are many overwhelming , negative consequences associated with the Wall Street philosophical fixation on casino capitalism , ” said John Kindt , a University of Illinois business professor , citing the subprime mortgage meltdown and the derivatives deals that felled insurance giant American International Group .
Even so , gambling appears to be in Wall Street ’s DNA .
The book “ Liar ’s Poker ” by Michael Lewis captures the heady days of the 1980s when cigar - chomping executives and bond traders at Salomon Bros .
would challenge each other to million - dollar wagers during down times on the trading floor .
Poker was a popular diversion among the Wall Street crowd of the ‘ 80s , a go - go era that saw the start of a long bull market and a huge wave of corporate takeovers .
The games of that era were clubby — and played in person .
A talent for schmoozing was valued at least as much as playing ability , said Brown , who was a regular player .
Poker then was more likely to lead to a job as a deal - making investment banker than as a trader .
The fast - paced online poker games of today are a better proving ground for Wall Street ’s trading floors , which have long been places for unrefined upstarts and members of minority groups .
Trading floors historically attracted loud characters with outsized desires , who made up for what they lacked in social skills and education with moxie .
A penchant for betting big is still more important than connections for a would - be trader .
But insiders say the typical personality profile has shifted toward that of a math nerd who understands probability and algorithms — the type of person likely to succeed in the nicety - free world of online poker .
Adam Gilman , at AMR Capital Trading in New York , said young traders like him who honed their skills playing poker alone at home “ are more analytical , less in - your - face macho meathead types . ”
The similarity in personalities reflects the parallels between poker and trading .
Internet poker players and traders both sit in front of multiple computer screens focusing on what they ’re holding — active hands for a player , open trades for a trader — and consider how to improve their positions .
A trader looks for a security selling for slightly more or less than it should be — then pounces , buying and selling quickly to take advantage of the disparity .
Similarly , a poker player constantly works through probabilities to determine when another player is betting more or less than makes sense given the cards on the table .
Another important crossover skill : the ability to bounce back from big losses .
When poker players interview at Group One Trading ’s office in Chicago , the director of recruiting and risk management , Dave Seidman , asks about their worst day , not their best : “ I ask , ‘ How long did it take you to play again ? ’
I want him to say , ‘ I played the next day ; that ’s just part of the game . ’ ”
For players with these abilities , moving to Wall Street can mean a pay cut , at least in the short term .
A talented online poker player can pull down well into six figures , players say .
Gilman , at AMR Trading , said he made as much as $ 550,000 a year playing poker .
Traders typically start with a base salary of only about $ 80,000 , albeit supplemented by comparatively large bonuses .
But poker winnings pale next to Wall Street ’s huge profit potential .
“ Our traders put up millions of dollars in real money on a daily basis , ” said Noah Minetz , 22 , who played poker while attending the University of Illinois before he joined Group
One late last year .
“ It ’s unlimited higher stakes and unlimited potential .
Poker ’s cool , but it ’s not that . ”
For Fargis , in addition to the money , there are the normal working hours and the camaraderie that he never got playing poker alone at home into the wee hours .
He has co-workers at Toro to talk to — and make bets with .
One recent morning , his colleagues smiled when he walked into the office .
“ It ’s good you ’re here because we ’re about to get a bet on , ” one said .
The wager : whether one of the firm ’s partners could eat a banana split in less than a minute .
Fargis pondered the odds and decided he liked them .
A few minutes later , after the banana split was consumed , the former professional gambler was , once again , right on the money .
nathaniel.popper@latimes.com
RIP Lynn Redgrave ( updated )
Following on the deaths of Corin Redgrave and Natasha Richardson last year , another member of the Redgrave family acting dynasty has left us too soon .
Lynn Redgrave has passed on at age 67 from the breast cancer that first attacked her in 2003 .
Ms. Redgrave made quite a splash back in 1966 in the English hit , “ Georgy Girl , ” getting an Oscar nomination and a lot of worldwide attention as a zaftig “ ugly duckling ” who finds herself the center of attention for her handsome flat - mate ( Alan Bates ) and an aging millionaire ( James Mason ) .
Though she later became slender enough to play traditionally glamorous and very sexy leading ladies — and did occasionally in such roles as the ill - fated “ The Happy Hooker ” — she instead gravitated to a very British - style career in which she rather brilliantly covered all kinds of serious and comedic parts on stage , television , and movies .
( Deep comedy fans might remember her in Woody Allen ’s “ Everything You Ever Wanted to Know About Sex ” and the disaster movie spoof , “ The Big Bus . ” )
While her sister , Vanessa Redgrave , was getting attention on a massive scale with her high end film and stage career and far - left politics , she appeared in a series of commercials for Weight Watchers ’ products , starred in the U.S. sitcom , “ House Calls ” and gracefully segued into often quirky character roles like her accent - heavy Oscar - nominated turn as a housekeeper in 1998 ’s “ Gods and Monsters . ”
Though I ’ve always enjoyed Ms. Redgrave ’s work in all media over the years , I ’ve never actually caught her signature movie role .
After the flip , we have a couple of scenes that indicate this one might be worth very much renting or adding to your Netflix queue .
UPDATE : The invaluable David Hudson rounds up the reaction to Ms. Redgraves passing .
Home | More Videos | About Us | Contact | Subscribe | Donate
The unreported catastrophe Program length - 02:47 Subscribe to Brasscheck TV
Your e-mail address is kept absolutely private
We make it easy to unsubscribe at any time
Another legacy of the Bushbama adminstration
Advertisement
It 's a simple story .
Criminals take over the White House in 2000 and hand over everything not nailed down to their criminal friends in the energy industry .
One of the things they handed over in 2005 was complete immunity to gas drilling companies for damaging water wells and ground water .
The result ?
PERMANENTLY destroyed fresh water sources in thousands of North American communities .
Bush &
Co cheered .
Obama & Co. are fine with it too .
The catastrophe on the Gulf is only the most obvious problem
The Misconception : Coffee stimulates you .
The Truth :
You become addicted to caffeine quickly , and soon you are drinking coffee to cure withdrawal more than for stimulation .
Mmmm , a warm cup of coffee with delicious cream , topped with a frothy head .
You smell it brewing and feel cozy inside as you browse cakes and brownies , scones and biscotti .
You get some of it in you , and you feel alive again – you feel superhuman .
Suddenly , you feel like John Nash , you ca n’t keep up with your own mind as geometric symbols float over the magazine articles in your lap .
Someone strikes up a conversation about health care , and suddenly everything you ’ve ever heard about the topic is at the tip of your tongue .
Damn , coffee is awesome .
Except , of course , much of this is an illusion .
The truth is , once you ’ve been drinking coffee for a while , the feeling you are getting after a cup is n’t the difference between the normal you and the super you , it ’s the difference between the addict before and after a fix .
Ok , this is a very simplified explanation : Caffeine is an adenosine antagonist .
This means it prevents adenosine from doing its job .
Your brain is filled with keys which fit specific keyholes .
Adenosine is one of those keys , but caffeine can fit in the same keyhole .
When caffeine gets in there , it keeps adenosine from getting in .
Adenosine does a lot of stuff all throughout your body , but the most noticeable job it has is to suppress your nervous system .
With caffeine stuck in the keyhole , adenosine can’t calm you down .
It ca n’t make you drowsy .
It ca n’t get you to shut up .
That crazy wired feeling you get when you drink a lot of coffee is what it feels like when your brain ca n’t turn itself off .
To compensate , your brain creates a ton of new receptor sites .
The plan is to have more keyholes than false keys .
The result is you become very sensitive to adenosine , and without coffee you get overwhelmed by its effects .
After eight hours of sleep , you wake up with a head swimming with adenosine .
You feel like shit until you get that black gold in you to clean out those receptor sites .
That perk you feel is n’t adding anything substantial to you – it ’s bringing you back to just above zero .
In addition , coffee stimulates your adrenal glands , which makes you feel like you could take a bullet and eat glass .
When the adrenaline runs dry , you feel like you ’ve been running a marathon , which leads you to look for more coffee to get those glands pumping again .
After a few rides on the adrenal roller - coaster , you crash .
You might think all of this probably takes a while , but it takes about seven days to become addicted to caffeine .
Once addicted , you need more and more coffee to get buzzed as your brain gets covered in receptor sites .
Neurologists report seeing patients regularly who drink two or three pots of coffee in one sitting before starting their day .
Coffee also releases dopamine , the feel - good chemical in the brain which is released when you have an orgasm , win the lottery and shoot heroin .
A similar addiction cycle with dopamine leads to depression and fatigue when you are n’t hitting the beans .
Finally , caffeine takes about six hours to leave your system .
So if you drink coffee six hours or less before going to bed , you wo n’t reach deep sleep as often .
This means you wake up less rested , and need more coffee .
If you ’ve been drinking coffee for a while , you are n’t getting nearly as much out of it as you did in the beginning .
You are just curing an addiction .
“ The take home is that regular use of caffeine produces no benefit to alertness , energy , or function .
Regular caffeine users are simply staving off caffeine withdrawal with every dose – using caffeine just to return them to their baseline .
This makes caffeine a net negative for alertness , or neutral at best if use is regular enough to avoid any withdrawal . ”
– Neurologist Stephen Novella from his blog , Neurologica
Mind you , this is not a dependency .
You will experience withdrawal symptoms upon cessation , but not like with amphetamines and cocaine .
Coffee does n’t seem to affect the dopaminergic structures related to reward , but before you breathe a sigh of relief , ask yourself how long you ’ve been drinking it .
Try and stop for two weeks and see how hard it is .
A cup or three will still give you pep , but as with all stimulants , over time you need more and more to reach that golden hum .
Do n’t freak out , 90 percent of Americans are just like you , and you are not so smart .
You Are Not So Smart – The Book
If you buy one book this year …well , I suppose you should get something you ’ve had your eye on for a while .
But , if you buy two or more books this year , might I recommend one of them be a celebration of self delusion ?
Give the gift of humility ( to yourself or someone else you love ) .
Watch the trailer .
Order now : Amazon – Barnes and Noble – iTunes – Books A Million
Links :
Drinking coffee does n’t make you more alert , new study shows
Caffeine , a drug of abuse ?
The effects of chronic caffeine intake on adenosine receptors
Caffeine and adenosine receptors , a genetic view
Caffeine Withdrawal A Recognized Disorder
Adenosine and caffeine at About.com
Tolerance and addiction to coffee at Wikipedia
In the aftermath of Israel ’s 31 May attack on the Freedom Flotilla that left nine dead and scores wounded , each side claimed their actions were protected under international law .
While the Israelis cited self - defense , and the Flotilla passengers reiterated that they were peace activists on a humanitarian mission that were attacked in international waters where neither Israel ( nor any other state ) has any claim .
This has caused some confusion , especially in light of the extensive airtime given to Israeli officials by most mainstream media outlets .
However , it must be known that under established rules of international law , Israel had no right to attack a peaceful convoy on international waters ; and indeed such an attack constitutes an international crime or even an act of war .
The Israeli argument is predicated on the assumption that the blockade of Gaza is justified , that “ there is no humanitarian crisis in Gaza , ” and therefore , as Israel is at war with Hamas , intercepting the Flotilla was justified .
What is cited is the San Remo Manual on International Law Applicable to Armed Conflicts at Sea , which under Section II states that a blockade is a legitimate method of warfare .
In an Al - Jazeera interview , Mark Regev , the spokesman for Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , stated that “ Israel is at war with Hamas . ”
Based on a very selective reading of the San Remo Manual , Israel considered the Flotilla to be breaching the blockade , and under Article 98 is therefore entitled to seize the ships .
But is it really as clear - cut ?
To know that , we must ascertain whether the blockade was indeed a legitimate means , as Israel states , to defend itself against Hamas .
Under Article 102 of the San Remo Manual , it states that a blockade is prohibited if the damage to the civilian population is excessive in relation to the military advantage .
A 2009 report by the UN Human Rights Council showed that Israel ’s restrictions of both imports to and exports from Gaza were unclear and often inconsistent , denying the civilian population adequate nutrition .
Such arbitrary items that were barred include sage , cardamom , ginger , jam , fresh meat , fishing rods , among other items .
Although there is much aid available , Israel was not allowing a sufficient amount to enter Gaza .
This amounts to a breach of Article 33 of the Fourth Geneva Convention , which prohibits collective punishment .
Nothing could be clearer than Israel ’s Security Cabinet ’s declaration in 2007 that as it viewed the whole of Gaza as “ hostile territory , ” they would restrict the flow of people and goods , effectively harming the livelihoods of ordinary civilians .
In March 2009 , 65 percent of the population was living under the poverty line , with 37 percent living in extreme poverty .
The UN report states that “ In so far as it constitutes collective punishment of all persons in Gaza , including the civilian population , the blockade is itself a violation of international humanitarian law . ”
Considering that the blockade itself is illegal , and indeed the UN has asked Israel to lift the blockade , the San Remo Manual is not applicable since it only applies to legal blockades .
Only if a blockade is legal does Article 103 of the Manual become effective , which states that if the civilian population of the blockaded territory is inadequately provided for , the blockading party must allow free passage of foodstuffs and essential goods , but has a right to inspect them .
The reality of the matter is that Israeli is imposing the insufferable conditions .
In actual fact , since Israel is exercising “ effective control ” over Gaza , it is still the occupying power .
Article 42 of the 1907 Hague Regulations states that “ Territory is considered occupied when it is actually placed under the authority of the hostile army ” and this imposes on Israel several responsibilities towards the civilian population , which as we have seen above , have not been fulfilled .
Article 55 of the Geneva Conventions specifically provides that the occupying power must provide food and medical supplies at an adequate level , and reports by both the UN and several human rights organizations have shown this not to be the case .
Grave breaches of the Fourth Geneva Conventions are war crimes .
Under Article 146 of the Fourth Geneva Conventions each state “ shall bring such persons [ who committed grave breaches of the convention ] , regardless of their nationality , before its own courts . ”
Thus , those responsible in the Israeli government are liable to be tried for war crimes in any state .
Israel invoked the right to self - defense against what it said was attacks by passengers of the ships .
However , it was Israel that intercepted the ship on the high seas .
Under Article 87 of the UN Convention on the Law of the Sea , the high seas are open to all states and have certain freedoms , including the freedom of navigation .
By intercepting the ship , Israel has breached this freedom .
A war ship may only intercept a merchant vessel on the high seas if that vessel is engaged in piracy , the slave trade or is the same nationality as the warship ( under the Law of the Sea as well as the Geneva High Seas Convention ) .
In this case , there was no reasonable basis for this suspicion , and Israel did not claim any of these exceptions .
Furthermore , under the Law of the Sea , the flag state is to enforce its municipal laws as well as international law on its ship .
That is , the ship is an extension of the flag state ’s territory .
In the case of the Turkish ship , in which Israeli forces forcefully entered , killed and wounded civilians , those Israelis are subject to Turkish law and are liable to be tried in a Turkish court for their actions .
The civilians on the boat were entitled to self - defense limited by the principle of proportionality .
As has been reported , the Israelis boarded the ship with firearms bearing live ammunition as well as anti-riot weapons and ordinance , while the civilians used sharp objects and sticks .
What we know from the eye - witness accounts on board the Mavi Marmara was that a passenger was shot first .
The case would be simpler had it been Israeli civilians , or at least an unauthorized attack by Israeli military personnel .
In actual fact , the matter is more complicated because this was an authorized action by the Israeli military , thus rendering it an act of war on Turkey .
Even in a situation of war , civilians are not to be attacked .
The Flotilla was clearly carrying civilians who were not carrying weapons ( and this was confirmed before the ships left port and after the cargo was inspected by Israel ) from the ages of one year old to 89 years old .
Under Article 6 of the Charter Provisions of the Nuremburg Trials , murder or any other inhumane act against a civilian population is tantamount to crimes against humanity .
Israel not only has to answer to Turkey for attacking its vessel , but as Israel is Party to the 1988 International Maritime Organization ’s Convention on the Suppression of Unlawful Acts against the Safety of Maritime Navigation , it has breached Article 3 which prohibits seizing a ship by force or any other form of intimidation , or to commit any acts of violence against the people on the ship .
What can be concluded is that Israel ’s reliance on the Articles in the San Remo Manual on International Law Applicable to Armed Conflicts at Sea to defend its actions against the Flotilla are invalidated by the fact that the blockade itself is illegal .
In that case , Israel ’s use of force against the Turkish vessel , the murder of civilians and its seizure of the other vessels constitute breaches of several Conventions to which Israel is a party to , a possible act of war against Turkey as well as crimes against humanity and war crimes , to which Israel must be held accountable .
Jinan Bastaki is a Law graduate of the London School of Economics .
She has been active in the LSESU Palestine Society and is now residing in the United Arab Emirates .
She is currently an LLM candidate at the University of California , Berkeley .
( This post uses GHC 6.12.1 )
The expression “ first class labels ” refers to the idea that , for record data types , one should be able to pass around the labels just as they would any other type .
For instance , if I have a record like
data
Foo a b = { biz :: a , baz :: b }
the value biz should n’t just denote the function biz :: Foo a b -> a , but should also be usable as a way of updating records , that is , a function like biz ' :: Foo a b -> a ' ->
Foo a' b .
The Mythical Haskell ’ includes some proposals for updating the records system with features aimed at supporting this idea , but for the time being , many people prefer to use fclabels , which achieves much of this magic using Template Haskell .
Recently , while working on an EDSL , I found myself wishing I had first class labels .
I ran into a problem , though , which ( along with solution ) I ’ll now describe .
Consider the following code :
module Label where data Foo a b =
Foo a b deriving Show updatea :: a' ->
Foo a b ->
Foo a' b updatea a ( Foo _ b ) =
Foo a b updateb :: b' ->
Foo a b ->
Foo a b' updateb b ( Foo a _ ) =
Foo a b works Fine foo0 = let foo1 = updatea ' a ' foo0 foo2 = updatea " a " foo1 in foo2
Here I ’ve defined a data structure Foo with two fields , along with a pair of functions for updating these fields .
Then I defined a function worksFine which uses updatea to modify a Foo .
Obviously I could also write the following function :
works Fine ' foo0 = let foo1 = updateb ' a ' foo0 foo2 = updateb " a " foo1 in foo2
which is exactly the same , except that it uses updateb instead , thereby modifying the other field in Foo .
So now we have an obvious place to generalize : instead of having both worksFine and worksFine ' , why not have a single function which takes the updater as a parameter ?
If we try it out , the first attempt looks like this :
trouble u foo0 = let foo1 = u ' a ' foo0 foo2 = u " a " foo1 in foo2
Only trouble is that this fails to type check :
Could n't match expected type ` [ Char ] ' against inferred type ` Char ' Expected type : [ Char ] -> t1 -> t Inferred type : Char -> t2 -> t1
In the expression : u " a " foo1
In the definition of `foo2 ' : foo2 = u " a " foo1
The problem is that trouble does n’t believe that the argument u is polymorphic enough .
This is a typical rank - 2 issue : we do n’t want trouble to bind the type variables in the signature for u .
Using rank - 2 types , we can get very close to a solution .
We can write the functions
alsoWorks Finea :: ( forall a a ' . a ' ->
Foo a b -> Foo a' b ) ->
Foo a b ->
Foo [ Char ] b alsoWorks
Finea u foo0 = let foo1 = u ' a ' foo0 foo2 = u " a " foo1 in foo2 alsoWorks Fineb :: ( forall b b' . b' ->
Foo a b -> Foo a b ' ) ->
Foo a b ->
Foo a [ Char ] alsoWorks Fineb u foo0 = let foo1 = u ' a ' foo0 foo2 = u " a " foo1 in foo2
but neither is able to accept both of our update functions , even though each function has exactly the same body .
Worse , I was n’t able to find a sufficiently general type signature that would allow me to have one function which would be able to accept both update functions .
Luckily , where rank - 2 types have failed me , type families have saved me .
Any time you need more flexibility in your type signatures than the syntax will allow , you might be in a box where type families are the way to go .
Here ’s what it looked like in my case .
First I defined some typed to represent the two fields of my Foo structure :
data A = A data B = B
Obviously I can pass around these values in a first - class manner , no trouble at all .
Then I defined a class for describing updating and getting :
class Field f x y where type Updated f x y update :: f -> x -> y ->
Updated f x y type Gotten f y get :: f -> y ->
Gotten f y
Now there are two instances to give , one for each field in Foo :
instance Field A a' ( Foo a b ) where type Updated A a' ( Foo a b ) = Foo a' b update A a' ( Foo a b ) = Foo a' b type Gotten A ( Foo a b ) = a get A ( Foo a b ) = a instance Field B b' ( Foo a b ) where type Updated B b' ( Foo a b ) = Foo a b' update B b' ( Foo a b ) = Foo a b ' type Gotten B ( Foo a b ) = b get B ( Foo a b ) = b
And we ’re basically done .
We can now write the function that started this whole mess :
shouldWorkFine f foo0 = let foo1 = update f ' a ' foo0 foo2 = update f " a " foo1 in foo2
GHCi is able to give us a very promising type signature for it :
> :t shouldWorkFine shouldWorkFine :: ( Field f [ Char ] ( Updated f Char y ) , Field f Char y ) => f -> y ->
Updated f [ Char ] ( Updated f Char y )
While this technique introduces type classes and type families into our program ( something which can make typing troublesome in other areas ) , it delivers something I do n’t know how to otherwise get : polymorphic first class labels .
Clearly the next step is to implement a library like fclabels which uses Template Haskell to define instances of the Field class .
The blockade has been in place since 2006
The announcement by Israel that it will take steps to ease its blockade of the Gaza Strip has been roundly dismissed by the regional Arabic press as a cynical ploy .
Israel has been under severe international pressure to review its policy towards Gaza since its raid of a flotilla carrying aid to the strip left nine dead .
An Israeli government statement said on Thursday that Israel would " liberalise the system by which civilian goods enter Gaza " , but did not specify how this would happen .
Commentators in the Middle East argued that Israel was seeking only to mollify its critics rather than acting in the interests of lasting peace .
Pundits across the region called for the blockade on Gaza to be lifted immediately .
The Israeli press paid little attention to the announcement , focusing instead on yesterday 's protest by Ultra -Orthodox Jews in Jerusalem .
EDITORIAL IN THE PALESTINIAN AL - QUDS Israel has decided to take steps toward " easing " the unjust siege it is imposing on the Gaza Strip ...
Israel will try to convince the world that it has acceded to the demands of the international community .
But the world is not blind and knows that the siege is ongoing .
EDITORIAL IN EGYPT'S AL - JUMHURIYAH
Israel 's announcement of a so - called easing of the siege is nothing but a lie ...
Israel does not want to give up its aggressive expansion plans at any price , even for a peaceful settlement that allows the region 's people to lead a decent and free life .
SUBHI ZU'AYTAR IN SAUDI ARABIA'S AL - WATAN
It is ironic that Israel thinks it can convince the international community that by adopting these measures the residents of the Gaza Strip , who have been living under siege for four years , will enjoy everything they hoped for .
It will be more ironic , in the light of Israeli threats against anyone who thinks of taking part in the Freedom Flotillas preparing to sail to Gaza , if the world believes it .
ADNAN ALI IN SYRIA'S AL - THAWRAH
The talk is of " easing " the siege [ rather than ending it ] ... this is nothing more than an attempt to rescue Israel from itself .
If Israel succeeds in placating the world 's conscience , excited by the flotilla incident , it is unlikely to lay down a secure basis for the resolution of the current situation , which continues to be a disgrace to humanity .
EDITORIAL IN QATAR'S AL - RAYAH
The decision is an effort to legitimise the " Israeli siege " ... the international community has a responsibility to reject this new Israeli ploy and put pressure on Israel to lift the siege completely .
EDITORIAL IN THE UAE'S AL - BAYAN Everything that is proposed comes under the title of " easing " the siege , which in practice means keeping it but in a " softened " form .
BBC Monitoringselects and translates news from radio , television , press , news agencies and the internet from 150 countries in more than 70 languages .
It is based in Caversham , UK , and has several bureaux abroad .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Is Ronald Reagan the Great Grand - Daddy of Reconciliation ?
That was TPM Reader and former congressional staffer BP says …
First , reconciliation was a little noticed provision of the Congressional Budget Control and Impoundment Act of 1974 , a significant attempt by Congress to establish a disciplined process for getting a handle on the burgeoning federal budget in the waning years of the guns and butter policy of the Johnson Administration , which carried out both the Great Society and the Viet Nam War simultaneously .
I believe reconciliation was first used in 1978 to “ reconcile ” budgetary problems in the National School Lunch Program .
As a Senate Committee staffer in the early 1980 ’s , I participated in the first major use of reconciliation , and I would like to recount my experience .
I understand that CRS has documented significant instances of reconciliation , but I would like to provide some personal flavor .
Second , Ronald Reagan came to D.C. in 1981 with a least four stated , major goals : balance the budget , cut taxes , increase the defense budget and hold Social Security constant .
His OMB director , David Stockman , who was a former John B. Anderson staffer as was I , hit upon reconciliation as a vehicle to drive not only budgetary changes but major , major policy changes as well .
Stockman circulated what we called his little black book , which contained all sorts of suggested changes to federal programs .
Stockman purposely want to move quickly in order to fracture what he called the “ Iron Triangle ” , namely the troika of Members of Congress who created specific programs , bureaucrats who ran administered those programs and citizens who benefited from those programs , from binding together to resist change .
Third , the process was begun in the House and was led by another of the conservative icon , Phil Gramm , who was one of the major horseman of the reconciliation apocalypse .
In fact , the House bill was referred to as Gramm - Latta , the other half being former Congressman Del Latta of Ohio .
The Reagan / Stockman / Gramm / Latta proposal made enormous changes in not only tax policy but also to appropriations and authorization language for underlying federal program statutes .
The budget alternative also was moved so precipitously through the House that the name of CBO staffer Rita Seymour was actually printed , along with her phone number , in the massive , printed amendment that came to the House floor .
When I made speeches on this legislation , I used to sarcastically call it “ trying to undo twenty years of laws in twenty minutes . ”
Fourth , when it got to the Senate , where I worked as a professional staff member on the U.S. Senate Subcommittee on Education , Arts and the Humanities , chaired by the Vermont U.S. Senator Bob Stafford , the process got considerably slower .
One reason : the Senate Labor and Human Resources Committee , chaired by Orrin Hatch , was closely divided with nine Republicans and 7 Democrats .
A good part of the reconciliation bill was devoted to enacting a Reagan favorite , block grants .
I believe at least four or five of these had to go through Labor and Human Resources so that the underlying statutory language could be changed by the authorizing committee .
Stafford and fellow GOP committee member Lowell Weicker refused to agree to the changes the White House wanted .
By not joining the other seven Republicans on the committee , they created a logjam that kept the flood of Reagonomics from rushing over the Senate .
Eventually , Stafford and Weicker extracted significant compromises from the White House , and the Omnibus Budget and Reconciliation Act of 1981 became law .
People should disabuse themselves of the notion that major changes were not made .
In our little subcommittee alone , we ended up amending the Higher Education Act , the student loan program , and the fundamental Elementary and Secondary Education Act , all foundational elements of the Great Society .
Had it not been for Stafford and Weicker , the changes would have been even worse .
And , even now , we are living with the results of some of the revisions we made in 1981 , many chosen purely to meet the budget authority and budget obligation targets handed down by the Senate Budget Committee .
I know that Republicans have canonized Saint Ronnie and want him up on Mount Rushmore , but please remind his latter - day acolytes that Reagan is the great grand - daddy of reconciliation , and had it not been for that now - dead breed of moderate Republicans including Bob Stafford and Lowell Weicker , the Reagan Revolution would have been even more wrenching to our national fabric .
Today , the consequences of the 1981 OBRA continue to spawn damaging aftershocks , and congressional Republicans who deny this fact are either choosing to ignore it or are lying .
I tend to think they are doing the latter .
James has been tipped to be England 's number one keeper at the World Cup England 's David James has joined the growing list of goalkeepers to voice concern about the new Jabulani ball that will be used in the World Cup .
Australia 's Mark Schwarzer recently joined keepers from Italy , Brazil and Spain in criticising the ball .
" There will undoubtedly be goals scored in this tournament which in previous tournaments with different balls would n't have been scored , " said James .
" It will allow extra goals , but leave some goalkeepers looking daft . "
Detractors have suggested that the design of the new ball makes it more unpredictable , but manufacturer Adidas has rejected the criticism , saying it was widely tested and approved before its launch in December .
A spokesman for the company , Thomas Van Schaik , said players had been practising with the ball since January and most of the feedback had been positive .
However , James said : " The ball is dreadful .
It 's horrible , but it 's horrible for everyone .
" You saw from Frank [ Lampard 's ] free - kick in the first half against Japan , which dipped wickedly , so it 'll be interesting . "
Schwarzer admitted to having struggled with the new ball in the Socceroos ' 1 - 0 warm - up win over Denmark on Tuesday .
606 : DEBATE
Basically if you have ever played beach volley ball whilst on holiday , you have played with this ball
Oracle123
The match was played in Johannesburg , 1,700 m above sea level , which is a factor that could further affect the flight of the ball .
" Obviously it 's quite unpredictable , the way the ball flies , " said the 37 - year - old Fulham keeper .
" Sometimes the ball has a genuine flight and other times it has a mind of its own so it has taken time to adjust and it will take us time still now .
" We have got to use this time between now and the first game on 13 June , where we are playing at sea level , to hopefully get used to the flight of the ball a little bit better and make things easier for ourselves .
" You have to stay calm and probably hold your run a bit longer and then go a bit later , but it can be difficult because sometimes the ball ( comes in ) very , very quick as well . "
Spain goalkeeper Iker Casillas and Brazil custodian Julio Cesar have previously suggested the ball is difficult to control .
And Italy 's Gianluigi Buffon added his voice to the clamour on Tuesday , saying : " The trajectory is really unpredictable .
Usually you get used to it , but in this case every touch comes with the unknown .
" I noticed the first day that this Jabulani ball was n't right .
Germany manager Joachim Loew with a giant Jabulani ball " The World Cup brings together the best players in the world and to those players you must provide something decent .
The new ball is not decent . "
The goalkeepers ' union were backed up by Italy striker Giampaolo Pazzini , who said : " The new ball is a disaster for strikers .
It 's fast and it weighs less than a normal ball . "
Further condemnation has come from Japan defender Marcus Tulio Tanaka , who scored in the 2 - 1 warm - up defeat by England on Sunday , and Denmark coach Morten Olsen .
Tanaka admitted the ball was " difficult for defenders to deal with " because of its unpredictability , while Olsen described it as " an impossible ball " .
However , Spain midfielder Xabi Alonso said his team - mates were gradually getting used to the Jabulani ball , which is named after the Zulu word " to celebrate " .
Alonso said : " The ball is different but little by little , we are getting accustomed to it .
We have only been training with it for a few days and it has different characteristics but you get a feel for the touch and its trajectory .
" As days go by and once we play more games with it , I am certain we will feel more comfortable with it . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
On May 17 , 2010 , Google , Inc. was sued in the United States Federal District Court for the District of Oregon by Vicki Van Valin and Neil Mertz ; the allegations asserting violation of Oregon , Washington and US privacy statutes ( 18 USC 2511 ) .
The original complaint also seeks to certify a class action against Google , who has already admitted that it engaged in inappropriate collecting of private information from unsuspecting Internet users .
Google characterizes the privacy violations as a “ mistake , ” but a recently published US patent application assigned to Google may suggest that there were those within Google who gave considerable consideration to such an invasion of privacy through the use of sniffer or snooping software .
On or about May 8 , 2010 , the data protection authority ( DPA ) in Hamburg , Germany requested Google to audit the WiFi data collect for use in location - based products like Google Maps .
As a result of this request Google initiated a review of its procedures and admitted that they were “ mistakenly collecting samples of payload data from open ( i.e. non-password - protected )
WiFi networks , even though we never used that data in any Google products . ”
The story offered by Google on its blog is as follows :
So how did this happen ?
Quite simply , it was a mistake .
In 2006 an engineer working on an experimental WiFi project wrote a piece of code that sampled all categories of publicly broadcast WiFi data .
A year later , when our mobile team started a project to collect basic WiFi network data like SSID information and MAC addresses using Google ’s Street View cars , they included that code in their software — although the project leaders did not want , and had no intention of using , payload data .
In this blog post Google explained that data obtained in Ireland had already been deleted , and that the company plans to delete the data as soon as possible and is working with regulators regarding how to appropriately dispose of the information collected .
To quote Lee Corso of ESPN College Football Game Day fame , “ not so fast my friend ! ” Enter Judge Michael Mosman , a United States Federal District Court Judge in the District of Oregon .
At the request of attorneys for the plaintiffs and would - be class representatives , Judge Mosman was requested to issue a temporary restraining order and preliminary injunction , which he did on May 24 , 2010 .
Specifically , Judge Mosman ordered that Google must :
Produce two exact bit - by - bit mirror image copies of the existing hard drive containing the so - called “ payload ” data so that they are identical and interchangeable with the existing source disk ( i.e. , “ clones ” ) .
Transmit both clone drives to Judge Mosman ’s chambers where they will be logged in and placed under court seal .
Retain the source hard drive and encryption key .
Take all steps necessary to ensure any encryption key or password are maintained that are necessary for the Court to retrieve the information .
Judge Mosman further explained that access to the data will be determined during the normal course of discovery .
But at least Google cannot destroy the evidence should it ultimately be determined to be necessary during the court proceeding .
What a mess Google has created !
Unfortunately for Google , it gets worse .
On January 28 , 2010 , US Patent Application 2010020776 published , which was simply titled “ Wireless network - based location approximation . ”
This patent application became a central focus of the amended complaint , filed on June 2 , 2010 , leading the plaintiffs to add a fourth claim for relief under 47 USC 605 .
The patent application also lead the plaintiffs to make a claim that the actions taken by Google were not “ mistaken ” but were , in fact , “ willfully committed and for the purposes of direct or indirect commercial advantage or private financial gain . ”
This fourth cause of action seeks damages in the amount of $ 100,000 for each violation .
With respect to the aforementioned patent application the amended complaint states :
16 . The ‘ 776 Application discloses a method devised by Google for gathering , analyzing , and using data sent by users over their wireless routers and other wireless access points ( collectively “ wireless APs ” ) .
One way the data can be gathered , Google claims , is through a wireless receiver , using a sensitive high gain antenna , operating in a “ sniffer ” mode to obtain all types of data transmitted by a user ’s wireless AP .
The data so gathered , explains Google , can then be analyzed or decoded with an “ analyzer program . ”
17 . The ‘ 776 Application shows that with data collected from a user ’s wireless AP , Google can determine , among other things ( 1 ) the vendor and model of their wireless AP device , ( 2 ) the geographic coordinates , and therefore the location or street address where the wireless AP is located , and ( 3 ) the approximate location of the wireless AP within the user ’s residence or business .
The invention also provides the capability for Google , or others with access to the data collected and analyzed as described by Google , to directly correlate the data , including the user ’s payload data , with a precise location , such as geographic coordinates or a street address .
18 .
As disclosed in the ‘ 776 Application , the more types and greater the quantity of WiFi data obtained , decoded , and analyzed by Google from any particular user , the higher its “ confidence level ” in the calculated location of that user ’s wireless AP .
Collection , decoding , and analysis of a user ’s payload data would , therefore , serve to increase the accuracy , value , useability , and marketability of Google ’s new method for wireless network - based location approximation , and any service that relied upon that method , such as the Google Location Service .
19 .
The ‘ 776 Application also discloses that the confidence level in determining the location of a user ’s wireless AP can be enhanced or increased by decoding , then analyzing what types of data has been captured ( i.e. management frames , control frames , or payload data ) , then reviewing the decoded data to determine whether it arrived in an intact or corrupted state .
20 .
The ‘ 776 Application also discloses that the receiver or device used to collect the WiFi data “ may be placed in a vehicle and data may be obtained continuously or at predetermined time increments ” and that the rate of speed of the vehicle “ may be factored into the analysis . ” 21 .
Google has employed one or more of the methods disclosed in the ‘ 776 Application to collect , decode , analyze , store , and make beneficial use of wireless data ( including payload data ) it collected from plaintiffs and class members .
In reviewing the ‘ 776 Application , it does seem to potentially provide some problems for Google .
Repeatedly throughout the application there is discussion of sniffing or scanning being performed by a client device , which seems to be a part of the overall architecture involved in the invention .
The client device receives and captures frames , with an analyzer program the captured frames can be parsed , with usable data being extracted and used .
The Google patent application also talks about storing the information collected from various client devices and using information collected over a period of time collectively , perhaps with more recent information being weighted as being more relevant .
In discussing possible relevant factors in determining the reliability of the captured information the patent application explains that a relevant factor may be whether the capture comes from “ a trusted party providing the readings versus uploading them through an Open API implementation . ”
Furthermore , the Abstract of the patent explains that data is “ obtained by observation / analysis of packets transmitted or received by the access point . ”
All of this suggests that there are far more questions to be answered by Google about its technology and whether the “ it was a mistake ” explanation actually holds up under closer scrutiny .
As with any patent application or issued patent , the fact that it has been filed or even issued does not mean that it has been implemented , but it does seem on the surface as if there were some within Google contemplating how scanning and sniffing software could be used to collect data , perhaps unknown to those who were having the data intercepted .
Photo courtesy of IBRRC on Flickr
I am responsible for the Gulf of Mexico Oil Spill .
I claim responsibility for the 11 deaths , 17 injuries from the explosion , and the millions of marine and wildlife that have been killed or displaced as a result .
Yes , I am responsible for releasing an estimated 1.9 million to 16 million litres of oil into the ocean every day since April 20th .
AND SO ARE YOU …
We brought this on ourselves – me and you .
Our addiction to automobiles , cheap gas , plastic , cheap food and big houses has led to this disaster and will lead to future disasters if we do n’t change our path .
Many people are furious about the oil spill and are solely blaming British Petroleum ( BP ) for this disaster – some even calling for a boycott .
Photo by Rusty Boxcars on Flickr
But boycotting BP is not the solution – BP might not even exist after this nightmare is all over .
We North Americans always try to blame someone else for problems WE cause .
I will repeat : YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE .
I AM RESPONSIBLE .
WE ARE RESPONSIBLE .
Denying it will only lead to more disasters in the future .
Am I happy with BP ’s negligence ?
No .
But is buying gas from Exxon instead of BP going to solve this problem ?
No .
BP , Exxon and other oil companies are out there for you and me , and for everyone else who consumes oil .
In North America , we have built cities around automobiles – and hundreds of millions of automobiles require billions of gallons of oil to operate .
In fact , the number of vehicles in the United States ( ~254.4 million ) outnumbers licensed drivers .
Those oil - covered birds did n’t deserve this .
They were n’t the ones driving SUVs , living in big suburban houses , driving big motor boats , and watching air shows .
No , WE did this , and WE deserved this – they did n’t .
Frankly , I ’m sick of people complaining about how the oil spill is going to affect the economy .
The economy wo n’t matter if we do n’t change our ways .
A recent article that contains photos of the birds affected by this disaster has garnered close to 3,000 comments so far .
Most comments are sympathetic to the poor birds – a few called for a boycott on BP , and a small minority claim that “ nature will fix this ” , because “ nature made this ” .
Some of the more sympathetic comments were concerned people asking what they can do to change their life to help reduce our dependency on fossil fuels .
Well , my first suggestion is obvious to those who regularly read this website .
This brilliant United States billboard graffiti says it all :
Photo courtesy of Craig C. on Flickr
Although a bicycle is a very practical solution to our addiction to oil , it ’s not the only solution .
Here is a list of other suggestions of things we can change in our lives to reduce our dependency on oil :
Live closer to your workplace – in a smaller home if necessary
Ride your bike to your work or to the train station if you commute by train
Eat less meat , buy food made closer to your home
Ride your bike or walk to the corner store instead of driving
Consider taking vacations closer to home instead of flying long distances
If you do travel far , purchase premium offsets
Turn the heat down in the winter , and the A/C down in the summer
Trade your motor boat in for a canoe or a kayak
Trade your SUV in for a small car , metro pass , or a bike
Use reusable grocery bags instead of plastic bags
I challenge you to choose 3 items from this list that you are n’t already doing , and start now .
If every person in North America each started 3 doing things in this list , we could significantly reduce our oil consumption and start to create demand for renewable energy , bike infrastructure , public transit , high - speed electric trains , and other initiatives that will make it easier to change your lifestyle and leave our children with a better world .
We all created this problem , so let ’s all “ be the change ” .
James D. Schwartz is the editor of The Urban Country .
You can contact James at james.schwartz@theurbancountry.com .
Related Articles :
Holy smokes , two comics in two weeks !
Looks like our hero is in quite a pickle !
Enjoying Dresden Codak ?
Become a Patron Today !
Introduction
In the weeks since Naomi Wolf ’s Vagina : A New Biography was released , feminists have enjoyed a rare moment of widespread agreement :
This book , without a doubt , is awful .
In the New Statesman , Laurie Penny explained how and why “ this sort of excuse for feminism ” hurts women .
In the New York Review of Books , Zoë Heller was so scathing , a friend of ours who has n’t read the book said he thought , “ This ca n’t possibly be a fair account of Wolf ’s thesis because it would entail — among many other things — that Wolf does n’t know what the nervous system is . ”
( It was a fair account . )
Jaclyn Friedman declared in The Prospect , “ The book collapses under the weight of a breathtaking narcissism :
If it does n’t apply to Naomi , it does n’t exist . ”
And at The Nation , Katha Pollitt wondered if “ opinion - mongering , black - and - white thinking and relentless TMI are the price of remaining a world - class celebrity feminist . ”
Meanwhile , a shady cabal of feminist writers were conducting a week - long roundtable discussion of the book , occasioned by the following e-mail conversation :
Kate Harding : Hello , internet feminist friends .
Would you like to join me in a group hate - read of Naomi Wolf ’s Vagina ?
Roxane Gay : God , yes .
Michelle Dean : Let ’s all suffer together !
Jess Zimmerman : I ’m good at hating stuff .
Nicole Cliffe : In .
Who Are These People ?
Nicole Cliffe is the books editor at The Hairpin , and writes The Awl ‘s monthly Classic Trash feature .
She has a lot to say about Edith Wharton and Doctor Who .
Michelle Dean is a journalist and essayist who lives in New York and writes for a variety of publications including the New Yorker ’s Page Turner , Slate , Salon , and The Awl .
Roxane Gay ’s writing appears or is forthcoming in Best American Short Stories 2012 , Virginia Quarterly Review , The Wall Street Journal , Salon , The Rumpus , American Short Fiction , Prairie Schooner , and others . )
Kate Harding has been ranting on the internet since 2005 , most notably at now - retired blogs Broadsheet and Shapely Prose .
She recently launched a new blog , Do n’t Get Raped .
She apologizes to Nicole and Jess for cutting a vagina - TARDIS joke below .
Jess Zimmerman writes mostly about science and cute animals at Grist , and yells about feminism on Twitter .
She has written about ladybusiness and books ( and dogs ) for xoJane , and about ladybusiness and Doctor Who for ThinkProgress .
Mostly observing were Feministing Executive Editor Samhita Mukhopadhyay , Jezebel Deputy Editor Dodai Stewart , and Big Girls Do n’t Cry author Rebecca Traister , ( who flatly refused to read it from the outset ) .
Exclusively observing were Tomorrow editor and writer Ann Friedman and Amanda Hess , plus Salon ’s Irin Carmon .
The Feminist Hate - Read Book Club was going to be a lot bigger , but then nobody really wanted to read the fucking thing , basically .
Background
If you ’ve read any reviews at all , you already know that Naomi Wolf stopped having toe - curling orgasms , discovered she had an injured pelvic nerve , had surgery to fix it , and set out to tell the world about the little - known “ Brain - vagina connection . ”
You know it contains bad science ( a doctor friend tells Naomi he has an unproven hunch that sexual assault survivors have more balance problems than other women , and she turns around and offers his anecdata as Serious Scientific Support for her thesis ) ; downright anti-scientific bullshit ( she speaks highly of a “ tantric sex master ” who offers “ yoni massage ” to traumatized clients ) ; and a vagina - themed dinner party ( where pasta was referred to as “ cuntini ” ) that so offended Wolf ’s delicate yoni , it would n’t let her write for six months .
You should also read at least Pollitt ’s first paragraph , which covers Wolf ’s public transformation from author of The Beauty Myth to the kind of person who A ) has visions of herself as “ a teenage boy who saw Jesus , ” and B ) has repeatedly used her status as an internationally known feminist and self - styled rape expert to cast doubt on the Swedish women who ’ve accused Julian Assange of sexual assault .
Among other things .
Oh , and here ’s a fact - check on the science .
The Part Where We Make Vagina Jokes
Zimmerman :
There should be a prize for the person who can work the most puns into her review .
Do n’t muff this opportunity , you eager beavers !
Cliffe : Oooh , I ’m going all Shakespearean and seeding it with references to “ country manners . ”
Dean :
But if we put too many vagina - insulting puns in , we may find that we cunt write anymore .
Harding : Look , I ’m not going to pussyfoot around the subject or clam up just because of this theory — obviously full of gaping holes — that invoking its name might snatch my ability to write .
Come , now .
Zimmerman : Gee , spot the crotchety one !
Dean : Y’all , this is getting heated .
Here , have a biscuit .
Anyway
Gay :
The folds of Naomi Wolf ’s Vagina are very slick , which is to say the book was waiting at my apartment when I got home from work .
The most important question , really , is , what is our girl Naomi smoking and why wo n’t she share ?
I mean !
Harding :
And how long has she been smoking it ?
Did she dive off the rails at some point when I was n’t looking , or was she always this bad ?
I ’m 37 now , and I was 16 when The Beauty Myth came out .
Shameful confession : Despite being a body image activist , I never read the whole thing .
( I did read Promiscuities and Misconceptions at the time they came out , and liked both . )
If I went back and read those old books , would they hold up , or would I cringe as hard as I do at my own high school journals ?
Traister : I am of the school that believes she was only ever really a feminist thinker by chance and accident , in that her narcissism intersected with feminism for The Beauty Myth ( and MAYBE Promiscuities ) but that essentially her thinking and writing has mostly been downright anti-feminist ( insofar as it ’s only self - interested and exhibits no regard for other women and their issues , priorities , or perspectives ) .
Harding : I do recall being amazed and a little furious at the way she talked about pregnancy making her no longer hot in Misconceptions .
“ I was suddenly both fat and obviously another man ’s property , so no one hit on me anymore .
IT WAS HORRIBLE .
This is the unspoken feminist issue of our time ! ” ( I paraphrase . )
I was like , “ Did n’t you write The Beauty Myth ?
And was n’t that about … really not this ? ”
Gay :
She ’s really one of those magical thinking writers who wants you to forget her previous body of work with each new book .
Fascinating .
Cliffe : I re-read The Beauty Myth recently , and it ’s still okay , although dated , and then I re-read Steinem ’s Outrageous Acts and Everyday Rebellions , and it ’s just as great as ever .
She came to talk at my college reunion , and instead of being “ hey , ladies , look how much better things are now ! ” she was this hardcore “ your feminism must be intersectional and we need to talk about poverty and debt relief in the developing world ” force , and totally bitched everyone out .
It was great .
Dean : Gloria Steinem came to my law firm and she hugged me and compared me to Portia .
Naomi
Wolf came to my law firm and began reciting 9/11 conspiracy theory .
First Impressions
Gay : I love what they did with the back cover , vaguely alluding to Wolf ’s “ work ” because they could n’t get great review clips for this book .
Adorable !
The most bizarre thing is how Wolf reduces female sexuality to the vagina .
It ’s so ….
like , I do n’t know , but Freud would approve .
Dean : Nah , Freud eventually abandoned the seduction thesis and as such ended up disconnecting from the body , no ?
Is n’t that what In the Freud Archives is all about ?
Gay : I do n’t know .
I ’m not well read on Freud .
It just sounded fancy .
Dean : I am not either , just on JANET GODDAMN MALCOLM .
Zimmerman :
Gay : Fannie Flagg was all about the vagina goddessness well before Wolf came to it .
Dean : I was thinking the book sounds like Naomi Wolf ’s version of the Matrix , where the Matrix plugs into our pelvic nerve .
Yeah ?
All Right , Let ’s Read the Damned Thing
Zimmerman : I ’ve been mostly avoiding reviews , so I did n’t fully realize that Wolf does n’t just reduce female sexuality to the vagina — she reduces the entire female experience to the vagina .
To be a fully - realized woman in any area of your life , you need world - changing orgasms provided by attentive men who lick your ass while you eat chocolate , or whatever ( I have n’t gotten to the specifics of the “ Goddess Array ” yet ) .
All of which is presented with a heavy salting of “ I know it ’s not PC to say women only reach their full potential when they ’re getting really good orgasms from solicitous men , but I am a TRUTH - TELLER and this is SCIENCE . ”
Which works a lot better when you do n’t ignore major scientific facts such as everything we know about the brain .
Gay :
We also need to talk about the overwhelmingly heterosexual stance she takes , practically erasing queer women .
It ’s really quite something .
Zimmerman : Right , vaginas are only properly activated by penises , by means of some kind of cervical toggle switch .
Dean : I think that all of this is a function of the essential narcissism of work like this .
I want to be hard on Wolf and will be hard on Wolf , but the truth is , the way she universalizes and politicizes her personal experience here as that of “ women ” is of a piece with the rise of a lot of personal essaying on sexuality among young hetero white women I see right now , and it would be unfortunate to me to critique her for this without mentioning she ’s hardly outside the mainstream in doing so .
Zimmerman :
It makes me embarrassed on Wolf ’s behalf .
If it were n’t legitimized by being 300 pages with endnotes and published by HarperCollins , a lot of Vagina would basically read like stoned dorm - room revelations .
“ Dude , my vagina is huge . ”
Gay : I agree with Michelle about this trend of young , straight white women essaying on sexuality as one or more of the following : self - expression , fast attention , “ internet fame , ” etc . and it often seems like these young women think this is the only way to move through the world as a writer .
In Vagina , Wolf takes this to the extreme .
She also makes it seem like if you ’re not having vaginal orgasms that open up your world , thinking , soul , pores , and whatnot , you ’re doing it wrong .
It ’s really disconcerting .
Harding : Roxane , you were saying on Twitter that this book is actually not just ridiculous and snarkworthy , but dangerous ?
Gay : I do think this book is shamefully irresponsible .
Once I calm down from saying , “ What the fucking fuck in all fuckity is this bullshit , ” I will have deeper thoughts .
Harding :
What keeps striking me is that Wolf seems not to have read any new feminist thinkers since herself .
It ’s like her big revelation is , “ Second - wave feminism did n’t get everything right ! ” — and she has no idea that she is the last putative feminist intellectual on earth to discover this .
( “ If you liked this , you ’ll love Wolf ’s next book : WHITE FEMINISTS ARE PRETTY RACIST SOMETIMES . ” )
For instance , page 100 : “ So is all rape about sexual aggression or male neurosis ?
Or can the sustained cultural presence of rape also or even instead , at times , be about reprogramming women … to be less brave , less secure , less robust in other ways , and to go through the rest of their lives , potentially with a less stable sense of self ? ”
What I omitted there was the phrase “ at a core physical level . ”
Because if you remove her bizarre vagina über alles theory , the rest of it demands no response more elaborate or eloquent than “ Doy . ” ( Well , and “ No ” to the first question . )
I mean , she actually writes , regarding rape as a tool of warfare , “ There was nothing about the rapes , with these injuries , that seemed sexual to me … ”
Wait , you mean rape might not be all about sex ?
Go on !
( Of course , she also admits she ’s “ basing part of [ her ] argument ” on William James ’s The Varieties of Religious Experience , from 1902 .
So maybe I should just be happy she ’s not using pre-suffrage literature to build her feminist straw womyn . )
Zimmerman :
That ’s for sure one of the dorm room moments — “ oh my god , you guys , what if rape is NOT JUST ABOUT SEX ? ”
Well hallelujah , Naomi , you have just solved the problem all feminists struggle with until they ’re about 22 and read some books .
And where this gets dangerous , instead of just gross , is when Wolf looks at the psychological damage from rape , and speculates that it ’s worse than the psychological damage from any other injury because of some magical property of the vagina , the key to a woman ’s soul .
But I ’d hazard that it ’s worse because it is psychologically damaging to be treated as though you are nothing but a vagina .
Ahem .
Harding : I also ca n’t get over the way she spews woo and science ( however dubious ) in the same breath , over and over , assigning equal credibility to OB / GYNS , neurologists , “ energy healers , ” and Tantric sex masters .
Actual quote : “ The female sexual organ … is being proved by new science to be far more complex and far more magical than the utilitarian thrusting totted up by Masters and Johnson can account for … ”
PROVED BY SCIENCE TO BE MAGICAL .
That is basically the deranged thesis of this whole book , right there .
Dean : I had to stop reading here :
Apparently the only way to retrieve one ’s rape from one ’s vagina is to hire a strange man to massage it and refer to it as a yoni .
Hmm , all these years of rape counseling and psychological research , wasted , because we wo n’t succumb to the charms of the nicest former investment banker in the world .
Gay :
That ’s actually where I stopped too .
“ Rape stays in the vagina , ” is so… infuriating .
I threw the book and stared at it angrily for quite .
some . time .
I do not understand how a book like this is allowed to be published .
The broad , dismissive statements she makes about rape victims are so offensive .
The section on the women of Sierra Leone is patronizing in that way certain white women love to patronize as if by simply conjuring the African continent , they are demonstrating their global awareness .
She also seems to project a great deal .
When she ’s talking about the women in Sierra Leone , she makes a lot of assumptions , based on the narrowness of her mind , about the look in their eyes , their general outlook , and the motivations of their rapists .
I cannot pretend to understand what goes through the mind of men who use rape as a weapon of war but she wants to turn their motivations into some mystical bullshit because for her , women ’s lives are centered around their vagina .
She ’s no better than… a misogynist !
I simply cannot understand how this book exists .
Zimmerman :
Oh man , combining this fucking chapter with Wolf ’s comments about Assange just gave me a really skin- crawly image of a Naomi Wolf - led Rape Legitimacy Panel , which would evaluate your rape claims based on eye light , soullessness , ability to stay standing when pushed , and generally whether you still have some rape stuck in your vagina or not .
Harding : I was also just getting to that point of wondering how a book like this makes it all the way through the publishing process .
I ’m having way less fun laughing at it than I thought I would , because it ’s so fucking shameful .
The line about sexual assault survivors in Sierra Leone having “ soulless ” eyes stopped me cold .
That is just not something a white American ever needs to say about African people , even if it ’s only to illustrate that their vaginas are broken .
By systematic rapes .
Also , her whole theory of the real tragedy of rape being a traumatized vagina suggests that rape victims who do n’t have vaginas should be A - OK … ?
Gay :
And she suggests that once a woman has been raped , she is essentially mentally damaged .
I will not deny that rape has very lasting effects for many women but it ’s like she wants to think of women who have been raped strictly as victims .
She gives the impression that women ( and men ) who are raped cannot transcend their victimhood and this is something both feminism and the mental health industry have worked against for like the past thirty years .
Harding : YES .
This is the yoni massage guy , btw .
By whom I am so utterly disgusted , I am shaking right now .
I mean , the thought of telling rape survivors they should pay a shady - as - fuck professional fingerer to cure their broken vaginas is bad enough , but here he is describing a typical “ healing ” session :
Once they feel safe enough to move from “ freeze ” to “ fight or flight , ” they are likely to be moving also from numbness to pain or masking orgasms , absolute rage — they may start yelling at that point , or revisit the trauma , but this time with a different outcome .
They might shout , this time , “ Get your fucking hands off me ! ” Memories may surface .
They move into “ flight ” : sometimes the legs will involuntarily start kicking .
Sometimes the legs will involuntarily start kicking .
But wait !
“ Eventually intimacy does n’t retraumatize them . ”
OH , GOOD .
( Update : And as Katha Pollitt points out in The Nation , “ It is unclear what separates Lousada from the Victorian doctors Wolf disapproves of , who genitally massaged their frustrated women patients to orgasm . ” )
Gay : I will tell you this .
I think this yoni massage is total bullshit .
He is a male escort and there ’s no shame in that but trying to dress that in new age healing is absurd .
I also know that if I had to choose between some creepy ass vaginal massage as a means of healing from trauma given by this guy with a 1986 haircut and , say , death , well , I have lived a good life .
Dean : I just showed his picture to Maura Johnston and she started to sing “ Kiss from a Rose , ” FYI .
#icant
Harding : Also : HE SAW THE VIRGIN MARY IN A CROTCH . ( p. 123 )
Dean :
About publishing , I think perhaps people have too exalted a view of the mainstream publishing process .
The risk , contractually and industry - culture - wise , is on the writer as far as accuracy and thoroughness of the information goes .
Editors give writers fairly healthy leeway from what little I know ; it ’s not like they read the studies themselves , or even really test the arguments against logic in most places .
It obviously depends on the editor and the type of book .
But one assumes everyone knows what they are getting with Wolf at this point , and sort of leave her to her own devices .
Cliffe : Having returned from my plunge into the book , and in firm agreement with the political objections and criticisms above , I would like to add that the vagina is completely unimportant as A Concept , which , oddly enough , I had not internalized until I read an entire book about it .
Two , if you count The Vagina Monologues , which I did not particularly enjoy , but could appreciate as a series of personal narratives , you can have a compelling personal narrative about your vagina .
You can have a compelling personal narrative about having been born a woman without a vagina .
I fully support the rights of women who were born without vaginas to decide that it is fundamentally important to their well - being to acquire one surgically .
I am not an evo-psych person , not even a little bit , but I AM an atheist who is reasonably relaxed about The Void We Stare Across ( zerooooo pun intended ) , and as a result , this book just made me want to grab her and say : it is a fucking gap in your body which evolved to vent menstrual fluid and infants and to give you enough physical pleasure so you might get conned into the latter .
I ’m not a vagina / brain scientist ( and this article suggests Wolf is not either ) but it is not A Concept , it ’s more like your armpit than it is like your soul , and I think if one MUST write a cultural history of a body part ( I await the Sack Chronicles with bated breath ) , it does not follow that you need to say , unblinkingly , a series of made - up things and wave your hands and say GOSH SO MANY DIFFERENT THINGS TO DIFFERENT PEOPLE !
IS IT A POMEGRANATE OF DELIGHT OR A CAVE OF DESPAIR ?
So much woo .
Dean : I just want to note I ’m having trouble getting through this , post the Terrible Rape Chapter .
An editor should have stepped in and made this later stuff more narratively - driven .
I wonder if some of these chapters are n’t chapters of her D. Phil thesis or something .
They ’re written in another voice altogether .
Harding : Oh , I ’d bet money that ’s exactly what the endless Victorian lit part is .
In other news , Sady Doyle reviewed it for In These Times , and her angle ( besides “ Boooorrrrring ” ) is that we ’re all freaking out too much and trying to kick Wolf out of feminism because 1 ) Assange and 2 ) Impossible standards for feminist perfection .
Or something .
I ’m sympathetic to the basic argument — I do n’t think one book should necessarily undo a history of good books , and we do n’t want to be chucking people out of feminism willy - nilly — but I really think she picked the wrong peg for it .
First , as far as I can gather from my own reading and your comments ,
Wolf really only has one good book and a bunch of pretty crappy ones .
Second :
There is some fucked - up , retrograde , anti-woman , unscientific shit in here , and as with Sarah Palin , when you promote fucked - up , retrograde , anti-woman , unscientific shit , you actually do lose the right to call yourself a feminist , on grounds of “ words mean things . ”
Gay : I must say my response to this book has nothing to do with Assange ( which I ’m a little embarrassed to admit I did n’t know about until recently ) .
As for impossible standards , if a desire for coherence , ethical discussions of rape , non-essentialist discussions about women that do n’t reduce them to a body part , and cultural histories that sidestep flagrant narcissism are impossible standards for perfection , I am absolutely fine with that .
The critical response to Vagina has interested me a great deal .
If you have n’t read the book , the criticism and the glee with which it has been offered seems a bit like a pile on .
Then you read the book .
Cliffe : I paid more attention to the Assange - based character played by Ryan Phillippe in the last season of Damages , but that ’s probably because I now select news stories based on what my yoni wants .
Harding :
Do I have to be the one who speculates that perhaps Naomi Wolf ’s yoni wants Julian Assange ?
Zimmerman :
We should probably all be wearing these while we read .
Stewart , suddenly moved to speak : omfg
Harding : I was born via c-section .
Where ’s THAT t- shirt ?
Stewart :
Hole in the market , heh .
Cliffe : I had a natural birth , which is 90 % for suckers , 10 % great ( of which , 8 % is bragging rights and 2 % is effective pushing and rapid recovery for some people , not others ) , and I ’m hearing a lot of echoes with the ridiculous nonsense about the wisdom of the female body that you have to put up with during pregnancy , birth , and breastfeeding .
Zimmerman :
The incredibly boring / facile “ My Summer Reading , by Naomi , Age 15 ” section totally lulled me into letting my guard down , but I should have known it was going to get bad again because I had n’t yet gotten to the famed “ cuntini ” scene .
As it turned out , that part was way less ridiculous and more offensive than I ’d been prepared for .
I mean , do n’t get me wrong , it was ridiculous !
Obviously !
But it ’s one thing to complain about someone giving you a nice meal that you interpret as being improperly laden with metaphor , and it ’s another thing to follow that up by saying “ I felt … that I had been punished for ‘ going somewhere ’ that women are not supposed to go ” and then DESCRIBING FEMALE PROTESTORS DURING THE ARAB SPRING GETTING FORCED VAGINAL EXAMS FROM THE ARMY .
WHAT THE FUCK .
WHAT THE FUCK .
“ I was being punished for speaking up , and while we ’re on the subject , here are some other women who had a similar experience !
Truly do I understand their pain at being sexually assaulted by the military , for I was once served fish shortly after someone called pasta an off - color name . ”
Traister : I am not sure I ’ve ever felt more affirmed in a decision NOT to read something than I do right now .
Conclusion
Harding : OK , so , final thoughts .
Did you make it to the end of the book , or give up ?
If you made it , is there anything really important that we ’ve missed ?
Zimmerman :
Well , we have n’t yet gotten to the specifics of the Goddess Array !
Thoughts :
– It is in a crazy order !
“ Do n’t Be Scary ” comes AFTER “ Find Her ‘ Sacred Spot , ’ Then Hang Out There Far Longer Than You Think Reasonable . ”
NO .
Do n’t be scary FIRST .
– Apparently I am supposed to get a “ vaginal thump ” when my husband does things like buy cat food or talk to my grandma .
Basically , this book makes me feel like I might be asexual .
– There is a subsection in the Goddess Array chapter labeled “ Do Whatever She Likes To Her Nipples . ”
That seems like it ’s on the right track !
Inexplicably , though , the other sections are not titled things like “ Talk To Her However She Likes ” and “ Do Activities You Enjoy Together . ”
– The secret life of the male armpit .
THE SECRET LIFE OF THE MALE ARMPIT .
Honestly , what the hell is this book .
It ’s like a Tantric yoga pamphlet fucked a seminar paper which fucked a self - help book which fucked an MRA forum , and then they all had a joyous vaginal birth .
Stewart :
clitoronomy is beautiful !!
am reading “ VAGINA ” by @naomirwolf if you have n’t read it yet , read it , then send it to all the men you know !
— Courtney Love Cobain ( @Courtney ) September 16 , 2012
its all about neurology in pelvic nerves and its important to know that every woman has different clitoral [ email protected ] naomirwolf I love it !
— Courtney Love Cobain ( @Courtney ) September 16 , 2012
its very tantric , very scientific , NOT some scree by a crazed feminist its just shit any sexual man should know .
Perfect stocking stuffer !
— Courtney Love Cobain ( @Courtney ) September 16 , 2012
Zimmerman :
Hey , at least now they ’ll have some blurbs for the paperback edition that are actually about this book .
“ Naomi Wolf ’s Vagina is a perfect stocking stuffer . ” — Courtney Love
Dean : I ’ve been thinking about Sady ’s piece and here is where I am with her : I think the New Agey - ness of this all is so easily mocked , but though I made those jokes too I ’d actually be fine with a book that took these tropes seriously and discussed them seriously .
I ’m not an atheist , like Nicole , but even if I was , I think I would feel this way .
I ’m interested in the way people find meaning in their lives , and if there are women out there who really think their yoni ( or whatever ) is it , fine .
I ’m listening .
I can be open - minded about that .
And I think it would be wrong — and dare I say “ anti- feminist , ” though more on that in a minute — for me to just mock it emptily .
That said , this is not a book that takes this stuff seriously either .
It is lightly researched not just scientifically , but also where the religious / meaning aspect is concerned .
It does n’t move out of the realm of very bare self - help .
It does n’t feel particularly raw or honest , either .
The tone is weirdly arm ’s length even in the sections where she talks about her own orgasms , which seem more like abstractions , in the text , than things that actually happened to her .
The more I think about it , her ability to easily place her orgasms in a descriptive category is a bit … bizarre to begin with , but it ’s the maneuver on which the whole book is founded .
It ’s the terrible lightness of this book , in the end , that makes it so … bad , to me .
And , though I guess I use the term loosely here , “ anti-feminist . ”
I used to be rather programmatic about feminism , used to think it ought to contain certain base prescriptive rules .
But what I found most frustrating on the level of lady - politics was that such a badly - edited , poorly - written , and indifferently - researched book was being wielded as a consumer tool to sell “ feminism ” as the “ Naomi Wolf ” brand .
Katha Pollitt had that line in her piece about this being the cost of a “ celebrity feminist ” being a lot of TMI , but I would add “ TME ” — too much ego .
Increasingly , I do n’t write explicitly as a “ feminist ” anymore , and that ’s largely because it feels like it would be aligning myself with this kind of cynical claptrap .
Gay : I went into this book with a fairly open mind ( really ) .
I ’ve only read The Beauty Myth so I still had a bit of goodness in my heart as I considered Naomi Wolf ’s Vagina .
I do n’t mind that she has an alternative , vaginally - based spirituality or that she has vaginal orgasms that open up her creativity and generosity of spirit .
As I read Vagina , I went from bemusement to irritation to anger .
One of the biggest problems feminism faces is how all too often , the movement ’s mission is defined by the public feminists with the loudest voices and furthest reach .
The way feminism will be mischaracterized by the content of this book concerns me a great deal .
Vagina is part memoir , part literature review , part inflammatory nonsense , part spiritual treatise instead of a biography or cultural history .
I love cultural histories about niche topics .
One of my favorite books remains Taking the Waters by Alev Lyle Croutier , about the history of bathing .
I ’ve read books about salt and dinner and breasts .
I ’m down with the genre .
There is very little resemblance to a cultural history in Vagina .
One of the biggest weaknesses in the book is the sheer scope of the solipsism .
Most of Wolf ’s observations are dictated solely by her personal experiences and the kinds of orgasms she prefers .
She makes loose associations with questionable science as if this might endow her with some kind of authority when it does n’t actually work like that .
The thing about the vagina , at least in my experience , is that no two are alike .
As such , writing a cultural history of the vagina is quite a daunting task .
The female body is as complex as it is simple .
I am fairly certain my vagina does n’t do a fraction of the things Wolf ’s is capable of , and I ’m fine with that but I do think it shows how the subjectivity of desire and pleasure mean that it is inadvisable to make blanket , overly generalized statements about the vagina .
I remain deeply skeptical about the vagina - brain connection .
The thinking behind the vaginal pulse throbbing when men are considerate is the same kind of thinking that leads to 0 % fat yogurt and women dancing in commercials about cleaning products and this pervasive cultural notion that when a man watches his own child , he is babysitting while when a woman watches her child , she is parenting .
On page 275 , Wolf offers some examples of when women felt this magical vaginal pulse which included a father teaching his son to ride a bike , a husband giving up his pillow while camping , a phone call to a grandmother , and driving well on a rainy road .
Apparently basic human decency will get a woman revved right up .
It is also troubling that so much of womanhood is reduced to the vagina and it ’s intersection with virile men .
One of the many things feminism tries to work against is the objectification of the female body but that ’s just what Wolf does for more than three hundred pages .
I cannot pretend to understand the vagaries of publishing but it says something that a book like this , one that is so essentialist and dismissive of too many women ’s experiences , was published .
And then there ’s Chapter 6 .
I admittedly have a bit of a blind spot in this regard but Wolf ’s biggest problem throughout Vagina , and particularly in Chapter 6 , is that she was not careful .
A couple years ago I wrote this essay called “ The Careless Language of Sexual Violence ” and it was an initial attempt to think through how we write about sexual violence both in fiction and nonfiction .
How do we write about sexual violence without exploiting the experiences of people who have been violated in this way ?
The questions are still on my mind , but I keep coming back to the idea that we need to take care in the words we use and the why of the words we use .
I was struck , throughout Chapter 6 , and at other points in the book , with the utter lack of care
Wolf used in writing about women , bodies , and sexual violence .
Her approach was very much a surface approach , a very dated approach , and one that made some really sweeping assumptions about victims of sexual violence .
I do n’t think that kid gloves need to be worn but I do think serious consideration and smart language needs to be used .
I do think there is an ethic that must be followed when framing the experiences of victims of sexual violence in ways that are meant to support a broader argument .
At this point , people are spending more time talking about the critical reaction to the book than the book itself and that says something rather disheartening about Vagina .
I really wanted to have a lively discussion about Vagina .
I hoped we could find some merit in the book even as we giggled and made some clever vaginal jokes .
Instead , I found the book not only careless but infuriating and irresponsible and at times , just fucking silly .
This is a cynical , cynical book and feminism and the vagina both deserve a better figurehead .
Zimmerman : Obviously this is all amazing , but because I ca n’t shut up about this book ( seriously , ranting about Vagina has become my new party trick ) , I wanted to respond to one small part : Personally , I ’m not in the least bit skeptical about the brain - vagina connection — of course your brain is connected to your vagina !
It ’s just that it is also connected to every other part of your body .
The only thing that makes the brain - vagina connection more special is that Naomi Wolf has decided that it ’s more special .
I ’m anti-woo and would never deliberately read a book about spiritual vaginas and whatnot , but I would n’t really have a problem with such a book existing .
But that ’s not the book
Wolf thinks she ’s writing — she believes , or wants us to believe , that she ’s writing a knock - down scientific argument backed up by firm evidence .
And yet what she presents is isolated facts that she ’s layered with her own a priori interpretation , then labeled as “ data . ”
It ’s like chipping some rocks off the coastline , setting them adrift in the ocean , stapling together some kind of ramshackle network of scaffolding between them , and saying you live in America .
And furthermore that you want Congressional representation .
Cliffe : Exactly , exactly !
It ’s woo disguised as neuroscience , and it ’s chock - full of pointless biological determinism , and it is frivolous on the topic of sexual violence .
I would n’t buy a woo book about the vagina , but I also would feel zero need to criticize it in a public forum , or even to give it more than a second glance on my way to the cash register at Barnes & Noble .
Harding : Nothing to add .
Thank you so much , everyone !
You guys are tits .
Image via base2wave / Flickr
PR
「自分を変えられるのは自分しかいない」。2006年9月5日，ソフトウエア開発プロセスの一つ，eXtreme
Programming （XP）を提唱しているKent Beck氏を囲んで記者懇談会が開催された。自分が変われば，必ずまわりは変わる。そんな信念が感じられた懇談会だった。
Beck氏の著書であ る 「 XPエクストリーム・プログラミング入門 第 2 版 」 は「 XP is about social change .
」という文章で始まっている。日本語版では「XPとは社会改革のことである」と訳されているが，ソーシャルのニュアンスが少し違うという意見もある。そこでまず「XPでいうソーシャルとはどういう意味か」と質問した。
Beck氏はソーシャルの例として「 14歳になる私の娘は，ある友人と1時間くらい話をし，別の友人と同じ話をまた1時間くらいする。彼女はソーシャルな子供だ」と語った。つまり「社交的」
「コミュニケーションの能力がある」といったニュアンスである。
一方，プログラマは，人よりコンピュータと付き合う時間の方が長く，一般にはあまり“ ソーシャル” ではない。Beck氏も以前は 「 自分がパーフェクトなプログラマであれば，プロジェクトは問題なくうまくいく」と考えていたという。「こういうことを言ったほうがいいとか，こんなことを言ったらおもしろいといったことを考えたことはなかった」（同氏）。ところが，15年ほど前に「プログラミングだけでなく，まわりを取り巻く様々な要素に着目することで，プログラミング自体が大きく変わる」ということに気付いたという。コンピュータのテクニックだけでなく，コミュニケーションのスキルを身に付ける必要性を感じたのだ。つまり「social change」である。
例えば，コミュニケーションには，言葉以外にも，アイコンタクト，言葉のトーン，言葉の選択，ボディランゲージ，といった様々な要素があるという。ただ「誰でも変化には抵抗感がある」（Beck氏）。自身も，コミュニケーションの能力を身に付けようと努力するなかで，納得できないやり方がいろいろあったという。同氏は「娘は自然にソーシャルな能力を身に付けた。これに対し，私は違ったやり方，経験のないやり方をしなければならず困難もあった」と振り返る。それでも「特性，適性度にかかわらず，学ぶことはできる」と強調する。
「 XPを広めるにはどうしていけばいいか」という質問に対しては，Beck氏は「まずは努力して自分を変える」ことだと答えた。「自分が変わることによって，立ち居振る舞いや行動がどう変わったかを人に見せる。その変化がどれだけプラスの方向に働いているかを証明する。自分がよい方向に変われば，対人関係もよくなる。そこから信頼が生まれる。そこまでいけば，まわりは『自分も変わってみようか』と思う」（同氏）。「相手を説得しよう，相手が言うことを覆して自分が言うことを納得させよう」という態度では決して伝わらないのである。「まわりの人間のどこが悪い，ここが悪いという点に注目するのではなく，ポジティブな方向性でよりよくものごとを変えていく」という心構えが必要だという。
Beck氏は，アーキテクト，プログラマ，テスターといった古典的な役割分担の弊害にも触れた。「分業体制では，責任を分けることで，その部分しか責任を負わないことになってしまう」というのだ。ただ「5年前，10年前にはプログラマはテストを書いていなかった。ところが，今は書いている。役割分担に対する見直しが起こっている」（同氏）。
重要なの は 「
すべての人々が責任を持って開発に携わる」ことである。Beck氏は，それを示す一つの逸話を紹介した。1960年代のNASAの掃除担当者にある人が「あなたの仕事は何ですか」とインタビューしたところ，その人は「私の仕事は人類を月に送ることだ」と答えたという。同氏は「トイレを掃除しています，コードを書いています，テストを書いています，ということではなく，最終的なゴールを全員が共有する」ことが大切だと語った。
