The country 's first fatal case of swine flu in a cat occurred in Oregon this month .
On Nov. 4 , a 10 - year - old male cat was brought to the Animal Clinic in Lebanon with rapid , shallow breathing .
The cat 's temperature was 101.7 degrees , but it was not coughing or sneezing .
X - ray results were consistent with pneumonia .
The next day , the cat 's symptoms got worse .
It died on Nov. 7 , the Oregon Veterinary Medical Association announced today .
The Oregon State University Veterinary Diagnostic Laboratory found that the cat carried the H1N1 virus .
While this is the third confirmed case of a cat with H1N1 , it is the first feline fatality nationwide .
The other two cats with swine flu -- one in Iowa , one in Utah -- recovered .
Three other cats in the Oregon household also became ill , sneezing and coughing .
Swab samples were collected , but none of the other cats was found to be infected with H1N1 .
It is safe to assume that the cat that died caught the virus from human family members .
If you or other members of your household are ill with influenza - like symptoms , wash your hands , use alcohol - based hand cleaners , cover your mouth and nose with a tissue when you sneeze , and avoid touching your cat 's eyes , nose and mouth while sick .
It may be possible for cats to transmit this virus to humans , said Oregon State Public Health Veterinarian Emilio DeBess .
Coughing and sneezing can spread the virus , which can remain infectious for about a week outside the body .
Although the outcome of this case is tragic , cat owners should n't panic .
The number of confirmed cases of H1N1 infection in cats is very small compared with the total cat population .
But if someone in your household has been diagnosed with H1N1 , and your cat shows symptoms such as sneezing , wheezing or coughing , take it to a vet .
-- Jacques Von Lunen , special to The Oregonian
Plastinated : Samba the elephant is the latest to receive the ' Dr Death ' von Hagens treatment
Germany ’s ' Dr Death ' Gunter von Hagens has plastinated a pachyderm for a Jumbo - sized exhibition .
The corpse collector , who preserves bodies for eternity with a special gel to display around the world , turned his unique talents to Samba the elephant .
She passed away last year at the age of 41 in Neukirchen Zoo in Germany .
Jumbo- sized : Dr Gunther von Hagens poses with his biggest ever plastinated corpse - a 13ft tall elephant named Samba
Donated to von Hagens ' Plastination Institute for preservation , she is by far the biggest challenge to his team so far .
Nearly 13ft tall and weighting 3.2 tons , Samba took 65,000 hours to be turned into the latest star attraction of his circus of the doomed .
' Thirty five people were involved in her preparation and she will be coming back to Germany on display next year , ' said von Hagens , who has been criticised by church leaders for his grisly exhibitions which they say defile the dignity of the dead .
In the past he has displayed dead people engaged in sex acts and even a pregnant mother with her unborn baby still in her womb .
Horror zoo :
Dr von Hagens has plastinated other animals , including this , entitled ' The Rearing Horse with Rider ' , which was displayed in Singapore last month
Controversial : Critics say Dr von Hagens ' sculptures defile the dignity of the dead , but there is a waiting list of people wanted to be plastinated after their deaths
In his homeland he is something of a folk hero , however , and has a waiting list of people hoping to be plastinated after they pass away .
Samba 's first stop when she returns to Germany will be at the zoo where she died of a heart attack .
Dr von Hagens invented the plastination technique in the late 1970s and first presented his grisly show in Tokyo in 1995 .
He has since exhibited in North America , Europe and Asia .
The anatomist has courted controversy throughout his career and sparked an outcry when he performed an autopsy in front of a paying audience in London in 2002 .
Billed as Britain ’s first public dissection of a human body for 170 years , the event saw Dr von Hagens reduce the body of a 72 - year - old German man to a heap of organs and a pile of deflated skin .
The British Medical Association ’s Head of Ethics denounced the stunt as ‘ degrading and disrespectful . ’
Newspapers have spent the past decade whining over Craigslist pulling the classifieds rug out from under their industry 's once - Prada–clad feet .
But after law enforcement recently pressured Craigslist to be more vigilant in keeping prostitutes from advertising on the site , CEO Jim Buckmaster turned the tables :
He began accusing alt - weekly newspapers of unfairly benefiting from Craiglist 's misfortunes .
Buckmaster 's crusade hit home when SF Weekly followed up on a tip from a reader who claimed that Craigslist 's Therapeutic Services category had been suddenly overrun by hooker ads after the site nixed its Erotic Services category .
Buckmaster responded to SF Weekly 's preliminary inquiries into the matter with a resounding WTF ?
After claiming that the number of suspicious massage and spa ads in the Therapeutic Services category had actually decreased in recent weeks , he launched into what has become his trademark diatribe : " You 're missing the real story here , which is that persons looking to post ads that do not meet craigslist 's stringent standards have been driven to other services entirely , " he wrote in an e-mail .
" Are you aware that the volume of ads in the SF Weekly 's ' adult entertainment ' classifieds section is up more than 400 % in the 4 weeks since craigslist closed its ' erotic services ' section ? "
No , Mr. Buckmaster , SF Weekly 's reporters were not aware .
Probably because SF
Weekly 's reporters do n't have a clue what goes on in the ad department — we know only that they get paid more than we do .
But since you brought it up , Backpage.com , an online classifieds site owned by SF Weekly 's parent company , has indeed seen a spike in traffic since Craigslist cut its Erotic Services section .
The volume of adult ads in the physical paper ( for the few who have n't noticed ) has n't changed much , our sales reps say .
( However , Washington City Paper , an alt - weekly in the nation 's capital , reports a 38 percent increase in adult ads over the same time last year .
Woo hoo ! )
As much as we like to gloat , we 'll concede Buckmaster has a point : Maybe Craigslist was unfairly targeted over sites like Backpage.com because of its limelight status after the Craigslist Killer .
And maybe weeklies and Craigslist should find a way to peacefully coexist , because we all want the same thing : a free society where horny but harmless johns can pay for blow jobs from our advertisers .
Tuesday , 17 November , 2009 - 07:54
Fluoridation causes more premature births , one of the top causes of infant death in the USA .
It poses the greatest risk to poor non-white mothers and babies .
This is the finding State University of New York researchers from data spanning 1993 to 2002 .
Research in Chile in the 1970s also showed fluoridation caused an increase in infant death rates .
Chile stopped fluoridation as a result .
A baby born at least 3 weeks early is classified as premature - accounting for about 12 percent of US births .
To ensure fluoridation was the culprit , and not some other factor , the researchers recorded fluoridation residence status ( under or over 1 ppm ) and adjusted for age , race / ethnicity , neighborhood poverty level , hypertension and diabetes .
The data came from the NY Statewide Planning and Research Cooperative System , which collects comprehensive information on patient characteristics and treatment history .
The research was conducted within the university 's Department of Epidemiology and Biostatistics , School of Public Health .
" For the Ministry of Health to continue promoting fluoridation when there is this kind of evidence that it is real health risk is inexcusable " says Mark Atkin , Fluoride Action Network ( NZ ) 's co-representative on the Fluoridation - free NZ Coalition , adding " Only a few months ago we had further confirmation that fluoridation increases teenage male bone cancer rates .
As has been said before , those who continue to promote fluoridation do so at the risk of future legal action against them . "
As many as three quarters of all black men in Britain aged 18 - 35 have had their genetic information placed on the country 's massive DNA database , a group charged with reviewing officials ' use of genetic technology said Tuesday .
The Human Genetics Commission _ an independent government advisory board made up of scientists , lawyers and other experts _ said young black males were " very highly over - represented " on the DNA register and could be unfairly stigmatized by being placed on the database in such large numbers .
" My breath was slightly taken away by that figure , " commission chairman Jonathan Montgomery said in a telephone interview .
" We know young black men are much more likely to be arrested than others , and putting them on the DNA database magnifies the impact , " he said .
" If the arrest pattern is discriminatory , this makes it even worse . "
Britain has one of the largest DNA databases in the world , with profiles of over 5 million people , or 8 percent of the population .
Seven percent of those on the register are black , according to government figures _ even though only about 2 percent of the population of England and Wales is black .
Montgomery said his commission 's figures came from the Equality and Human Rights Commission , a government body that has estimated that about a third of all black men _ and 75 percent of all young black men _ are on the national register .
Last month , security minister Alan West acknowledged that the overrepresentation of blacks and other minorities on the database was worrying , but said that " our initial look at this makes us feel that this is to do with the fact that in the criminal justice system as a whole there is overrepresentation of black people . "
" It is not because of a problem with the DNA database itself , " he told lawmakers .
Montgomery 's commission said police should stop taking DNA samples from every person who is arrested , arguing that decisions on whether DNA samples are taken should be based in part on the seriousness of the offense and the circumstances of the arrest .
British officials had planned to keep genetic information of innocent people indefinitely , but the European Court of Human Rights ruled unanimously last year that keeping such information on innocent people forever violated their right to privacy , forcing the British government to modify its practices .
New guidelines announced earlier this month call for the DNA profiles of most innocent people be purged from the system after six years , although people suspected of terrorist offenses would be excluded from this rule .
British officials indicated they are not likely to be swayed by the advisory board 's criticism of the DNA program .
" DNA samples are taken on arrest for recordable offenses carrying a prison sentence , " a spokeswoman for Britain 's Home Office said .
" The government is clear that this is the right threshold for taking and retaining DNA . "
The official , who spoke on condition of anonymity in line with department policy , said the DNA database is a " vital crime fighting tool . "
___
Associated Press Writer Raphael G. Satter contributed to this report .
San Francisco 's lowered home values and high unemployment rates have created another unwelcome side effect : far less revenue coming into city coffers than expected .
A report released Monday by the controller 's office shows that property tax revenues will likely be $ 35 million less than anticipated in the 2009 - 10 fiscal year that began July 1 .
Payroll tax revenues will probably be $ 24.8 million less than expected , the report said .
To make matters worse , some city departments are going over budget , including shortfalls of $ 5.1 million in the Fire Department , $ 4 million in the Sheriff 's Department and $ 3.2 million in Superior Court .
This year 's $ 6.6 billion budget bridged a $ 438 million gap and included a $ 25 million cushion for unexpected revenue loss .
But that 's proving not enough to make up for the missing dollars , meaning San Francisco is now expected to be in the red by an additional $ 28.1 million over the course of this year .
" I do n't even know if I have words to describe how bad this is , " said Steve Kawa , Mayor Gavin Newsom 's chief of staff .
Kawa said the mayor 's office will send out letters to department heads today outlining how much spending will need to be cut to balance this year 's budget .
Another round of letters will go out to department heads Thursday describing how much more will have to be cut for the 2010 - 11 year .
City officials will formally begin discussing next year 's budget in the next few months .
Gloomier next year
Next year 's budget deficit is likely to top $ 400 million , Kawa said .
That forecast could get even worse with federal stimulus money coming to an end next year and the state likely to help balance its own budget woes by cutting money sent to cities and counties .
" It may be the perfect financial storm , " Kawa said .
" It 's going to be incredibly difficult to find a way to balance next year 's budget without some severe impacts . "
In the near term , the fight over midyear cuts could get ugly .
Already , several supervisors are at odds with the mayor over the supervisors ' plan to approve spending $ 7 million to rescind more than 500 layoff notices going into effect this week for city and school district workers .
Seven supervisors voted to approve the plan last Tuesday , falling one vote short of the eight votes required - and sending the plan back to committee for further discussion .
Report criticized
Supervisor John Avalos , a proponent of the $ 7 million bailout and chairman of the board 's budget committee , said the controller 's report is disingenuous because it includes the $ 7 million in its $ 28.1 million shortfall estimate as if the money had been spent .
But at the same time , the controller says he will block the spending of the money even if the supervisors eventually approve it .
Avalos said the controller 's report also failed to account for $ 34 million expected to come into the city from the state later this year that is linked to new hospital fees and Medicaid reimbursements .
" It 's a little bit cooked , " Avalos said of the report .
" They 've painted the picture a little darker than it really is . "
Avalos added the $ 35 million in decreased property tax revenue is an estimate based on 4,000 appeals by property owners to have their property tax assessments lowered .
Avalos said there 's no telling whether those appeals will be approved by the assessor 's office .
Supervisor Sean Elsbernd said he expects the $ 35 million figure to wind up being conservative .
He said 350 property owners had filed appeals by this time two years ago , and their properties were worth a total of $ 2 billion .
This year , the 4,000 property owners represent property totaling $ 25 billion .
Elsbernd said that 's why the board needs to get serious about major fiscal reform , including employee health benefits and retirement systems .
" These numbers are dramatic , " he said .
" We need to go after the big money now .
A clip here , a clip there does n't get it done . "
New budget deficits Oakland $ 19 million shortfall after the first fiscal quarter San Francisco $ 28.1 million shortfall forecast for entire year
You have to love analysts and SocGen who seem to be the most dramatic around .
Albert Edwards is on the record as saying the market will make fresh lows , and now the bank is out telling clients how to prepare for a total global market collapse .
The Telegraph 's Ambrose Evans - Pritchard has the scoop :
The bank said the current crisis displays " compelling similarities " with Japan during its Lost Decade ( or two ) , with a big difference : Japan was able to stay afloat by exporting into a robust global economy and by letting the yen fall .
It is not possible for half the world to pursue this strategy at the same time .
SocGen advises bears to sell the dollar and to " short " cyclical equities such as technology , auto , and travel to avoid being caught in the " inherent deflationary spiral " .
Emerging markets would not be spared .
Paradoxically , they are more leveraged to the US growth than Wall Street itself .
Farm commodities would hold up well , led by sugar .
[ Daniel ] Fermon said junk bonds would lose 31 pc of their value in 2010 alone .
However , sovereign bonds would " generate turbo - charged returns " mimicking the secular slide in yields seen in Japan as the slump ground on .
At one point Japan 's 10 - year yield dropped to 0.40 pc .
The Fed would hold down yields by purchasing more bonds .
The European Central Bank would do less , for political reasons .
SocGen 's case for buying sovereign bonds is controversial .
A number of funds doubt whether the Japan scenario will be repeated , not least because Tokyo itself may be on the cusp of a debt compound crisis .
Mr Fermon said his report had electrified clients on both sides of the Atlantic .
" Everybody wants to know what the impact will be .
A lot of hedge funds and bankers are worried , " he said .
Read the whole thing >
If anyone happens to have a copy of this report , we 'd love to see it .
Please send to jweisenthal@businessinsider.com
Tainted baby milk made thousands of Chinese children ill China has executed two people for their role in a scandal involving tainted milk powder that resulted in six children dying , officials have said .
More than 300,000 other infants were made ill from milk powder contaminated with melamine , an industrial chemical used to make plastics and fertiliser .
Zhang Yujun and Geng Jinping are the only people to have been executed over the scandal , court officials said .
Nineteen other people were sentenced to prison terms .
Zhang Yujun was convicted of endangering public safety by dangerous means , for selling more than 770 tonnes of the tainted milk powder from July 2007 to August 2008 , the official Xinhua news agency said .
Geng Jinping , who managed a milk production centre , was convicted of supplying milk containing melamine to the now - bankrupt Sanlu Group and other dairies .
The two men were sentenced in January in Shijiazhuang , capital of Hebei , where Sanlu was based .
Their appeals were rejected by the Hebei Provincial Higher People 's Court in March .
Xinhua said the executions were carried out on Tuesday , but did not say where .
Public outrage Melamine is used in the making of plastics and fertilisers .
When added to food products it indicates a higher apparent protein content but can cause kidney stones and kidney failure .
ANALYSIS Michael Bristow , BBC News , Beijing
It is difficult to overestimate the anger felt by Chinese people across the nation about this scandal .
As soon as it broke , worried parents who had been feeding their children baby powder took them to hospitals for check - ups .
Others said they could not trust anything they put in their mouths .
The government will hope these executions will go some way to convincing people it is serious about improving food safety standards .
But this was not an isolated case - Chinese people are used to food scares .
The government will have to work hard to convince them this will not happen again .
Milk dealers and middlemen , including Zhang and Geng , sold the milk to major dairy companies who failed to test it for its purity and nutritional value .
Sanlu had been China 's largest seller of milk powder until news of the racket broke in mid-September last year , Xinhua said .
It emerged that Sanlu had known it was selling toxic milk - and allowed around 900 tonnes of it to leave its dairies before it stopped production .
The company 's former chairwoman , Tian Wenhua , was sentenced to life in prison in January this year after pleading guilty to producing and selling fake or substandard milk .
She was the highest - ranking executive charged over the scandal .
The case provoked widespread public outrage in China and came after a series of similar food safety incidents , including another one of contaminated milk powder four years previously which left 13 babies dead .
MELAMINE SCANDAL 10 Sept : 14 babies reported ill in Gansu province 15 Sept : Beijing confirms first deaths from the contamination 22 Sept : Toll of ill babies rises to tens of thousands - and eventually will rise to more than 300,000 23 Sept :
Other countries start to test Chinese dairy products or remove them from shops 31 Oct : Chinese media suggest melamine is routinely added to animal feed 23 Dec :
The main dairy firm involved , Sanlu , files for bankruptcy 31 Dec : Four senior Sanlu executives go on trial 2 Jan 2009 :
Firms involved ask for forgiveness in a mass New Year text message 22 Jan : Courts in Hebei province sentence two men to death and 19 to prison terms March : Higher courts reject appeals 24 Nov : Zhang Yujun and Geng Jinping executed
Timeline : China milk scandal Chinese views on milk scandal
It led to product recalls across the globe , and further damaged China 's reputation for producing safe and reliable products , correspondents say .
In December 2008 , the government ordered 22 firms implicated in the tainted milk to pay a total of 1.1 bn yuan ( $ 161 m ; £ 97.5 m ) to the hundreds of thousands of families involved .
China 's supreme court has not responded to an appeal from more than 200 families that the compensation was inadequate .
Lawyers acting for some of the families have said the government told local authorities to negotiate with the families to reach a settlement .
" We have handled over 400 cases ... [ and ] more than 100 families have not yet reached an agreement with their local government on a satisfying compensation , " one of the lawyers , Xu Zhiyong , told the BBC .
Another lawyer said the problem with the tainted milk stemmed from an inadequate regulatory system .
" It 's hard to understand why these people are give such harsh punishment because generally speaking ... there is a lack of monitoring and regulation , " said Li Fangping .
" It 's the food supervision and inspection authorities that are responsible for this . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Back when I started programming computers came with circuit diagrams and listings of their firmware .
The early machines I used like the Sharp MZ - 80 K , the BBC Micro Model B , the Apple ] [ and so on had limited instruction sets and an ' operating system ' that was simple enough to comprehend if you understood assembly language .
In fact , you really wanted to understand assembly language to get the most out of these machines .
Later I started doing embedded programming .
I wrote a TCP / IP stack that ran on an embedded processor inside a network adapter card .
Again it was possible to understand everything that was happening in that piece of hardware .
But along the way Moore 's Law overtook me .
The unending doubling in speed and capacity of machines means that my ability to understand the operation of the computers around me ( including my phone ) has long since been surpassed .
There is simply too much going on .
And it 's a personal tragedy .
As computers have increased in complexity my enjoyment of them has plummeted .
Since I can no longer understand the computer I am forced to spend my days in the lonely struggle against an implacable and yet deterministic foe : another man 's APIs .
The worse thing about APIs is that you know that someone else created them , so your struggle to get the computer to do something is futile .
This is made worse by closed source software where you are forced to rely on documentation .
Of course , back in my rose tinted past someone else had made the machine and the BIOS , but they 'd been good enough to tell you exactly how it worked and it was small enough to comprehend .
I was reminded of all this reading the description of the Apollo Guidance Computer .
The AGC had the equivalent of just over 67Kb of operating system in ROM and just over 4 kb of RAM .
And that was enough to put 12 men on the moon .
Even more interesting is how individuals were able to write the software for it :
" Don was responsible for the LM P60's ( Lunar Descent ) , while I was responsible for the LM P40's ( which were ) all other LM powered flight " .
Two men were able to write all that code and understand its operation .
12 men went to the moon using an understandable computer , and I sit before an unfathomable machine .
Luckily , there are fun bits of hardware still around .
My next projects are going to use the Arduino
Labels : rants and raves
A 12 - YEAR - OLD Aboriginal boy will face a children 's court today charged with receiving a stolen Freddo frog .
The chocolate frog , allegedly shoplifted by the accused child 's friend from a Coles supermarket in regional Western Australia , usually retails for about 70 cents .
The boy , who has no prior convictions , also faces a second charge involving the receipt of a small novelty sign from another store .
The sign , which was also allegedly given to the boy by his friend , read : '' Do not enter , genius at work ' ' .
The boy 's lawyer , Peter Collins , had lobbied WA police for the charges to be withdrawn but authorities had failed to respond to his written request , he said .
'' It 's scandalous that a 12 - year - old child should be subject to prosecution for a case of this type . ''
Mr Collins said when the boy last month missed a court date due to a family misunderstanding , police had apprehended him about 8 am on a school day and taken him into custody .
The boy was then imprisoned for several hours in the holding cell at the local police station .
The boy will appear at the Northam Children 's Court , about 100 kilometres from Perth .
Listen in on aspartame hearings in 1976 between Senator Ted Kennedy and FDA Commissioner Alexander Schmidt at the Senate Subcommittee on Labor and Public Health :
Commissioner Schmidt : " Today I would like to report to you the final results of the Food and Drug Administration 's detailed investigation of animal studies performed by Searle . "
Senator Kennedy : " Is this the first time , to your knowledge , that such a problem has been uncovered of this magnitude by the Food and Drug Administration ? "
Dr. Schmidt : " It is certainly the first time that such an extensive and detailed examination of this kind has taken place .
We have never before conducted such an examination as we did at Searle .
From time to time , we have been aware of isolated problems , but we were not aware of the extent of the problem in one pharmaceutical house . "
Senator Kennedy : " The extensive nature of the almost unbelievable range of abuses discovered by the FDA on several major Searle products is profoundly disturbing . "
Yet a year later look what happened !
The 1977 Bressler Report , even without the concealed studies , clearly revealed fraud .
Searle deleted what they did n't want FDA to see , even excised the brain tumors from rats , and put them back in the study .
After death they resurrected them on paper .
Chief FDA Scientist , Dr. Thomas Xavier Collins , investigated two mice teratology ( birth defects ) studies .
The incompetent Searle employee who reviewed studies had but a single year of experience : worked on rabbit populations for the Illinois Wildlife Service !
The studies were a travesty , like all Searle 's studies submitted to FDA .
....
When the Bressler Report was retyped , FDA omitted the investigation of these two studies , not wanting the public to see how bad they were .
We have now restored these studies to the Bressler Report , thanks to Dr. John Olney and Dr. Madelon Price .
We also thank Jerome Bressler for his constant persistence in motivating us to locate these studies .
He emphasized the report was not complete without them .
Dr. Thomas Xavier Collins was the Chief Scientist and FDA struck his name from the record .
Thanks also to Lane Shore , Mission Possible Chicago who has worked tirelessly in this effort for years .
H. J. Roberts , M.D. , who testified before Congress and wrote the 1000 page medical text , Aspartame Disease : An Ignored Epidemic , www.sunsentpress.com , unsuccessfully tried to get a copy of the deficient and misleading " studies " through his congressman 8 years ago .
Dr. Roberts explains : " These studies are part of the reason the FDA tried to indict the manufacturer for fraud .
The results were kept under FDA seal for 3 decades .
Indeed the Bressler Report and other studies should have precluded FDA from approving aspartame for human consumption .
For instance , its unconscionable that brain tumors were actually removed from the rats .
I have detailed the striking rise of brain tumors that began after aspartame approval ...
http://www.dorway.com/betty/brainc.txt
Next Page 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | 6
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
Great
White nearly bit in half by an even BIGGER monster : Swimmers stay out of the water after warning over giant 20ft shark
A ' monster ' great white shark measuring up to 20 ft long is on the prowl off a popular Queensland beach , according to officials .
Swimmers were warned to stay out of the water off Stradbroke Island after the shark mauled another smaller great white which had been hooked on a baited drum line .
The 10 - foot great white was almost bitten in half .
The fictional shark at the centre of the Steven Spielberg blockbuster Jaws was estimated to be just five feet longer .
[ caption ]
' It certainly opened up my eyes .
I mean the shark that was caught is a substantial shark in itself , ' says Jeff Krause of Queensland Fisheries .
The great white , the most dangerous creature in the sea , was still alive when hauled onto a boat near Deadman 's Beach off north Stradbroke island .
News of the shocking attack on the smaller shark has sent jitters along the Queensland coast from Stradbroke Island , near Brisbane , to the Sunshine Coast further north down to the tourist mecca of Surfers Paradise , south of Brisbane .
' Whatever attacked and took chunks out of this big shark must be massive , ' said 19 - year - old surfer Ashton Smith .
' I 've heard about the big one that 's lurking out there somewhere .
' We 're all being very , very cautious . '
Mr John Gooding , who operates a charter fishing boat , said sharks were everywhere , although there appeared to be no specific reason for an increase in the number .
' Some days you struggle to get a fish on to the boat before the sharks take them , ' he told the Courier Mail newspaper .
Many of the popular beaches in Queensland are protected by nets and what are known as drumlines - a series of baited hooks that hang from buoys placed in a line about 500 yards from beaches .
Since the net and drumline programme was introduced in Queensland there has been only one fatal attack on a protected beach .
The relatively recent attack occurred when 21 - year - old student Sarah Whiley was killed off Stradbroke Island three years ago .
The Queensland State Government has been under pressure in recent weeks to scale down the shark net and drumline programme because environmentalists say that whales and other big fish are becoming trapped in the nets .
But Fisheries Minister Tim Mulherin said the capture of the badly injured 10ft shark - and the indication of a much larger one being in the area - showed the necessity to keep the nets and drumlines in place .
Darren Kindleysides , director of the Australian Marine Conservation Society , said the nets were working but at huge cost to whales , dolphins and turtles .
Last night Ken and I were talking about the pointlessness of speeches on the House floor .
I had been telling him how moved I was by Donna Edwards ' very personal explanation of why she was voting for health care reform .
We both marveled at how shamelessly one well - fed Republican zombie after another got up to the podium to recite , canned talking point meant only to distort facts and frighten people .
And I told him how more Democrats looked like they had been paying attention to and inspired by Alan Grayson 's recent refusals to take any guff from these Republicans -- like Lloyd Doggett ( D - TX ) and Ed Markey ( D - MA ) .
Ken reminded me that these speeches do n't change any minds on the floor and that they 're all just meant to be part of a 30 - second sound byte on a local TV station back home .
Maybe .
But the speech Alan Grayson gave a few days ago is never going to be part of any 30 - second sound byte on any TV station I ever heard about .
It is n't likely that he did persuade any Republicans -- or Blue Dogs -- to vote for Life .
In fact , I 've been told that while he gave the speech Republicans plugged up their ears and hopped around like angry chimpanzees , objecting and objecting and objecting .
They objected for over an hour .
I think you 'll understand why by watching it :
Labels : Alan Grayson , health care reform
Mashups between Marvel and Disney characters were almost inescapable in the weeks that followed the big buyout news -- some creative , some ridiculously bad .
Fortunately , The Beat pointed out a fantastic gallery of " dark " Disney Princesses as drawn by illustrator Jeffrey Thomas .
Granted ,
Thomas drew these long before the corporate buyout , but given their typically grim and gritty take on superheroes , it 's easy to see these hardcore heroines through the lens of a Marvel mashup .
By Kevin Connolly
BBC News , Washington
Griffin exposed the discrimination prevalent in the Deep South How much does the colour of our skin make us who we are , and shape the way the world sees us ?
The answer to that question may seem obvious now after decades of slow and uneven progress towards racial equality and enlightenment .
It would have seemed very different 50 years ago to the white Texan writer John Howard Griffin , when he embarked on one of the most remarkable one - man social and psychological experiments in history .
Griffin was the white man who fooled hundreds of Americans into believing he was a black man as he travelled through Louisiana , Mississippi , Alabama and Georgia - and who felt at first hand the bigotry that meant .
In later life , the six - week venture - described in his book Black Like Me - was to expose him to the hatred and violence that underpinned that bigotry , too .
When he toured the South lecturing to white audiences about his experiences as a black man , he was threatened , intimidated and , on at least one occasion , seriously beaten .
Widespread discrimination
In the American Deep South in 1959 , to be black was to be despised - to be treated as something less than human .
There was the grinding poverty , of course , and the segregation and legalised discrimination which reserved certain railroad cars , bus seats and drinking fountains for the whites .
But there were humiliations that ran deeper still .
In some states , black men accused of looking at white women with lust in their hearts could be arrested under laws which made " ogling " a form of sexual assault .
In others , " eyeballing " laws meant that failing to look down at the sidewalk when white folks passed by could lead to a charge of behaving in a confrontational way .
As part of his research , Griffin worked as a ' shoe shine boy '
Black performers - if they were ever hired by Southern theatres - were reminded in their contracts not to look at white women in the audiences .
John Howard Griffin was a remarkable man .
As a Texan teenager who found himself in France at the outbreak of World War II , he helped to smuggle Jewish children to safety and freedom .
He then served with distinction in the US Air Force in the Pacific .
And then , after the war - when illness struck him blind for 10 years while he was still relatively young - he became a prolific writer .
It was after his sight returned that he hit upon the idea of Black Like Me , the work which is his most important legacy .
The whole business of racial impersonation might make us feel vaguely uncomfortable now , but in 1959 a black writer simply could not have found an audience for such a graphic portrayal of African - American grievance .
Only a white writer prepared to take the extraordinary steps that Griffin took could tell the story .
His biographer Robert Bonazzi - who went on to marry Griffin 's widow - told me how in practical terms the white Texan set up transforming himself into a black Southerner .
These tools were used in the past to dehumanise
Hilary Shelton
National Association for the Advancement of Colored People " He took a drug called Oxsoralen , which is to combat vitiligo .
" In other words , black people if they get white splotches on their skin they would take this medicine to cover the white splotches .
And he was told by a dermatologist that if he took massive doses of this and got under an ultra violet sunlamp - which he did - he would turn quite brown , which he did . "
Griffin 's grim adventures as a black man in a white man 's world are worth reading .
They remain a set text for many American high school children .
The work raises all sorts of interesting questions , not just about life in the states of the old confederacy nearly 100 years after the American Civil War , but also about race and identity .
After all , if Griffin could fool white people to the extent that they were prepared to mistreat him , then it is fair to conclude that the colour of our skin does not have much to do with the content of our character .
Griffin 's experiment probably stands alone in history as a benign example of racial impersonation - but by a curious coincidence , exactly 50 years on we see a couple of examples of the darker form of the tradition which remind you that progress towards that age of racial enlightenment is still very uneven indeed .
Modern ' blackface '
First , French Vogue published a photograph of a white model painted black - raising the rather obvious question of why they did not simply use a model with black skin .
I suspect you will wait rather a long time to see Vogue using pictures of someone with another natural skin tone painted white .
And then , on a talent show in Australia , a group of men did an " impression " of the Jackson Five in black make - up , or blackface , that would not have been out of place in an Alabama minstrel show in the 1890s .
Interestingly , the American entertainer Harry Connick
Jr was there as a guest judge and was thus able to explain to the Australian audience what the performance looked like to other eyes .
The author passed unnoticed in the black neighbourhoods of New Orleans
He said simply : " I know it was done humorously but we 've spent so much time trying to not make black people look like buffoons that when we see something like that we take it really to heart and I know it was in good fun but if I had known it was going to be part of the show I probably , I definitely would n't have done it . "
It may seem strange to be marking Black History month ( which in the UK , unlike in the US and Canada , is celebrated in October ) by reporting breaches against good taste that seem to belong to another age .
It is 31 years since the BBC stopped broadcasting its own contribution to this unhappy genre - the Black and White Minstrel Show .
I asked Hilary Shelton of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People to put into words what he must have hoped would be obvious by now .
He told me : " These tools were used in the past to dehumanise .
In the US and Great Britain we share common experiences with race relations that make us a bit more sensitive to what it means to put someone in blackface , to put a caricature wig of an African - American on one 's head , to exaggerate the size of one 's lips or the size of one 's nose . "
Noble intent Blackface was for years a staple of mainstream entertainment rooted in the minstrel shows of 19th - Century America .
Big stars like Bing Crosby and Judy Garland have appeared in blackface and one of the biggest of them all , Al Jolson , rarely appeared without it .
More highbrow examples of the " art " - Laurence Olivier playing Othello for example - seem to me to raise subtly different questions which are certainly worth exploring , although perhaps not within the confines of this article .
It is , by now , forgotten more or less ( unless you buy French Vogue or watch Australian talent shows , of course ) so it is a little depressing to find it cropping up in Black History Month and on the anniversary of John Howard Griffin 's challenging odyssey through Old Dixie .
At least it serves a purpose though - it reminds us that Griffin 's experiment was perhaps the only occasion on which one man assumed the race of another with noble intent .
It is worth reading what he wrote - and then reflecting , in this age of the first African - American president , on how far we have come .
And how far we have to go .
Photos by Don Rutledge from Black Like Me by John Howard Griffin , published by Souvenir Press
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Camillo Bruni and Toon Verwaest .
PyGirl : Generating Whole - System VMs from High - Level Prototypes using PyPy .
In Objects , Components , Models and Patterns , Proceedings of TOOLS Europe 2009 , LNBIP 33 p. 328—347 , Springer - Verlag , 2009 .
Details .
Abstract
Virtual machines ( VMs ) emulating hardware devices are generally implemented in low - level languages for performance reasons .
This results in unmaintainable systems that are difficult to understand .
In this paper we report on our experience using the PyPy toolchain to improve the portability and reduce the complexity of whole - system VM implementations .
As a case study we implement a VM prototype for a Nintendo Game Boy , called PyGirl , in which the high - level model is separated from low - level VM implementation issues .
We shed light on the process of refactoring from a low - level VM implementation in Java to a high - level model in RPython .
We show that our whole - system VM written with PyPy is significantly less complex than standard implementations , without substantial loss in performance .
It is n’t as easy as it should be finding authentic tilt - shift pictures , at least that ’s the way it is for me .
If you have a library of confirmed authentic tilt - shifts , please point your finger .
Until then , I ’ll do my part in starting this library .
But I might as well keep you on your TOEs while I ’m at it !
To the best of my discernment , only 3 of these four images are authentic tilt - shifts .
By authentic , I mean taken with an actual tilt - shift lens .
The fake tilt - shift was probably made using software similar to tiltshiftmaker.com .
Happy hunting :
Miniature Pond by Dellis
employed by planet earth by Hejl
Box of Crayons by MrStevebob
Tilt Shift San Diego by Rebelxtnut
Share TOE ► Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
More
Print
Pocket
Tumblr
Reddit
Millions of Americans already battling the suffocating economy are getting a flurry of mail from credit - card issuers telling them , just in time for holiday shopping , that their interest rate is headed skyward .
For many , the rates are doubling , even tripling , leaving cash - strapped and credit - starved Americans staring at harder times ahead .
Still others are seeing longtime fixed rates flipped to variable rates tied to a market index that ’s likely to pitch them into double - digit interest in no time .
Much of the activity — rate hikes , lower credit limits , boosts of minimum monthly payments among them — seems to be pegged to new federal rules set to kick in gear in late February that will severely constrain banks and credit - card issuers from predatory practices of the past , according to experts who track the industry .
The trend is bearing out in several new consumer surveys that say credit - card users are increasingly faced with unsavory choices ranging from accepting near - impossible credit terms on accounts with already high balances , to closing accounts and limiting consumers ’ credit availability .
A survey from Rasmussen Reports found that half of its respondents have been slapped with rate hikes in the past six months .
Another by Credit.com found that nearly a third of Americans had rates boosted unexpectedly , nearly double the number from a previous analysis just six months ago .
And at a time when banks have suffered a severe setback in consumer confidence , those actions are not being greeted warmly , industry experts say .
“ It seems like they ’re hurting the customers they need the most , ” said Travis Plunkett , legislative director for the Consumer Federation of America , an advocacy group .
“ What the industry needs most is trust , having lost it to the traps and tricks they ’ve used for years , but they seem to be betraying it even further . ”
Some tricks now include designing notices of interest - rate changes as junk mail .
“ There ’s no law that mandates a standard on how those notifications are to be sent out , ” said Ben Woolsey , director of marketing and consumer research at CreditCards.com .
“ The banks love nothing more for it to be thrown away . ”
Fearful the rules might hamstring banks ’ ability to make money — profits from credit - card penalty fees are expected to top $ 20.9 billion this year alone — card issuers are being pushed to increase rates quickly .
Though the national average is at 13.7 percent , according to the Federal Reserve , that ’s now changing .
And everyone is being affected , from those with the poorest credit to those with the best .
“ It ’s not just counterintuitive but shortsighted , ” Plunkett said .
“ People who have really done nothing wrong are finding themselves with higher rates . ”
The new laws are to begin in February , though some rules kicked in this summer .
The law — the Credit Card Accountability Responsibility and Disclosure Act of 2009 , or Credit CARD
Act — is designed to provide consumers with access to credit on terms that are fair and more easily understood .
It bans abusive credit - card practices , enhances disclosure to cardholders and protects underage consumers .
It also protects consumers by barring unreasonable interest - rate increases and fees , and requires monthly disclosures of how much interest you ’ve paid to date .
Efforts to push the effective date to December passed the House last week but stalled this week in the Senate .
David Migoya : 303-954-1506 or dmigoya@denverpost.com
Options to consider if terms change
As more credit - card companies move to change the terms of card users ’ accounts , consumers are left with few choices on how to react .
Here are some ideas :
• Close out the card .
Issuers must give you at least 60 days to refuse their deal .
But be careful ; your credit score could be affected adversely , because the gap between the amount of credit you have and the credit you ’ve used will decrease , lowering your score .
• Pay off balances .
This will prevent any accrual of interest from the new rate and likely save you a lot .
• Demand a lower rate .
That takes negotiation , and if you ’ve got a decent credit score ( 750 or above is terrific ) , you should have success .
• Transfer to a lower rate .
There still are some good introductory rates out there .
Just be sure the new card does n’t have hidden fees that eat up any savings .
• Grin and bear it .
As long as you make payments on time and meet all the conditions , you ’ll be in good shape to ask for a reduction in about a year .
If you have no credit - card balance , you ’re pretty much unaffected by any increase .
Sources : CreditCards.com ; Credit.com
A Busy Developer 's Guide to Tcl / Tk 8.6
Current Status of this Document :
This document is still in initial draft stage .
Last update June 25 , 2009 .
The Tcl / Tk Core Team has been very busy over the last couple of years ( well , before that too ! ) and Tcl / Tk 8.6 is now in beta , and moving forward quickly towards a release .
And there 's a lot of really good stuff in it .
But it may be a bit hard for your average application developer to sift through what 's really important to them .
Like with my Busy Developer 's Guide to Tcl / Tk 8.5 , this document is intended to quickly introduce " mainstream " developers ( admittedly , a completely subjective category ) to the important new features in Tcl / Tk 8.6 that they really need to know about .
To quote the 8.5 guide :
This is n't a manager 's high - level guide , but covers things that affect your code on a daily basis .
It 's also not something that would interest the type of people who follow daily commits to the Tcl / Tk CVS repositories .
Of course , if you want more comprehensive information , it is definitely out there ; start out with the Changes in Tcl / Tk 8.6 page on the Tcler 's Wiki , as well as TIP # 311 , the 8.6 release calendar .
Tcl 8.6 :
What Every Developer Needs to Know
Unlike Tcl 8.5 , which introduced a lot of new idioms that did away with big ugly warts scattered throughout almost everyone 's code , there 's only one thing in Tcl 8.6 that I think application developers really should be aware of .
Core Support for Object Orientation
Since the dawn of time ( well , at least the very first Tcl / Tk workshop in 1993 ) , there 's been a push to have an object system included in the core of Tcl , and over the years there have been dozens , if not hundreds , that have been written and put forward as evidence that objects must be in the core .
Many hundreds more personal implementations have also been created ; writing an object system for Tcl has been considered by many a rite of passage .
To speculate on the untold thousands of hours spent on political arguments about this topic brings a tear to my eye .
Suffice it to say , there 's never been a shortage of options for doing object oriented programming in Tcl .
About the Implementation .
As of Tcl / Tk 8.6 , there 's now an " official " object system , living in the " oo : : " namespace , that you can know is available anywhere you find Tcl 8.6 or newer .
It 's got the range of expressive power , flexibility , dynamic nature , extensibility and raw performance you 'd expect .
This does n't preclude using other systems , and in fact some of them have rewritten their internals to take advantage of the infrastructure provided by the core system .
A full description of the OO system can be found in TIP # 257 as well as the oo:: class , oo : : object , and oo : : define reference manual pages .
Implications for Developers .
This does n't mean you should run out and convert all your existing procedural code to use object oriented code , nor convert code written in another object system to use the core one .
What it does mean is that you now have a " no hassle " object system available to you , which makes deciding about whether or not to create some new code procedurally or with objects simply an issue of which is the better fit .
If you 're using a different system already , or a homegrown one , there may be some very impressive performance gains to be had to migrate your code over , whether directly on top of the core " oo : : " , or another object system that leverages that system .
It also ensures that the object system will be maintained and synchronized with new releases of Tcl .
Tcl 8.6 : Other Things You Should Know
While there are a lot of new things in Tcl 8.6 , those below deserve a particular mention for mainstream application developers .
Tcl Database Connectivity .
There is now a standard database abstraction layer available as part of the Tcl 8.6 core , which provides a similar front end interface to different underlying database engines .
As with OO , there have long been several competing options in this area , as well as of course the database - specific API 's .
For details see TIP # 308 , TIP # 350 , as well as the TDBC manual pages ( in the 8.6 distribution , link forthcoming ) .
Initial database drivers are available for MySQL , ODBC , and SQLite3 .
Try / Catch / Finally .
There is a new syntax for handling exceptions , based on the " try " syntax used by many other languages .
This complements , rather than replaces , the existing " catch " mechanism , and in fact adds no new capabilities , but does provide a cleaner way to manage certain types of error handling .
Doing Nothing is Okay .
Many
Tcl commands which expected a variable number of arguments ( such as " file delete " ) would generate an error if called with no arguments .
As of 8.6 , many of them now allow this ( deleting zero files ? no problem ! ) , which should save more than a few code checks for empty lists .
See TIP # 323 for the affected commands .
Compression .
There is now an interface to zlib included as part of the Tcl core ; see TIP # 234 .
Temporary files .
There is now a standard " file tempfile " ( see TIP # 210 ) for creating temporary files .
NRE and Coroutines .
Ok , this is not something that most developers need to worry about , but is really geeky cool .
Tcl 's internal execution engine has been replaced by a " Non-Recursive - Engine " ( NRE ) , which means that every new layer of code evaluation does not create a new layer on the C stack , resulting in massively reduced stack usage .
This is conceptually similar to the " stackless Python " implementation in that language .
As a result , some new ways of structuring applications become more readily available ; Lua-inspired coroutines ( see TIP # 328 ) are now available in the core as a result of NRE .
Tk 8.6 :
What Every Developer Needs to Know
On the Tk side , there is not as dramatic a change as in 8.5 , which introduced the themed Tk widgets .
Under the hood , there have of course been many improvements and bug fixes to those themed widgets .
But only a few things are particularly worth noting .
Mac Tk Switching to Cocoa
Very significant for Mac developers , or those targeting Mac OS X , the underlying implementation of Tk is switching from Carbon ( a transitional API to help developers with the switch from classic MacOS to OS X , and now deprecated by Apple ) to Cocoa ( the native user interface API on Mac OS X ) .
While many of the Carbon and Cocoa API 's just called each other and therefore did the same thing anyway , the switch to Cocoa will provide a few immediate improvements in the native look and feel of Tk on OS X , and the potential for increased improvements in the future .
Perhaps more importantly , this provides a solid foundation for Tk on the Mac to improve and maintain compatibility with future Mac OS X releases .
PNG Image Support
The Tk core now adds native support for PNG images , without needing any extensions ( see TIP # 244 ) .
Font Chooser
The other thing of note , because it is used so often in applications , is that Tk now includes a standard font selection dialog ( see TIP # 324 ) .
If you 're using something else , replace it with this .
Tk 8.6 : Other Things You Should Know
Again , a few things that may well improve your programs , some without any changes needed on your part .
Angled Text .
The canvas widget now supports the creation of angled text ( see TIP # 119 ) .
Blocking all Events .
The new " tk busy " command ( adopted from BLT 's blt_busy ) now allows an application to block out all user interaction events , for example while performing a long operation ( see TIP # 321 ) .
MouseWheel Improvements .
The default mouse wheel bindings have been improved so that they work " properly " , scrolling the widget that is underneath the mouse , regardless of whether it actually has the focus .
“ I brought my 9 year old son along and was afraid he might not enjoy himself as much as I had hoped .
During the welcoming keynote , a young woman ( going into 9th grade I believe ) , sat next to my son .
They spent the rest of the day together going to different panels .
It made it an awesome experience for him ! ” Kimberly Grommes , Programmer
“ Geek Girl Tech Conference is a fantastic way to get out of your bubble , try new things and meet super people .
I left tired , but energized with a new boost of confidence ! ”
Windee Freireich , WordPress Developer
“ Fun and informative weekend for geeks , gals AND gents . ”
Jenny Rodriguez , IVOREEZ
“ Your mission to support women around technology is clear and I admire that you accomplish this in a big way .
I really can't say enough about this wonderful day .
I guess I really am a Geek Girl ! ” Karen Ryan , WE CAN
“ I sing the praises of Geek Girl Conferences any chance I get .
Each year , I learn so much for my business , and after a few years , I 'm rewarded by " graduating " to more advanced classes , too . ”
Suzanne Greene - Cape Kaleidoscopes
QUITO , Ecuador , Nov. 17 ( UPI ) --
Ecuador 's energy crisis shows no sign of easing , but relief may be around the corner after emergency measures were taken by the government to import electricity from Colombia and Peru .
President Rafael Correa warned the country was in for a long haul and faced power shortages that could last over several months .
Critics have blamed the government for mismanagement and failing to prepare for the crisis as water levels in the reservoirs depleted during the summer .
Advertisement
Correa , facing rising discontent over the blackouts and rationing , called for " unity " among citizens and urged the people not to believe " demagogues " who blame the government .
The drought is the most severe in four decades and has affected the Paute River hydroelectric plant , the nation 's largest .
Ecuador is the second Latin American nation , after Venezuela , to be hit hard by drought attributed by government experts to the El Nino phenomenon .
The dipping water levels in the reservoirs at the country 's hydroelectric dams brought power generation to a virtual halt , or very low volumes , hitting industries and urban areas .
The damage to Ecuador 's economic growth is believed to run into tens of millions of dollars , analysts said .
In the industrial areas , some factories were brought to a stop and most manufacturing plants and workshops received rationed power well below their normal needs .
Storage of perishables throughout the country has been undermined by the power cuts and has already resulted in severe financial losses for businesses and households .
Ecuador was hit hard in the late 1990s by the reverse of the current weather upheaval , as the country received vast amounts of rain , causing flooding , landslides and draining of nutrients from water that killed off marine life .
Ecuador 's Electricity and Renewable Energy Minister Esteban Albornoz said the government expected to reduce rationing times for electricity transmissions .
However , he said , suspension of supplies after normal work hours could still continue , raising questions about industries that depend on refrigeration or have to be on a 24 - hour work schedule .
Last week Ecuador negotiated with Peru to import about 1,200 megawatts of electricity per hour , and also persuaded Colombia to increase supplies .
Ecuador has faced criticism from neighbors , particularly Peru , for spending cash resources on military purchases while the economy is in dire need of new investments .
Analysts said the power shortages are likely to increase pressure on Correa 's government to review its recent arms purchases , including military hardware from Brazil .
Ecuador says it needs the weapons because of heightened security precautions and rising tensions in the region .
When the Motorola DROID debuts in Verizon Wireless stores bright and early this Friday , one nice little feature that wo n't be making an appearance yet is tethering , for computing with your laptop on - the - go when that Android 2.0 interface just wo n't cut it .
We 're pretty sure that missing functionality wo n't be lessening the early adopter crowds too much , but if you are so inclined , Gearlog 's confirmed with VZW that its " Broadband Access Connect " tethering plan is indeed coming to the device , but not until sometime early 2010 .
Now , how about muscling Motorola and / or Google for some of that double - finger pointing our fine European friends get to indulge in ?
" Then we really will be independent , " he told the national news agency , Ansa .
" We have nothing against Italy , it 's just that we 're not part of it and our administration should reflect that . "
The Serborghini maintained that their village was a principality of the Holy Roman Empire from the 11th century until 1729 , when it was acquired by the Prince of Piedmont .
When you look at software engineering as a research field , you can see some pretty serious progress there .
There are amazing projects like PyPy and LLVM , massive optimizations in gcc and JIT compilers ( HotSpot , Psyco , TraceMonkey ) .
Compared to that , I have the impression that the reverse engineering community did not produce any significant results .
What we have is disassemblers , that is to say parsers .
To make things even worse , the more advanced tools used in RE have been created for a totally different purpose ( think Pin , VEX , QEMU , Bochs , virtualization … ) .
Some nice works are being performed by folks like Sean Heelan , Silvio Cesare , the Sogeti R&D team ( metasm , fuzzgrind ) and the BitBlaze team ( TEMU , Vine ) .
But overall I can see no open , community - driven , formally sound approach .
The tools are either not FOSS , limited in scope , or just not - that - reusable .
There is a number of potential factors to explain the situation :
reversers are not developers ( this , I think , is a big factor )
reversers are solitary , basement programmers ( not to mention cheese pops and japanese tentacle porn )
the complexity of x86 +
Windows makes the entry cost too high for academics
We are therefore left with a research niche with virtually no academics , little to no developer community , that still pumps some big bucks .
The only player left is the security industry , i.e. corporations which have absolutely no incentive to solve the problem .
Did I miss something , or is the picture really that grim ?
Colorado artist Allen Tupper
True – at one time consulting artist at the Hoover Dam – wrote and drew the following note to his daughter Jane whilst staying in New York , 1927 .
The illustration on the hotel letterhead clearly did n’t convey a realistic sense of scale in Allen ’s eyes , so he modified the picture for his daughter ’s benefit and added himself to the scene .
To receive such a stunning letter must have been a joy .
Transcript
FRATERNITY CLUBS BUILDING
22 EAST 38th STREET
NEW YORK
Dear Jane .
Many thanks for your letter and a lot of kisses for you .
Dad .
[ Picture ]
This is a lot more what New York looks like .
This is me .
On January 28th , 1986 , Space Shuttle Challenger was launched at 11:38 am on the 6 - day STS - 51 - L mission .
During the first 3 seconds of liftoff the o-rings ( o - shaped loops used to connect two cylinders ) in the shuttle 's right - hand solid rocket booster ( SRB ) failed .
As a result hot gases with temperatures above 5,000 °F leaked out of the booster , vaporized the o-rings , and damaged the SRB 's joints .
The shuttle started its ascent , but seventy two seconds later the compromised SRB pulled away from the Challenger , leading to sudden lateral acceleration .
Pilot Michael J. Smith uttered " Uh oh " just before the shuttle broke up .
Torn apart by excessive force , it disintegrated rapidly .
Within seconds the severed but nearly intact crew cabin began to free fall and seven astronauts plunged to their deaths .
I was a child then and remember watching in horror as Brazilian TV showed the footage .
At the time I did n't know that SRB engineers had previously warned about problems in the o-rings , but had been dismissed by NASA management .
I also did n't know who Richard Feynman or Ronald Reagan were .
It turns out that President Reagan created the Rogers Commission to investigate the disaster .
Physicist Feynman was invited as a member , but his independent intellect and direct methods were at odds with the commission 's formal approach .
Chairman Rogers , a politician , remarked that Feynman was " becoming a real pain . "
In the end the commission produced a report , but Feynman 's rebellious opinions were kept out of it .
When he threatened to take his name out of the report altogether , they agreed to include his thoughts as Appendix F - Personal Observations on Reliability of Shuttle .
It is a good thing it was included , because the 10 - page document is a work of brilliance .
It has deep insights into the nature of engineering and into how reliable systems are built .
And you see , I did n't put ' software ' in the title just to trick you .
Feynman 's conclusions are general and very much relevant for software development .
After all , as Steve McConnell tirelessly points out , there is much in common between software and other engineering disciplines .
But do n't take my word for it .
Take Feynman's :
The Space Shuttle Main Engine was handled in a different manner , top down , we might say .
The engine was designed and put together all at once with relatively little detailed preliminary study of the material and components .
Then when troubles are found in the bearings , turbine blades , coolant pipes , etc. , it is more expensive and difficult to discover the causes and make changes .
So software is not the only discipline where the longer a defect stays in the process , the more expensive it is to fix .
It 's also not the only discipline where a " top down " design , made in ignorance of detailed bottom - up knowledge , leads to problems .
There is however a difference here between design and requirements .
The requirements for the engine were clear and well defined .
You know , go to space and back , preferably without blowing up .
Feynman is arguing not so much against Joel 's functional specs , but rather against top down design such as that advocated by the UML as blueprint crowd .
On goes Feynman :
The Space Shuttle Main Engine is a very remarkable machine .
It has a greater ratio of thrust to weight than any previous engine .
It is built at the edge of , or outside of , previous engineering experience .
Therefore , as expected , many different kinds of flaws and difficulties have turned up .
Because , unfortunately , it was built in the top - down manner , they are difficult to find and fix .
The design aim of a lifetime of 55 missions equivalent firings ( 27,000 seconds of operation , either in a mission of 500 seconds , or on a test stand ) has not been obtained .
The engine now requires very frequent maintenance and replacement of important parts , such as turbopumps , bearings , sheet metal housings , etc .
Unfortunate top down manner , difficult to find and fix , failure to meet design requirements , frequent maintenance .
Sound familiar ?
Is software engineering really a world apart , removed from its sister disciplines ?
Feynman elaborates on the difficulty in achieving correctness due to the ' top down ' approach :
Many of these solved problems are the early difficulties of a new design .
Naturally , one can never be sure that all the bugs are out , and , for some , the fix may not have addressed the true cause .
Whether it's the Linux kernel or shuttle engines , there are fundamental cross - discipline issues in design .
One of them is the folly of a top - down approach , which ignores the reality that detailed knowledge about the bottom parts is a necessity , not something that can be abstracted away .
He then talks about the avionics system , which was done by a different group at NASA :
The software is checked very carefully in a bottom - up fashion .
First , each new line of code is checked , then sections of code or modules with special functions are verified .
The scope is increased step by step until the new changes are incorporated into a complete system and checked .
This complete output is considered the final product , newly released .
But completely independently there is an independent verification group , that takes an adversary attitude to the software development group , and tests and verifies the software as if it were a customer of the delivered product .
Yes , go ahead and pinch yourself : this is unit testing described in 1986 by the Feynman we know and love .
Not only unit testing , but ' step by step increase ' in scope and ' adversarial testing attitude ' .
It 's common to hear we suck at software because it's a " young discipline " , as if the knowledge to do right has not yet been attained .
Bollocks !
We suck because we constantly ignore well - established , well - known , empirically proven practices .
In this regard management is also to blame , especially when it comes to dysfunctional schedules , wrong incentives , poor hiring , and demoralizing policies .
Management / engineering tensions and the effects of bad management are keenly discussed by Feynman in his report .
Here is one short example :
To summarize then , the computer software checking system and attitude is of the highest quality .
There appears to be no process of gradually fooling oneself while degrading standards so characteristic of the Solid Rocket Booster or Space Shuttle Main Engine safety systems .
To be sure , there have been recent suggestions by management to curtail such elaborate and expensive tests as being unnecessary at this late date in Shuttle history .
This is one of many passages .
I picked it because it touches on other points , such as the ' attitude of highest quality ' and the ' process of gradually fooling oneself ' .
I encourage you to read the whole report , unblemished by yours truly .
With respect to software , I take out four main points :
Engineering can only be as good as its relationship with management
Big design up front is foolish
Software has much in common with other engineering disciplines
Reliable systems are built by rigorously tested , incremental bottom - up engineering with an 'attitude of highest quality '
There are other interesting themes in there , and Feynman 's insight can't be captured in a few bullet points , much less by me .
What do you get out of it ?
64 Comments
Pay less and see more of what you want with these services that cut your cable provider out of the picture .
If you 're like most people , you cough up way too much for a monthly cable subscription and you barely watch half the channels you pay for .
The good news is that in this era of fast and abundant broadband , there are plenty of ways to see your favorite television shows and movies without paying Cablevision , Comcast , Time Warneror any other cable provider .
Look hard enough , and you can probably find any TV show episode or movie under the suneven those that are still in theaters with a .
The quality can be hit or miss , though , and , well , the legality is questionable , to say the least .
Or you could tune in over - the - air television , even in HD , with a PC that 's equipped with a TV tuner .
Also game consoles like PS3 and Xbox offer video content you can rent or buy .
You can even watch many of your favorite shows right on the networks '
Web sites .
But that 's just the tip of the iceberg .
Below you 'll find ways to watch shows and movies on a variety of devices including computers , handheld PMPs , and cell phones .
In almost all cases , you do n't even need to own a television .
So if you 're ready to kick your cable company to the curb , read on .
Amazon Video On Demand
The Numbers Approximately 50,000 titles ( TV shows and movies ) , 2,000 in HD .
The Upside Pay - as - you - rent - or - buy model with no monthly fees .
No software required ; content can be viewed in any Flash - enabled browser .
Movies and TV shows you rent or buy are placed in your Video Library , which can be accessed later from any Web - connected computer .
The Sales and Special Offers section features $ 5.00 movies and some free content .
Pre - order feature lets you access movies on DVD release day .
The Downside Interface is n't as simple to navigate as other services like Netflix or iTunes .
HD movies are n't available for purchase on a computer .
Unbox Video
Player lets you watch offline , but is n't compatible with Mac or Linux computers .
Downloaded videos cannot be transferred to Apple portable devices .
How Much ?
No subscription plans .
TV shows to buy : $ 1.99 ( SD ) $ 2.99 ( HD ) ; discounts when you buy a TV Pass ( a show 's entire season ) .
Movies to buy : $ 9.99 to $ 14.99 .
Movies to rent : $ 2.99 to $ 3.99 ( SD ) ; $ 3.99 to $ 4.99 ( HD ) .
How to Get it On a PC or a Mac , , , Sony HDTVs and Blu-ray players with BRAVIA Internet Video Link , Panasonic HDTVs and Blu-ray players with Viera Cast , Samsung plasma and LCD HDTVs with [ email protected ] , .
Apple iTunes Store
The Numbers No subscription plans .
Approximately 8,000 movie titles , 2,000 in HD ; 50,000 TV episodes .
The Upside A recent revamp makes the interface even slicker and easier to navigate .
Very solid content selection .
Pay - as - you - rent - or - buy model with no monthly fees .
Quick SD and HD downloads , and you can start watching almost immediately .
Easy to transfer to iPods or iPhones .
Every HD movie purchase comes with an SD version formatted for portable devices .
Weekly discounts on selected titles .
The Downside Requires iTunes software for purchase and viewing .
Some titles are only available in HD on Apple TV .
Ca n't transfer video content to non-Apple portable devices .
How Much ?
No subscription plans .
TV shows to buy : $ 1.99 ( SD ) $ 2.99 ( HD ) ; discounts when you buy TV Pass ( a show 's entire season ) .
Movies to buy : $ 4.99 to $ 19.99 ( SD and HD ) .
Movies to rent : $ 1.99 to $ 4.99 ( SD and HD ) .
How to Get it On a Mac , a PC , , , various models
Read our full review of .
Blockbuster On Demand
The Numbers Approximately 10,000 on - demand titles ( TV shows and movies ) .
The Upside If you want to avoid the monthly fee that comes with Netflix , you could give Blockbuster a whirl , but the selection is n't great , and forget about HD .
The Downside Unlike with Netflix 's Watch Instantly , On Demand service is n't part of the Blockbuster by Mail subscription plan .
No HD content .
TV selection is fairly dismal with the exception of some popular Showtime series like Dexter , Weeds , and The Tudors .
But if you 're a Punky Brewster or CHiPs fan , you 'll be pleased .
No Mac support .
Only works with Internet Explorer or Firefox with IE Tab Extension .
Requires Blockbuster Movielink Manager software .
How Much ?
No subscription plans .
TV shows to buy : $ 1.99 .
Movies to buy typically range from $ 7.99 to $ 19.99 .
( Though G.I. Joe : The Rise of Cobra is $ 21.99 , and that 's in SD . )
Movies to rent : $ 2.99 to $ 3.99 .
How to Get it On a PC ( not a Mac ) , the Blockbuster 2 Wire Media Point , TiVo DVRs , select Samsung HDTVs , Blu-ray players , and home - theater systems .
Some , but not all , movie purchases can be transferred to portable media players , but currently , the is the only supported device .
Boxee
The Numbers N/ A
The Upside Free , open source software works with Apple and Windows Media Center remote controls .
Streams your own content ( including music ) from your hard drive , network storage , or RSS feeds .
Supports HD .
Robust file - type support .
Integrates content from Digg , Flickr , Hulu , Last.fm , MLB , Netflix , Pandora , and YouTube , to name a few .
Facebook , Twitter , and Friendfeed integration .
Automatically downloads related artwork , reviews , and lyrics .
Expandable with apps .
The Downside Not terribly user - friendly .
Getting around the UI is n't easy , and many features are n't readily apparent .
But the next iteration , Boxee Beta , is launching in December and promises a revamped user interface and improved navigation .
Also ,
Boxee plans to release a so you can stream the site 's content to your TV without a computer .
How Much ?
Free
How to Get it On a PC , Mac , or Linux box , or on an HDTV ( if it 's connected to your computer ) .
Read our full review of .
Hulu
The Numbers More than 1,700 current primetime TV programs ; movie selection is slim and on the obscure side .
The Upside Content can be viewed in most flash - enabled browsers ; no software needed .
Programming includes popular shows like Family Guy , Glee , The Daily Show with Jon Stewart , and The Office .
Easy - to - navigate interface .
Channels are grouped by genre , such as Food and Leisure , Comedy , or Drama .
Downloadable Hulu Desktop software is available for PC , Mac , or Linux and lets you navigate with an Apple or Windows Media Center remote .
The Downside
It 's free , but you 'll have to watch commercials though it 's typically fewer than you 'll see on network television .
Hulu is all about TV :
The movie selection is thin .
( But you 'll find some fun titles like The Blob and Revenge of the Pink Panther . )
No HD ; resolution tops out at 480 p .
for content as soon as next year .
How Much ?
Free ( for now )
How to Get it On a PC , Mac , or Linux box , or on your HDTV ( if it 's connected to your computer ) .
Read our full review of .
Netflix
The Numbers : 100,000 movies and TV shows on DVD ; 17,000 streaming titles .
The Upside Clean , easy - to - navigate interface .
Various monthly plans let you rent DVDs or Blu-ray discs via mail and also stream content on your computer or your HDTV via several supported devices .
100 disc - shipping points in the U.S. , so most customers get their DVDs in 1 - 2 business days .
The Downside Subscription - based pricing means you 're in for at least $ 5 a month , but you can cancel at any time .
Watch Instantly movies are mostly Indie or Classic titles .
Microsoft Silverlight plug - in is required to stream to a computer .
Video resolution can be noticeably downgraded to suit your network 's bandwidth .
How Much ?
Subscriptions range from $ 4.99 to $ 16.99 per month ; pricing depends on how many DVDs you have out at one time .
All plans offer unlimited streaming , except for the $ 4.99 - a- month plan , which limits streaming to 2 hours per month .
How to Get it On a PC or a Mac , Roku Digital Video Players , TiVo DVRs , Xbox 360 , , Selected Insignia , LG , Samsung , and Sony Blu-ray players , and selected LG and Sony HDTVs .
Vudu
The Numbers 16,000 titles ( mostly movies ) , 2,300 in HD or 1080 p HDX .
The Upside Highest picture quality available from an Internet video - on - demand service .
Supports full 1080 p HD and 5.1 surround sound .
Offers adult content ( with parental controls ) .
Integrates YouTube , Picasa , Flickr , Pandora , and Rotten Tomatoes movie reviews .
i Phone app lets you rent or buy titles and download them directly to your Vudu box from your phone .
The Downside Hardware is required ; you can't watch content on a computer .
TV catalog is very limited , most of the content is movies .
1080 p ( HDX ) movies require download time and can't be watched instantly , but you can start downloads remotely from a Web browser .
No way to move content to a PC or watch on a portable device .
How Much ?
Cost of hardware plus rental fees ranging from $ 1.99 to $ 5.99 and purchase fees ranging from $ 12.99 to $ 19.99 .
How to Get it or VUDU XL set - top boxes , LG LH50 and PS80 HDTVs , , Mitsubishi Unisen Diamond 249 Series HDTV .
Broadcast Mobile TV
The Numbers N/ A
The Upside Some cell phones and the handheld let you take your TV on the road .
Access to full - length episodes on networks such ABC , CBS , and NBC , as well as Comedy Central , ESPN , MTV , and Nickelodeon .
The Downside
You need a signal to watch and coverage is only available in select cities .
Channel availability varies by provider and includes a mixture of live , simulcast , and time - shifted shows .
Only available on a limited number of devices ; you can only get on two phones , while is available on four handsets .
How Much ?
Varies by device .
The Flo TV Personal Television is $ 249 and costs $ 14.99 per month ( the first 6 months are free ) .
Verizon V Cast Mobile TV costs $ 15 per month on top of the monthly voice and data plan on the $ 199 ( with contract ) smartphone , for example .
How to Get it Flo TV Personal Television , supported phones from AT&T and Verizon Wireless .
Seeking healthful foods , Americans are eating more soy than ever .
But recent research with animals shows that consuming large amounts could have harmful effects on female fertility and reproductive development .
Soy is ubiquitous in the American diet .
Over a quarter of all infant formula sold is made with it , and the U.S. Food and Drug Administration promotes it in foods to reduce the risk of heart disease .
School lunch programs across the country are even adding soy to hamburger patties .
Many of soy ’s health benefits have been linked to isoflavones — plant compounds that mimic estrogen .
But animal studies suggest that eating large amounts of those estrogenic compounds might reduce fertility in women , trigger premature puberty and disrupt development of fetuses and children .
Although most studies looking at the hormone - disrupting properties of genistein , the main isoflavone in soy , have been conducted in rodents , many scientists believe the findings may be relevant to humans as well .
“ We know that too much genistein is not a good thing for a developing mouse ; it may not be a good thing for a developing child , ” said Retha Newbold , a developmental biologist at the National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences .
More definitive answers , she said , may lay ahead in future long - term human studies .
Soy consumption in the U.S. has skyrocketed since the early 1990s , with soy food sales climbing from $ 300 million in 1992 to over $ 4 billion in 2008 .
Clinical studies have shown that eating soy can lower cholesterol as well as the risk for certain types of breast and prostate cancer .
But Newbold and other researchers are not convinced that eating more soy is healthy for everyone .
Infants fed soy formula ingest six to 11 times more genistein on a bodyweight basis than the level known to cause hormonal effects in adults .
“ Giving an infant or child estrogen is never a good thing , ” said Newbold .
Though studies on the harmful effects of soy isoflavones in people have been limited and inconclusive , there ’s strong evidence from animal studies that genistein alters reproduction and embryonic development , according to Newbold , a co-author of two of the new rodent studies .
In some lab studies , animals were fed doses similar to what people might get from a high - soy diet , which would be roughly 25 or more grams per day .
Blood levels of genistein in people eating a lot of soy are generally in the range of one to five micromoles , or about one milligram of genistein circulating in the body of an average adult .
One study showed that genistein led to reduced fertility and abnormal embryo development in female mice .
They were fed one to ten micromoles in their drinking water for four days .
The highest doses were associated with fewer eggs that were successfully fertilized and increased cell death in developing embryos .
Wen - Hsiung Chan at Chung Yuan Christian University in Taiwan conducted the study , which was published in July in the journal Reproductive Toxicology .
In another study , young female rats were fed high , medium , or low doses of genistein .
Those fed the largest quantities from birth to weaning had reproductive effects later , including early puberty and irregular estrous cycles ( similar to the menstrual cycle in humans ) .
High doses also led to smaller litters .
The rats were tested before and during pregnancy , and then several generations of their offspring were examined .
The study , by a team including Newbold and Barry Delclos of the National Center for Toxicological Research , was published in the journal in April .
In male rats , high doses led to abnormal growth of breast cells , but did not cause cancer or the feminization of reproductive organs , according to another study by Newbold and others published in November .
In those two studies , the rodents were fed at least five times more genistein than the amount that people would be exposed to through food , supplements or infant formula .
Such a high dose was used because they wanted to test the effects of the maximum amount that could be ingested by the rats without severely limiting their ability to reproduce .
The growing body of research in recent years raises questions about possible risks to women trying to get pregnant , as well as to developing fetuses and infants who consume large amounts of genistein in formula , some researchers said .
The findings trouble Heather Patisaul , a developmental biologist at North Carolina State University , and others who study soy 's impact on development .
“ Our reproductive system and the rat reproductive system are n’t that different .
The same hormones are involved , " Patisaul said .
While any impacts on adult fertility are likely reversed by eating less soy , impacts on the reproductive tracts of infants could be permanent .
But to date , only one study has looked at the long - term effects of soy formula on reproductive development in people .
It found that women fed soy formula as infants had slightly longer periods and more menstrual cramping than those who were not fed soy formula .
Brain development , which begins in the womb and continues through puberty , also may be altered by estrogen in soy , Patisaul said .
It is controlled by a well - organized combination of genes and hormones .
Introducing compounds that mimic estrogen could throw off the balance , with long - term impacts on behavior and brain chemistry .
Studying the health outcomes of fetal or early infant exposure can be difficult , according to Benson Akingbemi , a developmental biologist at Auburn University .
Reproductive changes are often not apparent until adulthood .
Another difficulty is that infant formulas vary in isoflavone content depending on the type of soybean used and the conditions — such as soil type — that the beans were grown in , making dosage very hard to control .
In 2008 , the American Association of Pediatricians reviewed all current scientific studies of the effects of soy formula on infants .
There is no conclusive evidence that it harms infant development , reproduction or endocrine function , stated the American Association of Pediatricians .
Based on current research , “ no changes in infant feeding practices are recommended , ” wrote Haley Curtis , a scientific affairs specialist at the International Formula Council , in an email .
“ Infant formula is safe and nutritious . ”
But Akingbemi believes that limiting exposure would n’t hurt .
“ The current scientific evidence is n’t enough to say that exposure to these compounds is toxic , but we also ca n’t say with certainty that there is no effect , ” he said .
Some researchers believe that waiting for proof from long - term human data may come at a price .
Patisaul compares the effects of genistein to Bisphenol A , or BPA , the estrogenic compound found in plastic bottles that many scientists suspect can harm brain and reproductive development .
“ Genistein does the same thing and yet we are supposed to be eating tons of it because it ’s supposedly healthy — it just does n’t make sense , ” she said .
This article originally ran at Environmental Health News , a news source published by Environmental Health Sciences , a nonprofit media company .
Back in February I posted about a ruling by a 9th Circuit Court of Appeals judge regarding the offering of health benefits to the spouse of a lesbian employee in a decision it appeared would directly challenge DOMA .
Michelangelo Signorile points out some troubling activity on this case which was just written up in TIME :
" … it was actually going to happen until the White House , through the
Office of Personnel Management — headed by openly gay appointee , John
Berry — refused to comply and directed the health insurance carrier of
the employee not to proceed [ all bold below is mine ] :
The
order was not published , and garnered little or no notice at the time .
The Administrative Office of the U.S. Courts moved to comply with the
judge 's ruling , submitting [ federal employee ]
Golinski's insurance form
to Blue Cross Blue Shield , and the case would have probably gone away — had the Obama Administration not stepped in .
" After the AO submitted Ms. Golinski 's form , I thought this matter had concluded , " [ Judge ] Kozinski wrote .
" The
Executive Branch , acting through the Office of Personnel Management ,
thought otherwise .
It directed the insurance carrier not to process Ms .
Golinski's form 2809 , thwarting the relief I had ordered .
I must
now decide what further steps are necessary to protect Ms. Golinski and
the integrity of the Judiciary 's EDR [ employee dispute resolution ]
plans . "
Now Judge Kozinkski has ordered that OPM stop
interfering , demanding last week that the Obama administration comply
with his order .
The White House has a month to respond : " [ Judge Kozinski's ] order last week demanded that the executive branch
reverse course , and gave the Administration 30 days to enroll
Golinski's wife as her health - insurance beneficiary .
He made clear that
if it does n't , he 's ready to use the powers of his court to enforce his
decree . "
And the sadder " personnel " irony here , Signorile notes , is that the OPM is headed by John Berry , the highest - ranking gay official in the Obama administration :
" … the Office of Personnel
Management was ordered by the White House to refuse to give a lesbian
federal employees her court - ordered rights .
John Berry , as head of that
office , was thus apparently forced as an openly gay man to deny another
gay person , and the LGBT movement itself , of rights , even in the face
or a court order .
Is this how openly gay appointees must operate within
the Obama administration — not as advocates on behalf of civil rights
but rather as lackeys charged with blocking equal rights for their own
kind ? "
California Judge Challenging Obama on Gay Rights [ time ]
Did Highest - Ranking Gay Official Thwart Equal Rights ? [ signorile ]
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) -- Conservative columnist and former CNN " Crossfire " co-host Robert Novak has died after a yearlong battle with cancer , his family said Tuesday .
He was 78 .
Robert Novak was a syndicated columnist who was a regular on CNN for 25 years .
Novak died at home , over a year after doctors diagnosed him with a malignant brain tumor in August 2008 .
He was dubbed " The Prince of Darkness " by friends for his pessimistic persona , and he used the nickname as the title of his 2007 memoir .
However , Sam Feist , CNN 's political director , said the dour visage masked a " warm - hearted guy " who " cared a lot about the people who worked for him . "
Watch how Novak will be remembered »
" If you were a friend of Bob Novak 's , you could n't have a better friend , " Feist said .
Jim Walton , president of CNN Worldwide , said the network was saddened by the death of " a journalist of the old school , hard - working , practical and passionate about our profession . "
" From its earliest days and for some 25 years , Bob shared generously with CNN and with CNN viewers his authority , credibility , humor and towering presence , " Walton said in a statement .
" We 're grateful to have worked alongside him and send our respect and sympathy to his family . "
Novak was a veteran columnist for the Chicago Sun -Times and a regular commentator for CNN for 25 years , beginning when the network launched in 1980 .
For most of that time , he was a co-host of the political debate program " Crossfire . "
But he also hosted a show with his longtime column co-author , Rowland Evans , and appeared as a panelist on shows like " The Capital Gang " and on PBS ' " The McLaughlin Group . "
Novak got his first newspaper job in 1948 , when he was still in high school .
Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , R- Kentucky , said Novak had " the kind of keen insight that can only be gained through years and years of dedication to a craft . "
" He was a Washington institution who could turn an idea into the most discussed story around kitchen tables , congressional offices , the White House and everywhere in between , " McConnell said in a written statement .
Novak served in the Army during the Korean War before turning to the news business , eventually starting his column with Evans at the now - defunct New York Herald - Tribune in 1963 .
In 2003 , he found himself at the center of the scandal over the exposure of CIA agent Valerie Plame Wilson , when he published a column revealing her CIA status days after her husband challenged a key Bush administration justification for the invasion of Iraq .
While staunchly conservative , Novak opposed the invasion and was frequently critical of the Bush administration .
He cooperated with prosecutors and was not charged in the leak case .
The scandal ultimately led to the conviction of Vice President Dick Cheney 's chief of staff , Lewis " Scooter " Libby , on charges of perjury , obstruction of justice and lying to investigators probing the leak .
Novak later testified that the leak began with then - Deputy Secretary of State Richard Armitage and was confirmed by Karl Rove , who was then President George W. Bush 's top political adviser .
Both men cooperated with the investigation , and neither was charged .
iReport.com : Share memories of Novak
Novak was born to a Jewish family in Joliet , Illinois , on the outskirts of Chicago , but later became a devout Roman Catholic .
He took up skydiving in his early 70s and was a passionate sports fan .
He also once appeared as an extra in a Washington opera production .
In an editorial published with news of Novak 's death , the Sun - Times said Novak 's columns " were marked by his determination to dig out new information . "
" He combined that with sharp analysis , insightful commentary and passion about the issues facing the nation to emerge as a brawling contestant in the great national debates of his era , " the newspaper said .
Veteran Democratic consultant and on - air sparring partner James Carville said Novak " had the best sources in the Republican Party , " making his weekly column a must - read for political insiders .
" What you saw on television was an ideological guy , a fire - breathing right - wing guy , " Carville said .
But Novak " still had the sort of ethos of the reporter . "
Novak left the network in 2005 after an on -air blowup with Carville , who had been needling him over the CIA leak case .
CNN suspended Novak , who apologized for using the word " bullsh*t " on air , and he resigned at the end of the year .
" I want to thank CNN for making this network available to me for 25 years , " he said at the time .
" Never censored me once , ever , and I said some outrageous things .
And it was a wonderful opportunity for me . "
All About Robert Novak • Chicago Sun-Times • Valerie Plame
Women who are sexually satisfied are also happier , no matter their age , a new study suggests .
It 's not clear which causes the other , however .
You might be thinking , " Duh , better sex makes for a better mood . "
But in science , thinking something is true does n't make it so .
" A lot of the things we make assumptions about have never been documented , " said study researcher Susan Davis of the Women 's Health Program at Monash University , Australia .
While some might claim to have known a lady 's sex life can affect her quality of life , Davis says the link is not always taken seriously .
As such , when a guy cries " erectile dysfunction , " doctors are quick with prescriptions and advice .
But , the researchers point out , a woman 's sexual desire , and lack thereof , may garner quizzical stares or even a " Who cares , " Davis said .
Among the things scientists do know about women and sex : Women 's most common complaints involve sexual desire and interest , as well as pleasure and satisfaction , the researchers say .
The problems are often attributed to women 's busy schedules ( and so sex becomes another " task " ) ; discontent with their own bodies ; unwillingness to ask for what they want in bed ; and other factors .
At the end of the day , some women just settle for mediocre sex .
Whether boosting a women 's sexual pleasure has any impacts beyond the bedroom has remained less clear , scientifically speaking .
The new study , detailed in the October issue of the Journal of Sexual Medicine , suggests there is , in fact , a strong connection .
Strengths and weaknesses
The study does have its limitations , including a relatively small number of study participants ( nearly 300 ) .
In addition , the results only show a link between sexual satisfaction and overall well - being , but which factor ( if either ) causes the other can't be teased out by this study .
" The problem with interpreting this finding is that it is impossible to determine if dissatisfied women had lower well - being because they were sexually dissatisfied , or if the reverse is true , such that women who started with lower well - being tended to secondarily have sexual dissatisfaction , " said lead researcher Sonia Davison , also of Monash 's Women 's Health Program .
One big positive , the study was n't funded by a drug company , but rather by the National Health and Medical Research Council of Australia .
Plus , the effect found was large , and for post - menopausal women the difference in well - being between sexually satisfied and dissatisfied women was statistically significant .
For instance , among post - menopausal women , those who reported sexual dissatisfaction scored 10 percent lower on an established " well - being " scale .
Overall , the difference in well - being is similar to that found between healthy women and those with severe , chronic back pain , Davis noted .
Sexual stats
To get the scoop on the sex effects , Davis , Davison and their colleagues surveyed nearly 300 women ages 20 to 65 , with about half who were pre-menopausal and half post - menopausal .
More than 140 women reported they were dissatisfied with their sex lives , about equally split between the pre- and post - menopausal participants .
Over a 28 - day period , participants recorded their daily sexual events .
They also responded to questionnaires focused on well - being and sexual satisfaction .
The well - being scale included questions about anxiety , depression , cheerfulness , self - control , general health and vitality .
Post - menopausal women showed the greatest difference in overall well - being between the two groups , with sexually satisfied women scoring nearly 84 on the questionnaire compared with 76 for the dissatisfied group .
( Total points were out of 110 . )
For post - menopausal women , those whose sex lives were in the dumps scored on average lower on questions related to anxiety , depression , positive well - being ( cheerfulness ) and vitality .
Pre-menopausal women showed similar results , with the sexually dissatisfied scoring lower on vitality and positive well - being .
There was no real difference in other well - being factors , such as general health and self - control , regardless of age .
Beyond the bedroom
As for how sexual desire and pleasure can impact a woman 's well - being , Davis suggests several reasons , including the effect on a couple 's relationship and a woman 's self - esteem .
" They just do n't feel as good about themselves , " Davis said of women who lack sexual libido .
The results have various implications .
" The take - home message is that it 's an important issue for women to talk to their doctors about , and it's okay to talk to their doctors about , " Davis told LiveScience .
" And it 's an important issue for doctors to talk to their patients about . "
She notes that doctors who treat a woman for depression may want to ask her about sexual and relationship satisfaction .
That way , before writing out a prescription for an anti-depressant , a doctor could help the patient deal with an underlying issue with sex , Davis said .
Doctors might want to probe past the question of sexual intercourse frequency , the researchers point out , as both sexually satisfied and dissatisfied women may be equally likely to get intimate with their partners .
For instance , more than 90 percent of participants reported their sexual activity involved a partner , and was initiated by the partner at least half the time .
As such , women 's sexual activity may have been the result of their partner 's nudging or not - nudging as well as other factors not addressed in the current study , the researchers say .
" The fact that women who self - identified as being dissatisfied maintained the level of sexual activity reported most likely represents established behavior and partner expectation , " Davis said .
Posted by alicia on 21 Oct 2009 / 0 Comment
The calls of lawyer , activist , and writer Seyran Ates for a sexual revolution in the heterogeneous Muslim world may surprise many , particularly when the movement is commonly associated with free love , hippies , and public nudity .
In a recent interview with German magazine Spiegel , Ates begins with discussing what she means by this and her experiences that inspired her new book , Islam Needs a Sexual Revolution .
Things went downhill immediately , when Ates said that she based the term “ sexual revolution ” on
… Wilhelm Reich and his book about the sexual revolution .
I believe that the Islamic world must grapple with the consequences of rigid sexual morals , not unlike the way , as he describes , the Soviet Union dealt with its own circumstances .
Naming Wilhelm Reich as an inspiration for her cause is to me quite problematic .
A disciple of Freud , and a serial wife - cheater , Reich is known for his view that sexual repression is the cause of authoritative family and societal structures , and his study was borne out of his criticism against the fascist movement during his time in Germany , otherwise known as the Nazi party .
I do n’t know about you , but seeing similarities between conservatism in Muslim communities and Hitler ’s regime strikes me as a little essentialist and far - fetched on Ates ’ part–and that ’s putting it kindly .
As much as I welcome a more permissive attitude towards sexuality in Muslim communities , I doubt that a revolution can occur out of thin air .
In the West , the impetus for the sexual revolution came as a reaction from multiple directions : scientific ( the birth control pill ) , political ( the social paranoia of the Cold War ) , social ( the rise of the women ’s liberation movement ) , and economic ( more on this below ) .
This is where I have problems with what Ates means by a sexual revolution .
It is an ethnocentric construct that the Western world had a monopoly over .
And if we use the Western sexual revolution as a model , then simply place an Islamic label on it , we play by rules that were hardly faith - based to begin with .
Further , it ’s about re-asserting economic privileges that few ( in 1960s America / Europe ) had .
Translate that to the Muslim world ( in the East and West ) today , even fewer people will reap the joys of the revolution .
Why ?
Having a fulfilling sex life takes time and money–raising children , hire nannies , afford contraceptives or divorces–some things many in the middle class can enjoy .
It should not be just about access to sexual activity that Ates purports as a revolution , but about making economic sense out of sex .
The main reason why young people are less interested in marriage is because it ’s expensive .
Then Ates mentions prophets as role models :
SPIEGEL : Muhammad had a dozen wives .
Is he a role model ?
Ates :
When an Arab man needs a justification for having several wives , he says :
It was the same with Muhammad .
SPIEGEL : Christian men do n’t have that excuse .
Ates : No , but it ’s a shame that Christians worship such an asexual man .
Muslims are in a better position , in that respect , but this need of the man to have several women , legitimized by Muhammad , has led to a hidden and extreme sexualizing of Islam .
Saying that Jesus is less of a role model than Muhammad because he was seen as asexual is quite offensive .
Being a single prophet does not necessarily qualify as being asexual .
But most importantly , sexual freedoms include being both sexual and asexual ( celibate ) .
Sex is often overrated , while asexuality ( or lacking sexual desire ) is viewed as being less human–utter nonsense , in my opinion .
Ates asserts that the Muslim world to a large extent is monolithic , that Muslims the world over can relate to each other in all matters sexual .
And , yes , liberalism is not our best known trait .
Some live under extremely repressive regimes and others endure conservative laws and attitudes to a less extreme degree .
But within many Muslim communities , class disparity can mean a difference in sexual mores as different as night and day .
This goes back to the works of Reich , who saw that people from a working class background were the most sexually repressed and were most likely to obey authoritative regimes .
By overlapping Ates and Reich ’s arguments , one must assume that all Muslims are economically oppressed for a sexual revolution to happen which in my opinion is an unfair assumption .
I do n’t believe that a revolution can take place overnight , or through massive protests that Ates envisions .
A sexual revolution in a religious context cannot happen without first planting some seeds of change .
These seeds can come in the form of faith - based dialogue and rights - based legislation .
Also , better economic conditions mean that people can make better marital choices .
It seems clear that Seyran Ates takes her cause very personally , but in the interview she does not acknowledge enough the social and moral impact of sexual permissiveness that she is promoting , which is really the main concern of everyone involved in a “ sexual revolution ” .
This remains a big question mark for me , and I will watch carefully in the future for a sexual revolution spearheaded by Ates .
Muslimah Media Watch thanks Mohani Niza for the tip .
Editor ’s Note : Stay tuned tomorrow for Yusra ’s viewpoint on Seyran Ates and her sexual revolution !
Philadelphia , Pa. , Oct. 24 , 2009 – Born with a retinal disease that made him legally blind , and would eventually leave him totally sightless , the nine - year - old boy used to sit in the back of the classroom , relying on the large print on an electronic screen and assisted by teacher aides .
Now , after a single injection of genes that produce light - sensitive pigments in the back of his eye , he sits in front with classmates and participates in class without extra help .
In the playground , he joins his classmates in playing his first game of softball .
His treatment represents the next step toward medical science 's goal of using gene therapy to cure disease .
Extending a preliminary study published last year on three young adults , the full study reports successful , sustained results that showed notable improvement in children with congenital blindness .
The study , conducted by researchers from the University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine and the Center for Cellular and Molecular Therapeutics at The Children 's Hospital of Philadelphia , used gene therapy to safely improve vision in five children and seven adults with Leber 's congenital amaurosis ( LCA ) .
The greatest improvements occurred in the children , all of whom are now able to navigate a low - light obstacle course — one result that the researchers call " spectacular . "
" This result is an exciting one for the entire field of gene therapy , " said Katherine A. High , M.D. , co-first author of the study and the director of the Center for Cellular and Molecular Therapeutics , the facility that sponsored the clinical trial at The Children 's Hospital of Philadelphia .
High , an investigator of the Howard Hughes Medical Institute and a past president of the American Society of Gene Therapy , has been a pioneer in translational and clinical studies of gene therapy for genetic disease .
" This study reports dramatic results in restoring vision to patients who previously had no options for treatment , " said High .
" These findings may expedite development of gene therapy for more common retinal diseases , such as age - related macular degeneration . "
Although the patients did not attain normal eyesight , half of them ( six of 12 ) improved enough that they may no longer be classified as legally blind .
" The clinical benefits have persisted for nearly two years since the first subjects were treated with injections of therapeutic genes into their retinas , " said senior author Jean Bennett , M.D. , Ph.D. , F.M. Kirby professor of Ophthalmology at the University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine .
For Bennett , the results build on nearly 20 years of gene studies on hereditary blindness , starting with pioneering work in mice and dogs .
" These remarkable results , " she added , " have laid a foundation for applying gene therapy not only to other forms of childhood - onset retinal disease , but also to more common retinal degenerations . "
The study team reported their findings today in an online article in The Lancet .
" Children who were treated with gene therapy are now able to walk and play just like any normally sighted child , " said co-first author Albert M. Maguire , M.D. , an associate professor of Ophthalmology at Penn and a physician at Children 's Hospital .
" They can also carry out classroom activities without visual aids . "
Maguire and Bennett have been researching inherited retinal degenerations for nearly 20 years .
Leber 's congenital amaurosis , the target of this current study , is a group of inherited blinding diseases that damages light receptors in the retina .
It usually begins stealing sight in early childhood and causes total blindness during a patient 's twenties or thirties .
Currently , there is no treatment for LCA .
Walking along a dimly lit , simulated street route , the children were able to negotiate barriers they bumped into before the surgery .
Another child , who since birth , could only see light and shadows , stared into his father 's face and said he could see the color of his eyes .
Later they played soccer together .
Researchers from the University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine and the Center for Cellular and Molecular Therapeutics at the Children 's Hospital of Philadelphia have used gene therapy to safely improve vision in five children and seven adults with a rare form of congenital blindness .
Albert M. Maguire , M.D. , associate professor of Ophthalmology at Penn and a physician at the Children 's Hospital of Philadelphia ; Katherine High , M.D. , director of the Center for Cellular and Molecular Therapeutics at the Children 's Hospital of Philadelphia ; Investigator , Howard Hughes Medical Institute and Jean Bennett , M.D. , Ph.D. , professor of ophthalmology , at Penn are co-authors of the reversal of blindness in children study published in the Lancet .
The gene therapy vector ( shown ) used in the study was manufactured at the Center for Cellular and Molecular Therapeutics at the Children 's Hospital of Philadelphia .
( Photo Credit : Children 's Hospital of Philadelphia )
For children and adults in the study , functional improvements in vision followed single injections of genes that produced proteins to make light receptors work in their retinas .
The 12 subjects ranged in age from 8 to 44 years old at the time of treatment .
Four of the children , aged 8 to 11 , are the world 's youngest individuals to receive gene therapy for a non-lethal disease ( A fifth subject was 17 years old ) .
On the other end of the age scale , the 35 - year - old man and 44 - year - old woman are the oldest patients to ever receive gene therapy for retinal degeneration .
For the current human trial , the research team used a vector , a genetically engineered adeno - associated virus , to carry a normal version of the gene , called RPE65 , that is mutated in one form of LCA , called LCA2 , that accounts for 8 to 16 percent of all LCA cases .
Jeannette Bennicelli , Ph.D. , in Bennett 's laboratory , cloned the gene .
The clinical vector production facility at Children 's Hospital 's Center for Cellular and Molecular Therapeutics ( CCMT ) , directed by Fraser Wright , Ph.D. , manufactured the vector .
The clinical trial brought together subjects and scientists from two continents .
Five patients enrolled in the study were identified at the Department of Ophthalmology at the Second University of Naples , an institution with a long - standing program in researching inherited retinal diseases , under the supervision of Francesca Simonelli , M.D. Two children from Belgium were recruited through Ghent University Hospital , under the supervision of Bart Leroy , M.D. , Ph.D. Jennifer Wellman , of the CCMT , directed all local and federal regulatory interactions for the study .
Another co-author , Edwin Stone , M.D. , Ph.D. , Howard Hughes Medical Institute Investigator and director of the Carver Center , a genetic testing laboratory at the University of Iowa , identified and verified several of the disease - causing mutations in the study subjects .
In April 2008 , the current study team published encouraging preliminary results in the New England Journal of Medicine regarding three young adults , the first to receive gene therapy in this current clinical trial .
Those subjects showed improvements in their visual function in both objective vision tests and subjective reports by the patients themselves .
Patients who could only detect hand movements gained the ability to read lines on an eye chart .
After the first group of three young adults was treated safely , the study team extended gene therapy to five children from the United States , Italy and Belgium , in addition to four other adults .
Because animal studies conducted by Bennett and colleagues had shown that visual improvement was age - dependent , the researchers tested the hypothesis that younger human subjects would receive greater benefits from the treatment .
" LCA is a progressive disease , so if a treatment was possible , it was plausible to intervene before damage to the retina was severe , " said Bennett .
In all , 12 patients received the gene therapy via a surgical procedure performed by Maguire starting in October 2007 at The Children 's Hospital of Philadelphia .
For each subject , Maguire injected the therapeutic genes into the eye with poorer function .
There were three patient cohorts , receiving low , middle and high doses .
No serious adverse events occurred in any of the test subjects .
Starting two weeks after the injections , all 12 subjects reported improved vision in dimly lit environments in the injected eye .
An objective measurement , which measures how the eye 's pupil constricts , showed that all the subjects were able to detect significantly more light after treatment and also showed greater light sensitivity in each patient 's treated eye compared to the untreated eye .
In addition , before treatment , nine patients had nystagmus , an involuntary movement of the eyes that is common in LCA .
After treatment , seven of them had significant improvements in nystagmus .
Some of the most dramatic results , captured on video by the researchers , are apparent as subjects traverse a standardized obstacle course .
Before the treatment , the patients had great difficulty avoiding barriers , especially in dim light .
After treatment , the children navigated the course more quickly , with fewer errors than before , even at the lowest light levels .
Not all the adults performed better on the mobility course , and for those who did , the improvements were more modest compared to the children's .
" In follow - up studies , we will continue to monitor these patients to determine whether this treatment stops the progression of this retinal degeneration , " said Maguire .
" In the future , we hope to investigate whether other retinal disease will be amenable to this gene therapy approach . "
Source : University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine
Killer ’s pre-rampage behavior is completely at odds with the idea of him preparing to massacre more than a dozen of his colleagues .
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Friday , November 6 , 2009
The Empire strikes back – right when when public support for the occupation of Iraq and Afghanistan sinks to all time lows , an anti-war Islamic extremist with links to suicide bombers goes on a shooting rampage at a U.S. army base , reinvigorating support for the war on terror and demonizing opposition to it as anti-American extremism .
The scam would be believable if it was n’t so perfectly staged .
Without getting into convoluted conspiracy theories about mind control and whatever else , not that they are n’t without merit , the facts we already know about Hasan and his behavior prior to the deadly shootings just screams out “ patsy ” and “ set - up ” and almost exactly mirrors other terror scams the Empire has run in the past .
Just like the would - be liquid bombers that were supposedly planning on bringing down multiple airliners in August 2006 , who were caught on CCTV buying bulk supplies of cake in the very hours before the plot , Hasan ’s pre-shooting behavior contradicts completely the idea that he was preparing for a deadly rampage .
Shortly before the massacre , Hasan was caught on camera shopping at the convenience store located on the army base – laughing and joking .
Is this the behavior of a man psychologically readying himself for the high - intensity horror of gunning down dozens of his colleagues , or someone unaware of what was to follow ?
We learn that Hasan “ Showed no signs of worry or stress when he stopped at 7 - Eleven for his daily breakfast of hash browns , said Jeannie Strickland , the store ’s manager . ” ” He came in ( Thursday ) morning just like normal , ” she said , “ nothing weird , nothing out of the ordinary . ”
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
CNN feverishly seized upon the CCTV footage and began broadcasting it relentlessly because Hasan is seen wearing Arab garb and Muslim headdress , fitting the carefully pre-arranged stereotype perfectly .
The Smiling Assassin ?
Hasan ’s pre-rampage behavior is completely at odds with the idea of him preparing to massacre more than a dozen of his colleagues .
Just like the 7/7 bombing patsies who were filmed laughing and joking , getting into arguments and generally doing everything a terrorist would want to avoid , Hasan ’s pre-attack behavior should set alarm bells ringing .
Just like the 7/7 bombing patsies and the liquid bombing patsies , the description of Hasan by those reinforcing the official characterization of him as a vengeful jihadist is completely at odds with how his own family members described him .
Hasan ’s cousin laughed when an interviewer asked him if the shooter was “ violent . ”
“ He was just normal , loved sports , never got into trouble . ”
He said his family was “ shocked and baffled ” by the incident .
“ His parents did n’t want him to go into the military , ” Mr. Hasan said .
“ He said , ‘ No , I was born and raised here , I ’m going to do my duty to the country . ’ ”
The backdrop behind Hasan ’s alleged motive for the rampage also represents an inch - perfect staging for subsequent characterization of those opposed to the war on terror as lunatics , crackpots and extremists .
In the hours after the event , we were told that Hasan was upset about being deployed to Iraq at the end of the month .
This then mutated into the notion that Hasan was “ anti- war ” and later we were informed that he was “ facing an FBI investigation for expressing sympathy with suicide bombers . ”
The fact that this was known by authorities six months ago and still Hasan was not only allowed to remain at the Army base , but also invited to participate in Homeland Security exercises only raises more red flags .
( ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW )
Then the lurid details really began to pour in to reinforce the Islamic terrorist stereotype – Hasan screamed “ Allah Akbar ! ” before opening fire , he made “ outlandish comments concerning U.S. foreign policy . ”
As Michael Yaki highlights , the media characterization of Hasan as a Muslim terrorist was assumed by default , and almost from the first moment it seemed as though news anchors were reading from a script prepared well in advance .
“ Once the name of the protagonist was established , the blogs lit up and the talking heads immediately turned to the “ terrorist ” word .
Anderson Cooper repeatedly referred to Hasan as an “ American Muslim . ”
I somehow do n’t see Cooper referring to the Columbine killers , Dylan Klebold and Eric Harris as “ American Protestants . ”
Yet , front and center , the media began their speculation on whether Hasan was a “ recent convert ” to Islam , what websites he visited , and whether “ outside influences ” — code words for Imams and terrorist recruiters — had compelled him to walk onto the base and begin his shooting rampage .
Indeed , the media was playing {and replaying} up the fact that he was shown wearing “ traditional ” Arab garb earlier in the day as he bought some coffee , although other footage from the day before showed him wearing hospital scrubs — which thus far has never made the endless loop on CNN . ”
Pointing out the fact that every other killer in U.S. history was described as a “ mass murderer ” and not a terrorist , Yaki slams the media ’s contrived and “ implied presumption ( that ) Hasan appears to be terrorist unless proven otherwise . ”
Why were initial reports of three shooters reversed ?
Why were two alleged shooters taken into custody but quickly released ?
Was Hasan framed ?
When the dust settles on yesterday ’s tragic events at Fort Hood it may indeed turn out to be the case that Nidal Malik Hasan was a lone nut seeking to exact revenge for what he saw as perpetual war crimes being carried out against the people of Iraq and Afghanistan .
If that is the case , it does n’t make such crimes acceptable nor does it mean all people who oppose the war on terror are likely to go on a shooting rampage .
However , from all the evidence that has emerged thus far , and in comparing it with other terror scams in the past where patsies have been deliberately groomed and set up to be the fall guys for false flag attacks , everything we know about yesterday ’s events suggests that there is infinitely more to the story of Nidal Malik Hasan than meets the eye .
This article was posted : Friday , November 6 , 2009 at 6:36 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
A choose - your - own - adventure style book is a natural addition to the zombie genre , but Zombocalypse Now is a surprisingly zany entry .
Starring a snarky , chainsmoking stuffed bunny , the book pits you against mobsters , toothpaste executives , and zombified zoo animals .
Advertisement
When I first heard about Matt Youngmark 's Chooseomatic book , I fully expected I 'd get a fairly straightforward ( perhaps even perfunctory ) take on the zombie apocalypse where the only twist was the multithreaded , Choose Your Own Adventure - inspired storytelling layered over it .
It 's something we 've seen before ; last year , a pair of designers released a choose - your - own - ending film , The Outbreak , with a similar premise .
But I was pleasantly surprised when the book arrived and I found a pink , chainsaw - wielding bunny on the cover and a note inside warning me to avoid the zombie kitten .
Advertisement
Zombocalypse
Now does n't just feature a pink stuffed rabbit ; you are the pink stuffed rabbit , living in a world where stuffed animals walk , talk , and intermarry with the human population .
As the book opens , you are waiting on what is sure to be another atrocious online date .
And sure enough , when he or she shows up , they 're disheveled , glassy - eyed , lacking in hygiene , and mumbling something about brains .
You 've been on so many bad dates that it takes you a while to figure out that they 're undead , but soon enough , you 're up to your fuzzy elbows in the walking dead .
From here there are , of course , multiple paths your bunny self could take from here .
You could tag along with a renegade cop named Mittens ( who , despite the name , is not a stuffed animal ) .
You could visit your conspiracy theorist friend Ernie , who is convinced that the walking dead are powered by fluoride in the water .
You could try to strike out on your own and bash in as many zombie brains as you possibly can .
You just hope that the choices you make lead to your ultimate survival .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Spoiler alert : you usually end up zombie chow .
To get the full effect of Zombocalypse Now , you have to read through several of the plotlines .
Some are , admittedly , stronger than others ( there 's an oddly rushed one where you go all I Am Legend and start experimenting on the zombies ) , but taken together , the stories do form a cohesive narrative , and the logic from one plotline still holds true in the others .
For example , in several storylines , the zombies are unusually attracted to your car ( as in licking the windshields ) , and in one of threads , we learn exactly why .
The chilling and rather amusing cause behind the zombie outbreak is also key ; you learn about it in certain storylines , but it plays a significant role in others — including one ending where you mistakenly believe you 've survived .
Advertisement
Youngmark packs a lot of strange odds and ends into his zombie adventure , and cherrypicks references from a wide variety of genres : mob movies , cop dramas , the works of Stephen King , and The Postman , to name a few .
There 's even a moment where you let out the battle cry " Leeeeeeroy Jenkins ! "
The effect is over - the - top silliness , like someone set a particularly manic children 's book in the midst of a zombie outbreak .
Sure , it 's a bit on the fluffy side , but I found myself eagerly flipping back to try out different plotlines — at first to see if I could survive , then to root out some of the book 's more bizarre twists and turns .
It 's a satisfying way to spend a couple hours here and there , even if you do die most of the time .
And do watch out for that zombie kitten .
It 's a killer .
For some reason , Luke Wilson is taking AT&T 's side in the 3G coverage wars , appearing in a new ad that retaliates against Verizon Wireless ' stinging assault .
The ad arrived just as a U.S. District Court judged ruled that Verizon can keep airing its attacks on AT&T .
Unable to silence its biggest competitor , AT&T has no choice but to retort .
Unfortunately , the carrier ends up looking like the one kid on the playground who can't come up with a good “ yo ' mama ” joke .
First of all , why is Luke Wilson the spokesperson here ?
Does he have some deep understanding of mobile broadband that I 'm not aware of ?
Of course not , but in his 30 seconds of air time , all Wilson can manage are AT&T 's tired old PR bullets , plus one really weak insult .
Let 's go over those points , shall we ?
Nation 's Fastest 3G Network
Fine , but that wo n't help you in areas where there 's no 3G coverage , which is what Verizon 's been saying all along .
How about quantifying this claim instead of just repeating it ?
I 'd like to know what uses or in what situations AT&T 's extra speed will afford me , to the point that it 's preferable to more reliable overall 3G service .
Make the case to people who live in big cities .
Talk and Surf at the Same Time
This feature is not useful enough to deserve the second bullet point on Wilson 's list .
Maybe it 's just me , but usually I hold the phone to my ear when I talk .
When I 'm on speakerphone , it 's usually because I 'm driving or I just do n't feel like holding the phone .
Besides , browsing the Web during a conversation is kind of rude .
Besides , who says “ surf ” in relation to Web browsing anymore ?
Most Popular Smartphones
This needs to be singular , or explained better .
If we 're talking about the most popular smartphones exclusive to AT&T , that leaves the iPhone .
Blackberry phones are the most popular in the United States , but Verizon carries them , too .
And it 's got a relevant AT&T - bashing ad .
Access to More Than 100,000 Apps
This claim , of course , is entirely thanks to the iPhone , whose days on AT&T might be numbered .
Repeating “ We 've got the iPhone ” ad nauseam until it 's gone is not an effective marketing strategy .
Concession
At the end of the ad , Wilson concedes one point to the competition :
Their name “ starts with the letter ' V . ' ”
Wow , good one , AT&T .
Verizon , Berizon , the big fat Ferizon .
Next time , just pay Luke Wilson to call Verizon Wireless a poo-poo head and call it a day .
Sometimes genius looks like an elegant equation written in chalk on a blackboard .
Sometimes it ’s a hodgepodge of wires , canisters and aluminum - foil - wrapped hoses , all held together by shiny bolts .
Despite its homebrew appearance , this device , a scanning tunneling microscope , is one of the most extraordinary lab instruments of the last three decades .
It can pick up individual atoms one by one and move them around to create supersmall structures , a fundamental requirement for nanotechnology .
Twenty years ago this week , on Sept. 28 , 1989 , an IBM physicist , Don Eigler , became the first person to manipulate and position individual atoms .
Less than two months later , he arranged 35 Xenon atoms to spell out the letters IBM .
Writing those three characters took about 22 hours .
Today , the process would take about 15 minutes .
“ We wanted to show we could position atoms in a way that ’s very similar to how a child builds with Lego blocks , ” says Eigler , who works at IBM ’s Almaden Research Center .
“ You take the blocks where you want them to go . ”
Eigler ’s breakthrough has big implications for computer science .
For instance , researchers are looking to build smaller and smaller electronic devices .
They hope , someday , to engineer these devices from the ground up , on a nanometer scale .
“ The ability to manipulate atoms , build structures of our own , design and explore their functionality has changed people ’s outlook in many ways , ” says Eigler .
“ It has been identified as one of the starting moments of nanotech because of the access it gave us to atoms , even though no product has comes out of it . ”
On the 20th anniversary of Eigler ’s achievement , we look at the science , art and implications of moving individual atoms .
Moving Atoms
Watching researchers move atoms can be an unsettling yet wonderful experience :
It ’s hard to conceive that humans can manipulate things so small that they can barely be called “ things . ”
But the work environment is quite a bit more prosaic .
Today IBM researchers working on atomic science are housed in a cramped room noticeably lacking in flat - panel displays and personal supercomputers .
Instead they hunch over a PC running Pentium processors that were popular in the late 1990s .
The computer controls a multimillion dollar scanning tunneling microscope and moves its tip around .
Following the fuzzy , pixelized graphics on the monitor that shows the atoms , researchers can zero in on one individual atom , pick it up and drop it in a different location .
It ’s an experience that has what Eigler calls the “ boggle factor . ”
“ What hits you is the enormity of what you are doing in terms of building at an atomic scale , ” says Eigler in this video .
“ It ’s so far from what we could have conceived many years ago . ”
IBM spelled by positioning 35 Xenon Atoms .
Scanning Tunneling Microscope
At the heart of the atomic experiments is the scanning tunneling microscope that can not only take pictures of individual atoms but also build new structures using those atoms .
Two IBM scientists at the company ’s Zurich lab , Gerd Binnig and Heinrich Rohrer , created the first tunneling microscope in 1981 .
Six years later , the inventors won a Nobel Prize .
Here ’s how it works .
The microscope has a fine tip so sharp that it is just one of two atoms at the point .
The tip is brought very near to the surface of a sample .
An applied voltage will cause electrons to “ tunnel ” between the surface and the tip .
That means the electrons move beyond the surface of the solid into a short region in space above it .
Meanwhile , the tip slowly scans the surface of the sample at a distance equal to the diameter of a single atom .
Through the scanning process , the tip maintains the same distance and helps draw a profile of the surface .
A computer - generated contour map shows the atomic detail .
When the tip is brought close enough to the sample surface , a strong attractive force is present that can pick up an electron from the surface .
To deposit it in another region of the sample , a repulsive force between the tip and the atom is generated .
Eigler built a specialized version of this microscope .
His STM allows samples to be prepared and studied in an ultrahigh vacuum and at the temperature of liquid helium , which is just four degrees above absolute zero , or - 459 degrees Fahrenheit .
The low temperature keeps atoms from flying off the copper surface within the microscope .
“ Physicists have to do experiments that require design and building of entirely new instrumentation , something that never exists before , ” says Eigler .
“ It ’s part of their training . ”
Eigler built the first version of the microscope in about 14 months .
“ The actual microscope that moves the atoms is not very much larger ; it can fit into the palm of the hand , ” he says .
“ But it seems like a big machine because of everything else that was required to maintain very low vibration , high vacuum and excellent electronics to move the atoms . ”
Nobel laureates Heinrich Rohrer ( left ) and Gerd Binnig ( right ) of IBM ’s Zurich Research Laboratory are shown here in 1981 with a first - generation scanning tunneling microscope .
Fun With Single Atoms
Once IBM researchers had the ability to position individual atoms , they had some fun .
In 1993 , they spelled the Kanji characters for the word atom using iron atoms on a copper surface .
Researchers found it to be so much fun that they started leaving messages for their fellow scientists in the lab STM notebook .
Mornings would bring a new figure drawn with manipulated atoms .
In one case , a scientist manipulated carbon monoxide on a platinum surface , creating a carbon monoxide man who greeted his lab mates the next morning .
In 1996 , The researchers also created the world ’s smallest abacus with atoms .
The abacus was created out of 10 carbon atoms and was seen as a milestone in nanoscale engineering .
Moving the links of the abacus would n’t be easy and require the scanning tunneling microscope but with enough time and patience , it could be done .
The world ’s smallest abacus with atoms ( left ) , Kanji characters for the word ‘ atom ’ ( center ) and a carbon monoxide man were some of the pictures created by moving atoms .
Atomic Force Microscope
The successor to the STM is the atomic force microscope , which researchers use to measure the force needed to move individual atoms .
The atomic force microscope has a miniature “ tuning fork ” that measures the interaction between the tip of the microscope and the atoms on a surface .
When the tip is positioned close to an atom on the surface , the frequency of the tuning fork changes slightly .
This change in frequency is analyzed to determine the force exerted on the atom , which can be used for mapping the surface and moving atoms .
Eigler says the business of moving atoms around is fun and his work never gets boring .
“ I have developed an unexpected affinity for some of the most common things in the world , like rocks , ” he says .
“ The affinity comes from realizing that ’s what I am — just a bunch of atoms .
It ’s a difficult thing to talk about and explain , but it ’s a reaction that is deep , psychological and emotional . ”
The atomic force microscope has a tuning fork used to measure the force required to move an atom .
Implications for Nanotechnology
In the last few years , Eigler ’s group has built on his work and constructed custom molecules using the STM .
They have also constructed and operated an electrical switch whose only moving part is a single atom .
In the “ If you can read this , you are too close ” image , the letters are just 1 nanometer wide and 1 nanometer tall .
A measure of the impact of this work is in the number of experiments and technical papers today that use atom manipulation as one of their primary scientific tools , says Eigler .
“ If you think about it , this is not a manufacturing capability but a powerful technique in the laboratory , ” he says .
“ It lets us do those experiments that give us the knowledge that we would not get otherwise .
“ What ’s really exciting to watch is that with every passing week , month or year we end up with new discoveries due to our abilities to work with very small structures , ” says Eigler .
“ It ’s fair to anticipate that these will have a technological impact on people ’s lives very soon . ”
These words were created by laying carbon monoxide molecules on a flat copper surface .
All photos courtesy IBM
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Williams has confirmed that Rubens Barrichello and Nico Hulkenberg will be its two drivers next season , as AUTOSPORT predicted .
The signing of the duo means the team will have an all - new pairing for 2010 , as it also makes the switch from Toyota to Cosworth power .
Barrichello arrives at the team after a strong season for Brawn GP , where he fought team mate Jenson Button for the championship - taking two victories on the way .
AUTOSPORT revealed ahead of the Japanese Grand Prix that Barrichello was closing in on a deal to join Williams for 2010 - although a contract is only believed to have been finalised in the last few weeks .
Hulkenberg has been signed up on the back of an impressive season in GP2 , where he took the championship in dominant fashion .
The German has been Williams 's test driver since 2008 .
Williams believes that the mixture of experience and youth will provide the kind of combination it needs to make the push back to the front of the grid .
The team is chasing its first victory in Formula 1 since the end of the 2004 season .
Team principal Frank Williams said : " Rubens needs no introduction .
He is not only the most experienced driver in Formula 1 , but a passionate and talented driver who fought hard for the drivers ' championship this year .
" Nico Hulkenberg won the GP2 Championship this season as a rookie and has previously won the F3 Euro Series , A1 GP and Formula BMW Germany . "
The future of Williams ' 2009 drivers has yet to be confirmed .
Nico Rosberg is understood to have signed a deal with Mercedes - Benz to race for Brawn GP next year - but this will not be announced until the German car manufacturer 's future F1 plans have been settled .
Kazuki Nakajima has a troubled campaign with Williams , failing to score a single point all year , and he is not expected to find a berth elsewhere despite being part of Toyota 's young driver programme .
While Android 1.6 is still writhing around in amniotic fluid , BGR had the nerve to publish shots of version 2.0 " Eclair , " which does n't even have a formal due date yet .
They look great .
Sorry , 1.6 : I 'm already over you .
Advertisement
You 're best off trudging through the entire gallery here , since BGR has annotated every little shot with accompanying ( and sometimes subtle ) changes .
That said , here are some of the highlights ( keep in mind that some of these could be subtle features of Donut , or handset manufacturer add - ons — for all we know , this is Motodroid ) :
• The whole system feels much faster , especially the browser .
Apparently it renders about as fast as the 3GS 's , though part of that could be down to the hardware ( What is it , BG ? )
Advertisement
• The browser also gets double - tap - to - zoom ( some current ROMs already come with this )
• Facebook friends are integrated right into the contacts system
• Voice control has been scattered through the whole system , and even gets its own dedicated dashboard
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
• There 's an upgraded version of Google Maps , with layer support
• Native MS Exchange support
• A unified email inbox , for joining multiple accounts
• A YouTube homescreen widget , which enables two - click uploads
• A " Car Home " app offers larger shortcuts for functions you might need while driving , as well as easy access to voice control
Advertisement
There are plenty more little here - and - there adjustments , lots of which seem like they 're not quite finished .
In any case , the earliest we can expect to see this on a phone is when Motorola 's barely - not - mythical Sholes decides to materialize in store , which could be as soon as Christmas .
More shots at [ BGR ]
by Kelly Bearden
Eastern State Penitentiary was built in the early 1800s in Philadelphia on a Quaker ideal of actual penitence – the prisoners were in solitary confinement for the duration of their sentences , not allowed to read anything other than the bible ( not even letters ) , or speak or make a sound at all .
Originally built about a mile from the original center of Philadelphia , the prison walls were soon surrounded by a thriving neighborhood .
The last prisoner was moved out and the doors were finally shut for good in 1972 , leaving the huge structure to fall into ruin .
In the 1990s , the doors were reopened , this time for tours , and ESP is now a thriving museum and tourist destination .
The prison has not been refurbished , but simply stabilized – the museum itself considers the place a “ preserved ruin . ”
This is truly one the most beautiful and haunting places I have ever had the privilege of visiting .
The cellblocks were filled with the space of cathedrals , skylights replacing stained glass …
As a photographer , the light streaming through the “ Eye of God ” ( pictured above – each original cell had a small , private exercise yard and was lit entirely from a slitted sky - light ) was something that I was aching to capture on film .
The idea stuck in my head that for these prisoners – not being allowed to speak or hum or communicate in any way , never seeing another soul beyond the guards – who were not allowed to speak to them – the Eye of God was their only companion , the light from the sky the only thing to ground them in their humanity …. it was both a beacon of hope that something existed outside of their limbo , and a taunt that life existed without them .
Cellblock – Cathedral
Death Row Shower
Even here , the Eye of God is on you …
Cell interiors
Camera : Canon Rebel EOS Digital SLR
Location : Eastern State Penitentiary , Philadelphia , PA
For more work by Kelly Bearden , visit her personal blog .
Software Design Using C++
An Online Book
These tutorial pages and examples are in the process of being revised .
Currently , the revision has been completed only on the Introductory Topics section .
One of the main changes is to add some graphics / game programming types of examples using the Dark GDK .
There are many interesting things that can be done with this type of program !
Table of Contents
10 Most Successful Pirate Captains
Pirate top list
Famous pirate captains managed over their plundering careers to change the seas , driving fear into the hearts of not only merchants and sailors but also people living in large coastal cities that were often under the target of raiders .
The golden age of piracy which lasted between the middle of 17th and early 18th century saw several waves of new pirate fleets , and during that time numerous pirate captains managed to distinguish themselves by the amount of money they amassed , their battle ferocity , personalities , and even their theatricality .
All the names on this list deserve to be remembered in history as the leaders of the vilest pirate crews of all time which managed to successfully raid ships on the seas of Carrie bean , West Africa , and India .
No two pirate captains were the same , and they commanded anywhere between a single small ship to large pirate fleets .
While they managed to capture a lot of wealth , the fates of almost all of these pirate captains were sealed by authorities , leaving precious few to live to old age and enjoy their captured wealth in full .
10 . William Kidd ( Scottish , 1645 – 1701 )
William Kidd was famous Scottish privateer who has crossed the line into piracy .
Most of the pirate captain 's achievements came in his " legitimate days " while he was battling pirates and the French army in the West Indies .
Captain Kidd moved to the colony of New York when he was five - years - old , and when he was around 40s , Captain Kidd became an elite citizen and one of the best privateers in his time .
His remarkable success was the conquest of Mariegalante where Captain Kidd captured booty worth more than £ 2000 .
William Kidd's also started well when his new crew turned him into the pirate captain .
Kidd captured famous ship called the " Quedah Merchant , " but later he failed miserably .
Outrageous French buccaneer who was best known for his cruelties was also very successful as he captured many ships and raided numerous towns .
This pirate was probably one of the most successful captains who ordered land attacks .
He raided cities Maracaibo and Gibraltar in the Gulf of Venezuela and later with great sea-power and with over 700 buccaneers he quickly captured the port of Puerto Cabello .
Captain L'Ollonais died while attempting a raid on another rich town , San Pedro .
8. Blackbeard ( English , 1680 - 1718 )
Maybe Edward Teach aka Blackbeard was not as successful as other pirate captains on this list but his post - fame and his villain figure in today 's fiction made every one of his deeds look even more fascinating .
Blackbeard 's notable successes were capturing many ships including the " Concorde " that became his flagship " Queen Anne 's Revenge " and this vessel is perhaps most famous pirate ship ever .
This pirate captain also captured sloop " Adventure " and acquired sloop " Revenge " from pirate Stede Bonnet .
When his fleet was most potent , with four ships and up to 300 pirates , Captain Blackbeard defeated famous warship , HMS " Scarborough " in sea-battle as well as many other British ships throughout 1718 .
7. Henry Every ( English , 1653 - ? )
Captain Henry Every was a very successful pirate , in his time he was one of the most feared pirates of the Red Sea .
With his fleet of 5 ships and crew of very experienced pirates , he captured many ships including famous Grand Moghul 's " Gang - i - Sawai " .
However , the fact that he was very famous pirate captain and that he has managed to stay alive and retire peacefully is very rare achievement amongst pirates .
6. Cheung Po Tsai ( Chinese , Early 1800s - Mid 1800s )
Cheung Po Tsai , a fisherman 's son and a later pirate captain was best known and prosperous Chinese pirate during the 19th century .
In the height of Cheung 's power , his fleet counted an army of 20,000 men and several hundred ships .
Cheung Po Tsai collected enormous treasure that was later found in a small cave .
Today , that cave is named after him .
5. Peter Easton ( English , 1570 – 1620 )
Interesting fact about Peter Easton is that he is not well - known as other pirate captains on this list , despite all of his success .
Captain Easton was a servant of the English Crown , who turned to piracy .
He was best known as pirate captain who was never defeated by anyone commissioned to hunt him down .
His vast and powerful fleet counted 40 ships and over 1500 men in the height of his power .
Peter 's most significant victory came in 1610 in Newfoundland against Sir Richard Whitbourne 's fleet as he defeated 30 ships .
He also captured many prize ships including famous Spanish ship " San Sebastian " .
4. Sir Henry Morgan ( Welsh , 1635 - 1688 )
Famous fearsome captain , Henry Morgan was a pride of Great Britain .
Morgan success came when he arrived on Jamaica as England ’s naval soldier .
He made the first right step by joining a famous buccaneer , Captain Christopher Myngs in the conquest of Spanish colonies Vildemos , Trujillo , and Granada .
With his success and good connections on Jamaica , he quickly became the leader of Jamaican fleet .
With his new ranks Captain Morgan first successfully raided coast od Yutacan Peninsula and the wealthy town Granada in Central America .
In 1677 , he captured Puerto Principe in Cuba and straight after a well - guarded town Puerto Bello .
In 1669 , with he conquered the city of Maracaibo in Venezuela .
However , his biggest achievement was the capture of Panama City , one of the richest city of that time , with 1200 Buccaneers and 30 ships in truly epic battle .
3. Bartholomew Roberts ( Welsh , 1682 - 1722 )
Welsh pirate , Bartholomew " Black Bart " Roberts was probably last great pirate captain of Golden Age of Pirates but also the most successful one .
This cold - blooded pirate was best known for plundering more than 400 ships which is absolute record amongst pirates .
Captain Roberts burned or sold most of these vessels and only exceptions were superior ships such as two warships , both named " Royal Fortune " with 26 and 52 cannons and Royal Africa Company 's prize ship , the " Onslow " .
He died in legendary battle against British Government 's Captain Challoner Ogle .
2. Sir Francis Drake ( English , 1540 – 1596 )
Sir Francis
Drake was the most famous privateer and one of the most notable sailors in the history of the world .
Captain Drake played the most significant role in creating a role - model for pirates in the Golden Age of Pirates .
He was an English hero because of his achievements , however to Spaniards he was nothing but the most hated pirate captain as he devastated Spanish army on many occasions .
Drake ’s most famous conquest was on the port of Nombre de Dios in 1572 and ports of Santo Domingo and Cartagena in 1585 .
Captain Drake is probably even more famous for sailing around the world , and when he landed on Pacific coast of North America , he Claimed the land for the English Queen and called it Nova Albion or the " New England . "
1. Cheng I Sao ( Chinese , 1785 – 1844 )
Now merge all ships and vessels of previous nine pirate captains in this list , then gather all pirates and sailors they had , and you could n't have nearly enough power to beat a mighty fleet of beautiful captain , Cheng I Sao .
In the height of her power , former prostitute controlled more than 1,500 ships and had the manpower of 80,000 sailors which was one of the biggest naval armies in the history of the world .
This female pirate captain used her super large army for robbing and taxing towns and plundering ships throughout the coast of the South China Sea .
BEIJING – Chinese Foreign Ministry briefings are generally pretty dull affairs , the way such events are in many countries : reporters do their best to get the spokesman to say something newsworthy , and the spokesman does his best not to oblige them .
On Thursday , though , Qin Gang inadvertently broke the mold .
He said that Barack Obama , being a black president who admired Abraham Lincoln ’s role in abolishing slavery and preserving the Union , should sympathize with Beijing ’s opposition to the Dalai Lama .
He seemed to be making two points .
The first was that President Obama ’s skin color should make him especially sensitive to slavery ; the Chinese government refers to Tibetan society before Chinese troops took over Lhasa in 1951 as serfdom .
The second was that Obama should learn a lesson from Lincoln ’s opposition to secession , and support Beijing ’s opposition to the Dalai Lama , whom the government here accuses of “ splittism . ”
Leave aside the fact that the Dalai Lama has repeated until he is blue in the face that he does not support Tibetan independence – only autonomy .
Leave aside the fact that Obama has no slaves in his lineage .
The ministry ’s spokesman appeared to be trying to make foreign audiences believe that the Communist Party of China ( CPC ) is the moral equivalent of Abraham Lincoln , and that the Dalai Lama is a supporter of feudal serfdom .
Considering that most people outside this country ’s borders see the CPC as the ones restricting freedoms , and regard the Dalai Lama as a moral giant , Mr. Qin showed a lot of nerve .
Nerve is a valuable quality in a press spokesman , of course .
But Qin ’s allusions to US history also displayed a complete disregard for – or misunderstanding of – how most of the rest of the world views the Tibetan issue .
Given that the Foreign Ministry is meant to be the agency of the Chinese government that is best informed about the outside world , and given that its spokesman is meant to be one of its diplomats best qualified to win foreign reporters over , that is worrying .
From his expression , I think there 's a watch stuck up his ass .
# forza3
On these pages last week , Shane Fitzgerald , a young graduate of University College Dublin , wrote about the Government ’s failure to deliver on its promise of a bright future in Ireland for him and his generation .
Rather than draw the dole here , he left recession Ireland behind him – departing “ these bankrupt shores ” for London .
His experience rang true for many online readers , some of whom reacted with strong antipathy towards our politicians .
Here is an edited selection of how they see Ireland and its politicians .
JAY : BORN and educated in Dublin , I emigrated to Canada in my 20s after working around the British Isles for a few years after graduation .
My best advice , based on my very varied , interesting and relatively successful life filled with rich experiences and career choices , is to leave now and enjoy your life .
Ireland is a disaster .
It is sorely mismanaged and misruled and destroyed by its own absurdity .
There is corruption in the Government , banks , business , police , law , and even the Catholic Church ( Home Rule was certainly Rome rule ) .
And it seems we learn nothing .
The UK is also in dire economic straits and offers nothing much different from Ireland ( how could it ? ) , only with less corruption .
North America , New Zealand and Australia ( where I now live ) are all beautiful , and are happy to welcome people from our islands , their ancestral home .
It ’s all out there for you .
Go now while you are young .
Chris : I signed out of the country in the late 1970s .
And stayed out until the 1990s .
In many ways I regret coming back .
This is a very difficult country to try to survive in .
Everything seems stacked against the ordinary person .
We are expected to pay , pay , pay and get very little in return .
There seems to be one law for certain groups in society and a very different law for ordinary taxpayers .
At the moment I am looking down a very long , dark tunnel as I see no chance of Ireland being able to pull herself up by her bootstraps because we have an absolutely incompetent Government and a public sector which , in the main , is extremely selfish .
Worse than that , there are many in public sector who are willing to abuse their power to punish the private sector or those who have become unemployed .
I do n’t blame young people for leaving ; what incentive is there to stay ?
Even if they work hard all their lives and pay their taxes they will never attain the security or standard of living of the Nordic countries .
Waving goodbye to our young will become increasingly normal .
And once they experience the good life they most likely will not want to come back .
It seems to be Ireland ’s tragedy and her fate .
Pocaifolmha : Welcome to the diaspora , Shane , you have done just what the Brian Lenihans of this world wanted you to do : reduced the unemployment register and become a potential source of external revenue .
You are now a nonentity in the eyes of the Irish Government .
You do not have the right to vote and will be considered as a tourist in your own country .
This situation is not your fault but your parents and relatives may not have not helped by their complacency in voting for the crooks that run Ireland and not demanding change .
A country that continually loses its brightest and best will never make progress .
You and your friends should really be rioting in the streets like the French would but the Irish have been put down for so long there is no fight left in them .
Do n’t think that things will change in near future because if Nama floats it will at least 10 years before things improve .
Eamon3 : If it is any consolation to the class of 2009 , graduating earlier would not have been a panacea .
My son graduated in 2003 and spent over five years in excellent well - paid jobs , buying an apartment during the boom .
After spending the first two months of 2009 on the dole , he secured employment on the Continent .
Returning to Ireland is now something he hopes never to have to consider .
This is how our leaders can assert that the growth in unemployment is slowing down .
Catherine P: I am currently making plans to leave this country , with no hope of ever returning to live here .
I did not take part in any of the insanity of the last few years when I was working full time ; I have no debts or mortgage .
But I am one of the many that is paying the price .
I have seen precious little indication that the current Government or Civil Service have the interests of the country at heart .
All I have seen in the last 12 months is the usual self - involved behaviour that has become more endemic in this country .
There are people out there who genuinely want to make this a better country to live in , but there are more people in all sectors of our society who are so obsessed about their entitlements that any sense of social responsibility has long gone .
Paddy Behan : I left Irish shores two months ago now , along with my wife and five - month - old son .
I left a permanent teaching job in the heart of Kilkenny .
I was very happy and content , my wife sadly was not .
So , here I am now , no more that one mile from the beach , earning € 80,000 tax free a year .
My wife has a good job and is being treated with respect .
My son has his own nanny , at a fraction of the cost in Ireland .
Good , Catholic Ireland , eh ?
My advice is get out while you can .
The metaphor of rats leaving a sinking ship invades my mind every time I think of home .
Sorry , but that ’s the truth .
I wish you all the very best of Irish luck , whatever that means nowadays .
Penguin : What about those who voted these criminals into a position of power ?
Two years ago the electorate bought into the “ greed is good ” philosophy ( as in all recent Dáil elections ) and this is the result .
While I strongly sympathise with Shane , enjoyed his article , and might consider doing the same ( head for foreign shores ) were I his age , sometimes you just have to make a stand and say “ this has gone far enough ” .
Joe : I ’m planning on leaving soon .
Many of my friends have left already .
Australia , the US , parts of continental Europe .
Even Irish friends of mine are working in Eastern Europe .
All of them are having the time of their lives .
Ireland is a very complex country , regulated by a rigid , mostly unspoken ideology ; an ideology that looks confusing , contradictory and even idiotic to those who do n’t benefit from it , and as natural and as just as the holy law of God to those who do .
Ireland ’s future does not look very bright – but for myself and many others it ’s not our future , it ’s not our concern .
Sean Reynolds : The economy is in the toilet in my view , and will be for some time yet .
I graduated in 2008 and after a short part - time contract , Government cuts led to my peanuts job being cut while the “ higher - ups ” were insulated from cutbacks .
The Government has completely blown the benefits of the Celtic Tiger , and put nothing away for a rainy day .
I have zero faith in the Government , they do not understand the problems ordinary folk have and just do n’t seem to care .
While I would n’t find it easy to move abroad , it is something I am actively contemplating because this economy is wrecked .
Robert Browne : I have every sympathy with Shane Fitzgerald and the shame is clearly on our useless and utterly corrupt Government , aided and abetted by the likes of Ictu .
Lshields : Funny that Shane ca n’t say anything good about Ireland , but is still happy enough to take Irish Times money though .
Bobs : What a bunch of whingers , none of ye were crying when the money was coming in .
Nobody asked where it was coming from or how long it would last because in reality ye did n’t want to know .
Now it ’s all somebody else ’s fault – collective schizophrenia .
NEW YORK , Nov 27 ( Reuters ) -
The number of rigs drilling for natural gas in the United States rose by 22 to 748 this week , according to a report on Wednesday by oil services firm Baker Hughes in Houston .
The U.S. natural gas drilling rig count has gained in 15 of the last 19 weeks after bottoming at 665 on July 17 , its lowest level since May 3 , 2002 , when there were 640 gas rigs operating .
But the rig count is still down sharply since peaking above 1,600 in September of last year , standing at 695 rigs below the same week in 2008 .
Many gas producers have scaled back drilling operations with credit still tight and natural gas cash prices hovering near $ 3 per million British thermal units ( mmBtu ) , off more than 75 percent from July 2008 highs above $ 13 .
While drilling has dropped sharply over the past year , traders noted production has not slowed much , with recent government data showing gross August gas output in the lower 48 states up 0.8 percent from July and 0.4 percent above year - earlier levels .
Many traders agreed more rig cuts may be necessary to balance an oversupplied market , with gas inventories at record highs and demand , particularly from the industrial sector , still down sharply due to the recession .
( Reporting by Edward McAllister ; Editing by Marguerita Choy ) ( ( Edward.mcallister@thomsonreuters.com ; +1 646 223 6221 ; Reuters Messaging:edward.mcallister.reuters.com@reuters.net ) )
Fresh from a round of taking the fight to President Barack Obama , Saturday Night Live mocked conservative radio host Rush Limbaugh on Saturday ’s broadcast .
Comedian Bill Hader , reprising his role as Democratic Party strategist James Carville , told the SNL audience that Limbaugh is “ mean and fat . ”
Responding to “ Weekend Update ” host Seth Myers ’ question about Limbaugh ’s declaration that Obama “ sold out ” America to win the Nobel Peace Prize , Hader as Carville said : “ How does a fella like that have fans ?
Hey , you want to listen to this drug addict ?
Do n’t worry , he mean and fat . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Hader continued : “ How you gonna call him Rush ?
I mean , that ’s a terrible name for a slow fat man , Seth .
The only place he ’s rushing to is Quizno ’s , asking about free double meat and waving some coupon he made on a home computer .
He should win the Nobel pizza pie ! ”
Hader ’s Carville congratulated the president for his Nobel win —
“ Seems like everyone else forgot to say that .
The man won a Nobel prize .
That ai n’t his fault .
I mean , when I play Monopoly and I win a beauty contest , people do n’t yell , ‘ Hey , you ca n’t win that , crypt - keeper !
You ugly ! ”
This video is from NBC ’s Saturday Night Live , broadcast Oct. 10 , 2009 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
( Health.com ) --
Are you finally ready for some good news about the recession ?
As it turns out , a shaky economy might actually be good for your health .
In a bad economy , therapists often suggest taking control of things patients can , including eating right , exercising .
Although it seems hard to believe , a new analysis of the Great Depression -- the mother of all economic bad times -- suggests that mortality dropped and life expectancy increased during that period .
Researchers estimate that around that time , a year with a 5 percent drop in the gross domestic product was associated with a 1.9 - year gain in life expectancy , while a 5 percent rise in the GDP lowered life expectancy by about one to two months .
And it 's not just the Great Depression , says José A. Tapia Granados , M.D. , of the Institute for Social Research at the University of Michigan , Ann Arbor .
Past research has shown similar results -- at least a drop in mortality -- in periods of U.S. economic recession during the 1980s and 1990s , as well as in recessions in other countries , Tapia says .
Health.com :
How exercise may boost your mood
" In some sense it is good news , " he explains .
" The usual view of a period of recession is that everything is bad during these periods . "
In a study published this week in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , Tapia and his colleague Ana V. Diez Roux analyzed the economic growth and population health in the United States between 1920 and 1940 , including the years of the Great Depression , which lasted from 1929 to 1933 .
Life expectancy in general increased 8.8 years between 1920 and 1940 , but gains fluctuated with the economy .
Health.com :
Will your depression diagnosis protect you from employment discrimination ?
They found that mortality declined and life expectancy increased during the Great Depression , as well as in the recessions of 1921 and 1938 , compared with other years during that period .
Suicides did increase during the Great Depression , but they made up less than 2 percent of deaths during that time .
When the researchers looked at six other major causes of death -- including heart and kidney disease , tuberculosis , and traffic accidents -- between 1920 and 1940 , they noted that those causes all declined during recessions and rose during boom times .
( A similar pattern was found for child and infant mortality too . )
Health.com : Natural remedies for pain , sleep , PMS , and more
During the Great Depression , life expectancy increased from 57.1 years in 1929 to 63.3 years in 1933 , and nonwhites in particular showed large gains ; nonwhite males gained eight years in longevity during the Depression , increasing from 45.7 years in 1929 to 53.8 years in 1933 .
Although he did n't study homicide rates , Tapia says that some research suggests that homicides tend to drop during economic recessions .
Although it 's not clear why mortality rates might decrease during a recession , it is known that people tend to smoke and drink less , and they tend to eat out and drive less often , Tapia says .
Although these are often for purely economic reasons , it can translate into fewer fatalities , he says .
Another theory is that in poor economic times , people come together and support one another more than they do when an economy is roaring , according to Tapia .
Health.com :
How to recognize the symptoms of depression
" This would improve the level of social cohesion and social support and could have a protective effect on health , " he says .
Christopher Ruhm , Ph.D. , has conducted research on mortality during recent recessions .
He says the new findings are n't " out in left field " and are consistent with research in milder recessions .
However , the magnitude of the effect -- and that it appeared during a time of almost total economic collapse , not just a recession -- was unexpected .
" When you have the collapse of an economy , I would have thought there would be other things going on that are more than reversing that , " says Ruhm , a professor of economics at the University of North Carolina , Greensboro .
" The Soviet Union , when it broke up and the economy just collapsed , that was n't good for people 's health . "
Since doctors have made such strides with life expectancy in the past century ( we are now expected to live until 77.7 years of age in the U.S. ) , the economy may have a smaller impact on health than the gains seen in the new study , he says .
" In a modern economy , I would n't think you 'd see anything near that large , " Ruhm says .
His research suggests that for each percentage - point increase in the unemployment rate , mortality drops by half a percent .
" That 's a nontrivial effect , but in terms of major determinants of health , it 's not the dominant determinant of health or anything close to it , " he says .
Health.com : 10 things to say ( and 10 not to say ) to someone with depression
Ruhm says his research does n't provide any clues to coping with a job loss , but he has had people tell him they lost 30 pounds after being laid off because they stopped eating out and started exercising more .
" That 's just anecdotal evidence , but it turns out the data provide some support for that , " he says .
According to Ruhm , outplacement counselors and therapists often advise people to take control of things they can do something about , such as paying attention to what you eat , trying to be a little more active , or working harder to connect with family .
" At least the parts you can control , try to move those in a positive way -- and the data suggest that people actually do that , " he says .
Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com
Copyright Health Magazine 2009
All About National Economy
IBM Internal Document Outlines Knowledge of Planned Pandemic With 100 % Certainty
The document also describes " quarantines " and operational procedures to be taken upon the official announcements of the " pandemic " by the World Health Organization .
The foreknowledge of such an event could not exist , unless the pandemic was a planned event .
Certainly , this document is the  smoking gun " which demonstrates the current bird / swine flu " pandemic " is an orchestrated event leading to mass vaccinations sponsored by the WHO and UN .
This single document definitively proves there is international , corporate collusion behind the " bird / swine flu pandemic " and the intentional plan to create disease on a worldwide scale .
As evidenced by this document ( see below ) , IBM 's primary concerns are focused on maintaining their workforce , even under an official quarantine , and the continuation of sales and services to their clients .
IBM is considered to be one of the most powerful corporations in the world .
They and their subsidiaries helped create enabling technologies , step - by - step , from the identification and cataloging programs of the 1930s to the selections of the 1940s which designed complex solutions for Adolf Hitler during this period .
You can apply a simple search at www.ibm.com/us/en/ for additional documents .
Query [ pandemic 2006 ] or [ pandemic 2005 ] for dozens of relevant results on pandemic preparedness and planning .
Hired guards evict elderly Palestinian woman as settlers display what they say is a court order granting them ownership
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
Jewish settlers forced their way into a disputed house in east Jerusalem today , using hired guards to evict an elderly Palestinian woman and throwing out other residents ' belongings .
The settlers displayed what they said was a court order granting them ownership of the single - storey building .
Human rights groups said the takeover was part of a push by Jewish settlers to expand their presence in the traditionally Arab sector .
Palestinians and Israeli supporters clashed with the settlers after they took over the building , and police intervened to restore calm .
One Israeli protester was arrested , officials said .
Similar clashes have broken out over nearby buildings in recent months .
" It 's clear to me that this is another case of settlers taking the law into their own hands , " said Yehiel Grenimann , of Rabbis for Human Rights , an Israeli group that opposes Palestinian home evictions and demolitions .
" It 's just another step - by - step way of pushing them [ the Palestinians ] out . "
He said 29 members of the al - Kurd family lived in the house evicted today .
Some of them had settled there after they were evicted from another house in the same neighbourhood after the Israeli supreme court upheld the settlers ' claim on that building .
Conflicting claims and religious tensions make east Jerusalem a frequent flashpoint .
Palestinians want to make it their future capital , while Israel insists on retaining control of the whole city .
Israel has built homes for more than 180,000 Jews in new east Jerusalem neighborhoods since the area 's 1967 annexation .
The US and others have criticised Israeli settlement in east Jerusalem and urged Israel to stop evicting Palestinians and demolishing their homes , saying such moves disrupt peace efforts .
One of the core areas of practice at Williams , Kratcoski & Can , LLC is , and has been since our formation in 1950 , real estate law .
Our lawyers have extensive knowledge and years of practical experience in all aspects of real estate law .
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Bridgestone will withdraw from Formula 1 at the end of the 2010 season .
The Japanese tyre manufacturer announced its decision not to renew its F1 contract early on Monday morning .
Bridgestone Motorsport director Hiroshi Yasukawa said in a statement : " The decision made by the board of directors comes after considerable and lengthy evaluations and has been based on the company 's need to redirect its resources towards further intensive development of innovative technologies . "
Bridgestone had been a tyre supplier in Formula 1 since 1997 and had been the sole supplier since the beginning of the 2007 season , following Michelin 's departure , winning 156 of the 223 grands prix it entered .
" Our sincere appreciation is extended to Bernie Ecclestone and Formula One Management , the Formula 1 teams with whom it has been an honour to work alongside and the many F1 fans who have followed our activities over the past 13 years , " added Yasukawa .
Bridgestone will continue in its role as partner and tyre supplier to the GP2 Series and GP2 Asia Series , and will also continue as the sole supplier in MotoGP until at least 2011 .
The Mortgage Bankers Association released a grim report today revealing that nearly one in seven households with mortgages is behind on payments or already in foreclosure .
Last year , only one in 10 were behind .
Two years ago , the number was just 7.3 % .
We ’re now in what is clearly the second leg downward of the mortgage mess .
While the early days of the mortgage crisis were driven largely by people saddled with complex mortgages they could n’t afford to pay , now even homeowners with relatively sane mortgages are running into trouble as unemployment soars into the double digits .
In a rising housing market , joblessness does n’t necessarily trigger defaults .
In those situations , jobless homeowners can sell their homes and pay off the mortgage .
But with the home market still ailing and prices still falling in many areas , jobless homeowners are forced into short - sales and defaults .
Autism affects an estimated 1 in 150 children today , making it more common than childhood cancer , juvenile diabetes and pediatric AIDS combined .
Despite its widespread effect , autism is not well understood and there are no objective medical tests to diagnose it .
Recently , University of Missouri researchers have developed a pupil response test that is 92.5 percent accurate in separating children with autism from those with typical development .
In the study , MU scientists found that children with autism have slower pupil responses to light change .
" No comprehensive study has been conducted previously to evaluate the pupils ' responses to light change , or PLR , in children with autism , " said Gang Yao , associate professor of biological engineering in the MU College of Agriculture , Food and Natural Resources and the College of Engineering .
" In this study , we used a short light stimulus to induce pupil light reflexes in children under both dark and bright conditions .
We found that children with autism showed significant differences in several PLR parameters compared to those with typical development . "
In the study , scientists used a computerized binocular infrared device , which eye doctors normally use for vision tests , to measure how pupils react to a 100 - millisecond flash light .
A pupil reaction test reveals potential neurological disorders in areas of the brain that autism might affect .
The results showed that pupils of children diagnosed with autism were significantly slower to respond than those of a control group .
" There are several potential mechanisms currently under study , " Yao said .
" If these results are successfully validated in a larger population , PLR response might be developed into a biomarker that could have clinical implications in early screening for risks of autism .
Studies have shown that early intervention will improve these children 's developmental outcome . "
Yao 's study , completed with Xiaofei Fan , post - doctoral fellow at MU , Judith Miles , professor and William S. Thompson Endowed Chair in Child Health , and Nicole Takahashi , senior research specialist at MU's Thompson Center for Autism and Neurological Disorders , has been published in the Journal of Autism and Developmental Disorders .
In October , the scientists received a grant from the National Institutes of Health for the next phase .
For this study , the researchers hope to amplify the earlier study 's measurements and investigate any correlation between PLR and several other medical conditions that could be associated with autism .
Archived Releases :
Archived releases may be out of date .
See the project 's current website for the latest releases .
The government 's hardline stance on illegal drugs appeared to be unravelling yesterday as two more scientists on its advisory council quit in protest at the sacking of their chairman , Professor David Nutt .
Dr Les King resigned from the 21 - member Advisory Council on the Misuse of Drugs , saying Home Secretary Alan Johnson had denied Professor Nutt 's right to “ freedom of expression ” .
He was followed by Marion Walker , the council representative from the Royal Pharmaceutical Society .
There were predictions last night that more departures would follow .
Professor Nutt was forced to resign on Friday after he repeatedly criticised the government for ignoring scientific evidence on drugs presented by the council which he chaired .
Over the weekend , he predicted there would be further resignations and said most members were “ extremely angry ” over what had happened .
He added the position of scientists on the council was “ untenable ” .
The row was sparked by Professor Nutt 's comments that ecstasy and LSD were less harmful than alcohol and cigarettes .
He also criticised the decision to upgrade cannabis to class B .
He has returned several times to these themes in public statements , to the irritation of ministers .
Dr King , former head of the Home Office 's Drugs Intelligence Unit , said : “ Professor Nutt may be an adviser but he 's still got the right to say what he likes . ”
The government had the right to reject the council 's advice but its attitude towards the council had changed “ very recently ” .
The council was being forced to operate to a “ pre-defined political agenda ” , he said .
“ It 's being asked to rubber stamp a pre-determined position .
If sufficient members do resign , the committee will no longer be able to operate . ”
Lord Winston , the Labour peer and broadcaster and renowned former fertility specialist , said yesterday he was “ very surprised and disappointed ” at Mr Johnson 's decision to sack Professsor Nutt .
He accused the government of a “ knee - jerk ” reaction and warned it would be ignored if it gave advice to the public that did not take account of scientists ' opinions .
Defending his decision to sack Professor Nutt , Mr Johnson said he had “ crossed a line ” from providing advice to political lobbying .
“ You can do one or the other .
You can't do both , ” he said .
Sir Liam Donaldson , the government 's Chief Medical Officer , appeared to lend support to Mr Johnson 's view when he told BBC's Andrew Marr that Professor Nutt 's situation had been “ very controversial ” .
“ These things are best sorted out behind the scenes , ” he said .
Belfast Telegraph
Phthalates used in pharmaceutical coatings
Phthalates in antidepressant SSRI drugs
Macho Macho Man ! ( to quote The Village People )
Does taking the Pill make feminine men more attractive to women ?
Body care products are another source of phthalates
Drink from glass if you want to stay hormonally balanced
( Natural News )
In a bombshell finding that has far - reaching implications for society and culture , scientists at thehave found that phthalates -- the chemical found in many vinyl and plastic products -- tends to " feminize " boys , altering their brains to express more feminine characteristics .
The study has been published in the Phthalates are found in vinyl products ( including vinyl flooring ) , PVC shower curtains , plastic furniture and even in the plastic coating of the insides of dishwashing machines .
The feminization process happens during pregnancy when phthalate exposure causes hormone disruptions in the unborn baby .
This chemical feminizes males by disrupting the action of the hormoneIn this recent study , researchers found a strong correlation between the types of toys that male children play with and the level of phthalates found in their mothers when they were pregnant .
Researchers discovered that boys exposed to high levels of phthalates in the womb tend to avoid playing with cars , trains or toy guns .
They also avoided rough play , instead preferring more feminine toys and activities .
( Barbie ? ) What very few people know about phthalates is thatto create " enteric " coatings .
This means that many people taking certain pharmaceuticals are unknowingly .
If expectant mothers take such pharmaceuticals during pregnancy , they may then feminize their unborn male babies .
How do we know phthalates are used in pharmaceuticals ?
This Google Books link ( http://books.google.com/books?id=e7_Gpn5BgcY... ) shows a page from the In it , a recipe is given for manufacturing a .
The ingredients are : AcetonePurified waterHydroxypropyl Methyl Cellulose PhthalateVanillinAcetylated MonoglyceridesAlcohol
This combination of highly toxic chemicals is cooked , stirred and then used to coat pharmaceutical pills that people actually swallow !
Here 's a patent that describes the process in more detail :
These phthalate chemicals are also used in antidepressant drugs .
Here 's a patent that describes the process : " Controlled Release Compositions of an Antidepressant Agent " http://www.faqs.org/patents/app/20090130206
As the patent explains : Another section says : Now here 's the real kicker : This is supposedly to prevent " post - partum depression " but the real reason is because Big Pharma simply wants to sell more drugs and pregnant women are the next target on the list .
But taking these drugs results in toxic phthalate levels in the body that arethan a " normal " contamination level .
As this study published inexplains :
If expectant mothers are taking more antidepressants coated with phthalates that cause the feminization of boys , we are going to be looking atAlong with this mass feminization , you can expect to see dropping sperm counts ( already happening ) , increased infertility and the emergence of more feminine physical characteristics among men .
Many would say this hormonal shift is already underway .
If you look at the transformation of men in modern society over the last 50 years or so , there appears to be a measurable trend towards more feminine looks and behavior .
NaturalNews does n't judge this one way or the other -- it 's just an observation of a trend .
We all need to be mindful when discussing this topic due to potential issues ranging from male " femininity " to homosexuality .
There is no indication from this particular study that phthalate exposure in the womb tends to cause boys to adhere to any particular sexual orientation , but it 's probably a question that scientists will be asking :
Does exposure to hormone - disrupting chemicals tend to alter the behavioral sexual expression of developing babies ?
And if so , what 's " normal " anyway ?
Is it normal for boys to grow up playing with toy guns and fighting all the time ?
Some might label that an overly - aggressive expression of testosterone .
It is arguably too much testosterone that has landed our planet in a perpetual state of military conflict , after all .
Clearly , this research brings up some intriguing questions about nutrition , chemical exposure , sexual orientation and societal norms .
It all deserves a tremendous amount of thoughtful discussion .
In any case , there does seem to be a subtle shift taking place toward the feminization of men .
The full extent of the role of plastics chemicals in this matter has yet to be understood , but it certainly has an impact .
A recent 326 - page report from the State of Denmark , by the way , warns that today 's children are exposed to hundreds of " gender - bender " chemicals found in products like sunscreen lotions , moisturizing creams , rubber boots and bed linens ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/earth/earthcommen... ) .
The title of the article ?
" Why boys are turning into girls ...
" At the same time this is going on , there is evidence that women who take birth control pills also have their hormones unknowingly altered
Here 's a fascinating story on this very topic , with lots of example photos of macho men vs. feminine men :
As long as we 're on this touchy subject , I might as well mention that PETA recently ran advertisements claiming that hormones in animal products cause men to grow " man boobs . "
Their campaign slogan is , " Dude looks like a lady .
Lose the breasts .
Go vegetarian . " ( http://blog.peta.org/archives/2009/09/peta_e...
These are just a few examples of the complex issues that surface during any investigation of sexual expression , sexual orientation and the consumption of chemically - laced foods or medicines .
Clearly , , and today 's consumers are assaulted with a bewildering array of toxic chemical substances such as phthalates .
As it turns out , foods and pharmaceuticals may not be the only source of phthalate exposure you need to be concerned about .-- especially " baby " products such as baby shampoos , baby lotions and baby powders .
From Wikipedia
:
So even if your baby is born with a macho mustache and leather tool belt already buckled around his waist , exposure to phthalate chemicals in baby personal care products might disrupt his hormones and have aIt 's yet another reason to avoid all conventional personal care products .
( Phthalates are n't the only chemical contaminant found in those toxic products ... )
Phthalates are n't the only chemicals you need to avoid in plastics -- there 's also BPA ( Bisphenol - A ) .
To avoid such gender - bender chemicals , hormonally - aware men like Daniel Vitalis ( www.DanielVitalis.com ) drink only from glass containers .
They avoid plastics like the plague .
" When you drink bottled water , " Vitalis once told me , " you 're actually drinking a ' plastic tea ' beverage .
" And that plastic tea may very well disrupt your hormones , causing strange biological effects for both men and women .
Think about that the next time you pick up a bottle of water bottled by Coke or Pepsi ( Dasani or Aquafina ) .
If you want to protect your manliness ( or your womanhood ) , Doubly so if you 're a soon - to - be mom and you want your child to be born with unaltered hormone function .
For all the men out there , , since you never know what sort of bizarre chemical concoctions might be coating those pills .
Swallowing enteric - coated antidepressants may very well lead to the shrinkage of your precious man junk , causing even more serious depression !
Hernández - Díaz S , Mitchell AA , Kelley KE , Calafat AM , Hauser R ( February 2009 ) .
" Medications as a potential source of exposure to phthalates in the U.S. population " .
Environ .
Health Perspect . 117 ( 2 ) : 1859 . doi:10.1289/ehp.11766 . PMID 19270786
“ Credit Card companies were engaged in egregious practices , hiding fees and gouging families .
Now , despite promising they would n’t , they ’re gouging families again by trying to sneak rate hikes in before the law changes .
Credit Card companies were given a grace period with the promise that if they violated their end of the deal , the grace period would be closed .
Their deceit led to today ’s action in the House . ”
• Prohibits arbitrary interest rate increases and universal default on existing balances ;
• Prohibits issuers from charging over - limit fees unless the cardholder elects to allow the issuer to complete over - limit transactions , and also limits over - limit fees on electing cardholders ;
• Requires payments in excess of the minimum to be applied first to the credit card balance with the highest rate of interest ;
• Prohibits issuers from setting early morning deadlines for credit card payments ;
• Prohibits interest charges on debt paid on time ( double - cycle billing ban ) ;
• Requires issuers extending credit to young consumers under the age of 21 to obtain an application that contains : the signature of a parent , guardian , or other individual 21 years or older who will take responsibility for the debt ; or proof that the applicant has an independent means of repaying any credit extended ;
• Requires penalty fees to be reasonable and proportional to the omission or violation ;
• Requires that creditors periodically review all interest rate increases since January 2009 and reduce rates when a review indicates that a reduction is warranted .
Yesterday the House overwhelmingly passed -- though not without some tough fights -- Carolyn Maloney's H.R. 3639 , a much needed amendment to the Credit Card Accountability Responsibility and Disclosure Act of 2009 .
The idea was to establish an earlier effective date for the consumer protections inherent in the original bill .
The credit card companies were none too keen to see that pass ; let me come back to that in a moment .
First , yesterday 's vote .
It started with some procedural votes in the late morning wherein the GOP and some of the Boehner Boys on the other side of the aisle wanted to make a point to the banksters about whose side they 're on .
Every single Republican voted against allowing the bill to come up for debate .
They were joined by 6 Boehner Boys : Brian Baird ( D - WA ) , Baron Hill ( Blue Dog -IN ) , Frank Kratovil ( Blue Dog - MD ) , Walt Minnick ( Blue Dog - ID ) , Harry Mitchell ( Blue Dog - AZ ) and Gene Taylor ( Blue Dog - MS ) .
Late in the afternoon , the Republicans tried to kill the bill with a motion to recommit .
Two Boehner Boys ( Charlie Menacon and Michael McMahon ) and a Boehner Girl ( credit card company shill Stephanie Herseth Sandlin ) joined all but 6 Republicans .
They failed and the final passage was 331- 92 , almost half the Republicans finally abandoning their corrupt , bankster - lovin ' leadership to join every Democrat but Herseth Sandlin in passing a stinging rebuke to the bad - faith credit card companies who have been ripping off American consumers at an increased pace .
Leading the charge against consumers were a dozen Republicans who have taken some of the biggest and most outrageously blatant thinly veiled bribes from the banking sector : Spencer Bachus ( R - AL - $ 4,028,424 ) Eric Cantor ( R- VA - $ 3,623,035 ) John Boehner ( R- OH - $ 3,333,409 ) Pete Sessions ( R- TX - $ 2,891,140 ) Ed Royce ( R- CA - $ 2,794,049 ) Mike Castle ( R-DE - $ 2,592,612 ) Jeb Hensarling ( R - TX - $ 2,392,300 ) Geoff Davis ( R-KY - $ 1,724,689 ) Paul Ryan ( R - WI - $ 1,703,845 ) Jim Gerlach ( R - PA - $ 1,673,752 ) Judy Biggert ( R-IL - $ 1,673,717 ) Ron Paul ( R- TX - $ 1,669,327 ) OK , as promised above , here 's what this is all about .
When Congress passed legislation last April to put an end to abusive practices by credit card companies against consumers , the banksters begged for more time to implement the changes smoothly .
Although progressives warned that the banksters had already proven themselves completely untrustworthy , Congress gave them a deadline of February 2010 before they would have to stop charging retroactive interest rates , excessive fees and penalties and all the kinds of skullduggery they have been using to commit legal highway robbery against hapless customers .
Breaking their promises to Congress , many of these slimy banksters then started taking advantage of the implementation reprieve by significantly increasing rates on cardholders and systematically ripping off consumers .
Barney Frank , chairman of the House Financial Services Committee , aware of the record of malfeasance of many of these bad - faith players , warned them when the bill originally passed that “ if the banks , the credit card issuers , use the time between now and the effective date in a way that is abusive of customers , if they use the time not simply to get ready for the change which they say they need but if they use the interim period to raise rates on people retroactively and to do other things that are abusive , to me that will be a very strong argument for speeding up the date .
" And they did .
So yesterday he made good on his warning .
The credit card companies , he railed on the House floor , " have retained the right unilaterally and retroactively to raise the interest rate on what you already owe them .
It is the single unfairest economic transaction I can think of that does n't involve a pistol .
The fact is , they decide that they can make more money that way .
And we are told they have to deal with risk management .
What 's the risk management on debt already incurred on the part of someone who has always made the payments ?
This is n't risk management , it is hostage taking .
" Alan Grayson backed up the decision to end the grace period that the credit card companies used to further rip off consumers :
" The credit card companies brought this on themselves .
Instead of preparing to end all of their tricks , they used the time we gave them to accelerate their abusive practices .
” Another Blue America favorite , Michigan freshman Gary Peters -- also a member of the Financial Services Committee -- was equally outspoken about how untrustworthy the banksters have been in this matter .
The provisions below are what paid - off shills like Eric Cantor , Mike Castle , Judy Biggert and Paul Ryan tried to prevent from taking immediate effect today :
Labels : Barney Frank , credit card companies , House Financial Services Committee
Its creators claim that it is the future of film - making , leading the way to a brave new world of stereoscopic cinema .
And yet , as the hype continues to build around the James Cameron 's upcoming Avatar , one lone voice has dared to break from the script .
On the contrary , it says , Avatar is " literally vomit inducing " .
Hollywood gossip site gawker.com has published an anonymous early review from what it claims is " a real live entertainment worker " , comprehensively panning the film 's storyline and visual techniques .
It seems safe to assume that none of the review will be quoted on the movie poster .
Budgeted at a reported $ 237 m ( £ 143 m ) , Avatar is Cameron 's first dramatic feature since the record - breaking Titanic , back in 1997 .
The film is a science - fiction fantasy set on a verdant planet called Pandora and following the adventures of a US Marine played by Sam Worthington .
Cameron shot the film on his own patented " fusion digital 3D camera system " and experts argue that the results take 3D techniques to a whole new level .
It is set for worldwide release on 17 December 2009 .
The reviewer , however , begs to differ , describing the film as " alienating "
and " weird " .
Moreover , he / she argues that its pioneering visual technology
is liable to induce nausea in the viewer .
" The problem is with cutting in
between 3D focus points and perspective , " the mystery critic writes .
" The
mind cannot adjust to it without a buffer – thus , Avatar is literally vomit
inducing . "
Even the review 's praise comes with a sting in the tail .
" There are some
beautiful moments [ in the film ] , " it concedes .
" But overall it 's a horrible
piece of shit . "
Location : Sharon , Oklahoma , USA
This little beastie showed up on my front porch this summer .
We looked all over for his people , but could n’t find anyone missing a kitten and there are no other Siamese around here .
Our best guess is he rode home with us from somewhere under the hood of the truck .
After a good flea bath and ear cleaning ( ear mites … yuck ! ) he has settled in quite nicely .
He now has a new best friend , Murphy , who he likes to wrestle with , and lots of wiggling toes to attack .
He has a thing about water , and ca n’t stay out of sinks and bathtubs .
He ’s a very good boy .
La principale mission d’une agence de communication est d’améliorer et de maximiser le plan de communication des collectivités ou des entreprises .
Par conséquent , elle coopère dans la mise en œuvre d’une stratégie de communication imparable et lucrative .
Elle donne des conseils en communication externe et interne .
S’agissant de la communication externe , elle fait la promotion de l’image de l’entreprise .
Concernant la communication interne , elle a recours à divers supports pour communiquer [… ]
In the past few days , many users of the iPhone and Gmail Push service through active sync have been reporting that it is not working .
A large Google Mobile Help thread has dozens of posts from unhappy Gmail users .
Google confirmed the issue and blamed the iPhone OS 3.1.2 build , which was out just about a month ago .
So I am not sure why people are beginning to complain now .
Robin from the Google Mobile team confirmed the issue and wrote a few responses in the thread .
They include :
We 're aware of some issues with Gmail sync and are working to resolve them .
OS v. 3.1.2 has broken a few things on our build , and we 've also had a bug with certain formatting characters in email that has caused sync to stop altogether .
We 're working on to get a fix out for these items first , and can then start troubleshooting other possible causes .
While 3.1.2 has been a source of problems , there are a few issues across other platforms and OS version as well that we 're working on .
A number of bugs have been fixed over the past month , so it 's unlikely that the source of your problems then is the same as it is now .
Also , many folks have been able to sync just fine - sometimes it's a matter of sorting out setup issues and other device - specific variables .
We 're trying to fix the main bugs that we know about first and then can dive into the 1:1 troubleshooting .
Andrew554321 , I did want to address your question about Google Apps .
Push email is not currently covered by the Google Apps Premier Edition SLA : http://www.google.com/a/help/intl/en/admins/sla.html
While we do apologize for any disruption , please keep in mind that this is a Beta product that was just recently released ; you are of course welcome to go back to IMAP or however you were checking your Gmail before implementing Google Sync .
Otherwise , we hope you 'll stick with us as we are actively trying to resolve these issues !
Yes , Google Sync uses Microsoft 's Mail for Exchange , which is a separate protocol from IMAP and will thus behave differently .
There 's no link between these services , other than the fact that they can both access your Gmail and that Google does n't control the protocal for either of them :P
So , if you pay for the Google Apps premier , you are out of luck .
Gmail push for the iPhone is a beta product and is thus not covered .
Forum discussion at Google Mobile Help .
His hunting credentials include pheasant - seeking missions to Wiltshire with Jeremy Clarkson , and trigger - happy deliberations with the chef Marco Pierre White moments before they despatched a deer .
But now AA Gill , the outspoken restaurant critic and self - appointed arbiter of British culinary standards , might have just taken a pop too far with a column revelling in the demise of his latest gunshot victim – an entirely inedible African baboon .
Writing in yesterday 's Sunday Times Style Magazine , Gill described a trip to Tanzania where , driven by the urge to embody a " recreational primate killer " , he shot the ape during a safari .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
" I know perfectly well there is absolutely no excuse for this , " he said .
" Baboon is n't good to eat , unless you 're a leopard .
The feeble argument for cull and control is much the same as for foxes : a veil of naughty fun . "
The comments , which to his critics will smack of Oscar Wilde 's famous quotation about fox - hunters ( " the unspeakable in pursuit of the uneatable " ) , have angered animal welfare charities , which yesterday branded the act " utterly morally reprehensible " .
Douglas Batchelor , chief executive of the League Against Cruel Sports , said : " There is no excuse for taking potshots at such endangered species .
The vast majority of people in this country find trophy - shootings of this sort absolutely despicable . "
In Gill 's column , written as a set - up to preview The Luxe restaurant in London , he described baboons as " no stupider than Piers Morgan " .
" They see you , they sod off , in great gambolling gangs , babies riding mums like little jockeys , " he wrote .
" And they stand around on rocks and bark like Alsatians . "
But a spokesman for the International Fund for Animal Welfare said the incident highlighted the growing perception of Africa 's baboons as vermin or problem animals .
" We are working to shift this perception and are completely opposed to the act of cold killing , which is especially rife among farmers in Africa , " he added .
Mr Batchelor went even further , saying : " Baboons might not be in the same league as endangered elephants but that 's not the point .
Even if the world was overrun with such animals , it is not for a journalist to make the call of culling them .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
" Management of animal populations should be left to people with specialist skill and knowledge , and not to restaurants critics with nothing better to do with their time . "
Gill has often used hunting as the theme for his columns .
In an article last year , he described an incident with Marco Pierre White in which both he and the English chef deliberated about shooting a deer , an act he described as " Ray Mears directed by Quentin Tarantino " .
" So I kill him and gut him , and sling the cadaver into the back of the Land Rover , " Gill wrote .
" But because Marco 's going on a bit , I forget to puncture the diaphragm and six pints of gelatinous gore empty into the back .
Mr Ishi has to hose it out .
He drives me back to London in silence , occasionally muttering :
The blood .
The blood . "
In a column in 2003 , Gill wrote : " Somebody asked me what I was going to do in Scotland .
Stalking , I said .
' Oh , how exciting .
Who ? '
' Who ?
No , I 'm shooting . '
' Ooh , with a long lens ?
I suppose it 's Balmoral .
You journalists are real scum . '
' No , no , I 'm stalking deer and shooting them with bullets .
' Oh God , not Bambi 's mother ?
' No , no , of course not – Bambi's absentee father . ' "
Since the Government criminalised fox - hunting in 2004 , hunt groups have reported higher attendances than ever .
More than 100,000 people are estimated to have taken part since the ban was implemented .
A spokesman for the RSPCA also condemned Gill 's actions but said it could not act against him because the shooting took place beyond its UK jurisdiction .
Gill could not be reached for comment yesterday .
But the last word could be left to Clarkson , who once wrote : " Morally reprehensible ?
Oh yes – but when you 're out there on a chilly day with a bellyful of sloe gin and you blow a high bird clean out of the sky with a single shot , it awakens the hunter - gatherer that lurks in all men . "
AA Gill : Collected wisdom
" In the range of things you can be good at , being a food or TV critic is not way up there .
But it 's a talent and I 'm quite good at it .
Can anyone do it ?
Is everyone 's opinion worth the same ?
No .
My opinion is worth more than other people 's . "
" [ Gordon ]
Ramsay is a wonderful chef , just a really second - rate human being . "
On an overly - attentive waiter in a French restaurant : " I would n't have been at all surprised if he 'd added that the salt had been shaved from the pudendum of Lot 's wife . "
" We all know the Welsh are loquacious dissemblers , immoral liars , stunted , bigoted , dark , ugly , pugnacious little trolls . "
On the Isle of Man : " The weather 's foul , the food 's medieval , it 's covered in suicidal motorists and folk who believe in fairies . "
" I do n't like the English .
One at a time , I do n't mind them .
I 've loved some of them .
It 's their collective persona I can't warm to : the lumpen and louty , coarse , unsubtle , beady - eyed , beefy - bummed herd of England . "
On TV show Countdown : " A displacement activity for lives circling the plughole . "
" The Albanians are short and ferret - faced , with the unisex stumpy , slightly bowed legs of Shetland ponies . "
when you do n’t have anything nice to say …
We 're told to be civil and careful when addressing anti-vaccines activists .
But the anti-vaxxers seldom share the same view of dealing with experts and critics .
Illustration by Erik Anderson
You know you live in a slightly schizophrenic culture when after watching hours of pundits yelling at each other or news channels trying their hardest to stir up confrontation and controversy , you immediately get messages about the values of being nice , calm and civil .
If you only formed your opinion of Americans from watching TV , you ’d probably think that we ’re either in dire need of anger management or shy little milquetoasts with nothing in between the two extremes .
In reality , sometimes you have to be nice and accommodating .
In other cases , a dive into the crossfire with guns blazing is fully warranted , as it is with anti-vaxers who spread dangerous and pseudoscientific rumors and concoct elaborate conspiracy theories about routine vaccination programs .
This is why I was rather confused by Annette Cardwell ’s column about deciding to have her kids undergo the full regimen of vaccinations after reading Wired ’s long overdue rebuttal to the dangerously misguided anti- vaccine hysterics of Generation Rescue and autism quacks .
But it ’s not her internal debate that struck me as odd because I ’m well aware of how many parents are worried about the health of their kids .
It was her review of the article ’s tone accented with an appeal to civility in a field where there ’s seldom any to be found …
The story also shows that the problem with the anti-vaccine message is that it ’s not just about skepticism , which is of course healthy ; it ’s really about fear of what might do your child harm versus what actually will .
It says that we ’re letting that fear of being bad parents overtake what we should really fear : the diseases themselves . [… ]
Obviously , this story treads into extremely controversial territory with guns blazing .
And maybe that aggressive , often - belligerent tone was what I needed to take a close [er ] look at my own beliefs .
I realized that a lot of my concern over vaccines was based on others telling me what I should think .
She hits the issue right on the head .
Vaccines have been studied for almost a century and the one in a million risk of a potential reaction to a vaccines ( which has also been well studied and can be handled by experts ) is far lower and far less dangerous than what could happen should your child contract polio , diphtheria , mumps , or measles .
Let ’s remember who the real villains are here .
It ’s the diseases themselves and if someone tells you that they pose no threat , they ’re either lying to you or have no clue what they ’re talking about .
I ’m happy I got my vaccinations including one for smallpox and I do n’t want to hear anything from the anti-vaxers about how it could ’ve killed me or crippled me for life .
Most of them are not doctors and those who are , are raking in piles of cash promising fake cures for autism and “ vaccine injuries ” in spite of giant volumes of studies saying they ’re wrong in their approach , diagnosis and treatment .
And yes , I ’m writing this in an angry , possibly belligerent tone .
But why should I be nice to ignoramuses who ’s blind faith in conspiracy theories , or total lack of medical knowledge , or just plain old greed , put lives at risk ?
You would n’t be nice to someone who advocates drunk driving , would you ?
And lest we forget the reaction of the anti-vaxers to the article in question .
Raw , blistering fury , complete with disgusting misogyny from one of the leaders of the anti-vax movement , a nasty piece of work named J.B. Handley .
I know people like Handley very well .
They ’re businessmen who rather than realizing their talents as strategists and managers , consider themselves to be geniuses and when alerted to the fact that they ’ve started poking into an area they know very little about , they respond with bragging and brazen anti-intellectualism .
In fact , here ’s a quote of his to David Gorski , an actual , trained doctor who speaks about the vaccine manufactroversy from years of experience and study .
Those of you who looking for civility in discourse , look away now …
You ’re right , I ’m very envious of your position as Assistant Professor , I have always aspired to be an “ Assistant ” anything .
Is that North of piss boy ?
There ’s a number of words for people like J.B. and knowledgeable , reasonable or civil are not the ones which come to mind .
Did he finish medical school ?
Is he a scientist ?
No .
He has nothing but contempt for them as elitists and intellectual bullies , and exhibits the kind of cartoonish attitude towards academia you expect from right wing talk show hosts .
But hey , he made some money as a businessman so this must make him better .
And we ’re supposed to be nice to someone like this when he declares a holy war on modern medicine ?
He ’s basically the medical world ’s version of Ken Ham and his chest pounding about being a great businessman with lots of street smarts does n’t magically give him the knowledge scientists need years to master .
It makes him an angry ignoramus prone to temper tantrums and with an inferiority complex he shields with his rage .
An Icelandic firm that offers private DNA testing to customers has filed for bankruptcy in the U.S. , raising privacy concerns about the fate of customer DNA samples and records , according to the Times of London .
DeCODE Genetics , a genetics research firm , began offering personalized DNA testing through its deCODEme website two years ago .
A customer mails in a sample taken from the inside of his cheek , and the service calculates the subject 's genetic risk for disease – cancer , diabetes , Alzheimer 's , heart disease .
The company has n't disclosed how many clients signed up for its service , but provides a number of customer testimonials on its site , including Dorrit Mousaieff , Iceland 's first lady .
The staff of the Martha Stewart show also got their DNA tested earlier this year by deCODE when the company 's founder , Dr. Kari Stefansson , was featured on the show .
DeCODE warned investors earlier this year that it was running out of money , and filed for bankruptcy in Delaware this week .
Saga Investments , a U.S. venture capital firm , has already put in a bid to buy deCODE 's operations , including the deCODEme business , though the sale of the operations must still undergo a public auction .
The company told the Times that Saga would be bound by deCODE 's privacy agreements with customers , which prohibits the disclosure of customer data to third parties such as insurers , employers or doctors .
But privacy advocates are concerned that Saga , whose primary interest is bottom - line profits , will opt to sell subscriber data – possibly in an anonymized form to researchers and pharmaceutical companies .
Academic researchers have shown that anonymized data can be correlated with other data to identify people .
Helen Wallace , of GeneWatch UK , told the Times that the issue illustrates how customers that provide data for one purpose can never be certain how it might be used .
“ This clearly introduces a layer of uncertainty beyond what people expected when they signed up , " she told the Times .
" People do need to double check what they are signing up to .
These companies often use broad consent , and I worry whether people know what their data might be used for in the long term . "
Photo : hibiotech
See Also :- Medical Records : Stored in the Cloud , Sold on the Open Market
Brad DeLong has long argued against the fears that we could head into something like the Great Depression .
But now the UC Berkeley economist has turned a bit bearish on the economy .
From DeLong :
For 2 1/ 4 years now I have been saying that there is no chance of a repeat of the Great Depression or anything like it -- that we know what to do and how to do it and will do it if things turn south .
I do n't think I can say that anymore .
In my estimation the chances of another big downward shock to the U.S. economy -- a shock that would carry us from the 1/3 - of - a- Great - Depression we have now to 2/3 or more -- are about 5 % .
And it now looks very much as if if such a shock hits the U.S. government will be unable to do a d----- thing about it .
DeLong thinks that Democratic deficit hawks and Republican anti-stimulus politicians will effectively prevent the government from doing anything to ameliorate a deteriorating economic situation .
What ’s more , outrage against the bailouts coming from the left and the right will prevent the Obama administration from orchestrating anything like we saw last fall .
“ So if another big bad shock hits the U.S. economy , what could the Obama administration possibly do ? ” DeLong asks .
UPDATE : Thanks to a tip from Willis Eschenbach , there ’s some developing news in that story from Dr. James Hansen .
The Salon interviewee and book author , Rob Reiss that I quoted , now admits he somehow conflated 40 years with 20 years , and concedes that Dr. Hansen actually said 40 years for his prediction .
However , as the newest analysis shows , it does n’t make any difference , and we still are n’t seeing the magnitude of sea level rise predicted , now 23 years into it .
See the relevant excerpt below :
Michaels also has the facts wrong about a 1988 interview of me by Bob Reiss , in which Reiss asked me to speculate on changes that might happen in New York City in 40 years assuming CO2 doubled in amount .
Michaels has it as 20 years , not 40 years , with no mention of doubled CO2 .
Reiss verified this fact to me , but he later sent the message : “ I went back to my book and re-read the interview I had with you .
I am embarrassed to say that although the book text is correct , in remembering our original conversation , during a casual phone interview with a Salon magazine reporter in 2001 I was off in years .
What I asked you originally at your office window was for a prediction of what Broadway would look like in 40 years , not 20 .
But when I spoke to the Salon reporter 10 years later probably because I ’d been watching the predictions come true , I remembered it as a 20 year question . “
Source : this update on Dr. Hansen ’s personal web page at Columbia University .
In my story , below , I quoted from Reiss here in the Salon interview .
So I ’m happy to make the correction for Dr. Hansen in my original article , since Mr. Reiss reports on his original error in conflating 40 years with 20 years .
But let ’s look at how this changes the situation with forty years versus twenty .
Per Dr. Hansen ’s prediction in 1988 , now in 2011 , 23 years later , we ’re a bit over halfway there … so the sea level rise should be about halfway up the side of Manhattan Island by now .
How ’s that going ?
Are the predictions coming true ?
Let ’s find out .
Let ’s look at the tide gauge in New York and see what it says .
Here ’s the PSMSL page http://www.psmsl.org/data/obtaining/stations/12.php
You can see the terrifying surge of acceleration in the sea level due to increasing GHGs in the 20th century .
Willis downloaded and plotted the data to see what the slope looked like , and then plotted a linear average line .
Here it is overlaid with the Colorado satellite data .
Note the rate of rise is unchanged :
And add to that , the recent peer reviewed paper from the Journal of Coastal Research that said : “ worldwide - temperature increase has not produced acceleration of global sea level over the past 100 years ”
As of this update in March 2011 , we ’re 23 years into his prediction of the West Side Highway being underwater .
From what I can measure in Google Earth , Dr. Hansen would need at least a ten foot rise in forty years to make his prediction work .
See this image below from Google Earth where I placed the pointe over the West Side Highway , near the famous landmark and museum , the USS Intrepid :
The lat / lon should you wish to check yourself is : 40.764572° - 73.998498°
Here ’s a ground level view ( via a tourist photo ) so you can see the vertical distance from the roadway to the sea level on that day and tide condition .
Sure looks like at least 10 feet to me .
According to the actual data , after 23 years , we ’ve seen about a 2.5 inch rise .
There ’ s still a very long way to go to ten feet to cover the West Side Highway there .
To reach the goal he predicted in 1988 , Dr. Hansen needs to motivate the sea to do his bidding , he ’s gonna have to kick it in gear and use a higher octane driver if he ’s going to get there .
– Anthony
The original story is below :
===========================================================
The news today from the Pew Institute tells us that many Americans are backing away from the predictions of catastrophic climate change .
This may be because many predictions simply have n’t come true .
Most , if not all , WUWT readers know Dr. James Hansen of GISS .
He ’s credited with jump starting the debate in 1988 with his now famous “ sweaty ” testimony before Congress in June 1988 .
See more about the stagecraft of that event here .
Readers might be tempted to think that I ’m going to point out the discrepancies between the three different model scenarios that Dr. Hansen presented to Congress in 1988 , as shown below .
But these model projections are very well known .
I ’m talking about something else entirely .
In Dr. Hansen ’s case , he ’s been living the life of a scientist in the media spotlight since , giving thousands of interviews .
He ’s also taken on the role of activist during that time , getting himself arrested this year for obstructing a public highway .
He likely does n’t remember this one interview he gave to a book author approximately 20 years ago , but fortunately that author recounted the interview on Salon.com .
What is most interesting about this particular Hansen interview is that he dispenses with the usual models and graphs , and makes predictions about what will happen in 20 years to New York City , right in his own neighborhood .
Sea level figures prominently .
Here ’s the interview .
In a 2001 interview with author Rob Reiss about his upcoming book “ Stormy Weather ” Salon.com contributor Suzy Hansen ( no apparent relation to Jim Hansen ) asks some questions about his long path of research for the book .
One of the questions centered around an interview of Dr. James Hansen by Reiss around 1988 - 1989 .
Red emphasis mine .
Extreme weather means more terrifying hurricanes and tornadoes and fires than we usually see .
But what can we expect such conditions to do to our daily life ?
While doing research 12 or 13 years ago , I met Jim Hansen , the scientist who in 1988 predicted the greenhouse effect before Congress .
I went over to the window with him and looked out on Broadway in New York City and said , “ If what you ’re saying about the greenhouse effect is true , is anything going to look different down there in 20 years ? ”
He looked for a while and was quiet and did n’t say anything for a couple seconds .
Then he said , “ Well , there will be more traffic . ”
I , of course , did n’t think he heard the question right .
Then he explained , “ The West Side Highway [ which runs along the Hudson River ] will be under water .
And there will be tape across the windows across the street because of high winds .
And the same birds wo n’t be there .
The trees in the median strip will change . ”
Then he said , “ There will be more police cars . ”
Why ?
“ Well , you know what happens to crime when the heat goes up . ”
And so far , over the last 10 years , we ’ve had 10 of the hottest years on record .
Did n’t he also say that restaurants would have signs in their windows that read , “ Water by request only . ”
Under the greenhouse effect , extreme weather increases .
Depending on where you are in terms of the hydrological cycle , you get more of whatever you ’re prone to get .
New York can get droughts , the droughts can get more severe and you ’ll have signs in restaurants saying “ Water by request only . ”
When did he say this will happen ?
Within 20 or 30 years .
And remember we had this conversation in 1988 or 1989 .
Does he still believe these things ?
Yes , he still believes everything .
I talked to him a few months ago and he said he would n’t change anything that he said then .
I ’ve saved the Salon.com web page as a PDF also , here , just in case it should be deleted .
So not only did Dr. Hansen make the claims in the late 1980 ’s , he reaffirmed his predictions again in 2001 .
The scenario of the interview with Dr. Hansen looking out his window and describing the changes he envisions 20 years into the future is very plausible .
As we established yesterday , Dr. Hansen ’s NASA GISS office at 2880 Broadway in NYC , has a view of the Hudson River .
Here ’s a Google Earth street level view of 2880 Broadway :
Using Google Earth , I can actually fly right up to ( what I think is ) Dr. Hansen ’s window and recreate the view .
( Note to anyone who worries , this info about the location is public domain information , published on the NASA GISS office website )
First let ’s establish the location in traditional downlooking map style view at put Dr. Hansen ’s line of sight on the image :
Here is a close in view , from further east on 112th street , just behind the GISS building looking northwest to the Hudson river .
Google ’s 3D buildings feature is used to recreate the buildings :
Here ’s what the view from Dr. Hansen ’s window at GISS looks like :
And finally , here is the view from the Hudson , looking back to the GISS building :
In the recounting of the interview by Rob Reiss , Hansen makes several claims about trees , birds , police cars , and crime .
I ca n’t comment on those as I have no data .
What I can comment on is this prediction by Dr. Hansen :
“ The West Side Highway [ which runs along the Hudson River ] will be under water . ”
As you can clearly see in the Google Earth images , the West Side Highway remains dry and open .
Sea level ( at which the Hudson River at that point becomes ) is not encroaching on the highway .
Note the date on the Google Earth timeline toolbar in the upper left .
The aerial imagery was taken approximately 20 years later , on May 12th , 2008 .
So much for local climate change predictions by the leading global authority on climate change .
Even if we give Dr. Hansen the benefit of 30 years , I ’ll point out that satellite measured rate of change of global sea level has slowed significantly in the last few years , and is not likely to rise enough to meet Dr. Hansen ’s prediction even 30 years out .
See this story .
In fact using the University of Colorado interactive sea level plotting tool , we can see virtually no trend in the last 20 years :
You can reproduce it here at sealevel.colorado.edu
I wonder what Dr. Hansen thinks when he looks out that window today ?
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
' When you 're writing a song , it 's like you 're the director , scriptwriter , cinematographer , everything .
You 're trying to create this little world , and although that 's liberating , it 's also a real head scratch .
When you 're just coming up with one part of the process , it 's liberating in another way . "
Alison Goldfrapp is trying to explain , I suspect to herself as much as anyone else , why she and her musical partner , Will Gregory , spent most of the summer frantically writing the score for Nowhere Boy , Sam Taylor - Wood 's biopic of the young John Lennon , when every shred of common sense suggested they should have been finishing the next Goldfrapp record instead .
" It 's enjoyable and fascinating to try and complement something that already exists , " she continues .
" You 're doing something in parallel .
It 's a weird space to get into , but really interesting . "
Not only is the space " weird " , it 's increasingly full of pop stars taking a busman 's holiday .
Yeah Yeah Yeahs '
Karen
O composed the music for Spike Jonze 's forthcoming adaptation of Where the Wild Things Are , Nick Cave and Warren Ellis have composed the score for the film adaptation of Cormac McCarthy 's novel The Road , while Badly Drawn Boy ( Damon Gough ) has written the soundtrack to Caroline Aherne 's new full - length feature The Fattest Man in Britain , which airs on ITV over Christmas .
Even Jarvis Cocker made a humble offering to Wes Anderson 's Fantastic Mr Fox .
The duo behind Goldfrapp initially got involved in Nowhere Boy as a favour .
" Sam asked if we could help , " says Gregory .
" They were tearing their hair out trying to get the edit right , so we gave them a scattering of little things on the proviso that if it worked , great , if not , no problem . "
Their involvement grew until they found themselves completely committed to the film :
" We were slightly freaking out because we were in the middle of our own album , but it seemed too good an opportunity to miss . "
Karen O , meanwhile , used to go out with Jonze , and the two remain friends , but " in the end I was there for one reason , " she says .
" To make music for a beautiful movie based on a seminal children 's book . "
Gough – who was specifically targeted by Aherne and her collaborator , Jeff Pope – says he was " chuffed " to be asked to contribute to the story of a tragically obese man who has n't left the house for 22 years .
He recognised an affinity with Aherne 's work .
" Sad but uplifting is my genre , too ... I cried halfway through the script .
I stopped , picked up my guitar and wrote the first theme . "
Although there 's next to no money to be made in writing for film , and all along the line the musician 's vision is subordinate to that of directors , editors and producers , the chance to be a mere cog in a much larger machine seems to offer welcome relief from the essentially solipsistic nature of songwriting .
All that autonomy , freedom of expression and relentless self - analysis can be burdensome .
The call from Aherne rescued Gough from a three - year period of acute self - consciousness following his last record , Born in the UK , during which he had avoided the studio entirely .
Writing for film was a way to escape the inside of his own head .
" One of the hardest things as an artist or musician is that you 're expressing yourself , and you sometimes feel you 're not ready to do that , " he says .
" When something like this comes along , you can detach yourself from it emotionally .
I felt attached in many ways , but when you 're writing music for someone else , you can step back .
Basically , it 's not about me – that 's what makes it easier .
Trying to please other people is different and enjoyable . "
The compositional process is often less about literally matching each note to the action on the screen , and more about capturing a sense of the underlying atmosphere and emotion .
Karen O and her collaborators , a scattering of US indie - rock alumni , would convene each day in a " rundown studio in Echo Park , LA , and more or less improvise music based on my gut reaction to raw footage we were given by Spike " , she says .
" The process was all over the place , orchestrated in a free - form , very informal way .
The best music came out of working towards a specific emotional theme – say , Max 's longing and isolation – rather than a specific scene .
It 's the closest thing to method acting , getting to dangerous and vulnerable feelings . "
Nowhere Boy , on the other hand , was " very much about understatement , " says Goldfrapp .
" It 's an intense drama , and we tried to underscore the moods and tensions of this dysfunctional family in a way that did n't get in the way .
My personality is n't present .
There are vocals , but used to give femininity to the character of [ Lennon 's mother ] Julia . "
A vital aspect of getting the music right was pointedly ignoring the elephant – or rather , the walrus – in the room .
In the case of Nowhere Boy , " we wanted to avoid [ the Beatles ] at all costs , " says Gregory .
" Some chord sequences came out and it was like , ' Oh no , that 's All You Need Is Love , is n't it ?
We can't have that !'
It 's not about the Beatles , it 's very much about an adolescent who is the young John Lennon but does n't have that clear musical identity yet . "
The democratic necessity of film - making may be a worthy and rewarding one , but it brings major creative compromises .
" The most beautiful piece of music , if it does n't fit the picture , bye bye , " sighs Gregory .
He recalls one memorable screening when " suddenly we were face - to - face with all the strange bods , executive producers , and they all had opinions " .
" But they were all really bloody good opinions , and they really know their stuff , " Goldfrapp chips in .
" We heard some horrendous stories , about some guy who worked on a film for two years , slogging his guts out , and then got sacked .
By comparison , we had an amazing time .
They could hear what we were trying to do and trusted us . "
Nowhere Boy is a low - budget , independent Brit - flick .
Gough 's experience writing the soundtrack for About a Boy , the 2002 adaptation of Nick Hornby 's novel , starring Hugh Grant , was rather different .
Packing his anorak and tea cosy hat and heading to Hollywood , he admits he was " nearly sacked four or five times .
People were like , ' Who 's this weird English guy doing our music ?
Lets get Hans Zimmer to do it . '
But [ directors ] the Weitz brothers were so behind me and so helpful . "
Even with Aherne – whom he regards as a kindred spirit and a " joy to work with " – things became tense .
Near the end , " Caroline came in and criticised some of the stuff I 'd done for scenes .
We argued , and I won .
The next day she texted me and said , ' I 'm really sorry , you were right . '
But it got to the point of me saying , ' Oh , let someone else do the music , then . ' "
Clint Mansell , former frontman of Stourbridge " grebo " rock band Pop Will Eat Itself and once a Top of the Pops regular , is now an old hand at turning out elegant movie scores , working regularly with Darren Aronofsky ( Pi , The Wrestler ) and , most recently , on Duncan Jones 's award - winning Moon .
Based in LA for nearly a decade , he has experienced his fair share of tussles with the studios .
" I worked on one film where the producer told me he wanted something more neutral , " he says .
" Neutral ?
They 're frightened of emotion , basically .
Compromise is a part of it , but my best work comes when it's a very close creative team .
If you find the right person and project , you end up with something you could never have thought of on your own , and that 's the kind of magic I 'm looking for . "
When pop musicians venture into this kind of territory , there 's often a suspicion that it's because the humble three - minute symphony is no longer quite good enough .
Mansell certainly regards writing music for movies as a clear step forward .
" I was getting to an age where I found the format of verse - chorus - verse so dull , so nullifying , " he says .
" I 'd been doing it for so long .
Part of the thing about being in a band is : that 's your sound , OK , stick with it .
You keep regurgitating the same ideas .
Scoring required a different impetus and a different set of requirements .
After my third or fourth film I realised that , whilst you can have a style , it has to be different each time .
What works on piano for one film might not work for another .
It 's very liberating . "
For Gough , the freedom comes not from rejecting the conventions of song structure but from being forced to approach his music from various angles , dissecting it , changing tempos , styles and instrumentation .
Film also offers the opportunity to reach beyond a musician 's natural constituency .
Go to Spotify and type in Badly Drawn Boy and by far the most popular track is Something to Talk About , the main theme from About a Boy .
The album , too , is his most successful .
" I 've had more payback from that than anything else in terms of the music getting used on other films or on TV , " he says .
" You do n't account for that when you 're doing it , but it has an emotion that lives on . "
The soundtrack album , however , can be a frustrating beast , neither fish nor fowl .
Gough is releasing the music from The Fattest Man in Britain , but he emphasises that " it 's no big deal , I 'm not hoping for big things " .
Karen O , on the other hand , has also released the songs from Where the Wild Things Are and is convinced that it can be enjoyed on its own terms .
" I'm happy that there 's a body of work that can be appreciated in and outside of the film , " she says .
" It was supposed to have some pop appeal that did n't pander to little kids alone but to everyone .
If people like the music and it has a life of its own , I 'm happy , because we put so much fucking heart into it .
The song Hideaway is one of the best I 've ever been a part of writing . "
There are no plans to release the Nowhere Boy score because , says Gregory , the music is n't song - based .
" I 'm not sure how relevant it is without the film .
It 's a lot of long , held notes and plinks on the piano . "
Instead , they 're hoping to finish the new Goldfrapp record before Christmas , describing it as " a lot more up " than their last , Seventh Tree .
They agree that working on the film brought fresh ideas and a new impetus to their day job .
Similarly , for Karen O the process of writing for her own project or for someone else 's film ultimately " all blurs together .
I 'm never sure why I started writing music in the first place , and the mystery of that prevails through writing for a storyline and narrative .
I leave it up to uncertain gut reactions and catalysts .
I thought the only way to be even remotely successful in making empathic music for the movie was to make it as personal as possible .
To make it ours . "
Where the Wild Things Are Original Motion Picture Soundtrack by Karen O and the Kids is out now on Polydor ; a collection of the film music of Nick Cave and Warren Ellis , White Lunar , is out on Mute .
Clint Mansell 's soundtrack to Moon is out on Black Records
Reddit Email 0 Shares
Iran ’s PressTV says it has caught Israel forging documents in an attempt to implicate Iran in arms smuggling .
The Israelis have been maintaining that a ship , the Francop , that their forces boarded near Cyprus originated in Iran and was bringing arms to Hizbullah and Hamas .
Many US news outlets published the accompanying picture , which seemed to indicate that the arms were being supplied by the Ministry of the Sipah [ i.e. of soldier ] .
The name of that ministry was changed 20 years ago , however , to the Ministry of Defense .
One Iranian journalist opined , “ So this begs the question of what the emblem of a nonexistent body was doing on the cargo ? ”
Syria had all along accused the Israeli operation of being a forgery
It is tempting to speculate as to how the Israelis got the letterhead of the Iranian Ministry of the Soldier .
It should be remembered that in the 1980s , Israel was allied with Khomeini and received petroleum and other goods from Iran in return for helping against Iraq .
It is likely during that era of good feeling that Israel received the letterhead , and whoever dredged it back up to plaster on the goods carried by the intercepted ship did not realize that in the meantime the Iranians had changed the name of the ministry concerned .
The Likud government is perfectly capable of such a diversionary tactic .
Maybe it has a good explanation for all this .
We ’d like to hear it .
End / ( Not Continued )
Her arrival was announced with unrestrained razzmatazz .
She was the " eighth wonder of the world " , " our Mona Lisa " and an evolutionary " Rosetta Stone " , according to the researchers who unveiled her .
The female in question was Ida , a 47 million - year - old primate , whose exquisitely preserved fossil was touted as the remains of our earliest human ancestor .
She was , they said , the " link " between us and the rest of the animal kingdom .
Or maybe not .
Writing in the journal , Nature , a team of palaeontologists from New York claim that Ida is not related to humans at all .
Instead , they conclude , the $ 1 m fossil looks more like a small lemur or maybe a loris .
The challenge is being seen as the opening salvo in what is shaping up to be a hearty academic slugging match .
At stake is not only the significance of one of the most extraordinary fossils unearthed , but the reputations of some of the world 's leading researchers .
So far , relations between the two sides are strained but courteous .
" Our analysis and results have convinced us that Ida was not an ancestor of monkeys , apes , or humans , and if anything has more relevance for our understanding of lemur and loris origins , " said Erik Seiffert , a fossil hunter at Stony Brook University in New York who led the Nature study .
Researchers behind the Ida fossil , known formally as Darwinius masillae , immediately defended their own interpretation , which is based on two years of meticulous measurements of the remains .
" We expected a challenge like this and it's interesting it has taken five months for the first attack to come , " said Jørn Hurum , a palaeontologist at Oslo University 's Natural History Museum where the fossil is now lodged .
" What we claim about Ida is really quite controversial . "
" Seiffert and his team claim Darwinius did n't have much anatomical detail to study because it is so crushed , but none of the authors have ever seen the original specimen .
She 's not that crushed , there 's a lot of information in the fossil .
We really trust and stand by our interpretation , " Hurum said .
Hurum bought Ida for $ 1 m after agreeing to meet a private dealer in a vodka bar in Hamburg where he was shown a series of photographs of the fossil .
At the time , its exact place in evolutionary history was unclear .
What Hurum did know was that Ida came from a time when the primate lineage that led to monkeys , apes and humans split from another group of animals that became lemurs and lorises .
Hurum took a gamble .
" It would have been quite an expensive lemur , " he told the Guardian at the time .
The Ida fossil , which was found in the Messel Pit on the outskirts of Frankfurt , was revealed to the public in what amounted to the greatest publicity coup in modern science .
The mayor of New York , Michael Bloomberg , appeared alongside the fossil , wearing a T - shirt carrying the TV tie - in logo , " The link . "
A book about Ida was already coming off the presses .
Ida was an immediate media sensation .
The fossil received blanket coverage around the world and newspapers hailed her as the " missing link " between humans and animals .
The Guardian even gave away free wallcharts of " humanity 's long lost ancestor . "
The controversy erupted after Seiffert 's team unearthed the fossilised remnants of a similar , but much younger primate in northern Egypt .
Analysis of the 37 million - year - old lemur - like fossil showed it was a close relative of Ida and had several dental features that are commonly seen in apes and humans .
Seiffert 's team fed information from the new fossil and 117 living and extinct primates into a computer model to find out where the new species sat in the tree of life .
Writing in Nature , Seiffert explains that while the new fossil , named Afradapis , is related to Ida , both emerged along the evolutionary path that led to lemurs and lorises .
Their anatomical similarities with later primates evolved independently from those seen in monkeys , humans and apes , he explained .
" They are trying to explain all of the traits we see in Darwinius in terms of parallel evolution , " said Hurum .
Parallel evolution is when two groups of animals evolve similar features without being related to one another .
In an email , Philip Gingerich , a leading paleontologist at Princeton University who worked on Ida , said both fossils were almost certainly part of the lineage that led to monkeys , apes and humans .
He wrote that it was " puzzling " to see Seiffert 's team claim they were related to a group that became lemurs and lorises " with which it shares no resemblance " .
Further work by Seiffert 's team appears to add insult to injury .
According to their study , neither Ida nor Afradapis have any living descendants , meaning they became extinct at the end of a sidebranch of the evolutionary tree .
" This will be part of a discussion that will run for weeks and months to come , " Hurum said .
• This article was amended on 22 October 2009 .
The original located Messel Pit on the outskirts of Hamburg .
This has been corrected , and the fossil 's current Oslo location clarified .
Ever since the Mac mini was first released , people have been using Apple ’s diminutive Mac desktop as a server .
At 6.5 inches square and 2 inches high , it bears just the sort of compact computing power you want to stick in a closet or under a desk and use as an all - purpose receptacle for all your stuff .
Well , would n’t you know it — someone at Apple was paying attention to those of us who have been praising the Mac mini as a good server .
Because in October Apple announced a new configuration of Mac mini designed specifically to be a server .
The new $ 999 Mac mini with Snow Leopard Server is a fantastic product for workgroups , small businesses , and even schools to use .
But for some other common uses , you might be better off buying a regular old Mac mini instead .
What ’s in the box
The Mac mini server is largely the same Mac that Apple sells in a $ 799 non-server configuration ( ) .
The two models both have a dual - core 2.53 GHz Core 2 Duo processor , 4GB of RAM , a gigabit ethernet port , FireWire 800 , and five USB 2.0 ports .
Besides the $ 200 price difference , what separates the two models comes down to storage and software .
The Mac mini server lacks the built - in SuperDrive of the standard model — even the familiar slot in the front of the case is gone , making the front of this Mac mini notably different from all the Mac minis that have come before .
Apple has replaced the optical drive with a second internal Serial ATA hard drive .
The result is a system with 1 terabyte of internal storage ( on two 500 GB 5400 - rpm laptop drives ) compared to a single 320 GB hard drive in the non-server model .
The other big difference is the operating system that the Mac mini server runs : it ’s Snow Leopard Server ( ) , which Apple sells separately for $ 499 .
The inclusion of Mac OS X Server 10.6 makes the Mac mini server a fantastic deal for anyone who ’s planning to deploy a Mac running Mac OS X Server ; unless you ’re in the market for Xserves , the Mac mini server is just too good a deal to pass up .
Without getting into the details of Snow Leopard Server ( see our review for that ) , let ’s just say that it ’s got an impressive array of features , including an iCal server , address book server for workgroups , file sharing ( including a Time Machine server ) , a podcast - production automation system , a complete Web server including built - in wiki and blog software , and a whole lot more .
It ’s also important to note what Snow Leopard Server is n’t : a home - media server .
In the aftermath of Apple ’s announcement , I saw a lot of comments that the Mac mini server would make a perfect media server .
Do n’t believe it .
Yes , the Mac mini server will run iTunes , and you can plug it into your HDTV , and you can run Boxee on it .
But so will the $ 599 Mac mini running plain old Snow Leopard .
Unless you ’re going to take advantage of Snow Leopard Server ’s Web - and file - serving functionality , it ’s overkill .
Storage matters
The Mac mini server offers a storage configuration that ’s unique among Mac models : two laptop hard drives inside a single enclosure .
Yes , there ’s probably enough room inside that Mac mini to squeeze a single full - sized 1TB drive , but that would have required some major re-engineering of the Mini ’s guts ; instead , Apple just slid a second laptop drive into the spot where the optical drive would have gone .
This leads to some drawbacks , because 2.5 - inch drives designed for laptops are n’t nearly as fast as the 3.5 - inch drives found in desktop models .
And based on my personal experience , they ’re not necessarily as reliable , either .
That said , it ’s great to have one terabyte of storage in the Mac mini server .
The question is , what ’s the best way to format the drives ?
You could keep them as two separate volumes , installing the operating system on one while saving the other for file storage .
You could load all your files on the first volume and use the second one as a Time Machine drive , though I expect it would fill up fast .
The safety conscious might want to format the drives in RAID 1 , so that one drive perfectly mirrors the content on the other , protecting against a drive crash .
Or you can RAID the drives together to create a single 1 TB volume - although by doing so you increase your risk , because you can lose all your data if either drive dies .
When I asked Apple what the best drive configuration for the Mac mini server was , the response was a resounding “ yes . ”
In other words , all those options are fine , depending on what you want to do .
Personally , I ’d probably opt to meld the drives together as a single 1TB RAID volume , and then buy a big external FireWire 800 drive to use as a Time Machine backup .
But there ’s no single right answer .
Accessorize
When you think servers , accessories are n’t the first product category to come to mind , but there are a few to talk about when it comes to the Mac mini server .
First is its included accessory : a mini-DVI - to - DVI adapter .
The Mac mini server also supports the Mini DisplayPort connection , just as all current Mac mini models do , but if you want to connect it via that port you ’re on your own .
Then there ’s the matter of loading software on the Mac that does n’t offer an optical drive .
Not surprisingly , this is ground already trod by the MacBook Air , and the Mac mini server uses that to full effect .
Not only does the Mac Mini server support the same CD / DVD sharing functionality introduced for the Air - it can read data CDs or DVDs inserted in the drive of a Mac or PC on your local network as if the drive were its own - but it also supports the $ 99 MacBook Air Superdrive .
Finally , the Mac Mini server supports the $ 29 Apple USB Ethernet Adapter , which gives the server added networking flexibility .
For example , you could connect its built - in gigabit ethernet port to a local network , for high - speed file sharing , and route all traffic from the outside world separately through a separate IP address running on the USB Ethernet Adapter .
Is it powerful enough ?
The big question about such a little computer is , can it handle the strain of being a server ?
In my experience with the Mac mini , the answer is undeniably yes .
The internal hard drives are n’t the speediest , but if that ’s an issue , it ’s one that can be remedied with speedy external storage via the FireWire 800 port .
The Intel Core 2
Duo processor is plenty fast to serve up Web pages , wikis , blogs , and more , all while backing up local data via Time Machine and acting as a file server .
We did n’t run our Speedmark tests on this model because our tests are designed to evaluate Macs being used by regular people , not as servers .
From our tests of the 2.53 GHz Mac mini , it ’s clear that the Mac mini server is hardly the fastest Mac around .
But today ’s Macs are pretty fast creatures , and I ’m confident that the Mac mini has enough horsepower to handle the job it ’s designed for : being a workgroup server and serving the contents of a few Web sites and blogs .
Macworld ’s buying advice
For most home users , the Mac mini with Snow Leopard Server is not a wise choice .
Few home users are crazy enough to serve their Web site and blogs off of their home DSL or cable connection , and most do n’t need the workgroup tools that are the main focus of Snow Leopard Server .
Mac users who want to set up a basic home server to store their media files might be better off with a regular Mac mini or a network - attached storage device such as a Time Capsule .
Likewise , if you ’re looking to attach a Mac to an HDTV to play back music and videos , I ’d recommend saving $ 400 and buying the low - end Mac mini ( which can also play and rip CDs and DVDs via its optical drive ) and , optionally , a fat external hard drive .
That said , if you ’re desperate for a home theater Mac with as much internal storage as possible and do n’t care about the extra cost or lack of an optical drive , the Mac mini server will certainly perform well in such a role .
If you want to run a Mac OS X - based server and take advantage of Snow Leopard Server ’s impressive skills as a file , Web , backup , and workgroup server , you ’ll find no better value than the Mac mini server .
It ’s appropriate for small businesses , small workgroups in larger enterprises , and educational environments .
Is n’t it nice that Apple has finally realized that it had a great server under its nose this whole time ?
[ Jason Snell is Macworld ’s editorial director . ]
[ Updated 11 a.m. 11/19 to correct mistake about RAID version that does mirroring ( it 's 1 ) and to insert a word to placate a nitpicker . ]
The “ Hegel renaissance ” and other questions
A comment on The Cambridge Companion to Hegel and Nineteenth - Century Philosophy
By Alexander Fangmann
5 November 2009
The Cambridge Companion to Hegel and Nineteenth - Century Philosophy , edited by Frederick C. Beiser .
Cambridge University Press , 2008 New York and Cambridge ( UK ) .
Paperback ( ISBN - 13 : 9780521539388 ) , $ 32.99 .
Hegel
Last year saw the publication of The Cambridge Companion to Hegel and Nineteenth - Century Philosophy , edited by Frederick C. Beiser .
The volumes of the Cambridge Companion series contain collections of essays by scholars working on a particular philosopher or subject area .
They are intended to be introductory reference works to their subject matter and frequently serve as college textbooks at both the undergraduate and graduate level .
Their editors and contributors are generally well - respected by other professional philosophers , and the series tends toward the inclusion of newer research .
For that reason , the essays they contain may be indicative of the current state of scholarship among a wide layer of people in and around academic philosophy .
The intention of the present article is to survey some of the more interesting findings of this research and comment on some of its limitations .
As Beiser indicates in his editorial introduction , “ The Puzzling Hegel Renaissance , ” since the publication of The Cambridge Companion to Hegel in 1993 , there has been a notable growth of interest in Hegel and a vast increase in the quantity of scholarly work on his philosophy .
According to Beiser , this — along with the absence of essays on certain topics in the first Hegel - themed Cambridge Companion , such as Hegel ’s philosophy of nature and philosophy of religion , and a desire to include the work of younger scholars , as well as newer essays by more established ones — justified the production of this new collection of essays .
Although its title would suggest an emphasis on the relationship between Hegel ’s work and that of other nineteenth - century figures , such as Marx , for example , it is conceived , as indicated in Beiser ’s preface , more as a second edition of The Cambridge Companion to Hegel , albeit with a new set of essays .
References to other philosophers and thinkers are mostly limited to Hegel ’s contemporaries , predecessors , and even more remote historical thinkers .
In fact , while the original Cambridge Companion included the essays “ Hegel and Marxism , ” by Allen Wood , as well as “ Hegel and Analytic Philosophy , ” by Peter Hylton , this new volume contains no essays , outside of Beiser ’s introduction , which deal directly with the reception of Hegel ’s thought after his death in 1831 .
This is a very serious limitation , and represents a step backward from earlier periods in Hegel studies .
The very idea that one can understand Hegel without examining the reception of Hegelian ideas by other thinkers , particularly Marx , is absurd and retrogressive .
Hegel ’s ideas are not merely the artifacts of an isolated genius ; their true significance and meaning can only be gauged by their reception and development .
Marx and Engels delivered not only the most devastating criticisms of the Hegelian system , they were also the first thinkers to appreciate the theoretical advances made by Hegel and place them on a scientific and materialist basis .
Without them , it is quite possible that this volume would not exist , given the continuous effort by philosophers of various persuasions to bury Hegel and turn towards the manifold forms of subjectivism ( Schopenhauer , Nietzsche , the Neo- Kantians , the positivists , etc. ) .
Beiser attempts to provide an explanation for this apparently strange phenomenon : the relatively recent growth of intense interest in Hegel on the part of professors of philosophy .
As he says , “ Such a surge in interest is remarkable for any philosopher , but especially for one who , some fifty years earlier , would have been treated as a pariah . ”
( 1 ) It is no great secret that academic philosophy in the English - speaking countries has largely ignored Hegel , considering him to be at best hopelessly obscure , and at worst a dangerous charlatan responsible for providing an intellectual basis for fascism and Stalinism .
James Burnham ’s characterization of Hegel in “ Science and Style ” as “ the century - dead arch - muddler of human thought ” still represents the opinion of a considerable faction of philosophers .
Much of the antipathy towards
Hegel finds its source in the fact that his thought was seen to lead to Marx and Marxism .
But , as Beiser acknowledges , after the dissolution of the Soviet Union and the collapse of the eastern European Stalinist states , “ Marxism suffered — for better or worse — a steep decline in prestige .
But as Marx ’s star fell , Hegel ’s only rose . ”
The clear implication is that with Marxism out of the way Hegel could again be seen as politically non-threatening , and he “ was restored to the pantheon of great philosophers , taking his place alongside Leibniz and Kant . ” ( 2 ) So much for judging philosophical works based on the soundness and validity of the arguments !
This statement is a rare admission that political considerations are a substantial factor in their acceptance or rejection by the academy .
In the rest of his essay , Beiser explains that much of the credit for the revival of interest in Hegel can be credited to scholarly interpretations which have “ anachronistically ” interpreted Hegel in order to further contemporary philosophical concerns .
Representative of this “ anachronistic ” approach , in Beiser ’s estimation , are Robert Pippin and Robert Brandom who , while differing in many respects , have greatly downplayed the metaphysical and religious dimensions of Hegel ’s thought in order to make it more palatable to contemporary philosophical tastes , while presenting their interpretations as Hegel ’s own position .
While he admits that such work has been interesting , Beiser advocates that future work take a more “ antiquarian ” interest in Hegel , finding out what his actual positions were and why he held them , and only later worrying about their applicability to contemporary philosophical concerns .
While it is true that Pippin ’s interpretation of Hegel has been highly influential , at least among the professoriat , it must be said that his approach is not merely “ anachronistic ” — it is highly revisionist .
Pippin ’s Hegel is a Kantian , committed to Kant ’s basic framework and to carrying out his project in regard to providing a subjective foundation for the external world .
This line of interpretation ignores
Hegel ’s ruthless criticisms of Kantianism , and especially of Kant ’s restrictions on human reason and knowledge , and this ultimately results in a subjectivist version of Hegel .
Given the widespread acceptance of such notions in the academy , it is perhaps no surprise that Pippin ’s work has found a substantial audience .
Beiser ’s collegial and muted criticisms of Pippin and others putting forward similar arguments , are unfortunate .
Their work requires a more thorough and systematic debunking if any substantial progress in Hegel scholarship is to be attained .
Hegel ’s biography
Terry Pinkard ’s contribution , “ Hegel : A Life ” , a shortened version of his book , Hegel : A Biography , places Hegel ’s intellectual labors within their proper personal and historical context .
Despite the limitations of Pinkard ’s philosophical orientation , his historical work is nonetheless quite interesting and useful .
Among the more interesting things we find out about Hegel is his background in the Württemberg petty - bourgeoisie .
His father was a minor official at the Royal Treasury , and his mother came from a family of Swabian Protestant reformers .
Although possessed of a somewhat provincial pride in their particular Protestant and local traditions , they were receptive to the new ideas circulating at the time , and subscribed to the “ Enlightenment - oriented journals of their day . ”
According to Pinkard , “ they based their claims to rank and promotion on learning and ability , not on family connections . ” ( 17 )
This attitude towards social position would stay with Hegel his whole life , with the consequence that he maintained all sorts of acquaintances , and would play cards with “ nonacademic types ” and maintain friendships “ with both the artistic and the more bohemian elements in Berlin society . ”
( 41 )
His belief that talent , and not wealth or connections , should be decisive for career and advancement expressed itself in his waiving of student lecture and examination fees for poorer students , at a time when such fees constituted part of the regular pay of university instructors .
A criticism he leveled at the English in his writing on the English Reform Bill was that instead of “ university education and science , they value the ‘ crass ignorance of fox - hunters . ’ ” ( 49 )
Friedrich Hölderlin
The impact of the French Revolution on Hegel and his thought is a common theme .
In 1789 , Hegel was a student at the Protestant Seminary in Tübingen who had recently decided that he did not want to be a clergyman , a sentiment shared by his fellow students and roommates , Friedrich Hölderlin and Friedrich Schelling ( the former a highly influential and original poet , while the latter might have been the most influential German idealist philosopher had Hegel not eclipsed him in importance ) .
Because the duke of Württemberg held some lands in Alsace , news of the revolution made its way to the seminary “ with even more speed and regularity than it did elsewhere . ” ( 19 )
Friedrich Schelling
The trio were greatly enthusiastic about the events in France , and their views were reinforced by one of the more senior students at the seminary , Carl Immanuel Diez , a radical Kantian and Jacobin sympathizer who saw an essential unity between Kant ’s philosophy and the revolutionary calls for liberty , fraternity , and equality .
Every July 14 from then on , Hegel would toast the storming of the Bastille , and near the end of his life , in his lectures on the philosophy of history at the University of Berlin , he would refer to the revolution as a “ glorious dawn . ”
In the wake of the revolution , governments throughout Germany embarked on reform projects , some by way of Napoleonic invasion , such as Bavaria , and some out of fear of revolution .
From 1807 to 1808 , Hegel edited a pro-Napoleonic newspaper , the Bamberger Zeitung , until he got into trouble with authorities for “ publishing information about French troop movements that had already been published in other newspapers . ” ( 31 ) This episode apparently induced him to leave journalism , and he would appeal to his friend , Immanuel Niethammer , to get him a teaching job at a university .
Niethammer was an old friend from his seminary days who had become commissioner for educational reform in Bavaria .
Wanting an ally , he appointed Hegel rector of a Gymnasium in Nuremberg , a position in which the latter flourished , later with the added responsibility of being the inspector of schools for Bavaria .
Hegel ’s fortunes would often depend on the influence of reformers in government , and he in turn would often intervene in the intellectual debates surrounding political issues , and later into such issues more directly .
One of the first things many people learn about Hegel is that he was an apologist for the Prussian state , with his proposition that “ what is rational is actual , and what is actual is rational . ”
This is the phrase with which he ended the preface to the Philosophy of Right , which was published in 1820 .
Based on the surrounding events that Pinkard describes , it is no surprise that nearly everyone interpreted the statement to be a defense of repressive government .
In that same preface Hegel had included attacks on the philosopher J.F. Fries and the theologian Wilhelm de Wette .
Both had lost their teaching jobs due to being characterized or charged as “ demagogues ” in the wake of the reactionary Carlsbad Decrees , enacted by Metternich throughout the German Confederation in the wake of the assassination of the conservative writer August von Kotzebue .
Hegel ’s attack on the two thinkers was seen as support for the charges against them .
But , according to Pinkard , “ Hegel was taken aback at this interpretation ” of his proposition and went so far as to influence the creation of an encyclopedia entry to deny that it was intended “ for the benefit of the ruling classes . ” ( 41 )
Hegelian dialectics and the Science of Logic
Hegel ’s Logic has been mostly ignored as a subject of serious scholarship , and the dialectical method that Hegel employs has been the object of much derision , misunderstanding , and outright falsification .
Both the Science of Logic and the shorter Encyclopedia Logic ( intended as a lecture outline for his students ) are difficult works , and are not widely taught in philosophy courses , even by Hegel specialists .
For that reason , “ Hegel ’s Logic , ” by Stephen Houlgate , which attempts to “ shed light on the distinctive purpose and method of Hegelian logic , ” is to be commended .
Houlgate ’s contention is that Hegel in these works attempted no less than to “ derive and clarify the basic categories of thought . ” ( 112 )
It is impossible to do justice to Houlgate ’s lengthy contribution within the limits of this review .
Let suffice a gloss on some of the more interesting themes he touches upon .
The first of these concerns the starting point of the Logic , which is the category of “ being . ”
Rather than a purely arbitrary or mystical beginning , or one that conceals underlying assumptions and presuppositions in order to move the argument , Houlgate argues that Hegel is in fact trying to start from the most critical position possible .
In the spirit of Descartes ’ universal doubt , Hegel starts with thought “ at its simplest and most minimal . ”
Thought at its simplest and most minimal , however , does not entail such extravagant implications as Descartes supposed , namely the existence of the thinker , at least at the outset of the investigation .
Thought , stripped of all particularity , that takes “ as little as possible for granted , ” must understand that “ what is thought , is . ”
In other words , the fact that there is thought implies that there is something to think about .
But this something must not be assumed to have any characteristics whatsoever , in order for the investigation in the Logic to remain fully critical .
It can only be considered insofar as it is , insofar as it is being at its most abstract .
( 120 )
In the course of investigating this initial category of being , at its most abstract and indeterminate , “ it vanishes before our eyes into nothing . ” ( 128 ) Without any distinguishing characteristics , the thought of pure being is completely empty , and is practically equivalent to the thought of nothing .
But this nothing can only be thought insofar as it is something , and so nothing falls back into being .
A nothing that can be thought is , and so it is no longer nothing , but is a type of being .
Each of these pure categories “ turn out to be logically unstable and to disappear into the opposite of itself ... each proves to be nothing but the process of its own disappearance . ”
What they are is , in fact , a “ becoming . ” ( 129 )
The rest of the Logic proceeds along lines similar to those shown above in regard to being , nothing , and becoming , insofar as every successive concept gives way to another while remaining intimately related to all the concepts preceding it — although there are of course several variations in the movement from one category to another .
By the time he has finished , Hegel has attempted to address every general concept and category of thought and has shown their proper relation to each other .
While previous thinkers were more or less content to accept basic logical and conceptual categories as axiomatic — given and indubitable — or as plain common - sense , Hegel believed that science needed a rigorous exposition and investigation of its most fundamental concepts .
Although these categories do turn out to be essentially related to each other , this relatedness is something that Hegel claims not to presuppose , at least for his arguments .
The dialectical character of these conceptual relationships is therefore not something that he is imposing on the subject matter .
As Houlgate puts it , “ although Hegel does not presuppose that speculative thought should be dialectical , such thought does in fact prove to be dialectical of its own accord .
Dialectic , for Hegel , is not a relation between different things ( for example , between an individual and society ) , but is the process whereby one category or phenomenon turns into its own opposite . ”
Further , “ Dialectic is thus not a method devised by Hegel and brought to bear on categories from the outside , but belongs to those categories ( and corresponding aspects of being ) themselves .
It is the ‘ inwardness of the content , the dialectic which it possesses within itself . ’ ” ( 129 - 130 )
V.I. Lenin
However , as good as Houlgate ’s essay is , it shares with other scholarship on this topic a noticeable and unfortunate tentativeness — a lack of conviction and confidence — which arises from the fundamental confusion and wrangling over basic philosophical categories which pervades contemporary philosophy .
This is quite different from what one encounters in Lenin ’s Philosophical Notebooks in his notes and comments on Hegel ’s Logic .
Fragmentary as they are , these writings gain much in value from Lenin ’s correct appreciation of the fundamental questions of philosophy at issue , especially on the question of the relation between materialism and idealism .
Although Lenin gave the most detailed and important materialist critique of Hegel ’s Logic , this advance has been totally ignored by the philosophical establishment .
Hegel ’s idealism
Robert Stern ’s contribution to The Cambridge Companion to Hegel and Nineteenth - Century Philosophy on the broad subject of Hegel ’s idealism is an effort to sort out precisely what the great German philosopher ’s idealism amounted to .
While it is certainly clear from a materialist perspective that Hegel was an idealist , it is by no means a simple matter exactly what this means .
According to Stern , Hegel is an idealist thinker in two slightly different , but closely related senses .
His claim is that Hegel “ is an idealist in his special sense , of holding that ‘ the finite is ideal , ’ and ( therefore ) an idealist in the more classical ( antinominalist ) sense of holding that taken as mere finite individuals , things in the world cannot provide a satisfactory terminus for explanation , but only when they are seen to exemplify ‘ universals , ideal entities ’ … which are not given in immediate experience , but only in ‘[ reflective ] thinking about phenomena . ’ ” ( 172 )
In order to understand these two senses of idealism at work in Hegel , it is helpful to refer to a passage from the Science of Logic which Stern quotes more fully in his essay :
“ The proposition that the finite is ideal [ idell ] constitutes idealism .
The idealism of philosophy consists in nothing else than recognizing that the finite has no veritable being [ wahrhaft Seiendes ] .
Every philosophy is an idealism , or at least has idealism for its principle and the question then is how far this principle is actually carried out .
This is as true of philosophy as of religion , for religion equally does not recognize finitude as a veritable being [ ein wahrhaftes Sein ] , as something ultimate and absolute or as something underived , uncreated , eternal …
“ A philosophy which ascribed veritable , ultimate being to finite existences as such , would not deserve the name of philosophy ; the principles of ancient or modern philosophies , water , or matter , or atoms are thoughts , universals , ideal entities , not things as they immediately present themselves to us , that is , in their sensuous individuality — not even the water of Thales .
For although this is also empirical water , it is at the same time also the in - itself or essence of all other things , too , and these other things are not self - subsistent or grounded in themselves , but are posited by , are derived from , an other , from water , that is they are ideal entities . ” ( SL 154 - 155 )
When he says that the “ finite is ideal , ” Hegel means that objects , the ordinary , everyday things one encounters are not purely material , but are , in some sense , actually constituted by ideas .
Of course , for Hegel these are not just any ideas , but the conceptual categories worked out in the Science of Logic .
These concepts are not concepts that operate only in human reason , but the concepts to which reason is led necessarily by reflecting on the mere idea of being .
These concepts are objective , and all objects are constituted by some combination of them , depending on what sort of things they are , that is , by their concrete character .
Furthermore , since all these concepts are moments of the Absolute Idea , or the Hegelian infinite , these objects are related to and owe their reality to the Absolute .
Nominalism is the philosophical position that universals — abstract concepts like red , sweet , or good that are applied to many things — do not actually exist in themselves , but that there are only individual objects and properties .
According to nominalists , these “ universals ” are only words we use to group similar characteristics as a convenience .
Historically , idealism has been connected with a position of anti-nominalism ( a position also somewhat perversely known as realism ) by holding that these universals are just as real , if not more so , than material objects .
Hegel is opposed to nominalism , in its modern forms often associated with empiricism , because it supposedly follows that there is no essential unity to the world and no fundamental relationships between objects .
Rather , there are only individual things which are associated , at best , only contingently .
A philosophy built on such a premise ( which ascribed veritable being to finite things ) would be , for Hegel , a non-philosophy .
This is because any investigation which considered only these things would be incomplete , it would not have the conceptual resources to fully explain the way the world works .
For all previous philosophy , what explains why things are what they are , and how they are able to relate to each other , is some principle or other , such as atoms , matter , or ( for Thales ) water .
What these things all have in common is that they are conceptual abstractions — atoms and matter as such have not been perceived , nor has water in the way it is conceived of by Thales to be the essence of all things .
But as opposed to finite material things , which in their course come to be and pass away , this infinite matter , or atoms , or water , does not , and is thus what is truly real .
Although he treats some intriguing questions , it must be frankly noted that Stern ’s essay is not very helpful for someone interested in the nature of Hegel ’s idealism .
He is writing in a philosophical milieu itself steeped in idealism , and which denies this more or less consciously .
This makes it impossible for him to formulate an objective initial characterization of idealism .
Stern rejects early on a somewhat promising line of investigation , in which Hegel is an idealist due to his view of “ the absolute mind as the transcendent cause or ground of the world , ” because it would amount to a rejection of Kant ’s separation of appearances and things - in - themselves , and a return to a “ pre-critical ” metaphysics .
Not only is this a fundamental error regarding Hegel ’s relationship to Kant , which passes over his devastating criticisms of the Kantian system , it also leads Stern to embark on an essay in which a concept of idealism is sought in Hegel ’s own work , a strategy that is problematic , to say the least .
Evald Ilyenkov
Far more valuable is the characterization of Hegelian idealism made by the Soviet philosopher Evald Ilyenkov , in his book Dialectical Logic ( 1974 ) .
In that remarkable work Ilyenkov explains how human thought could be transformed by Hegel into the impersonal and God- like Absolute , imposing itself on all human actions and history :
“ Hegel actually counterposed man and his real thought to impersonal , featureless — ‘ absolute ’ — thought as some force existing for ages , in accordance with which the act of ‘ divine creation of the world and man ’ had occurred .
He also understood logic as ‘ absolute form , ’ in relation to which the real world and real human thought proved to be something essentially derivative , secondary and created .
Ilyenkov argues that Hegel ’s specific form of objective idealism converted thinking into a new deity , into a force existing outside humanity and dominating it .
However , Hegel ’s illusion in this regard did not constitute simply a borrowing from religion , or a mere unfortunate recurrence of religious consciousness , as Feuerbach suggested , but came from a more profound source .
The Soviet philosopher continues : “ Under the spontaneously developing division of social labour there arose of necessity a peculiar inversion of the real relations between human individuals and their collective forces and collectively developed faculties , i.e. the universal ( social ) means of the activity , an inversion known in philosophy as estrangement or alienation . ”
Certain universal modes of action were organized as special social institutions , established as trades and professions — as a type of caste with its own specific language , traditions and so on — and other structures of an impersonal , featureless character .
Ilyenkov goes on : “ As a result , the separate human individual did not prove to be the bearer , i.e. to be the subject , of this or that universal faculty ( active power ) , but , on the contrary , this active power , which was becoming more and more estranged from him , appeared as the subject , dictating the means and forms of his occupation to each individual from outside . …
“ The same fate also befell thought .
It , too , became a special occupation , the lot for life of professional scholars , of professionals in mental , theoretical work .
Science is thought transformed in certain conditions into a special profession . …
The scientist , the professional theoretician , lays down the law to them [ ordinary humanity ] not in his own name , personally , but in the name of Science , in the name of the Concept , in the name of an absolutely universal , collective , impersonal power , appearing before other people as its trusted representative and plenipotentiary .
“ On that soil , too , there arose all the specific illusions of the professionals of mental , theoretical work , illusions that acquired their most conscious expression precisely in the philosophy of objective idealism , i.e. of the self - consciousness of alienated thought . ”
( Dialectical Logic , Chapter 7 )
Ilyenkov here is operating with a much more precise and profound conception of idealism , in which , first of all , the fundamental criterion separating idealism and materialism is the question of whether thought ( spirit ) or nature is considered primary and which is secondary .
On this basis is it easy for him to establish that Hegel is an idealist , and through a materialist understanding of history , he is able to explain the specific nature of Hegel ’s idealism which separates it from all others .
Yet , Ilyenkov ’s work is almost entirely ignored amongst professional philosophers , as is the work of a number of other Soviet philosophers who made important contributions to philosophy , even while working under the restrictions imposed by the Stalinist regime .
This continued blockade on these Soviet thinkers can only be regarded as intellectual bad faith , and represents a kind of dishonesty to the thinking public they pretend to address .
Mysticism and Hegel ’s philosophy of nature
The essay “ Hegel and Mysticism ” in The Cambridge Companion , by Glenn Alexander Magee , concerns itself with the mystical sources of some of Hegel ’s conceptions .
Perhaps more than any other , this essay expresses the retrograde intellectual trends that are aired in prominent philosophical venues without significant comment or opposition .
Magee ’s work is similar to that of Frances Yates and Betty Jo Teeter Dobbs , in that it attempts to reinterpret the work of a historical figure associated with the progressive development of scientific thought as an essentially religious thinker , thus attributing to religion a progressive role in historical development .
It is of course commonplace in Hegel commentaries to refer to the mysticism of his system , but as Magee points out , while this characterization may be used to evoke the obscure , confusing , or religiously inspired aspects of his thought broadly considered , it is also true that certain ideas of his find their source in religious mysticism more narrowly conceived .
Jakob Boehme
The most obvious influence of this sort on Hegel was the early 17th century mystic Jakob Boehme .
Boehme , a “ shoemaker in Goerlitz in Lusatia on the border of Bohemia , ” supposedly had a vision in the year 1600 , which he subsequently elaborated in a number of writings .
( 257 ) As Magee states : “ Central to Boehme ’s thought is a conception of God as dynamic and evolving .
Rejecting the idea of a transcendent God who exists outside of creation , complete and perfect , Boehme writes instead of a God who develops Himself through creation .
Shockingly , Boehme claims that apart from or prior to creation , God is not yet God .
What moves God to unfold Himself is the desire to achieve self - consciousness , and the mechanism of this process was thought by Boehme to involve conflict and opposition ...
The process of creation and of God ’s coming to self - consciousness , eventually reaches consummation with man . ” ( 257 )
It would be difficult to dismiss the influence this idea had on Hegel .
Instead of God , Hegel typically refers to the Absolute , but Hegel ’s Absolute must , like Boehme ’s God , come to self - consciousness in order to be the Absolute .
This process occurs through the conflicts and oppositions which develop themselves through the stages , first of Logic , then of Nature , then of Spirit ( human reason in history ) , finding full expression in the development of art , religion , and philosophy and culminating in the cognition of the Absolute in its complete development .
If Magee was merely pointing out that the most openly mystical and religious aspects of Hegel ’s system were borrowed from earlier writers , we could move on from this unsurprising finding without further ado .
However , Magee clearly has a more ambitious agenda in mind .
In his concluding paragraph he writes : “ Modern historians of philosophy naturally have viewed their subject matter through the same progressive optic , as reason asserting its autonomy and progressively dispelling the darkness of superstition .
But if the very idea of the autonomy and progressive unfolding of reason has deeply irrational roots , than perhaps history is better understood as Heidegger saw it , not as an intelligible progression from superstition to reason , but merely as a random and contingent succession of superstitions , the most stubborn of which are those that present themselves as most rational . ” ( 280 )
Although Marxists reject the idealist Hegelian contention that history is the byproduct of reason unfolding itself , the great advance that Hegel represented for a scientific understanding of history was the idea of a logic to historical development , and not just a series of contingent events effected by important individuals , and punctuated by ineffable horrors .
Magee not only rejects
Hegel ’s rational , albeit idealist , understanding of history ( including the history of thought ) , he rejects any rational understanding of history , including a Marxist , materialist one .
With this , he places himself in the camp of the postmodernists and other opponents of the Enlightenment for whom the very idea of progressive historical change is anathema and who , in the final analysis , give theoretical cover to reactionary and backward forces .
Instead of a positive characteristic of his thought , the impact of mysticism on Hegel should rather be understood in the context of the legacy of German political and economic backwardness .
Although the ideas of the Enlightenment had exerted a powerful influence , Germany remained a patchwork of independent and semi-independent states under the rule of petty monarchs , each with its own laws and traditions , both secular and religious .
This disunity impeded the development of bourgeois social relations and the accompanying rationalization of production on the basis of natural science , through which the latter is powerfully confirmed in practice .
Practical and scientific activity dissolves the basis upon which theory is led to mysticism , but the objective basis for this was still lacking in many respects in the Germany of the late 18th century .
Hegel could still hope to mediate between the old traditions , however obscure or irrational , and the new spirit of the Enlightenment being brought into Germany , which he did precisely by bringing out the rationality implicit in the former , and arguing for their reform on the basis of the new ideas .
That Hegel could even attempt such a reconciliation is due in no small part to his excellent grasp of , respect for , and interest in the newest scientific thought and achievements , whose development he did not attempt to forestall through the use of mystical or pre-scientific ideas , although many people through the years have suspected him of attempting to do just that .
Kenneth R. Westphal ’s piece in this volume dispels much of the ignorance concerning Hegel ’s goals and methods in his Philosophy of Nature , the second part of his Encyclopedia of the Philosophical Sciences .
Historically , this work has often served as supposed proof of Hegel ’s charlatanry as a thinker and prima facie evidence for considering all of his work highly suspect , due to its supposed a priori encroachments on the scientific process and employment of concepts such as teleology .
Most intellectual defenders of Hegel have considered the work an embarrassment , and so it has remained largely ignored even though it is vitally important to his system as a whole , providing the link between the Logic and the Philosophy of Spirit ( the human - centered investigations ) .
But the common view of Hegel as being either hopelessly clueless about science or willfully malicious is unfounded .
As Westphal points out , based on recent research , Hegel was “ deeply versed in the natural science of his day , as well as any nonspecialist possibly could be . ” ( 284 )
Furthermore , he “ taught calculus and understood mathematics well enough to have an informed reasons for preferring French schools of analysis , particularly LaGrange’s . ”
( 284 ) Newton ’s theory of universal gravitation was enormously impressive to Hegel , and turns out to have been an influence on his development of dialectics , specifically in its positing of the interrelatedness of all things .
Isaac Newton
Among the most famous of Hegel ’s supposed transgressions against science is his criticism of Newton .
Although long seen as a laughably misguided intervention , Edward C. Halper attempts to reconstruct Hegel ’s argument and explain why it is a plausible criticism of Newton if it is correctly understood .
Hegel ’s criticism is based on the nature of matter assumed ( but not stated explicitly ) in Newton ’s three laws of motion and the nature of matter implied by the theory of universal gravitation .
( 320 )
The basic idea is that “ the ‘ law of inertia , ’ asserts that matter in motion or matter at rest would remain so , unless acted upon by an outside body . ” ( 320 ) Matter by implication is not active , but rather passive , and requires the application of force by something else for motion and change .
Newton ’s second and third laws carry the same assumptions .
The consequence of this view is that “ the entire universe requires an external agency as the source of its initial motion : hence , Newton posits God . ” ( 322 )
But this view of matter contradicts the view of matter implicit in the law of gravity .
As Halper states , “ According to this law , every bit of matter exerts a force of attraction toward every other bit of matter ...
All matter by its nature falls , or rather propels itself toward other matter . ” ( 322 ) In other words , matter , by exerting the attractive gravitational force , is active .
Hegel ’s resolution of this contradiction , essentially , is to propose that “ inertial motion is elliptical motion around a center of gravity , ” such as that manifested by the orbits of the planets in the solar system .
( 335 )
The nature of matter is to move elliptically , as suggested by Kepler , and not rectilinearly .
Most interesting about the view of matter that emerges is its dialectical character .
Since gravity attracts the parts of a single body towards a center by the same principle that it moves towards other bodies , its nature is thus “ to move away from itself and seek to be other than itself ... matter ’s inner nature is its motion toward a point outside of itself . ” ( 334 )
That Hegel would be so concerned with the findings of natural science and place the philosophy of nature as the central section of his Encyclopedia is not at all surprising .
However , one cannot rely on his own explanation as to why this is so , namely that science represents a higher development of the Absolute , and thus of human reason .
On the contrary , the centrality of science in Hegel ’s work has a great deal to do with the powerful impetus given by the development of the forces and relations of production .
Friedrich Engels
As Engels quite aptly remarked , “ during this long period from Descartes to Hegel and from Hobbes to Feuerbach , these philosophers were by no means impelled , as they thought they were , solely by the force of pure reason .
On the contrary , what really pushed them forward most was the powerful and ever more rapidly onrushing progress of natural science and industry .
Among the materialists this was plain on the surface , but the idealist systems also filled themselves more and more with a materialist content and attempted pantheistically to reconcile the antithesis between mind and matter .
Thus , ultimately , the Hegelian system represents merely a materialism idealistically turned upside down in method and content . ”
( Ludwig Feuerbach and the End of Classical German Philosophy , Ch. 02 )
Conclusion
Unfortunately , there is a clear tendency in many of the contributions to view Hegel ’s philosophy as suitable for the present day , without acknowledging the criticism and challenges posed by Marxism , let alone the manner in which Marxism surpassed it .
Due to this rejection of the most important and profound materialist development of Hegelian philosophy , the various interpretations inevitably place more emphasis on the mystical and idealist aspects of Hegel , i.e. , the backward aspects , than is warranted by Hegel ’s own writings , by more or less openly drawing on Kant .
This tendency is nowhere more pronounced than among social and political philosophers , where it finds expression in the attempt to theorize a kind of “ updated ” liberalism — in other words , a capitalism “ reconciling the best aspects of liberal social thought , including its concern for the rights and dignities of individuals , with the human need for deep and enduring communal attachments , ” as Frederick Neuhouser puts it .
( 204 )
Recognizing that capitalism is deeply corrosive to social harmony , the scholars imagine that if only the requisite social institutions were implemented along the Hegelian model , the excesses of capitalism could all be avoided through various forms of regulation , oversight , and above all , by providing the means for the moral development of citizens .
This is , to put it mildly , a fantasy , and is merely a more sophisticated version of the liberal idea that the state is a neutral arbiter between classes , and that the problem with capitalism is individual capitalists , and not the profit system itself .
Although a number of essays in this collection are quite good and represent advances in Hegel scholarship , notably the essays dealing with Hegel and science , the book as a whole is profoundly flawed .
Contemporary philosophy does not have the cultural resources to honestly approach these questions , and is severely hampered by widespread idealist and subjectivist outlooks and methodologies .
By Clare Murphy
Health reporter , BBC News
Would it have been better if he was n't there ?
It was once imparted to the father over the phone , yet now it 's men themselves who often tell their exhausted partner the sex of the child she has just delivered .
But could men be more of a hindrance than a help in the delivery room ?
French obstetrician Michel Odent says yes , and even blames fathers for an increasing rate of births by Caesarean section .
At a debate hosted this week by the Royal College of Midwives , Mr Odent will argue against what he dubs " the masculinisation of the birth environment " .
The presence of an anxious male partner in the labour room makes the woman tense and slows her production of the hormone oxytocin , which aids the process of labour , so the French doctor contends .
This , he says , makes her much more likely to end up on the operating table having an emergency Caesarean section .
" Having been involved for more than 50 years in childbirths in homes and hospitals in France , England and Africa , the best environment I know for an easy birth is when there is nobody around the woman in labour apart from a silent , low - profile and experienced midwife , " he says .
" Oxytocin is the love drug which helps the woman give birth and bond with her baby .
But it is also a shy hormone and it does not come out when she is surrounded by people and technology .
This is what we need to start understanding . "
He will be debated by Duncan Fisher , a leading advocate for fathers , who , while pressing for more preparation for fathers , argues they are there because women want them to be - " and we should trust mothers ' instincts " .
Here we come Certainly men's appearance on the labour ward does co-incide with a rising number of caesarean births - although ironically their arrival was in part a backlash against doctor - led , highly - medicalised care in favour of a more woman - centred approach .
In the 1960s only about a quarter of men in the UK attended the birth of an infant , today it is well over 90 % .
There are many reasons why the number of emergency Caesarean sections has risen ... none of which have anything to do with the presence of dads
Patrick O'Brien
Consultant obstetrician
It is seen as an important rite of passage for any involved father , as well as a marker of social progress - the less developed a country , the more likely childbirth is to be seen as a woman 's business best conducted behind closed doors .
" But I think the other issue is the lack of one - to - one care of women by midwives , " says Winnie Rushby of Doula UK , an organisation which provides birthing support from experienced , but non-medically trained women .
" Fathers have been called on to provide that help .
" Some of them are very attuned to the emotional and psychological needs of their partner .
But if they are shocked by bodily fluids and very agitated by the pain they see her in , this could play on her mind and stop her psychologically entering the place she needs to be to deliver the baby - the birthing ' zone ' , if you like .
" We 've gone from men not being there to virtually all men being there .
We need to find a new medium , where there is no shame in discussing whether the father should be there or not .
Women need to start asking if they really do want him there - and if so , is he prepared for what will go on . "
Staying home
In fact , the greatest advocate of putting men in the mix was US doctor Robert Bradley , who in 1962 published Father 's Presence in Delivery Rooms .
This was a review of 4,000 cases when husbands were present .
Some partners will not feel comfortable themselves in providing physical and emotional support during labour
Elizabeth Duff
National Childbirth Trust
He concluded , quite contrary to Dr Odent , that the husband 's presence as a so - called " birth coach " actually helped the woman to relax .
" With husbands coaching , we have more than 90 % totally unmedicated births .
No other approach comes near to that figure , " he wrote .
Iran only recently allowed fathers into the delivery room after the health ministry in Tehran asked doctors to reduce the number of Caesarean births .
At 70 % it has been among the highest in the world , and has been explained largely by women 's fear of childbirth .
Bringing in the men , it was hoped , would provide women with the reassurance they needed to deliver their baby without surgery .
Whether some men do in fact aid or irk in the delivery room is likely to remain a staple - and unresolved - debate , as any clinical trial would be almost impossible to conduct .
" But what we do know is that there are many reasons why the number of emergency caesarean sections has risen - including obesity , older mothers , and fear of litigation - none of which have anything to do with the presence of dads , " says Patrick O'Brien , a consultant from the Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists .
" Having a baby together is an intense , life - changing experience that most couples want to experience together .
The father can be an immensely reassuring presence for the mother .
" And as for the suggestion that men wo n't cope with the so - called gore - well , most of his role can be carried out at the head - end , talking , mopping her brow , offering sips of water .
Of course a man should n't feel forced to be there , but I have yet to meet one who said after the birth of his baby - ' I wish I 'd stayed at home ' . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
This Chandra X-ray Observatory image shows the central region of the supernova remnant Cassiopeia A ( Cas A , for short ) the remains of a massive star that exploded in our galaxy .
Evidence for a thin carbon atmosphere on a neutron star at the center of Cas A has been found .
Besides resolving a ten - year - old mystery about the nature of this object , this result provides a vivid demonstration of the extreme nature of neutron stars .
An artist 's impression of the carbon - cloaked neutron star is also shown .
Discovered in Chandra 's " First Light " image obtained in 1999 , the point - like X - ray source at the center of Cas A was presumed to be a neutron star , the typical remnant of an exploded star , but it surprisingly did not show any evidence for X - ray or radio pulsations .
By applying a model of a neutron star with a carbon atmosphere to this object , it was found that the region emitting X - rays would uniformly cover a typical neutron star .
This would explain the lack of X - ray pulsations because this neutron star would be unlikely to display any changes in its intensity as it rotates .
The result also provides evidence against the possibility that the collapsed star contains strange quark matter .
The properties of this carbon atmosphere are remarkable .
It is only about four inches thick , has a density similar to diamond and a pressure more than ten times that found at the center of the Earth .
As with the Earth 's atmosphere , the extent of an atmosphere on a neutron star is proportional to the atmospheric temperature and inversely proportional to the surface gravity .
The temperature is estimated to be almost two million degrees , much hotter than the Earth 's atmosphere .
However , the surface gravity on Cas A is 100 billion times stronger than on Earth , resulting in an incredibly thin atmosphere .
The Palm Beach Democratic Party dropped Rep. Dennis Kucinich as the keynote speaker at their fundraiser after objections that he is too critical of Israel .
County Democratic Chairman Mark Alan Siegel , who had invited the Ohio Congressman , explained :
People feel he ’s anti-Israel .
I do n’t read it that way , but the leadership of AIPAC ( the American Israel Public Affairs Committee ) and other elements of the Jewish community do and I do n’t want to get into an argument with them .
Who does ?
Did anyone say AIPAC is not all that powerful anymore ?
I read that JStreet is presenting a significant challenge to that once omnipotent organization .
Maybe someone could suggest to JStreet that they intiate one of their email campaigns to protest AIPAC ’s boycott of Kucinich .
Hey , if you did n’t get it , this is a joke .
If you questioned JStreet , you would find out that that they do not want to get within nine miles of Kucinich , preferring to endorse pro-Israel politicians like Rep. Robert Wexler .
Maybe Kucinich is just too critical of Israel .
Fierce fighting between military forces and the Taliban is underway in Pakistan 's South Waziristan region , officials said Saturday .
The army said it has moved about 30,000 troops into the area , which is the heart of Taliban activity .
Pakistani army spokesman Maj. Gen. Athar Abbas said it was too early to discuss what sort of resistance the army was meeting .
Journalists near South Waziristan said troops are moving into the mountainous region from three directions .
The offensive comes after a wave of deadly Taliban attacks .
More than 170 people have been killed in several co-ordinated strikes against targets in Pakistan cities in the last two weeks
This latest ground operation follows weeks of air and artillery strikes against militant targets in the region , which lies close to the Afghan border .
The army has been surrounding the area for the last three months and cutting off key supply routes used by militants .
Thousands of civilians have fled the area in anticipation of the offensive .
Up to 150,000 civilians left in recent months after the army made clear it was planning an assault , but as many as 350,000 remain .
Environmental groups say the oil leak spilling into the Timor Sea should be declared a national emergency , with one expert likening it to a ” disaster movie ” .
The situation has worsened in the last 24 hours with a fire breaking out on the deck of the West Atlas rig and Montara well head platform , when the company responsible for its operation began to plug the rig ’s leak below the sea bed with mud .
Last Ice
Age took just SIX months to arrive
Climate catastrophe : Rapid climate change was the subject of the Hollywood blockbuster The Day After Tomorrow
It took just six months for a warm and sunny Europe to be engulfed in ice , according to new research .
Previous studies have suggested the arrival of the last Ice Age nearly 13,000 years ago took about a decade - but now scientists believe the process was up to 20 times as fast .
In scenes reminiscent of the Hollywood blockbuster The day After Tomorrow , the Northern Hemisphere was frozen by a sudden slowdown of the Gulf Stream , which allowed ice to spread hundreds of miles southwards from the Arctic .
Geological sciences professor William Patterson , who led the research , said : ' It would have been very sudden for those alive at the time .
It would be the equivalent of taking Britain and moving it to the Arctic over the space of a few months . '
Professor Patterson 's findings emerged from one of the most painstaking studies of climate changes ever attempted and reinforce the theory that the earth 's climate is unstable and can switch between warm and cold incredibly quickly .
His conclusions , published in New Scientist , are based on a study of mud deposits extracted from a lake in Western Ireland , Lough Monreagh - a region he describes as having the ' best mud in the world in scientific terms ' .
Professor Patterson used a precision robotic scalpel to scrape off layers of mud just 0.5 mm thick .
Each layer represented three months of sediment deposition , so variations between them could be used to measure changes in temperature over very short periods .
He found that temperatures had plummeted , with the lake 's plants and animals rapidly dying over just a few months .
Stark warming :
An iceberg melts off Ammassalik Island in Eastern Greenland .
Some scientists believe that if the Greenland ice caps melt , an Ice Age could hit within months
The subsequent mini Ice Age lasted for 1,300 years and was probably caused by the sudden emptying of Lake Agassiz in Canada , which burst its banks and poured freezing freshwater into the North Atlantic and Arctic Oceans .
That would have disrupted the Gulf Stream - the flows of which depend on variations in saline levels and temperature - and allowed the ice to take hold .
Some scientists believe that if the Greenland ice cap melts it could disrupt the world 's ocean currents and have a similarly dramatic effect .
Okay , so I may have added " bitch " for emphasis — but this AT&T vs. Verizon lawsuit over the " Map for That " ads is turning into an all - out PR smackdown .
This stuff is n't even written in proper legal language anymore .
Advertisement
When your lawsuits sound like press releases , it 's because they probably are ( not that we care , the whole case is pretty entertaining ) .
Check out this opening statement from Verizon :
AT&T did not file this lawsuit because Verizon 's " There 's A Map For That " advertisements are untrue ; AT&T sued because Verizon 's ads are true and the truth hurts .
Advertisement
YA BURNT , AT&T !
Verizon goes on to accuse AT&T of failing to adequately expand its 3G coverage to match demand for its smartphones , which is sort of a hard point for AT&T to argue .
Verizon claims that its advertisements are " literally true " ( instead of philosophically true ?
Metaphorically true ?
True in the sense in which it is used in animal husbandry , as in purebred ?
What ? ) and not misleading , and that AT&T has failed to provide customers with an accurate map of its coverage .
It 's pretty great , really — if you 've ever wished the American legal system was more like it is on Law and Order , this whole statement is a gift .
[ Engadget ]
Via Steve Benen , some pretty interesting news that probably will not shock you .
So we 're not the only ones feeling less than enthusiastic about Democratic performance , huh :
The latest Research 2000 poll for Daily Kos included the usual question on the generic congressional ballot , with Dems still enjoying a modest edge over Republicans , 37 % to 32 % , with 31 % unsure .
Democratic numbers were strongest in the Northeast ( 53 % Dems , 7 % GOP ) , and Republican numbers were strongest in the South ( 51 % GOP , 21 % Dems ) .
But this poll added a new question to the mix to measure voter enthusiasm :
" In the 2010 Congressional elections will you definitely vote , probably vote , not likely vote , or definitely will not vote ? "
The overall results are n't nearly as interesting as the partisan breakdown .
Among self - identified Republican voters , 81 % are either " definitely " voting next year or " probably " voting , while 14 % are " not likely " to vote or will " definitely " not vote .
Among self - identified Independent voters , 65 % are either " definitely " voting next year or " probably " voting , while 23 % are " not likely " to vote or will " definitely " not vote .
And among self - identified Democratic voters , 56 % are either " definitely " voting next year or " probably " voting , while 40 % are " not likely " to vote or will " definitely " not vote .
Markos , who called the results " shocking , " explained :
Two in five Democratic voters either consider themselves unlikely to vote at this point in time , or have already made the firm decision to remove themselves from the 2010 electorate pool .
Indeed , Democrats were three times more likely to say that they will " definitely not vote " in 2010 than are Republicans .
This enormous enthusiasm gap ... seems to make passing legitimate health care reform an absolute political necessity for Democrats .
This polling data certainly should be something for Congressional leadership to consider , as they move along the legislative path .
The notion of an enthusiasm gap this year is not exactly new , but we have n't seen numbers quite this stark until now .
What that means is that it's all over but the handshakes and congratulations .
And the signing of a few checks .
It 's virtually certain now that the Syracuse Crunch will play the Binghamton Senators on Feb. 20 at the State Fairgrounds , in what will be the first outdoor game in AHL history .
A press event to announce the game should be scheduled in the next couple of weeks .
The Crunch is trying to coordinate the schedules of Sen. Charles Schumer and Gov. David Paterson , who want to attend to event .
Both have been instrumental in keeping the idea alive and finding funding for it .
" All systems are go , '' said Syracuse owner Howard Dolgon .
Schumer compared the effort to being on an opponent 's 5 - yard line in football , ready to cross the goal line .
The game was all but dead when the notion of holding it at Alliance Bank Stadium fell through , but Schumer helped revive it with the help of county and state fair officials .
( An aside : Is n't it curious that the County Legislature all but thumbed its nose at this idea - one that would have cost nothing except money from a fund created to promote the area - but the Governor and one of the most powerful men in the Senate could n't move quickly enough to help out ?
Hmmm . )
Schumer joked that he was inspired by mascot
Al the ice gorilla , whom he met at a press conference in Syracuse last summer .
" It 's not a done deal yet , but it almost is .
I 've spent a lot of time on this , '' Schumer said Tuesday evening .
" It 's a great day for Syracuse hockey .
At the end of the day , it will make money .
Twenty - thousand seats , they will all be filled up . ''
Dolgon and his staff are still trying to nail down all the logistics .
The game will cost in the $ 700,000 range to put on , which the Crunch footing much of that bill , about $ 400,000 - $ 500,000 .
The Crunch 's costs will vary depending upon how much needs to be spent on marketing
The team has already rounded up a lot of sponsorship commitments , as well .
If the event goes as well as expected , it 's been estimated that it could be worth $ 1 million to the local economy .
Dolgon is going for the AHL's all - time attendance record ( 20,672 , Kentucky at Carolina , Jan. 18 , 1997 ) .
The tentative pricing has premium seats going for $ 50 , regular seats for $ 30 and $ 25 , and standing room for $ 20 .
Dolgon thinks the spotlight on the game will be brighter because the NHL will be off for its Olympic break .
" It 's not an event that happens every day or every week , '' Dolgon said .
Dolgon plans on turning the game into a celebration of New York hockey history , with guest appearances from famous players raised in the state or who played for a NY - based NHL team .
The team 's staff will now attack the immense extra legwork of selling thousands of tickets , putting together more sponsorship packages and marketing this huge project in three short months .
All with the demands of the regular season keeping them busy , as well .
" I think we 'll have enough time , '' Dolgon said .
" There 's been a lot of momentum leading up to it . ''
Lindsay Kramer
LKramer@Syracuse.com
My iPhone 3GS , in downtown Chicago , as I wrote this post .
My iPhone 3GS , in downtown Chicago , as I wrote this post .
With both 3G and EDGE coverage , customers can access the Internet , send e-mail , surf the Web , stream music , download videos , send photos , text , talk and more .
The only difference – with some data applications , 3G is faster than EDGE .
Verizon certainly seems to be getting under AT&T 's skin with its ads focused on comparing 3G coverage -- not only is Ma Bell suing over 'em , it 's now issuing PR to clarify what it sees as the inaccuracies of the entire campaign .
If you 'll recall , AT&T thinks Verizon 's 1:1 comparison of 3G coverage maps makes it look like AT&T does n't have any coverage at all across most of the country -- which means that our nation 's largest wireless carrier is now in the sad position of pimping its gigantic EDGE network in response .
Let 's all gloss over the absolutely huge difference in 3G versus EDGE together , shall we ?
Right , right -- the only difference .
That must be why Apple named it the iPhone EDGE Slightly Faster .
Now , AT&T has a valid point when it says that its 3G map covers 75 percent of the nation 's population , and that Verizon 's conflation of total 3G coverage with actual network quality is slightly misleading .
But you know what ?
We watch our iPhones drop from 3G to EDGE and even to GPRS all day long in New York , Chicago , and San Francisco , and that has nothing to do with the damn map , andto do with AT&T 's actual network quality .
Let 's put it this way : Verizon 's ad campaign would be totally ineffective if it did n't ring so true , and the best way for AT&T to counter these ads is to build a rock - solid network , not filing lawsuits and issuing press releases bragging about freaking EDGE .
We all clear on this ?
Good .
News , views and top stories in your inbox .
Do n't miss our must - read newsletter Sign up Thank you for subscribing
We have more newsletters
Show me See our privacy notice Invalid Email
A girl of 16 has received 50 lashes in Sudan for wearing an " indecent " skirt - even though it was below the knee .
Silva Kashif is a Christian from the south of the African country .
But authorities in the north - who enforce strict Islamic law - decreed she be punished on the spot after she was arrested while visiting a Khartoum market last week .
She now plans to sue over the public morality " error " , which follows the high - profile case of journalist Lubna Hussein , whose 40 lashes sentence for wearing trousers was eventually cut to a fine .
In the critically adored new PlayStation 3 game Uncharted 2 : Among Thieves ( out now ) , wise - cracking adventurer Nathan Drake returns in search of more lost treasure , romance , and spectacularly rendered gun violence .
As you may have already gleaned from the screenshot above , Uncharted 2 is a great leap forward from its predecessor in all expected areas ( graphics , level design , impressiveness of helicopter explosions , etc. ) .
What ’s the same is the elegant storytelling , well - developed characters , and immersive , cinematic gameplay that makes you feel like you ’re watching a great adventure film .
Last week , on the day of the game ’s release , we spoke with its creative director , Naughty Dog ’s Amy Hennig , to find out how they did it .
You ’re the game ’s creative director .
What does that job entail ?
We have both a creative director and a game director , and these two jobs are halves of a whole .
So I work hand in hand with our game director , and his focus is primarily on how the big vision gets translated into the gameplay .
And my focus is , how does the big vision get translated into story , characters , and cinematics .
Together , we try to make sure the whole thing is a flowing cinematic experience .
So to put it briefly , my main focus is on story and writing and working with the actors .
Where do you even begin work on a game like Uncharted 2 ?
You start with a bunch of research .
Thank god for the Internet — this used to be a lot harder when I had to go to the library .
We knew we wanted to do something very different than a jungle island [ where the first Uncharted was set ] .
So the first thing we thought of was snow and East Asia and the Himalayas .
In terms of mythology , that took us to the idea of Shangri - La and Shamballah .
And from a historical perspective , it immediately made us think of Marco Polo .
So I picked up a biography of Marco Polo and it just turned out that there was this interesting , convenient mystery about him , which was this journey home of his where he lost thirteen of his ships and hundreds of passengers and never said anything about it .
We thought , “ That ’s awesome . ”
And then were just off and running .
The level of detail in this game is impressive — one of the characters has nose hairs , even .
Can you give me an example of something that ’s in there that most players wo n’t notice right away ?
Well , we had one low camera shot , so we figured you ’ve got to have the nose hair .
He ’s in his nineties .
We always say there are so many things that if we do them right you would never notice .
The amount of detail that goes into the character models , especially on their faces …
You think about something like an eyeball and the amount of work that goes into making that not seem like a creepy , painted - on sphere .
You actually have to model in the concave iris and actually work out the refraction of the cornea and how the light bounces around in there .
It ’s stuff that a few years ago we did n’t even consider .
But now , if you do n’t get it right , the characters just seem like scary mannequins .
The game is being positively compared to lots of recent adventure movies .
Could your team make a movie ?
We probably could .
And honestly — and I ’m sure I ’m being completely foolish to say so — but in some ways I think it would be a lot easier .
What we do is so complicated .
People have made analogies before — it ’s like you ’re trying to shoot a movie while inventing the movie camera .
We have to write these game engines to make the game do what it does .
An industry like film , where there ’s some new technologies but a lot of it is working in very familiar territory , there ’s a formula they can use .
Whereas we ’re right out on the bleeding edge all the time .
The camera movement is really great in this game .
Were you consulting with a cinematographer ?
No .
We have programmers that focus on camera control and camera movement as one of their primary concerns .
It is really an art , to make sure they ’re adjusting and creating triggers for the camera to do appropriate things at appropriate times , to present the scene to the player in a way that does n’t fell like you ’re being led by the nose through the game , but also shows you what you need to see .
Unfortunately , that ’s where a lot of games fall flat .
We do n’t have any particular person who ’s a specialist , but that would actually be handy to have someone who is shepherding that whole thing .
Were there any specific parts of the game that took the longest development time ??
The stuff that ’s on the moving terrain .
The level on the train probably more than anything else .
After finishing the first Uncharted , we said we know we want to have a sequence on a moving train .
We do n’t know where that train ’s going to be , we do n’t know what the story ’s going to be , but let ’s get working on it .
And it was literally one of the last levels to be finished .
So you ’re talking about almost two years of development on a single level — and one designer that was committed to it the entire time , so thank God for him .
Columbia Pictures is developing an Uncharted movie .
Can you tell us anything about it ?
It ’s definitely in the works , I can tell people .
We ’ve got the best possible partners we could in Columbia Pictures .
If anybody ’s got any fears of them not understanding the material or not loving it as much as we do , they can wipe those fears away , because these guys really get it .
I can say from the meetings I ’ve had with them so far , their hearts and their heads are absolutely in the right place .
Uncharted is pretty cinematic already , which should make it fairly easy to adapt into a film .
Do you feel sorry for the guys who have to turn plotless games like Asteroids or the Sims into movies ?
Yeah , it ’s amazing how everything gets optioned these days .
I guess people are desperate for ideas .
The glass - half - full aspect is that it gives them a lot of creative freedom .
But I think because Uncharted is coming from this long , long tradition of the action - adventure genre , it ’s a very natural transition back to film .
It certainly does make it easier .
Will Uncharted 3 be a PS3 game , or will it be for Sony ’s next console ?
I do n’t think I ’m able to talk about any of that right now .
On a completely general level , the PS3 is an amazing piece of hardware that both us and other developers are only now tapping into its full potential .
There ’s a lot of life in that box .
That ’s really the best answer I can give you .
So are you allowed to say what you ’re working on now ?
Well , what we do after we finish a project is we try to push people out of the building so they can all go on vacation .
And we expect people to take several weeks off and just chill .
But when people are back in the office we want people to explore new ideas regardless of what that idea might be associated with project - wise .
So it might be a pet piece of technology , a cool little optimization a programmer wants to do .
It gives people a little elbow room to try out some ideas that they can then pitch to the team .
Inevitably , these ideas end up being a core part of whatever the next project is .
What did you think of Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull ?
Obviously , you ’re a fan of the series .
Yeah , of the series for sure .
Those guys are our heroes and have been a huge inspiration .
Boy , they had a tough row to hoe with Crystal Skull .
You take something that ’s so beloved from people ’s childhoods and you ’re almost inevitably going to disappoint people , right ?
That ’s a tough job and I deliberately went to a midnight screening and I went with certain expectations , and you know what , I really enjoyed the movie .
I understand people ’s complaints about it and there are certain things I look at and go , “ Yeah , they probably should have done that differently . ”
And they probably do too .
But all in all , I was one of those people that came out going , “ Yeah , that was fun . ”
At the end of the day , that ’s what we ’re trying to do too .
A Russian icebreaker carrying more than 100 tourists , scientists and journalists on a cruise around Antarctica was struggling to free itself from sea ice about 5 miles from clear water on Tuesday , a shipping company said .
MOSCOW ( AP ) 
A Russian icebreaker carrying over 100 tourists and scientists to see emperor penguins in Antarctica has been crunching through pack ice and should reach clear water soon , a shipping official said Wednesday .
The Captain Khlebnikov icebreaker has been struggling to free itself from heavy sea ice near Snow Hill Island in the Weddell Sea .
It was supposed to return to Ushuaia , Argentina , two days ago but now is not expected until this weekend at the earliest .
Officials have said the people onboard were n't in any danger and were using the unplanned stop to take helicopter tours of the area .
Snow Hill Island lies off the northern end of the Antarctic Peninsula , which juts up toward South America .
Tatyana Kulikova , a spokeswoman for the Fareastern Shipping Company , which owns the ship , said the icebreaker has broken through three nautical miles of pack ice since Tuesday and is now just a half - mile from clear water .
She spoke Wednesday to the ITAR - Tass news agency .
The shipping company initially said the cruise ship was waiting for stronger winds to break up the huge ice pack , but Kulikova said the icebreaker was successfully freeing itself even though the winds remained light .
" The icebreaker keeps moving thanks to the skills of its captain and the crew , " she said .
The cruise was advertised as a unique opportunity to watch emperor penguins in their natural habitat .
Natalie Amos , a spokeswoman for Exodus Travel , said 51 British tourists were among the ship 's 101 passengers .
Two - week Antarctic tours aboard the Captain Khlebnikov range from $ 13,890 to $ 22,690 per person .
The Finnish - built icebreaker has been used as a cruise ship for several years and carries two helicopters .
Copyright 2009 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
A tenet of economics is that in competitive markets there are no economic rents .
That is , people get fairly paid for their efforts , their capital input , and for bearing risk .
They are not paid any more than is necessary as an incentive for production .
In trying to understand the reason for the huge pay scale within the finance industry , we can either try to justify the pay level as being a fair one in terms of the competitive market place , or ask in what ways the financial industry deviates from the competitive economic model in order to allow economic rents .
Do the banks operate in a competitive market ?
No one expects competitive levels of compensation when there are deviations from a competitive market .
In what ways might the banks – and here I mean the largest banks and those banks that morphed over the past year from being investment banks – fall away from the model of pure competition ?
One way is through creating inefficiencies to keep competitive forces at bay .
Banks can do this , for example , by constructing informational asymmetries between themselves and their clients .
This gets into those pages of small print that you see in various investment and loan contracts .
What we might call gotcha clauses and what the banks call revenue enhancers .
And it also gets into the use of complex derivatives and other “ innovative products ” that are hard for the clients to understand , much less price .
Another way is to misprice risk and push it into other parts of the economy .
The fair economic payoff increases with the amount of risk taken .
If a bank takes on more risk it should get a higher expected payoff .
If the bank can get paid as if it is taking on risk while actually pushing the risk onto someone else , then it will start to pull in economic rents .
The use of innovative products comes up again in this context .
They provide a vehicle for the banks to push risk to others at a less than fair price .
Or , they can push the risk onto the taxpayers by hiding the risk and then invoking the too - big - to - fail protections when it comes to be realized .
The current “ heads I win , tails you lose ” debate centers precisely on this point .
A third , and most obvious reason banks might not be economically competitive entities is the organization of the industry .
There are barriers to entry .
No one can just decide to set up a major bank .
And there are constraint in the amount of business any one bank can do .
As we have seen with Citigroup , there finally are diseconomies of scale – after a point the communication and management issues make the bank less efficient and more prone to crisis .
If there is fixed supply , then the banks can push up the price of their services .
The crisis over this past year has made matters worse .
If you are one of those still standing , you are a beneficiary of that crisis , which has choked off the supply even further .
Are the workers getting paid fairly for their efforts ?
An alternative to the idea that the industry is not competitive is that the industry really is competitive and those who are getting these outsized paychecks are being fairly compensated for their efforts .
This comes back to the term we hear bandied about in conversations on banker compensation : talent .
There is no denying there are many smart people in the banking industry .
( Though I think from a social welfare standpoint , we might have done better if some of those physicist and mathematicians that populate the ranks of the banks had found greener pastures in , say , the biological sciences ) .
But I do n’t buy the notion that there are so many who have the level of talent that justifies tens and even hundreds of million in compensation .
I think this level of compensation , and the notion of talent behind it , is the result of the inherent uncertainty in the financial enterprise , one that makes it very difficult to assess talent .
Indeed , I think the invocations of talent for money producers in finance are akin to those that , in times past , were set aside for the mystical powers of saints and witches .
Far more than other fields of endeavor , it is difficult in finance to tell if someone is good or lucky .
A top trader or hedge fund manager might have a Sharpe Ratio of 1.0 or 2.0 .
But that Sharpe Ratio is nothing less that a statement that if you get a hundred people trading , a few will do well just by luck .
( And it does n’t matter if that Sharpe Ratio occurred over the period of one year or twenty – though the greater sample size helps , it is still the same point in terms of statistical inference , so a long track record does not get you away from this problem ) .
How does this tie in with saints and witches ?
People want certainty , and if they ca n’t get the certainty they want from the empirical , they fall back on superstition and witchcraft , or at least they used to way back when .
In some medieval village , a priest prayed and a supplicant was healed .
The odds that the supplicant would have healed spontaneously was whatever it was , but there was more of a sense of certainty to feel that it was the manifestation of healing power .
There were false saints and true saints .
The difference between them became manifest over time by how frequently the prayers were answered with affirmative results .
Not that any saint had to bat a thousand .
Sometimes there were understandable , exogenous circumstances that inhibited the saint ’s healing talents from being operative , most commonly a lack of righteousness on the part of the supplicant , occasionally an inevitability , a higher power that overshadowed that of the saint .
Maybe the will of God , maybe an unknown , evil curse .
In continuation of its pursuit to buy firms in niche areas , Infosys Technologies , the country ’s second largest IT services firm , is actively looking at acquiring companies in the consulting and healthcare spaces in the range of $ 400 - 500 million .
“ We are looking at spending up to 10 per cent of our revenues , which could be in the range of $ 400 - 500 million , to acquire companies in niche areas like consulting and healthcare , ” Infosys CFO V Balakrishnan told Business Standard .
He said the company was primarily looking at companies with a strong presence in Europe .
“ We are also open to the US if we get the right candidates , ” he added .
He expects the acquisition to either give it a geographical presence or a strong consulting base which can enhance its revenues from the enterprise solutions business going forward .
Balakrishnan simultaneously rubbished some reports that Infosys is planning to buy European consulting firm Ciber Novasoft .
Balakrishnan said : “ I completely deny this .
We are n’t looking at this company . ”
Infosys , for long , had been trying to strengthen its consulting practice as clients are now asking for more advisory - related work .
Consulting and enterprise solution business together constitutes about 25 per cent Infosys ’ business today .
In August last year , Infosys had offered to acquire European SAP consulting firm Axon Group , which could not materialise due to a counter offer by HCL Technologies .
HCL finally acquired the company .
Infosys , according to industry sources , is on the lookout for consulting firms in European countries .
However , the process is getting delayed because of the fact that there are very few pure - play European consulting companies at the moment .
It is learnt that Infosys is scouting for acquisitions in continental Europe , as this would give it a platform to get into certain European countries which have been traditionally conservative in terms of outsourcing .
Infosys , which had a cash reserve of $ 2.8 billion ( Rs 13,796 crore ) at the end of September 30 , 2009 , has been traditionally conservative in its inorganic pursuit , as compared to its industry peers .
The company has so far made three acquisitions including the recent acquisition of US - based insurance BPO services provider McCamish Systems for about $ 58 million .
Posted on by skyler hype
We ’ve Moved !
Hello there , we apologize about the inconvenience but we felt like it was time for a change of scenery and have moved to a new location at :
We ’ve migrated all our posts over to the new site , so if you ’re looking for a particular post you can find it there .
Filed under : Uncategorized | 2 Comments »
Goofs
In the opening scene where Dicky Eklund and Micky Ward are walking through the streets while getting filmed , one of the onlookers has a tattoo with the ' new ' NE Patriots logo .
While probably an error , this logo was first used in 1993 , the year this scene takes place in .
See more
Around the World Program , Part 1
November 11 , 2009
Scans from the American Geographic Society , Around the World box set ( 1959 ) .
This post includes the Arabian Peninsula , Easter Mediterranean and Japan .
This set at hi-res on flickr
The tourist trade is withering , down 20 pc last season by revenue .
Turkey was up .
It is hard to pin down how much is a currency effect , but clearly Greece has priced itself out of the Club Med market .
Wages rose a staggering 12 pc in the 2008 - 2009 pay - round alone ( IMF data ) , suicidal in a Teutonic currency union .
Greece has slipped to 71st in the competitiveness index of the World Economic Forum , behind Egypt and Botswana .
A reader writes :
Um :
When she got off the bus , wearing her familiar uniform of black skirt , high heels and red blazer , she waved with one hand and held her son Trig , dressed in a striped green sweater , in the other .
The group erupted in applause .
She walked to a small platform in the middle of the crowd , said " Thank you so much for showing up , " and handed Trig to an aide .
What is the point of carrying the baby to the platform and then handing him to an aide ?
Why not leave him on the bus with an aide ?
Is he just a prop ?
PDF Version
Arrays have traditionally been an awkward data structure for Haskell programmers .
Despite the large number of array libraries available , they have remained relatively awkward to use in comparison to the rich suite of purely functional data structures , such as fingertrees or finite maps .
Arrays have simply not been first class citizens in the language .
In this talk I ’ll begin with a survey of the more than a dozen array types available , including some new matrix libraries developed in the past year .
I ’ll then describe a new efficient , pure , and flexible array library for Haskell with a list like interface , based on work in the Data Parallel Haskell project , that employs stream fusion to dramatically reduce the cost of pure arrays .
The implementation will be presented from the ground up , along with a discussion of the entire compilation process of the library , from source to assembly .
The library described in this talk is available on hackage , and is now used by a few projects , including haskell - monte - carlo haskell - pqueue - mtl haskell - statistics - fusion haskell - uvector - algorithms and Bryan O’Sullivan ’s new uber benchmark suite .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
This talk was originally presented at Galois on August 28th , 2008 .
by Frank Azzurro on April 27 , 2009
“ The Department of Health and Human Services has declared a Public Health Emergency as a precautionary tool to ensure that we have the resources we need at our disposal to respond quickly and effectively , ” Obama told a gathering of scientists , amid increasing worries worldwide about a possible pandemic .
In the United States , a private school in South Carolina was closed Monday because of fears that young people returning from Mexico might have been infected . ” [+]
Reverse colonization never took such a hard blow .
A Mexican illegal is on the border , right now , hearing word about this , and has one foot in one country and one in the other .
Maybe his thought process would go something like this :
Go into the US at risk of swine flu but free medical care ; go back to Mexico at risk of swine flu and not - so - great medical facilities .
I do n’t think this changes much about our illegal immigration issue .
It does highlight a couple of important points though , and people tend to largely ignore these in the politically heated debate about illegal immigration :
As awful as the immigration worker in The Godfather Part II was to Vito Andolini by changing his name to Corleone , checking his eyes , ears , nose , and throat for sickness was a good thing for our nation .
I know ; I ’m the child of a legal Italian immigrant , the family of whom was rejected three times at the embassy due to eye infection in one child .
Tolerance of everything except intolerance – this logic is hit hard by the simple reality that if you tolerate everything and everyone in a given society , you end up with no culture , no mores , nothing to which you can anchor your society .
So “ swine flu outbreak – let ’s shut down the border for a while and sort this out , oh and by the way , we ’re going to screen all passengers coming back from Mexico ” becomes “ swine flu – oh no – Obama will put the CDC into action and save us , all hail our savior ! ”
We treat symptoms and effects in our society instead of causes : it ’s sickening , it ca n’t last , and our country will crumble if we continue down this path .
Tags : barack obama , multiculturalism
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
KANDAHAR , Afghanistan | U.S. military officials sent a medical team to a remote outpost in southern Afghanistan this week to take blood samples from members of an Army unit after a soldier in the unit died from an Ebola - like virus .
Dr. Jim Radike , an expert in internal medicine and infectious diseases at the Role 3 Trauma Hospital at Kandahar Air Field , told The Washington Times that Sgt. Robert David Gordon , 22 , from River Falls , Ala. , died Sept. 16 from what turned out to be Crimean - Congo hemorrhagic fever after he was bitten by a tick .
The virus is transmitted by infected blood and can be carried by ticks , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( CDC ) .
Dr. Radike , who is with the Navy , said the medical team “ will be taking blood samples and the results may take several weeks to get back . ”
He called it “ a precautionary measure . ”
Dr. Radike did not say how many individuals would be tested or why the military had waited until now to act .
The unit involved is the 5th Stryker Brigade , 2nd Infantry division , A - Company 2 - 1 Infantry .
The news comes as the Pentagon disclosed that it has sent 150,000 doses of vaccine for the H1N1 swine flu virus to Qatar for distribution to U.S. troops in Iraq and Afghanistan - half of what U.S. Central Command has requested .
More than a half dozen
Afghans have died of the disease , which apparently was transmitted to the country by foreigners .
Pentagon press secretary Geoff Morrell told reporters Wednesday , “ We ’re doing everything within our power to make sure our guys downrange get this [ vaccine ] as soon as possible . ”
Dr. Radke said the hemorrhagic fever is similar to Ebola “ in that the end there is internal degeneration and external bleeding .
From the Black Sea to upper Turkey , you ’ll see a dozen or more cases a year .
Afghanistan falls right in the middle . ”
The disease was first reported in the Crimea in 1944 , then in the Congo in 1956 , according to the World Health Organization .
An outbreak was reported eight years ago in Quetta , the capital of Pakistan ’s Baluchistan province , which borders Afghanistan .
Dr. Radke said U.S. soldiers in Afghanistan not only have to worry about the Taliban but also a host of ailments not commonly found in the West .
“ Diarrheal diseases , typhoid fever , skin ailments and tuberculosis are some of what we have to be on the lookout for , ” he said .
“ It ’s important for soldiers to get medical help early on if they are not feeling well or have been bitten .
It ’s too risky not to have a doctor take a look at it . ”
Dr. Radike also advised soldiers to “ wash their hands often ; it ’s as simple as that . ”
Symptoms of Crimean - Congo hemorrhagic fever include sudden fever , dizziness , neck pain , aching muscles , soreness in the eyes and sensitivity to light .
Early on , nausea , vomiting and sore throat occur .
The virus incubation period depends on how the virus was acquired .
If the infection is via tick bite , the incubation period is roughly one to three days , with a maximum of nine days , Dr. Radike said .
If the illness is not caught early , it is often fatal , he said .
The mortality rate is 30 percent , according to the CDC .
Lt. Col. Jeffrey French , Sgt. Gordon ’s battalion commander , told The Times from Forward Operating Base Ramrod , to the west of Kandahar City , that the soldier ’s death “ was a tragic loss for everyone . ”
It started out as a small bite on the foot , Col. French said .
The Stryker Brigade has lost 27 soldiers since its deployment to Afghanistan in July , most from improvised explosive devices .
“ We never would have thought we ’d see the death of a young soldier from such a rare illness , ” Col .
French said .
“ You can prepare for almost anything out here but how do you prepare for that ? ”
Sgt. Gordon ’s decorations and awards include the National Defense Service Medal , Army Service Ribbon , Expert Infantryman Badge , Parachutist Badge and V - Device for valor .
He was also awarded three Army Achievement medals .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
Posted by Buellboy
Last night Rachel Maddow interviewed NBA Houston Rockets star Tracy ( T - Mac ) McGrady and John Prendergast on her show .
When McGrady heard about the massive challenges children from Darfur were facing in the refugee camps , he decided to travel there .
Prendergast escorted McGrady to the Darfur region where they filmed ‘ 3 Points ‘ .
McGrady created the ‘ Darfur Dream Team ‘ and continues to donate his time and money to help educate Darfuri refugees .
To learn more about the Dafur Dream Team , click their logo below .
Thanks to the HULU , we are able to show you the feature film in its entirety .
3 Points
Vodpod videos no longer available .
TAKE ACTION NOW : Ask political decision makers , media outlets , and influence leaders to speak out on Sudan Now .
Go back to jail .
That ’s the message from Obama administration lawyers to former Alabama Gov. Don Siegelman , whose case became a cause célèbre among Bush administration critics as ground zero of alleged political prosecutions .
The seeming disconnect between Obama ’s team and numerous Democrats — including House Judiciary Committee Chairman John Conyers , Jr. , who ’s investigated Siegelman ’s case — may be because President George W. Bush ’s US Attorney in Alabama is still in office .
Democrats still have n’t settled on a replacement , some eleven months after Obama ’s inauguration .
ADVERTISEMENT
In advice to the Supreme Court made public early this week , Obama ’s Justice Department stood firmly behind the position of Bush US Attorneys who won Siegelman ’s conviction on bribery charges in 2006 .
The two US Attorneys connected to the case were Bush appointees — whose numerous conflicts of interest were documented in the Raw Story series , “ The Permanent Republican Majority , ” which received a nomination for best investigative reporting by the Online News Association in 2008 .
In September 2007 , GOP whistleblower Dana Jill Simpson testified before lawyers for the House Judiciary Committee and described a conference call among onetime Rove associate Bill Canary , Governor Bob Riley ’s ( Riley succeeded Siegelman ) son Rob and other Riley campaign aides , which she said took place on Nov. 18 , 2002 — the same day Don Siegelman conceded the 2002 gubernatorial election .
Simpson alleged that Canary had said that “ Rove had spoken with the Department of Justice ” about “ pursuing ” Siegelman and had also advised Riley ’s staff “ not to worry about Don Siegelman ” because “ ‘ his girls ’ would take care of ” the governor .
The “ girls ” allegedly referenced by Bill Canary were his wife , Leura Canary — who was appointed by George W. Bush in 2001 as the US Attorney for the Middle District of Alabama — and Alice Martin , another 2001 Bush appointee as the US Attorney for the Northern District of Alabama .
Rove later would argue that Simpson ’s claims were spurious , and says that he had no involvement whatsoever in Siegelman ’s case .
Regardless , other problems with the case led 91 state attorneys general to seek a review of Siegelman ’s conviction .
But the Obama administration does n’t agree .
They argue that federal prosecutors have proven their case .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Under a standard that requires not just a quid pro quo , but one that is verbally spelled out with all ‘i ’s dotted and ‘t ’s crossed , all but the most careless public officials will be able to avoid criminal liability for exchanging official action for campaign contributions , ” lawyers for the administration say in court papers papers .
Siegelman was freed on appeal early last year .
He was originally sentenced to seven years in prison .
Legal Newsline notes that the former attorney generals say that the governor ’s conviction raises free speech issues .
ADVERTISEMENT
They said it was not against the law for Siegelman to appoint former HealthSouth CEO Richard Scrushy to a hospital regulatory board after Scrushy arranged for $ 500,000 in donations to Siegelman ’s campaign for a statewide lottery .
They said there was no agreement between the governor and Scrushy concerning the appointment .
“ This case concerns the criminalization of conduct protected by the First Amendment – the giving and receiving of campaign contributions , ” the group ’s amicus brief said .
Nine law professors have also joined Siegelman ’s campaign for vindication , the wire notes .
ADVERTISEMENT
The Siegelman case was assigned to Judge Mark Fuller , a former district attorney whom George W. Bush had nominated for a federal judgeship in August 2002 .
Fuller was accused by his Siegelman - appointed successor in the district attorney ’s office of falsifying payroll records with intent to defraud the Alabama retirement system , leading him to back Riley during that year ’s election .
Siegelman was accused of accepting a $ 500,000 donation from HealthSouth founder Richard M. Scrushy in exchange for an appointment to the Alabama hospital regulatory board .
That donation went to pay off a debt incurred by a non-profit foundation set up by Siegelman and others to promote an education lottery in a state referendum .
However , Siegelman ’s attorney argued that he did not control the foundation by which the debt was incurred , nor did he take money from or profit from the foundation .
The case dragged on until June 2006 , shortly after Siegelman was defeated in the Democratic primary .
A few weeks later , he was acquitted of 25 of the 32 counts against him , but he was ultimately convicted on the other seven , after the jury had deadlocked twice and been sent back to deliberate by Judge Fuller .
During the trial itself there were many irregularities , including strong indications of jury tampering involving two jurors .
ADVERTISEMENT
With earlier reporting by Larisa Alexandrovna .
A University of California Board of Regents committee today approved a series of controversial increases in student fees that , if passed by the full board , will raise UC undergraduate education costs by more than $ 2,500 , or 32 % , in two steps by fall 2010 .
The finance committee vote is expected to be endorsed by the full Board of Regents on Thursday .
The two - day meeting is being held at UCLA , where today 's session has been marked by raucous protests with at least 14 arrests .
The first step of the fee hike , costing undergraduates an additional $ 585 , will take effect in January .
Next fall , students will see another $ 1,344 increase , bringing the UC education fees to $ 10,302 , along with about $ 1,000 in campus - based charges .
That does not include room , board and books , which can add another $ 16,000 .
Demonstrations broke out inside the meeting hall at UCLA 's Covel Commons soon after the meeting began this morning .
A presentation on the budget and fee increase proposal by UC President Mark Yudof was interrupted .
Police cleared the public from the hall but a group of protesters refused to leave , standing and singing “ We Shall Overcome . ”
They were escorted out and handcuffed and police said they would be cited for misdemeanor unlawful assembly .
It was not clear whether they were students .
Outside the hall , meanwhile , an estimated 300 students and union activists faced off against a large contingent of UC police in riot gear and carrying non-lethal weapons .
At one point , bottles were thrown and police pushed the crowd away from the front door .
There were no reports of serious injuries or additional arrests beyond the 14 people arrested inside .
-- Larry Gordon at UCLA
Photo : UCLA students , from left , Frances Clark , 20 , a history major , and Amanda Bahamonde , 20 , a biology student , protest student fee hikes today at UCLA .
Credit : Barbara Davidson / Los Angeles Times .
More breaking news at L.A. Now :
Donuts for Dads : 250 men read to students at Watts elementary school
L.A. City Council lists top 10 places where bureaucracy makes it hard to film
UC regents expected to partner with L.A. County in reopening Martin Luther King Jr. Hospital
L.A. City Council puts off marijuana vote until next week at the earliest
Cal State trustees approve budget ; protesters rally outside Long Beach headquarters
From The Archives : Rev. Moon 's Troubled Generation Next Update :
In a normal world , the question of who will succeed a crazed cult leader like the 89 - year - old Rev. Sun Myung Moon would not be an issue of much public importance .
But – incredibly – Moon ’s money - laundering empire was allowed to become a major funding source for America ’s powerful right - wing media and key Republicans .
Estimates of how much money Moon has poured into the Washington Times , which since 1982 has been a major Republican propaganda outlet , range into the billions of dollars .
Many millions of dollars more have gone into the coffers of right - wing organizations and into the pockets of key politicians , including members of the Bush family .
So , America ’s Right and the GOP had reasons to hope that Moon would oversee a smooth transition to a new generation of leaders and keep the mysterious overseas money flowing into the U.S. right - wing media / political machinery .
However , things have n’t gone as planned , with an apparent succession struggle breaking out between two of Moon ’s sons , Hyun Jin “ Preston ” Moon and a younger brother , Hyung - jin Moon , with the Washington Times emerging as one of the battlefields .
This week , three top executives – Times publisher Thomas McDevitt , chairman Dong Moon Joo ( not a Moon son ) , and chief financial officer Keith Cooperrider – were ousted as part of a power struggle that has been simmering for months .
In one recent rant at his New York estate , Sun Myung Moon even warned that he might shut down the Washington Times because of his anger over the dissension .
“ Even if I get rid of the Washington Times , I can create a better newspaper company in Russia or China within six months , ” Moon told a gathering of his Unification Church followers on Sept. 18 , 2009 , according to notes published at a Moon Web site .
“ I worry whether to keep the Washington Times alive .
The Washington Times has to take responsibility for people going to hell in America . ”
Moon then ordered several Washington Times executives to hug each other , including two of the executives , McDevitt and Dong Moon Joo , who were fired this week .
At the same bizarre Sept. 18 gathering , Moon added , “ I did not come here for the Washington Times ; I came to the U.S. to build a Peace Army and Peace Police , not to solve the Washington Times problem .
This is much more important than the Washington Times . ”
Moon boasted that , “ Even in America now , I know about 70 % of the 200 main people in the media world .
How could I know them ?
It ’s because Heaven taught me and God taught me about them .
Do you understand ? ” Though Moon ’s acolytes have often tried to portray Moon as a great admirer of the United States , his private comments have long revealed his contempt for American democratic values and the nation ’s respect for individualism .
In speeches to Unification Church members , Moon has vowed to subjugate the United States through a political takeover that would involve liquidating Americans who resisted .
In the mid-1990s , for instance , Moon vowed that his theocratic movement would “ swallow entire America ” and once that takeover was complete , there would be “ some individuals who complain inside your stomach .
However , they will be digested . ”
[ See Robert Parry ’s Secrecy & Privilege . ]
As recently as an Aug. 31 , 2009 , speech in Las Vegas , Moon was again musing about how Americans would have to die so his movement could succeed .
“ Because of mistakes and disunity , American people will have to shed blood , ” Moon told a group of his followers .
But Moon ’s plans to subjugate the United States rely mostly on his belief that he has infiltrated American power centers , particularly through his lavish funding of the Right and pro-Republican media .
Thus , Moon ’s succession is a matter of concern to Republicans and right - wing groups that have long fed at Moon ’s financial trough .
And , troubles with Moon ’s succession date back to the 1990s when his first plan was to elevate Hyo Jin , his oldest son by his current marriage .
But Hyo Jin proved to a spoiled young man who abused cocaine and beat his wife , setting the stage for one of the notable public embarrassments of Moon ’s career .
After Hyo Jin ’s wife , Nansook , fled Moon ’s compound north of New York City , some of the sordid personal facts came out , as well as evidence of money - laundering .
Hyo Jin was pushed aside in favor of younger siblings .
( Hyo Jin died on March 17 , 2008 , of an apparent heart attack at the age of 45 . )
In 1997 , the final part of our series on the “ Dark Side of Rev. Moon ” took a look at Moon ’s troubled “ Generation Next ” and the collapse of the Hyo Jin Moon succession :
In August 1995 , a thin dark - haired Asian woman furtively led her five children in an escape from an elegant mansion on an 18 - acre estate overlooking the Hudson River north of New York City .
Email
Printer friendly Fearful of her tyrannical husband , the woman was abandoning a life as a modern - day princess who had " wanted for nothing , " a pampered existence with docile American servants tending to her every need .
But her husband 's violent behavior , made worse by a cocaine addiction and strange sexual habits , finally drove the woman to flight .
She took her children from Irvington , New York , to Massachusetts and hid out with relatives .
The woman 's story bubbled briefly to the surface weeks later when she filed for a divorce in Middlesex Probate Court in Massachusetts .
But the case still received little attention , even though it held the key to unlocking secrets of a troubling international scandal involving power , money and sex .
The woman was Nansook Moon , described by friends as resembling a Korean Faye Dunaway .
Nansook also was the daughter - in - law of the Rev. Sun Myung Moon .
At 15 , Nansook was picked by Moon to be the bride of Hyo Jin Moon , the eldest son from Moon 's current marriage .
Then 19 , Hyo Jin was considered Moon 's heir apparent -- the future overseer of the church 's vast business empire and its secret network of political connections .
On one level , the Nansook case challenged Moon 's peculiar theology which makes him the all - wise messiah and his immediate family the embodiment of human perfection .
Moon has his followers call him True Father and his wife True Mother .
Their 13 offspring are the children of the True Family .
Yet , inside the church , the Moon children have gained a reputation as spoiled rich kids , buying whatever they want and waited upon by worshipful American church members .
When one daughter wanted to ride in Olympic equestrian events , Moon built a horse - riding facility in Deer Park , New York , for $ 10 million .
When Hyo Jin fancied himself a heavy - metal rock musician , Moon snapped up New York City 's Manhattan Center , an old opera house with a recording studio .
But more important to American politics is how the Nansook case strikes at the hypocrisy of " pro-family " conservatives who have accepted Moon 's financial largesse and tolerated Moon 's expanding political influence .
The Nansook case peels away Moon 's bought - and - paid - for respectability and implicates his organization in a wide variety of financial irregularities , including money - laundering .
In a sworn affidavit , Nansook described how she and other members of Moon 's family lived the royal life inside the Irvington , New York , compound .
But the price for that life of luxury was tolerating Hyo Jin 's violent outbursts .
" From very early in our marriage , Hyo Jin has abused drugs and alcohol and is an addict as a result , " Nansook wrote .
" He has a ritual of secreting himself in the master bedroom , sometimes for hours , sometimes for days , drinking alcohol , using cocaine and watching pornographic films .
...
When he emerges he is more angry and more volatile . "
Nansook described a pattern of abuse which included Hyo Jin beating her in 1994 when she disrupted one of his cocaine parties .
" He punched me in the nose and blood came rushing out , " Nansook wrote .
" He then smeared my blood on his hand , licked his hand and said , ' It tastes good .
This is fun ' . "
At the time , she was seven months pregnant .
On another occasion , she said he forced her to stand naked in front of him for hours because " I needed to be humiliated . "
Meanwhile , Nansook complained that her in - laws did little to confront Hyo Jin .
" Although Hyo Jin 's family knew of his addictions and his abuse of me and the children , I received very little emotional or physical support from them , " Nansook wrote .
" I was constantly at the mercy of Hyo Jin 's erratic and cruel behavior . "
Cash in the Box To finance his personal and business activities , Hyo Jin received hundreds of thousands of dollars in unaccounted cash , Nansook asserted .
" On one occasion , I saw Hyo Jin bring home a box about 24 inches wide , 12 inches tall and six inches deep , " she wrote in her affidavit .
" He stated that he had received it from his father .
He opened it .
...
It was filled with $ 100 bills stacked in bunches of $ 10,000 each for a total of $ 1 million in cash !
“ He took this money and gave $ 600,000 to the Manhattan Center , a church recording studio that he ostensibly runs .
He kept the remaining $ 400,000 for himself .
...
Within six months he had spent it all on himself , buying cocaine and alcohol , entertaining his friends every night , and giving expensive gifts to other women . "
Another time , a Filipino church member gave Hyo Jin $ 270,000 in cash , according to Nansook .
She added that Hyo Jin also ordered the Manhattan Center to cover his credit - card bills which often exceeded $ 5,000 a month and that he instructed employees to buy drugs for him with the company 's money .
After fleeing with the children , Nansook said she feared that Hyo Jin would " hunt me down and kill me . "
To protect her , Associate Justice Edward M. Ginsburg barred Hyo Jin from approaching Nansook and the children .
Taking into account Hyo Jin's jet - set lifestyle , Ginsburg also ordered Hyo Jin to pay $ 8,500 a month in support payments and $ 65,000 for Nansook 's legal fees .
Ginsburg ruled that Hyo Jin " had access to cash in any amount requested on demand " from " commingled " church and personal money .
Ginsburg noted , too , that Hyo Jin received $ 84,000 a year from a family trust and earned a regular salary from the Manhattan Center .
On July 17 , 1996 , when Hyo Jin failed to pay Nansook 's legal fees , he was held in contempt of court and jailed in Massachusetts .
To free Hyo Jin , the Unification Church 's vaunted legal team sprang into action .
The lawyers developed a strategy that portrayed Hyo Jin as a man of no means .
They filed a bankruptcy petition on his behalf in federal court in Westchester County , New York .
As part of those filings , Hyo Jin 's lawyers submitted evidence that on Aug. 5 , 1996 , three weeks after his jailing , Hyo Jin was severed from the Swiss - based True Family Trust .
The lawyers also submitted a document showing that as of Aug.
9 , Hyo Jin had lost his $ 60,000 - a- year job at Manhattan Center Studios " due to certain medical problems . "
Nansook 's lawyers denounced the bankruptcy maneuver as a devious scheme to spare Hyo Jin from his financial obligations .
To corroborate Nansook 's statements about Hyo Jin 's access to nearly unlimited money , her lawyers secured testimony from a former Manhattan Center official and Unification Church member , Maria Madelene Pretorious .
At a court hearing , Pretorious testified that in December of 1993 or January of 1994 , Hyo Jin Moon returned from a trip to Korea " with $ 600,000 in cash which he had received from his father .
...
Myself along with three or four other members that worked at Manhattan Center saw the cash in bags , shopping bags . "
On another occasion , Hyo Jin 's parents gave him $ 20,000 to buy a boat , Pretorious recalled .
There was a time , too , when Hyo Jin dipped into Manhattan Center funds to give $ 30,000 in cash to one of his sisters .
The center also gave Hyo Jin cash several times a week to cover personal expenses , ranging from bar tabs to a Jaguar automobile , Pretorious said .
But Hyo Jin Moon won the legal round anyway .
A judge ruled that the federal bankruptcy claim , no matter how dubious , overrode the Massachusetts contempt finding .
Hyo Jin was released from jail .
Cocaine Parties
As those legal battles were playing out , I met with Pretorious at a suburban Boston restaurant .
A law school graduate from South Africa , the 34 - year - old full - faced brunette said she was recruited by the Unification Church through the Collegiate Association for the Research of Principles -- a Moon student front group known as CARP -- in San Francisco in 1986 - 87 .
In 1992 , she went to work at the Manhattan Center .
" Hyo Jin 's desire to become a rock star did not fit with Reverend Moon 's concept of what his eldest son should be doing , " Pretorious told me .
But younger church members sympathized with the rebellious son .
" We wanted to help Hyo Jin to attain his own position in the church , " she said .
" With the Manhattan Center , he found a niche . "
But Hyo Jin Moon was explosive .
" If he becomes displeased with you , the verbal attack is very harsh , very rash , it comes out of nowhere , " Pretorious explained .
Those reactions were even worse when he was abusing cocaine , which he insisted to his friends had a medicinal value in relieving physical pain from a past car accident .
" He just had this whole convoluted story about him having to take it because of his back , " Pretorious said .
" It helped him relax . "
In fall 1994 , Pretorious said Hyo Jin tried to lure several of his subordinates at the Manhattan Center into his cocaine lifestyle .
She recalled him driving three of them in his black Mercedes into Harlem where he double - parked and ran into a building to buy cocaine .
" We were sitting there and the first thing I thought was a black Mercedes in Harlem , I thought , ' hello , ' " Pretorious said .
When Hyo Jin climbed back into the car , he began offering samples to his guests .
" ' Have you ever tried cocaine ? ' and [ I said ] ' like , no , I 've never tried it , ' " Pretorious said .
" So from Harlem driving back to New York , he was trying to convince me to take the cocaine .
Eventually , he said , ' Do n't you want to try it once .
Are n't you curious ? '
“ That 's the wrong thing to say to me , because I think I 'm in control of my life .
So I say I 'll try it once .
...
It 's the first time .
I 'm not sure how it 's supposed to affect me .
...
After a while he says , ' How you feeling ? ' and I 'm going , ' Well , I 'm not like feeling anything . ' "
A Kareoke Experience Hyo Jin's fondness for hard partying sometimes annoyed Pretorious and the others who had work to do at Manhattan Center .
" Nobody enjoys this because the next day you have to deal with clients , " Pretorious said .
But Hyo Jin's near - god - like status in the church made Pretorious and the others nervous about rejecting his invitations .
She described one night when Hyo Jin wanted his staff to take him to a Kareoke bar in Queens .
" Back at the New Yorker Hotel [ another church property ] , he picked up a reluctance in me to participate , " Pretorious said .
" He offered me cocaine , and I said , ' no , thank you . ' I felt good " about resisting .
At first , Hyo Jin seemed to accept the rebuff .
With an imperious gesture , he declared , " I give you permission to bitch . "
Despite her reservations , Pretorious then joined the Kareoke outing .
" He 'd been drinking a lot , " she recalled .
" He got quieter and quieter .
[ Then ] he started heaving , swearing , using really abusive language .
' You fucking bitch !
How dare you challenge me !' ... “ He took an ashtray and threw it at me .
It did n't hit me , but hit the wall behind me .
He kept lunging at me across the cocktail table .
That was the first time that I feared for him and feared that he was going to hurt me . "
During fall 1994 , with Nansook pregnant again with their fifth child , Hyo Jin began an affair with an American church member who had been " blessed " or married to a Korean , Pretorious said .
" I could see that he [ Hyo Jin ] was out of control , " Pretorious added .
" I realized that I could n't stay at Manhattan Center . "
In Pretorious 's view , Hyo Jin was always torn between his responsibility to the church and his lust for personal pleasure .
" Hyo Jin loved the life of hedonism , " Pretorious said .
" He loved the women , taking drugs -- particularly cocaine -- and watching pornography . "
His predicament was made worse when he learned , apparently from a family member in 1992 , that the long - denied accounts of Rev.
Moon 's sexual rites with early female initiates were true , Pretorious said .
" When Hyo Jin found out about his father 's ' purification ' rituals , that took a lot out of wind out of his sails , " she said .
" A lot of the situation that Hyo Jin is in is very much because of who his father is .
...
The whole messiah thing .
He [ Rev. Moon ] basically was subject to delusions of grandeur . "
A Mysterious Half - Brother
In late 1994 , during conversations in Hyo Jin 's suite at the New Yorker Hotel , " he confided a lot of things to me , " Pretorious continued .
Hyo Jin had discovered , too , that Rev. Moon had fathered a child out of wedlock in the early 1970s .
Moon arranged for the child to be raised by his longtime lieutenant Bo Hi Pak , Pretorious said .
The boy -- now a young man -- had confronted Hyo Jin , seeking recognition as Hyo Jin 's half - brother .
Pretorious said she later corroborated the story with other church members .
" Here 's a guy who struggles with a weakness for women and finds out that his father screws around , " Pretorious said .
" This is even after he [ Rev. Moon ] has been married to the present Mrs. Moon . "
Pretorious found the new revelations about Rev. Moon also upsetting because of the central place that the marriage " blessing " plays in Unification Church theology , as a way to purify mankind .
" They want people to look at their family and see it as ... a family that represents certain moral and ethical standards , " Pretorious continued .
" My faith was based , I feel , on a deceptiveness . "
Pretorious was disturbed , too , by the way cash , brought to the United States by Asian members , would circulate through the Moon business empire as a way to launder it .
The money would then go to support the Moon family 's lavish life style or be diverted to other church projects .
At the center of the financial operation , Pretorious said , was One - Up Corp. , a Delaware - registered holding company that owned Manhattan Center and other Moon enterprises including New World Communications , the parent company of The Washington Times .
" Once that cash is at the Manhattan Center , it has to be accounted for , " Pretorious said .
" The way that 's done is to launder the cash .
Manhattan Center gives cash to a business called Happy World which owns restaurants .
...
“ Happy World needs to pay illegal aliens .
... Happy World pays some back to the Manhattan Center for ' services rendered . '
The rest goes to One - Up and then comes back to Manhattan Center as an investment . "
Hyo Jin Moon did not respond to interview requests sent through his divorce lawyer and the church .
Church officials also were unwilling to discuss Hyo Jin 's case .
But Hyo Jin was forced to produce documents and discuss his financial predicament in the bankruptcy proceedings .
' Guns & Music '
In a bankruptcy deposition on Nov. 15 , 1996 , Hyo Jin came across to the lawyers as alternately confused and petulant .
" All I like was guns and music , " he volunteered at one point .
" I 'm a boring person . "
( In the bankruptcy , Hyo Jin sold a collection of 51 guns , mostly of recent manufacture .
The collection was valued at about $ 36,000 , plus nearly $ 3,000 worth of ammunition . )
As for his CARP presidency , from 1982 - 87 , Hyo Jin explained haltingly , " I guess you could say all my life I 've been -- I guess I 've been -- groomed toward becoming a youth -- a leader , of some sort , by my parents .
... I like to call myself a figurehead .
And that 's what I -- my function was primarily to give speeches . "
His position in the church , however , did give him access to money .
In 1989 , he said he used church donations to buy a Mercedes 560SEL for his parents .
In 1992 , he bought a Mercedes 500 to replace the earlier model .
He then " had the luxury of using " the older Mercedes himself until he lost his license in 1992 after a driving - while - intoxicated conviction .
Over the years , he also bought motorcycles and a boat .
Hyo Jin described himself as the chief executive officer of the Manhattan Center .
" I was given the position by my parents , " he testified .
Hyo Jin confirmed , too , that he had received hundreds of thousands of dollars in cash at the Manhattan Center that was not reported as taxable income .
" [ In ] 1993 , I received some cash , yes , " he said .
" At that time around 300 , 500 Japanese members were touring America and they stopped by to see the progress that was happening at Manhattan Center , because it was well known within the inner ... church community that I was doing a project , a cultural project .
“ And they came and I presented a slide show , and they were inspired by that prospect and actual achievement at that time , so they gave donations .
...
It was given to me .
It was a donation to me . "
" Did you report that gift to the taxing authorities ? " a lawyer asked .
" It was [ a ] gift , " Hyo Jin responded .
" I asked [ Rob Schwartz , the center 's treasurer ] whether I should .
He said I did n't have to .
You have to ask him . "
When pressed for clarification about this tax advice , his lawyer counseled Hyo Jin not to answer .
" I 'm taking that advice , " Hyo Jin announced .
" My lawyer 's advice not to answer it . "
Hyo Jin also confirmed that he received cash from Madelene Pretorious " on a few occasions " in late 1994 .
" And for how much did you ask ? " a lawyer asked .
" I do n't remember , " Hyo Jin answered .
" You could ask her . "
Addiction Treatment
When asked what he had done with the cash , Hyo Jin responded , " I partied it . "
Pressed about whether another Manhattan Center employee had made purchases for him , Hyo Jin snapped , " Maybe I asked him to buy me a coffin , yes , maybe I did .
... I used to party with him .
I asked him to buy popcorn for me when I go to a movie . "
Hyo Jin said that in November 1994 , he took a leave from the Manhattan Center to undergo treatment for " my addiction problem . "
He checked into the Betty Ford Center .
" Who paid for it ? " a lawyer asked .
" I have no idea , " he responded .
" Somebody did . "
Hyo Jin also recalled a stay in the Henry Hazelton addiction center in West Palm Beach , Florida .
" I got kicked out , " he said .
" I was there for three weeks , I got kicked out ... because I was n't cooperating . "
At another point in the deposition , Hyo Jin insisted he had not read his own bankruptcy petition .
The petition had listed the Manhattan Center as an unsecured creditor to which he owed $ 60,000 , but Hyo Jin said he did not know about the purported debt .
" I 'm not sure who I owe to , but I know I owe money to a lot of people , " he said .
Though Hyo Jin was supposedly terminated from the True Family Trust in August 1996 , he testified in November that " my wife gets all of the money that comes to the trust fund , that comes to the trust that I 'm supposed to receive .
...
I 'm giving every cent and more , I mean if I have more , to my wife . ... "
" Are you receiving any distributions from your trust indenture , the True Family Trust ? "
" I thought I did .
I thought I did . "
" Right now you do ? "
" I guess so .
I do n't know .
I 'm not sure .
... I do n't know what I 'm talking about . "
Even before his divorce and bankruptcy , Hyo Jin had been stumbling into legal mishaps .
In December 1995 , for instance , White Plains , New York , police summoned Hyo Jin and other convicted drunk drivers who had lost their licenses to meet with new probation officers .
After the meeting , two dozen of the violators , including Hyo Jin , were secretly videotaped as they drove away in their cars .
Hyo Jin was arrested for driving without a valid license .
But Hyo Jin was not the only Moon child to rebel .
Accustomed to getting their own way , some of the children have resisted Moon 's insistence on selecting their spouses , as he does for all church members .
One daughter reportedly ran off with a boyfriend to live in Greenwich Village .
Another daughter has moved to rural Virginia to pursue her dream to be an equestrian .
Ex-church members with first - hand knowledge say drug use and promiscuity have been common among the True Family .
An Exodus of Loyalists Troubling to the Unification Church , too , is the fact that longtime senior members -- disturbed by this behavior -- have been exiting .
Dennis and Doris Orme , who were among Moon 's earliest Western followers , have left and are considering legal action to secure pensions , according to friends and legal sources .
Ron Paquette , who spent two decades in the church and worked closely with Hyo Jin at the Manhattan Center , has quit , too .
Paquette declined to be interviewed for this article , but faxed a brief statement saying : " The events which have transpired since my departure , in particular with respect to Rev.
Moon 's own family , have greatly saddened me .
... “ I have found ... that my deepest fears and suspicions were actually correct -- that those who held themselves up as the highest were , in fact , neither honest about their lives nor capable of living the standard of love and compassion they so readily demanded . "
Commenting on Moon 's family problems and other cracks in the leadership , another close church associate sighed , " The inner empire is crumbling . "
The new evidence of money - laundering and diverting corporate funds for personal use , however , could lead to more serious complications with the Internal Revenue Service and other federal agencies .
Evidence of Asian cash pouring into the United States from abroad also could revive long - standing suspicions that the church itself is a front for foreign influence buyers .
In a series of interviews , other church - connected figures corroborated claims by Nansook Moon and Pretorious that money arrives from overseas to sustain the Moon organization .
John Stacey , a former CARP leader in the Pacific Northwest , said the current fund - raising operations inside the United States barely cover the costs of local offices , with little or nothing going to the big - ticket items , such as The Washington Times .
Stacey added that the church - connected U.S. businesses are mostly money losers .
" These failing businesses create the image of making money ... to cover his back , " Stacey said of Rev. Moon .
" I think the majority of the money is coming from an outside source . "
( Stacey , who knew Hyo Jin through CARP , also called Moon 's son a tyrant .
" Hyo Jin would scream at and reprimand the members , " Stacey recalled .
But almost worse , Stacey added , was that members would be forced to listen to tapes of Hyo Jin 's music while their " mobile fund - raising teams " traveled in vans from town to town .
" He 's a miserable musician , " Stacey said .
" His music stinks . " )
Another member who recently quit a senior position in the church confirmed that virtually none of Moon 's American operations makes money .
Instead , this source , who declined to be identified by name , said hundreds of thousands of dollars are carried into the United States by visiting church members .
The cash is then laundered through domestic businesses .
Another close church associate , who also requested anonymity out of fear of reprisals , said cash arriving from Japan was used in one major construction project to pay " illegal " laborers from Asia and South America .
" They [ the church leaders ] were always waiting for our money to come in from Japan , " this source said .
" When the economy in Japan crashed , a lot of our money came from South America , mainly Brazil . "
But even as Moon 's inner circle undergoes strains and questions are raised about his mystery money , his temporal power continues to grow in the United States and elsewhere .
Every year , he locks more and more politicians , ministers , journalists and academics into his orbit .
Without doubt , the gravitational pull is the money arriving from abroad in seemingly limitless supplies .
Particularly among conservatives in Washington , Moon 's money seems to have bought him freedom from the normal laws of political physics .
He appears immune from the scrutiny that would follow an influential international figure with a significant presence in the nation 's capital .
Strangest of all , Moon 's immunity applies even when the scandal is about power , money and sex .
Robert Parry broke many of the Iran - Contra stories in the 1980s for the Associated Press and Newsweek .
His latest book , Neck Deep : The Disastrous Presidency of George W. Bush , was written with two of his sons , Sam and Nat , and can be ordered at neckdeepbook.com .
His two previous books , Secrecy & Privilege : The Rise of the Bush Dynasty from Watergate to Iraq and Lost History : Contras , Cocaine , the Press & ' Project Truth ' are also available there .
Or go to Amazon.com .
To comment at Consortiumblog , click here .
( To make a blog comment about this or other stories , you can use your normal e-mail address and password .
Ignore the prompt for a Google account . )
To comment to us by e-mail , click here .
To donate so we can continue reporting and publishing stories like the one you just read , click here .
Back to Home Page
As the telecommunications world went wireless and digital , the tried - and - true method law enforcement agencies used for wiretaps — splicing into the local loop — was in danger of becoming an anachronism .
In 1994 , Congress passed the Communications Assistance for Law Enforcement Act , which required telecommunications switches to incorporate a capacity for government monitoring of phone calls and other communications .
That requirement ultimately produced an ANSI standard , J - STD - 025 , that dictated the capabilities of the hardware interface used by law enforcement agencies .
A team of academic researchers has now put that standard to the test , and found that it 's vulnerable to various forms of denial and obfuscation attacks .
As the authors note , the monitoring of domestic communications has been a source of controversy in recent years ; others have questioned whether having a standard capacity built into every piece of communication hardware leaves the US communications infrastructure at risk of external attack .
They avoid these issues , however , and focus on a simpler question : how well does the J - standard actually work ?
The answer , it appears , is that it 's trivial to defeat it and interfere with wiretaps .
The big caveat to this work is that the authors did n't have access to any of the actual hardware used by law enforcement agencies ; they simply tested whether hardware that follows the J - standard could hold up to a variety of attacks .
It 's possible that hardware makers have exceeded the standards with more recent equipment , and obviated some of the problems .
Still , there are two reasons to think that at least some wiretaps would be vulnerable .
The first is that the hardware that 's actually deployed is probably from a variety of generations and manufacturers , making it likely that some of it does the bare minimum needed to comply .
The second is that the authors demonstrate multiple vulnerabilities , making it unlikely that even the best equipment handles all of them .
Part of the problem is that there are two classes of phone monitoring available to law enforcement : simple call logging , which is relatively easy to obtain , and full call recording , which is typically more challenging .
The two are handled separately within the protocol , and the capacity granted for the logging was based on typical usage patterns at the time : a single , 64 kbps ISDN line .
The authors go on to show that it 's relatively simple to exceed this bandwidth with a single computer or smartphone , creating a denial of service situation .
Part of the problem is that there 's an asymmetry between the basic information that needs to be sent down a phone line — there 's a connection waiting — and all the information that law enforcement needs , such as the source , a datestamp , a case identifier , etc .
This asymmetry ensures that even a simple unconnected call produces significant data that has to be stuffed down the 64 kbps pipe .
The other part of the problem is that modern telephony creates a variety of methods of sending a lot of traffic to an individual phone line with minimal effort .
So , for example , the authors use an ISDN phone to send commands to voicemail boxes at a rate of 94 calls a second .
Forty - two text messages a second would also work , as would repeated call / hangups using IP telephony .
A rate of 20 hangups a second would do the trick , and the researchers were easily able to exceed that from a residential broadband connection .
Since the J protocol does n't allow for queueing or buffering , once the bandwidth is exceeded , any information that can't be stuffed down the pipes is lost .
So , once these levels are exceeded , law enforcement call logging becomes unreliable .
The protocol is less clear about the capacity allocated to content monitoring , but the authors ' analysis suggests that this would be even easier to saturate .
More sophisticated attacks are also possible .
For example , the J protocol calls for a termination of call recording once a tone is registered .
However , communications hardware will only register the tone if it originates from specific hardware .
As a result , a person being monitored could send the tone over their phone ; the monitoring equipment should hang up , while the call would continue .
The authors were also able to craft a variety of IP packets that would interfere with monitoring .
These include false datestamp information — which would inject irrelevant packets into the middle of a conversation — and eliminating the directionality information used by packets in some CDMA cellular systems .
They also built packets that would be routed part of the way to the end user , but never reach them ; these would be seen by the tap , but not interfere with the phone conversation .
All told , the authors come up with six attack scenarios that they consider practical , in that they could be carried out with readily available equipment .
In fact , they tested a number of them using a laptop tethered to a CDMA phone ( in one case , causing Sprint to throttle back their bandwidth ) .
They also suggest a number of stopgap measures that could be used to help avert some of their own scenarios , such as providing law enforcement with greater bandwidth .
Still , it 's clear that they think the J standard is due for a complete rewrite , as they suggest it was the product of compromise among law enforcement , hardware makers , and telcos , and a product of simpler telecommunications times .
Microsoft has been granted a patent on a privilege escalation system which appears to cover the functionality of PolicyKit , which is used for fine grain authorisation on Ubuntu , Fedora , openSUSE and other Linux systems .
The patent claims in 7,617,530 appear to be for system software which , when an application needs a higher privilege level , displays a graphical list of users with the privileges required to perform the task .
Selecting one of the users and entering that user 's password allows the task to be performed with that users privilege .
This behaviour is very similar to that of PolicyKit , with the only apparent difference being that Policy Kit requires applications to request privileges , whereas the 7,617,350 patent allows the operating system to block a privileged action and then offer the user a way to raise their privileges .
Reports that Microsoft had patented sudo , the privilege raising utility which is used by Linux , Unix and Mac OS X operating systems , appear to be incorrect .
Microsoft were previously granted a patent on sudo - like functionality in 2004 with the patent 6,775,781 .
Microsoft has not , to date , brought any infringement cases based on this patent .
When evaluating a patent , it is worth remembering that a patent is not based upon its abstract , but on its claims , differentiated from prior art and other patents by the references cited in the patent .
The references are are added by the patent 's applicants and examiners .
In the 7,617,350 patent , the references cite the sudo manual pages , Debian manuals , KDE and GNOME utility documentation and various FAQs .
The previous 6,775,781 patent is not referenced .
As we have been unable to find any patent case where an infringement action was brought against items referenced in the patent itself , this would suggest that any hypothetical action against sudo and users of sudo would fail at the first hurdle .
Software patents such as this one would likely be invalidated or fail in court if the " machine or transformation " test was adopted .
This is the test which is at the centre of the Bilski case which is currently before the US Supreme Court .
See also :
In re Bilski - Let us get back to work , a feature on software patents and the Bilski case from The H .
( djwm )
America may seem civilized to you , as you lock your door and hop on the subway or into the car , then hang around indoors all day .
When you go to the zoo , there ’s a disconnect .
Ferocious animals seem to be things that exist behind bars .
It ’s easy to forget that this very country is home to some historically human - killing animals that could totally murder you in your sleep .
Depending where you sleep .
( But they probably wo n’t . )
Here ’s our list of the Top Ten Most Badass Animals Native to the USA , a little about their habits , and where in the great United States you ’re likely to be ambushed by one of them .
1. Polar bears .
These big , beautiful beasts employ a method called “ still hunting , ” in which the bear sniffs out its prey ’s home , then crouches by the door until the prey emerges .
Then it crushes their skull .
Normally , this prey is a seal , but polar bears have also hunted hunters and campers — this guy while he was sleeping in his tent ( warning : graphic ) .
Though polar bears are listed as a vulnerable species ( likely to become endangered ) , they are still roaming Alaska .
And they do n’t just want Coca Cola .
2. Rattlesnakes .
Normally , rattlesnakes kill small animals , but anyone who ’s been to the Southwest knows : if you hear that rattle , you ’d best be moving along .
And by “ moving along , ” I mean “ running for your life . ”
Their hemotoxic or neurotoxic ( depending on the type ) venom can kill you in horrendous ways , including respiratory paralysis .
Check out this story from a guy who was bitten by a rattler when he was 13 .
Word to the wise : if the snake ’s rattle gets wet , it wo n’t make any sound , so watch out during the rain .
Rattlesnakes have been reported in many states , but keep an extra eye out in California , Nevada , Utah , Arizona , Texas , and New Mexico .
And while you ’re down there , stay away from fatally poisonous water moccasins ( the world ’s only semi-aquatic viper ) and coral snakes , too .
3. Coyotes .
Just last month , according to Telegraph.co.uk , woman in Canada was mauled and killed by two coyotes , while “ hiking alone on a trail in Cape Breton Highlands National Park , in Nova Scotia . ”
Coyotes are typically reported in the Southwest , but have also been sighted in Illinois , Wisconsin , Oregon , New Jersey , and all over New England .
You can find them living in deserts , forests , plains , or even in icy regions like Alaska .
Basically , these guys ( and ladies ) can live almost anywhere .
Their diet is 90 percent mammals , which you may have noticed you are .
They ’ll get you on the ground , then bite / break your neck .
According to Wikipedia , coyote attacks have been increasing in California since 1998 .
4. Bobcats .
According to the Arizona Game and Fish Department , bobcats who attack humans are typically rabid .
That means attacks are less likely , but also all the more deadly .
Bobcats , though just 20 - 24 ″ tall when full grown , will sometimes stalk larger animals which they can kill and repeatedly return to to eat over time .
They typically catch them sleeping on the ground and bite into their neck , chest , or the base of the skull .
That ’s not even fair .
5. Alligators .
These guys eat mostly fish , worms , and snails and stuff , but if you get to close , they ’re known to attack humans .
Wikipedia reports them living in “ all of Florida and Louisiana , the southern parts of Georgia , Alabama and Mississippi , coastal South and North Carolina , Eastern Texas , the southeast corner of Oklahoma and the southern tip of Arkansas . ”
Alligators have also been found in extreme southern Missouri along the Mississippi River during the summer months .
If you ’re swimming and see one approaching , you ’d best get the heck out of the water .
Worse still , you might be mistaken — those alligators approaching could be …
6. Crocodiles .
Crocodiles have pointier - shaped jaws than the alligators ’ u-shaped jaws .
Either way , you should probably run .
Crocodiles live mainly in Florida ( within the US ) , and are extremely dangerous to humans .
Crocodiles eat mammals like you , fish and birds , and occasionally each other .
While these web - footed cannibals probably wo n’t be able to chase you , they are extremely adept swimmers , and normally attack before their prey even sees them .
7. Bears .
Kelly Ann Walz in Pennsylvania was killed last month by her own pet black bear — her Bengal tiger and African lion left her alone .
Donna Munson , a 74 - year - old who liked to feed bears , was killed last August .
Black bears live in 41 US states , and while they ’re certainly known killers , they are not as dangerous as brown bears ; especially grizzlies and Kodiaks .
According to Wikipedia , there are about 32,500 brown bears in the United States , mostly in Alaska and along the Rocky Mountains .
Brown bears confront you like they ’d confront other bears ; by growling and huffing .
Then , they bite your jaw to keep you from biting back .
That ’s only if they feel like taking their time ; they can actually just crush a human head with a single bite .
Weirdly , you ’re more likely to be attacked if you run —
I ’d love to meet anyone who stood still after being growled at by a bear .
8. Wolves .
Unprovoked attacks by non-rabid wolves are rare , but do you know where they tend to attack ?
The crotch .
According to Answers.com , “ Wolves will typically attempt to disable large prey by tearing at the haunches and perineum , causing massive bleeding and loss of coordination . ”
They drag small prey ( including children ! ) to a secluded spot and feast on the abdominal cavity — sometimes before they prey is even dead .
Be extra wary in Northern Minnesota , the Rockies , and New Mexico .
9. Cougars .
While older women in search of younger men can certainly be dangerous , I ’m referring to the North American Puma concolor couguar , also known as pumas , mountain lions , or panthers .
Check out a list of fatal cougar attacks in North America here .
While they are mostly found in the western United States , cougars have been reportedly expanding eastward , and in 2008 , a cougar migrated from South Dakota to Wisconsin , and then right down into Chicago , where it was killed by a cop in an alley .
When cougars attack humans , they attempt to get their teeth between your vertabrae and into your spinal cord .
I shudder just thinking about it .
10 . Brown recluse spiders .
Perhaps they ’re not “ animals , ” but no list of wild things in the United States would be complete without this silent killer .
Also known as violin spiders , brown recluses live mostly in the southern states — check out a map here — in terribly familiar places : anywhere dark and normally undisturbed , like a woodshed , a basement , garages , closets and even under beds .
Bites are rare , but if one accidentally gets into your clothes or bedding and is pressed against your skin , you ’re in trouble .
The bites can lead to necrosis , which is essentially your flesh rotting right off of your body .
If you ’re heading on a camping or hiking trip , keep what these animals can do to you in mind , and do n’t go provoking any of the fauna .
By behaving respectfully towards nature , you can greatly lessen your chances of being attacked by an animal — but if you see a brown recluse spider , call pest control .
Now , to be fair , the car was parked by itself in the middle of the desert .
So unless we 've got a clean shot at Al - Qaeda 's parking lot , the beam is n't ready for prime time .
Plus , last year the Air Force Scientific Advisory Board said that " the Advanced Tactical Laser testbed has no operational utility . "
[ The following is an exact transcript of this podcast . ]
Ask any young dinosaur fanatic about the mighty Tyrannosaurus rex and you ’ll probably get a fairly accurate description : huge reptile , big head , powerful jaws , tiny little arms .
Scientists had thought that the animal evolved its bizarre proportions as it grew to its gargantuan stature .
But in this week ’s issue of the journal Science , paleontologist Paul Sereno describes a newly discovered miniature tyrannosaurid that evolved millions of years earlier — and has all the attributes of the larger one .
The tiny dino had been excavated in Mongolia illegally and sold to a private collector .
He contacted Sereno to evaluate the preserved tyrannosaurid .
Sereno agreed to do so if the dinosaur was donated to science , and eventually returned to China .
The dinosaur is about nine feet long and had an estimated weight of only 150 pounds .
But it ’s all there — the tiny arms , the huge head , the large teeth and muscular jaw .
A hundred - twenty - five million years later , that animal ’s descendants had ballooned into an almost exact replica more than 90 times larger .
Sereno and his colleagues say the body plan must have been a successful structure for hunting prey — and ultimately thrilling dinosaur lovers everywhere .
— Cynthia Graber
See a side - by - side comparison of the skulls of T. rex and the new dino .
A US police officer in a small Arkansas town used a stun gun on an unruly 10 - year - old girl after he said her mother gave him permission to do so .
Now the town 's mayor is calling for an investigation into whether the Taser use was appropriate .
Officer Dustin Bradshaw said in a report that police were called to the home in Ozark on November 11 because of a domestic disturbance .
When he arrived , the girl was curled up on the floor , screaming , the report said .
Officer Bradshaw 's report said the girl screamed , kicked and resisted any time her mother tried to get her in the shower before bed .
" Her mother told me to Tase her if I needed to , " he wrote .
The child was " violently kicking and verbally combative " when Officer Bradshaw tried to take her into custody and she kicked him in the groin .
He delivered " a very brief drive stun to her back " , the report said .
There are a few placenames in Ireland that carry a particular resonance in our collective memory ; places that have become associated with crowds of people who intermittently come from afar to gather , pray and stare .
They include Ballinspittle , Co Cork , where the statue of Mary was reported to be moving in 1985 , and the Basilica at Knock Shrine , Co Mayo , writes ROSITA BOLAND
Earlier this month , Knock made the headlines again when some 5,000 people gathered there in the hope of seeing an apparition of Our Lady , following the prediction by Dubliner Joe Coleman , who describes himself as “ a visionary of our Blessed Mother and a spiritual healer under the energy of the Holy Spirit ” .
A video posted on YouTube of the sun breaking through the clouds at Knock on October 11th , with a voiceover by Coleman , has to date attracted almost 10,500 views .
Coleman is now predicting that this Saturday , at 3 pm , Our Lady will appear in the Knock Basilica , and that there will be even larger crowds in attendance this time , now that word is spreading via the internet .
Meanwhile , the Archbishop of Tuam , Dr Michael Neary , has issued a statement that makes clear the church ’s view of Coleman ’s predictions :
“ It is not healthy , does not give glory to God and certainly is not good witness to the faith to be looking for extraordinary phenomena .
The apparition of 1879 was neither sought nor expected by the humble , honest people who were its astonished witnesses . . .
Unfortunately , recent events at the Shrine obscure this essential message .
They risk misleading God ’s people and undermining faith .
For this reason such events are to be regretted rather than encouraged . ”
Joe Coleman ( 55 ) , who is based in Ballyfermot , Dublin , told the Irish Timesyesterday he believes Our Lady appears to him because , “ I ’m a channel for love , and I ’m a channel for God ” .
He claims he has “ never gone public before ” on his ability to see apparitions , which dates back to 1986 .
“ I was in hospital having an operation – I broke my ankle – and I died under anaesthetic .
I left my body and I went to heaven , where I saw my father who had passed away , and my son , and Our Lady and Jesus and Archangel Michael . ”
Until recently , he described himself as a clairvoyant .
He now prefers the term “ spiritual healer ” , and claims to be able to cure people of various illnesses .
“ People come to me for all sorts of ailments .
They could have cancer , arthritis , MS – all sorts of things .
Healing comes out of my hands .
I pray over people on the phone .
I cure them , ” he says .
He thinks people are being drawn to Knock , “ because Our Lady is telling us to come back to the church .
Thousands of people were praying and crying and calling .
They just want something to hold onto because the government are n’t giving them anything to hold onto . ”
Coleman claims that Mary , in her latest apparition , told him she is very angry : “ She will rock the foundations of the church if the people do not listen , from Rome back down to where we are , down to Knock .
And the gates of Heaven will be closed . ”
How will she do this ?
“ She says she ’ll do it , I do n’t know how she ’ll do it , but she ’s angry , ” he repeats .
The latest request from Mary , Coleman claims , is for Coleman to say the rosary with a priest in the Basilica at 3 pm on Saturday .
He is scornful of Archbishop Neary ’s statement .
“ I do n’t think Archbishop Neary has ever seen the Blessed Mother , because he ’s hiding behind his closed doors in his big house where he lives . ”
The church , Coleman believes , “ is not a building .
It ’s made of the people of Ireland .
Does he not believe in the apparition of Bernadette ?
Padre Pio? Medjugorje ? ”
Coleman says he has not read any of the viewers ’ comments posted alongside the short YouTube video of the clouds at Knock on October 11th , some of which express strong and derogatory opinions of him .
“ Everyone is entitled to their own opinion , ” he simply says .
Our Lady , Coleman states “ will appear two more times before Christmas .
I know , because she ’s already told me she will . ”
Eugene Hynes is Associate Professor of Sociology at Kettering University .
Michigan , and the author of Knock , The Virgin ’s Apparition in Nineteenth - century Ireland , published this year .
The book focuses on the role of popular religion in rural Ireland at that period .
“ The whole context of that time is important to understand what was going on , ” he explains by phone from the US .
“ It was after the Famine , and Mayo was the hardest - hit county , but Knock itself was only mildly affected .
People believed this was due to miraculous intervention . ”
He is unsurprised to hear that Archbishop Neary is sceptical of the current claims of an apparition at Knock .
“ This type of conflict between clergy and the devout is typical all over the world .
The hierarchy want to promote devotion within tradition and an orthodoxy .
Apparitions kind of bypass that , ” Hynes remarks drily .
“ That man in Dublin is implying he knows something , and that ’s very threatening to the clergy .
He ’s implying he ’s a mouthpiece to something special . ”
Hynes also observes that sociologists and anthropologists record that “ visions are relatively common , but most of them do n’t get a lot of publicity .
Globally , there was a huge increase in apparitions in the 1980s and early 1990s . ”
Again , he points to societal contexts , such as the recession and the widespread unease that it prompts , with people seeking a kind of comfort in unorthodox places .
“ Lots of authorities in Ireland have been discredited – the clergy , politicians , economists .
People are hungry for a voice to make sense of things . ”
As a sociologist , what interests Hynes most about the claims Coleman is making is the fact that people are paying so much attention to them .
“ He has to have some credibility or people would n’t be paying attention to him .
You could have someone stand up in O’Connell Street and say they ’d seen the Virgin Mary and people would ignore them .
But he is not being ignored .
Why is that ? ”
Earlier today , Landrieu talked about working with Schumer and Carper on yet another iteration of a public option compromise , along the lines of his state - based triggered co-ops .
Schumer 's spokesman flatly denied this , sending this statement :
" Since Leader Reid announced the opt - out public option would be included in the Senate bill , Senator Schumer has not approached anyone about compromises .
He is fully behind the level playing field opt - out , which he himself helped advance . "
-- Schumer spokesman Brian Fallon
Just now , in the press availability following the vote , here 's Harry Reid :
Q : Senator Lincoln today made it very clear that she 's not going to support any kind of public option .
Senator Lieberman has said the same .
What do you see as the chances it will be in the final bill .
Reid :
First of all , I support a strong public option .
I welcome Senator Schumer , Landrieu and Carper , who Senator Landrieu said are working together to find a public option that is acceptable to all Democrats ....
Q : Did you just say that you 've tasked Senator Schumer , Carper and Landrieu or ...
Reid : No .
It 's my understanding that Senator Landrieu said today that she 's working with Senator Schumer and Carper to come up with an alternative .
Interesting .
Either someone is not being entirely truthful , or we have a major miscommunication in leadership .
I 've asked leadership staff for clarification and will report back when I 've heard anything .
Update : Leadership staff declines to comment , but one Senate Democratic aide e-mails " As far as I know it 's absolutely true that Senator Schumer has been having these conversations about a public option compromise well before we had this vote tonight . "
Update 2 : And Schumer 's spokesperson , Brian Fallon , adds
Leading up to tonight 's vote , some senators expressed a desire to discuss the public option currently in the Senate bill .
Of course , Senator Schumer did not rule that out .
But no such talks have yet taken place , and there is not any compromise at hand beyond what Leader Reid has already inserted into the bill .
Senator Schumer remains a strong proponent of the opt - out , level playing field public option .
So both Reid and Schumer are strong proponents of the opt - out , but talks on further compromise continue .
Meaning triggers are headed our way , unless the progressives take a very strong stand in committing to voting against them .
dont mess with a cow about to get sacrificed ....
Should we use taxes to deter financial speculation ?
Yes , say top British officials , who oversee the City of London , one of the world ’s two great banking centers .
Other European governments agree — and they ’re right .
Unfortunately , United States officials — especially Timothy Geithner , the Treasury secretary — are dead set against the proposal .
Let ’s hope they reconsider : a financial transactions tax is an idea whose time has come .
Keep reading at the NYT >
Congressman Nick Rahall , a Democrat from West Virginia who has traveled to the Middle East for 30 years to meet with leaders there , also concludes that the Bush administration mishandled the raid .
Syrian civilians “ lost their lives in an unfortunate attempt by the previous administration to once again mislead , bully , and isolate a regime , ” he says in an interview from Washington .
Such attacks across borders have a “ disastrous effect on American foreign policy .
They alienate civilians .
The cowboy diplomacy of the past led America to some of its lowest [ public - opinion ] ratings around the world . ”
At least one Syrian official is convinced that then vice president Dick Cheney and the neoconservative faction in the White House advocated the raid in an effort to derail future U.S. - Syria relations .
That might explain Syria ’s muted reaction to an attack that was , under international law , an act of war .
Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs Mekdad says Syria was in no condition to respond militarily against the much stronger U.S.
He suggests that the Bush White House was interested in creating a roadblock for its successor .
“ The neocons and their headmaster , Vice President Cheney , wanted to create problems so that a rapprochement between the [ Obama ] administration and Syria will be made more difficult , ” he says .
The Syrians decided to take their lumps and bide their time .
That calculation may have paid off .
In 2004 , the Bush administration had slapped Syria with economic sanctions and , in 2005 , withdrawn its ambassador from Damascus .
The Obama administration has taken a different tack , having sent four diplomatic and security missions to Syria and having agreed to re-install an ambassador , although no name or date has been announced .
The American public may not learn the full details of the al - Sukariya raid for some time , perhaps not until classified U.S. - government documents are released , years in the future .
But the Arab world certainly believes the Syrian version of events , which contributes to growing anti-U.S. anger in the region .
The perception that the U.S. launches raids and missile attacks without regard for civilian casualties is widespread in the region .
While the Obama administration does n’t appear ready to attack Syria again , it has recently begun replicating similar tactics in Pakistan .
Instead of helicopters and troops , the Pentagon is using unmanned drones controlled from the U.S. to fire missiles at suspected insurgents .
Locals complain that the missiles frequently kill innocent civilians .
Seventy - six percent of Pakistanis oppose such drone attacks , according to a public - opinion poll conducted by the International Republican Institute , a nonprofit loosely affiliated with the Republican Party and funded mostly by the U.S. government .
In Washington ’s corridors of power , far from the battlefield , it may appear perfectly reasonable to attack countries that do n’t or ca n’t stop terrorists .
While national sovereignty is an important principle , the government argues , it must be weighed against clear and present threats to America .
However , these cross - border incursions inevitably cause civilian deaths and exacerbate anger toward America .
Baer says Washington officials think they “ have a monopoly on truth because we have the biggest military in the world . ”
When asked directly if he thinks that national sovereignty is an outmoded concept , he responds ironically , “ That ’s a very good argument .
The fact that gangs in Los Angeles have taken over parts of L.A. certainly gives Mexico the right to invade .
The police ca n’t control the area .
Let the Mexican government send in the helicopters . ”
During the long drive from al - Sukariya back to Damascus , we mull over what we ’ve learned in the past eventful weeks .
We are so engrossed that not even Qassem ’s DVD - watching - while - driving arouses much anxiety .
We realize our own questions are shared by Middle Eastern countries and U.S. allies around the world .
For them , it does n’t matter if the al - Sukariya raid killed a terrorist or not .
The salient point is that the Bush administration illegally crossed national borders and killed innocents .
They want to know if the Obama administration will continue such policies or if America intends to commit its power and prestige to diplomacy and honest compromise .
If not , will those who disagree with the administration in power find themselves targeted in America ’s crosshairs , like the farmers of al - Sukariya ?
The world watches and wonders , and so do we .
Freelance foreign correspondent Reese Erlich has covered the Middle East for 23 years and is the author of three books .
His fourth , Conversations with Terrorists , will be published in September 2010 .
Peter Coyote has appeared as an actor in more than 130 films and television programs and is the author of numerous articles and the recently re-issued book Sleeping Where I Fall .
He is currently working on a new book , Lies We Like to Believe , and three television pilots .
Mother Nature , crying :
Said the photographer , Michael Nolan :
This is how one would imagine mother nature would express her sentiments about our inability to reduce global warming .
It seemed an obvious place for her to appear , on the front of a retreating ice shelf , crying .
Norman Osborn and Harry Osborn 's hair has been a mystery , since Steve Ditko drew a few wiggly lines .
In today 's more photo - realistic styles , it has taken on some very strange shapes indeed with people asking just how can such a hairstyle exist .
Well , this is how …
John Oxendine there , ladies and gentlemen , Republican candidate running for Governor of Georgia 2010 .
Then he 'll shoot a Skrull Queen and take over America .
Thanks to Tom Daylight and henryfish of the Bendis board .
Female Diver Smashes Face against Diving Board ( Video )
We ’ll call this dive the single somersault face plant .
Its degree of difficulty is quite high , but I think it is fair to say that this young female nailed it , literally !
Diving board faceplants have to be one of the most frightening sports catastrophes .
Think about it .
You are about to dive into a deep pool of water , but before you enter you smash your head against a rather hard object .
It sounds like a case of death by drowning just waiting to happen .
Fortunately this girl was alright and able to swim out of the pool under her own power .
Her face did not appear to be bruised , but her ego surely was .
As for her final score , let ’s give her a 7.8/10 .
She nailed the faceplant , but could have given us some blood .
She has much to learn when it comes to smashing her head with objects .
Perhaps the Seahawks Owen Schmitt can provide her with some useful tips .
Share This
April 10th 1959 .
There were more than 500,000 people lining up on the street of Tokyo , along the 8.8 km processional route , and although TV had only arrived in Japan six years earlier , 15 million viewers were already following the ceremony live at home .
The occasion was the marriage of Crown Prince Akihito to Michiko Shoda — the first imperial wedding to be made available for public viewership in Japan .
As the newly wed left the imperial palace in a horse - drawn carriage , an angry student rushed out of the crowd toward the couple .
The 19 - year - old Kensetsu Nakayama threw a baseball - sized stone at the couple , tried to climb aboard the carriage and grab the bride .
Footmen and police flung him to the ground before dragged him away .
Upon interrogation , Nakayama noted that , “ I do n’t believe in the Emperor system and I never have .
I was so mad I decided to drag the couple from the coach . ”
His fate was to be declared insane and sent to an insane asylum .
It was perhaps a fitting , if ugly , climax to a frenzy that had swept across Japan as the 1950s came to a close .
The nation which had come out of the Second World War humbled and humiliated was once again on the upswing again , and the crown prince ’s courtship of the commoner Michiko — against 2,000 years of imperial tradition — was the main topic of conversation .
The establishment ’s opinion was divided .
The prince ’s mother , Empress Nagako , opposed the engagement , and the powerful palace bureaucracy , the Imperial Household Agency , hoped to select a bride from the daughters of the court nobility .
Michiko ’s Catholic upbringing was yet another sorepoint .
But the politicians and the media , who viewed it as a step in the right direction for Japan ’s modernization and democratization , were firmly behind the couple .
( Strictly speaking , by then , everyone in Japan who was n’t a member of Akihito ’s family was a commoner .
The post - war constitution had abolished the use of titles for everyone in the country except for the imperial family ) .
They had met playing in 1957 , an encounter that came to be known as the “ love match . ”
Afterwards , the photos of the future empress were everywhere ; the women ’s weekly magazine Josei Jishin covered her fashion choices in glossy pictorials .
‘ Mitchi boom ’ it would be dubbed ; and her image would be compared with that of Ann , a princess played by Audrey Hepburn in ‘ Roman Holiday ’ a few years earlier .
There were even reports that many girls were quitting their jobs to try to coordinate their weddings to match the precise time and date of the imperial couple ’s wedding .
*
Since I am social - distancing myself due to the coronavirus , I will be posting a few posts in coming days .
I have a Patreon .
Patreon is an Internet - based platform that allows content creators to build their own subscription content service .
For last few months , I have been using Patreon to fund my continued expenses as I research and write Iconic Photos , and the Patreon is a way for this blog to be self - sustaining .
Readers who subscribe on Patreon might have access to a few blog posts early ; chance to request topics or to participate in some polls .
Thanks for your continued support !
Here is the link :
https://www.patreon.com/iconicphotos
WASHINGTON , Aug 31 ( Reuters ) - The United States is having more success fighting terrorism under President Barack Obama partly because of his " radically different " approach to foreign policy , National security adviser Jim Jones said on Monday .
In an interview with ABC News , Jones said Obama 's efforts to reach out to world leaders and improve relations with law enforcement agencies had made it easier to track and kill terrorists than during the Bush administration .
" We have better human intelligence .
We know where the terrorists are moving , " Jones told ABC .
" Because of the dialogue and the tone of the dialogue between us and our friends and allies ... the trend line against terrorism is positive , " he added .
Jones spoke a day after former Vice President Dick Cheney said he has serious doubts about the extent to which Obama understood and is prepared to do what is needed to defend the United States from attack .
Cheney has been a persistent critic of Obama 's approach to foreign policy and security issues , accusing the U.S. leader of putting in place policies that could encourage anti-U.S. militants to attack the United States .
While noting that he was not keeping tallies of enemy combatants killed and captured under Obama and Bush , Jones said the numbers were going up as a result of good intelligence .
" We are seeing results that indicate more captures , more deaths of radical leaders and a kind of a global coming - together by the fact that this is a threat to not only the United States but to the world at - large , " he said .
He also dismissed Cheney 's assertion that the Bush administration 's counterterrorism policies worked because there had not been any terrorist attacks on U.S. soil after September 11 , 2001 .
" It 's very easy to leave office and say , ' Well , no other disaster happened on the size and scope of 9/11 , so we did our job well . '
Well , maybe they did , maybe they did n't . "
Jones did not , however , counter Cheney 's argument that Attorney General Eric Holder 's decision to investigate suspected CIA prisoner abuses could have a chilling effect on the work of the intelligence agency .
" I think it is something we have to address , " Jones said .
" I think anybody who works in a law enforcement agency ... have to know clearly what the rules are . " ( editing by Paul Simao )
Mr Bresnik 's wife gave birth 220 miles ( 354 km ) below on Earth
A US astronaut onboard the space shuttle Atlantis is celebrating the news of the birth of a daughter back on Earth .
Randolph Bresnik , who is on his first space flight , became a father for a second time when baby Abigail was born back home in Houston , Texas .
The event makes Bresnik the second astronaut to become a father in space - the first was Mike Fincke in 2004 .
Mr Bresnik is due to return to Earth on Friday after an 11 - day mission .
The 42 - year - old Marine and his crewmates were awoken on Sunday by the song Butterfly Kisses , especially chosen by his wife , Rebecca .
Among the lyrics are the lines : " There 's two things I know for sure , she was sent here from heaven and she 's daddy 's little girl . "
The couple have a three - year - old son , whom they adopted from Ukraine .
VIDEO : New precision missile takes out the Taliban while leaving civilians unharmed
The Ministry of Defence has released the first cockpit footage of a new precision missile which can kill a Taliban fighter with such a small explosion that nearby civilians are unharmed .
The Dual Mode Brimstone guided missile is shown blasting a gunman who has dug himself a firing position or ' murder hole ' in the base of a thick mud walled compound in the heart of a village in Afghanistan 's Helmand Province .
Whereas the 1,000lb bombs commonly used in such air strikes would have flattened the settlement and could have killed dozens of people , the Brimstone 's warhead kills the enemy gunman while barely damaging the rest of the compound , and the surrounding streets are untouched .
On target : The Dual Mode Brimstone guided missile blasts a gunman who hid in a ' murder hole '
The pilot is able to programme the missile 's fuse from the cockpit before firing it , selecting the level of destructive power by adjusting the way the warhead detonates .
The Royal Air Force is anxious to distance itself from claims that coalition air strikes are killing thousands of Afghan civilians each year , and to demonstrate the care taken by its pilots to prevent so - called ' collateral damage . '
While Britain's Harrier jets and Apache helicopters have dropped hundreds and bombs and missiles on Taliban targets in recent years , the MOD has made a point of not releasing cockpit footage or photographs of air strikes in recent years to avoid handing propaganda opportunities to the enemy .
The footage , recorded by the on - board targeting system of a Harrier GR9 strike jet , shows an incident in June this year when a Dual Mode Brimstone was fired in combat for the first time .
British troops clearing a series of compounds in Helmand Province came under fire from a single enemy gunman hiding in a ' murder hole ' beneath a compound wall .
Damage limitation :
The high - precision missile demolishes a fraction of the area that would have been flattened by a 1,000 lb bomb
Rather than risk casualties by trying to assault his well - protected firing position , they called on British aircraft overhead .
An airborne surveillance aircraft used its sensors to pin-point the gunman 's exact location , and the Harrier pilot unleashed the Brimstone from thousands of feet overhead , recording the moment of impact - exactly on the target .
While the blast coats the compound in dust , it causes minimal damage , and the cluster of civilian homes is unaffected .
Civilian casualties from air strikes have become a major political problem for the U.S - led coalition in Afghanistan , and are widely exploited by the Taliban to undermine support for the allies among ordinary Afghans - as well as causing divisions between the coalition and the Afghan government .
Earlier this month a major air strike near the northern town of Kunduz killed as many as 100 people on the ground , including 40 civilians .
RAF insiders insist the issue is widely misrepresented , claiming most Afghan civilian casualties are caused by the Taliban 's roadside bombs and rockets , while explosions of any kind are often wrongly blamed on 'air strikes . '
Group Captain Colin Basnett , commander of the RAF 's Tornado Force serving in Afghanistan , said : ' The Dual Mode Seeker Brimstone is an incredibly precise weapon and its introduction into service has significantly increased the capability of the Tornado Force to strike moving or static targets , whilst also reducing the risk of civilian casualties and unwanted damage to property . '
Watch the missile fired in combat for the first time ...
The Federal Aviation Administration violated its own rules by taking more than 40 minutes to alert the military after losing communication with a Northwest Airlines flight last week , according to officials familiar with internal reviews under way at several federal agencies .
The delay has sparked consternation within the military , concern within the FAA and special oversight by the White House , these officials said , particularly because such time lags were supposed to be eliminated as a result of the lessons learned from the ...
Landon
Thomas 's story on dodgy shipping loans has some absolutely astonishing numbers , the biggest of which is simply the size of the market , which he pegs at a whopping $ 350 billion .
" data - share - img= " " data - share = " twitter , facebook , linkedin , reddit , google , mail " data - share - count = " false " >
Landon
Thomas ‘s story on dodgy shipping loans has some absolutely astonishing numbers , the biggest of which is simply the size of the market , which he pegs at a whopping $ 350 billion .
The story is pegged to Eastwind Maritime , a shipper which went bust this summer owing $ 300 million on a fleet of 55 ships .
That ’s about $ 5.5 million per ship , which is n’t very much when the average five - year - old vessel was valued at about $ 88 million as of June of 2008 .
But things are different now :
Aozora Bank , a Japanese bank that in addition to being one of Eastwind ’s top lenders is a major creditor of Lehman Brothers , found to its dismay that the value of the 12 Eastwind ships it now controlled was considerably lower than its $ 77 million exposure .
The biggest at - risk bank is German state - owned lender HSH Nordbank , with $ 50 billion of shipping loans .
So far , it ’s provisioned just $ 800 million of those , although it ’s also received $ 19.4 billion in support from its shareholders , the regional German states of Hamburg and Schleswig - Holstein .
The problem is that the collateral on these loans is the ships themselves , and many of these ships are simply worthless given the glut of newer ships coming on to the market .
So far , the shippers have been making their interest payments , which has helped the banks to avoid writing down the loans .
But if the business dries up , the banks are n’t going to be happy with their security .
It ’s not a pretty picture for anybody concerned .
Timothy Baldwin
Tenth Amendment Center
October 26 , 2009
During the Constitutional Convention , from May to September 1787 , delegates from the colonies were to gather together for the express purpose of amending the Articles of Confederation to form a “ more perfect union ” ( NOT a completely different union ! ) .
The men that met in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , were under direct and limited orders from their states to attend the Federal Convention explicitly to preserve the federation and State rights and to correct the errors of the existing federal government for the limited purposes of handling foreign affairs , commerce among the states and common defense .
Yet , during that private and secret convention , there were men who proposed that a national system be established in place of their current federal system , destroying State sovereignty in direct contradiction to their orders .
( Jonathan Elliot , The Debates in the Several State Conventions on the Adoption of the Federal Constitution as Recommended by the General Convention at Philadelphia in 1787 , vol. 1 , 2nd ed. , [ Philadelphia , PA , JB Lippincott , 1891 ] , 121 ) Of course , the public was not aware of this fact until years after the ratification of the Constitution , when the notes taken in the convention were printed and released to the public .
Indeed , those who proposed such a national system of government ( e.g. , Alexander Hamilton , John Dickinson and James Madison ) would not have the people of the states aware of this proposal for fear of outright rejection of the Constitution and for fear that they would remove their delegates from the convention altogether , giving no chance of success for the ratification of a new Constitution .
It was hush - hush for good reason .
In fact , Alexander Hamilton was so tactful on the subject that he did not even present his nationalistic notions as a constitutional proposal , but only as his ideas of what America should be .
( Ibid. , 123 ) Despite these proposals , in the end , it was a federalist system that prevailed –a union of states and not a union of people , whereby the states retained complete and absolute sovereignty over all matters not delegated to the federal government .
The states were indeed co-equal with the federal government .
So , what was it about the national system that was rejected during the convention ?
The most notable proposal reveals the underlying foundation for all national principles : that is , the national government possesses superior sovereignty to force the states to submit to the laws made by the national government and to negate any State law it deems repugnant to the articles of union .
This supreme power was proposed ( but rejected ) as follows during the Federal Convention : the to - be national government should possess the power to “ negative all laws passed by the several states contravening , in the opinion of the national legislature , the articles of union , or any treaties subsisting under the authority of the Union . ” ( Ibid. , 207 ) Hamilton , and his like , would have loved it had this national principle of supreme sovereignty been accepted by the delegates .
Thankfully , it was not accepted .
In fact , as the convention progressed , what became apparent to those who advocated for this national form of government is that their ideas would never be accepted and ratified .
History proves with absolute certainty that a national government and its assuming principles were rejected , not only by the framers of the US Constitution , but also by those who sent delegates to the Federal Convention and who ratified the US Constitution at their State conventions .
More important than the limited powers of the federal government , the people of the states rejected the nationalist doctrine that the federal government had the power to negate State laws that it deemed contrary to the Constitution .
( John Taylor , New Views of the Constitution of the United States , [ Washington DC , 1823 ] , 15 ) .
So , how is it that while the people of the states expressly forbade the federal government from interfering with the internal affairs of the states the federal government can now control nearly every facet of life within the states and the states supposedly can do absolutely nothing about it ?
Most attorneys who think they know so much about America ’s history and the US Constitution would say , “ The United States Supreme Court is given the power to say what the Constitution means and that over the years , they have interpreted Congress ’ power to reach the internal affairs of a State . ”
It is the “ living Constitution ” idea , simultaneously coupled with nationalistic doctrine , which proclaims that the actual meaning of the Constitution can change over time , and that such change is constitutional and does not deny the people their freedom protected under the compact of the Constitution .
Interestingly , the “ living Constitution ” idea is only used when it promotes a constitutional “ construction ” that expands and empowers the federal government and neuters the State governments .
The “ living Constitution ” idea ( advanced by the British Parliament ) in fact is the very notion that caused America ’s War for Independence .
( Claude Halstead Van Tyne , The Causes of the War of Independence , Volume 1 , [ Boston , MA : Houghton Mifflin Company , 1922 ] , 235 , 237 )
[ efoods ]
The ludicrous proposition of a “ living Constitution ” begs numerous critical questions involving the very foundation of a free society , not the least of which is this :
If the meaning of the Constitution can change over time , why did the Constitution ’s framers spend nearly five months debating which words should be placed in the Constitution ?
More than that , why would the framers be so emotionally , mentally , intellectually and intensely involved in the question of what form of government we will have : national or federal ?
How can it be that the judiciary branch of the federal government , which is not even politically responsible to the people or the states whatsoever ( and only ever so slightly to the other federal branches ) , has the sole and complete power to say that the states have no power to interpret and comport to the US Constitution as they deem constitutional , when that same power was expressly rejected to the national government during the convention ?
After all , Hamilton and Madison both admit throughout the federalist papers that the states have complete and absolute sovereignty regarding the powers retained by them and granted to them by the people of each State , just as any foreign nation would .
Both Hamilton and Madison admit that the only check on power is another independent power and thus , the only real power that could check federal power was State power .
They even expected that the states would use their sovereign and independent power to the point of being the voice and , if necessary , the “ ARM ” of the people to implement a common defense against the federal government .
Both Hamilton and Madison admit that the federal government can never force the states out of existence and can never strip them of their rights and powers possessed prior to the ratification of the US Constitution , except as delegated to the federal government .
They even refer to the states ’ right of self - defense in this regard to resist federal tyranny .
Was this mere “ bait and switch ” rhetoric to get the people of the states to ratify what they thought was a pure federal system ?
How can the states possess the absolute sovereign power to check federal tyranny when they are bound to submit to the federal government ’s interpretation of the Constitution ?
The two positions are necessarily incompatible with each other .
To say that you have power , so long as I say you have power is to deny your power altogether .
Quite obviously , in no place does the Constitution grant to the federal government ( in any branch ) superior sovereignty over the states .
Instead , the Constitution requires ALL parties to it ( State and federal ) to comply with the Constitution , as it is the supreme law of the land .
All the framers agreed that federal government and federal law do not equal the “ supreme law of the land . ”
Both the federal government and the federal laws are bound by the terms to which all must comply .
Thus , all parties must be watching each other to ensure each is complying with the compact .
And as was admitted by even the most ardent nationalist ( i.e. , Daniel Webster ) of America ’s earlier history , each party to a COMPACT has the sole right to determine whether the other party has complied with the compact .
But over the years , a political idea contrary to our original federal system was adopted –not through open discussion and consent , but by fraud and force .
This position states that whatever the federal judiciary rules equates to the “ supreme law of the land ” and the states must comply therewith , regardless of whether the federal law usurps the power the states retained under the Constitution .
What the nationalists were unable to obtain through honest and open debate during the conventions they have obtained through the erroneously construed “ supremacy ” clause of the Constitution .
What the federal government was denied through constitutional debate and ratification the nationalists have procured through masquerade , subterfuge and trickery .
America has been duped into accepting a national government , not by interpolation , but by deceptive “ construction . ”
If the federal government has the power to usurp its powers without a countermanding power checking its encroachments , where is the genius in our framers ’ form of government ?
Was this form of government the form that best secured our happiness and freedom ?
And if our framers in fact bequeathed to us a federal system , whereby the states were co-equal with the federal government in sovereignty and power regarding their powers , then where comes the notion that we now have a national system , whereby the states are mere corporate branches of the federal government ?
Where were the constitutional debates on that subject ?
Where was the surrendering of sovereignty by the states , which can only be done through expressed and voluntary consent ?
Where was the right of the people to establish the form of government most likely to effect their safety and happiness ?
Do we just accept the fact that our form of government can change over time without express and legal action being taken to effect that change ?
God forbid !
In 1776 , the colonies rejected the European ( nationalist ) form of government .
In the UNITED STATES , the people of the states ardently believed that their freedoms would be best protected if each of their agents ( State and federal ) possessed equal power to check the other against encroachments of power and freedom .
This was the “ more perfect union ” of the US Constitution .
How could the founders have suggested that the US Constitution was a “ more perfect union ” as a nationalist system , when the nationalist system was the very system they seceded from and rejected ?
That is nonsense !
Ironically , the very document that was designed to perpetuate these principles of federalism has in fact been de-constructed to destroy those same principles , leaving us with the very form of government that our framers and the Constitution ’s ratifiers rejected .
In the end , if the people of the states do not once again reject this national form of government and assert and defend the principles of federalism –the principles upon which America was founded –then this supposed federal power of constitutional “ construction ” will in fact be our freedom ’s destruction .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
This young man , Will Phillips , a ten year - old student in Washington County Arkansas is very , very impressive .
He ’s smart , he ’s articulate , he ’s logical and he is passionate about doing the right thing .
This kid is awesome .
When Will took his stand — or rather kept his seat — against a rote recitation of the Pledge of Allegiance in his classroom until there really is liberty and justice for all Americans — including lesbians , gays and transgendered people , he had no idea that his small gesture of defiance would end up with him on CNN .
But there he was and wow , this kid is just unflappable .
He even looks smart , and that ’s impossible to fake ( Compare his countenance to Sarah Palin’s ! )
You can see the wheels going round in his head before he opens his mouth .
And when he speaks , he speaks the truth .
God bless you Will , go out there and make your mark on the world .
When you watch the video clip note how Will ’s father , Jay Philllips , is obviously bursting with pride over his son ’s principled act of civil disobedience .
It ’s a beautiful thing to watch , a private / public moment of great empathy Jay shows toward Will .
Jay and his wife , Laura , are active supporters of the local LGBT community , and have clearly instilled a sense of right and wrong in their son and they , too , deserve a round of applause — make that a standing ovation — for having raised a child this fantastic .
Blake Hall , a leading figure in Idaho and national politics for 25 years , was fired Monday as a deputy prosecuting attorney in eastern Idaho and has resigned from the Republican National Committee .
Hall , a former member of the state Board of Education , pleaded guilty Friday to stalking a former girlfriend and is serving a 15 - day jail sentence .
He also was sentenced to a year of supervised probation .
A six - month jail sentence was suspended .
Idaho Falls police reported that witnesses said Hall disposed of used condoms on the lawn of the woman 's house .
Nineteen condoms were turned over to police , collected on 10 different dates , according to a police report .
Both Hall and his lawyer acknowledged the condoms belonged to him , according to a police report .
Bonneville County Prosecutor Dane Watkins Jr. told the Idaho Statesman on Monday that he met with Hall for about an hour at the jail Monday and fired him as the county 's chief civil attorney . ”
[ Makes sense to me ! ]
" The bottom line is he just could n't work for the county , representing the county 's interests , when he was being supervised on a criminal conviction , " Watkins told the Idaho Statesman .
‘ He was a member of the prosecutor 's office , and every day we make decisions that relate to this very thing .
I just did n't think it was appropriate to preserve that relationship . "
[ No shit , Sherlock !
Genius !
A master of understatement !
Could have brought new meaning to the term ‘ jailhouse lawyer ’ ! ]
But Hall , 56 , will keep his $ 31,000 - a- year job as the civil attorney in nearby Fremont County , according to Prosecutor Joette Lookabaugh [ no crude jokes , please ] , a Republican who hired Hall in January .
Lookabaugh said she told Hall he would keep his job " unless or until his ability to do an outstanding job for Fremont County citizens is compromised .
In a news release , Lookabaugh suggested Hall was singled out because of his notoriety .
" I understand that political figures are held to a higher standard , " she said .
" What is disturbing is the fact that often people who have devoted their lives to public service are not given the same benefits , or are treated more harshly , than the public at large .
There seems to be a certain amount of political glee in striking down the well - known for any real or perceived foible . "
" Over the weekend , Blake Hall informed me that effective immediately he has resigned his position as National Committeeman of the Idaho Republican Party .
Blake 's successor will be chosen by the Idaho Republican State Central Committee .
I am grateful for Blake 's many years of service to the Republican Party and appreciate that he put the party first by submitting his resignation . "
Hardly a day , no , make that a minute , goes by when we do n’t hear about some new walking , breathing human atrocity in a suit stepping forth from the corporate or political world to exhibit their own , personalized brand of bizarritude .
We ’ve gone beyond being a tabloid universe .
Now , I wo n’t say that ALL of these wackadoodles are republicans .
It just seems that , true to their greedy approach to life , the republicans have amassed the vast majority of them , and , with the Repugs , so much of the insanity seems to revolve around someone ’s unresolved sexual issues .
Where do they get these crazies ?
What is it with the republicans and sex ?
The Great Republican Circusa big tent , just to house all the goofballs and the criminally insane .
Now , from the part of the country that brought us Larry “ Wide Stance ” Craig , Aryan Supremacist compounds , Bigfoot , and Christian Mass murderers comes … Condom Dude !
Forget Senator Craig and his fabulous exhibition of closed space tap - dancing .
Forget Rep. Gohmert equating being gay to beastiality .
Forget Senator Vitters and his diaper - modeling gig .
Here ’s the latest from the Republican sideshow , as reported in the Yep , he ’s an attorney !
It was just stalking , you say ?
Hey , everyone does that , do n’t they ?
Or , maybe you know someone or have a relative who stalks ?
But wait ... there ’s more !
Apparently , no additional info was offered by the police as to what brand or kind ( Ribbed ?
Glow in the dark ? ) of condoms were found but , perhaps , that ’s in the court transcript .
I ’m more worried about the feelings of the girl who , maybe , only merited one condom , but , hey , maybe , one merited three !
Of course , there are all manner of ways that 19 condoms on 10 different occasions could be divided up .
Dare we ask if sheep are involved ?
Anyway , this is quite a case of an animal marking territory if there ever was one .
Does this guy know what they do to cats who spray ?
The story goes on to reveal the more “ normal ” stalking acts involved in the case , like following his ex into restaurants , theaters , ignoring requests to be left alone , etc. , even after the ex married another guy .
Then , the story takes another sideways turn into a justice twilight zone , perhaps showing that it ai n’t what you do , it ’s who you know .
It started when fellow Republican Watkins only put Hall on paid administrative leave back in September after the local judge banged his little gavel and issued an order that prohibited Hall from contacting the ex .
OK .
I know .
It ’s a grey area of legalese .
I guess the order should have specified something about hurling loaded condoms over the fence and whatever else happens to be local custom upon a breakup .
It gets better ( in the heartland of Republican America ) : Jeez .
Is Hall the best or only candidate for the job ?
Is there no one else , or is it that his actions are just looked upon as nothing disgusting or unusual ?
Is this considered “ not so bad ” in Idaho ?
Then Ms. Joette goes completely off the rails !
Hey , I ’ll admit to a certain amount of glee , but , is this just about a foible ?
Hall ’s actions , admitted actions , were just a foible ?
A mere personality quirk ?!
Hey , out here , we all do it ?
It ’s just how we do the breakup thing out here ?
“ Singled out because of his notoriety ” ?
Musta been that damn liberal media , if Idaho has such a thing .
State GOP Chairman Norm Semanko issued the following low key and to the point statement Monday : Blake Hall had been a member of the 148 - member governing body since 1990 .
From 1985 to 1989 , he was also the Idaho Republican Chairman .
Earlier this year , he resigned as the national party 's general counsel .
He also recently resigned from the Board of Education , after nine years of service .
My guess is that the local school board was not one of those that handed out condoms to the local teens .
Hall began serving his lenient sentence Saturday , two days before he was required to report to the Bonneville County Jail by Sixth District Judge Don Harding .
Said Hall ’s attorney , David Leroy , a former Idaho attorney general , " In my opinion , he accepted this severe ( !!!) penalty with extreme grace .
He was calm and strong .
" Judge Harding , saying that he had “ never seen a stalking case this extensive where it lasted so long and was such an invasion of privacy , " denied Hall 's request for work release , a program that would have allowed Hall to spend nights in jail but be freed during the day to continue working , ( or pursue other activities , no doubt ) .
Special Prosecutor Jay Rosenthal said Monday that the sentence was appropriate .
" I believe the judge recognized how invasive this defendant was in the life of this young lady , " Rosenthal said .
" He held her effectively prisoner in her own community , and he needed to know what it was like to not be free .
" Bottom line : Fifteen days in jail and this wackjob will be out walking the streets again .
We can only hope that nothing worse happens .
We ’ve all heard some horrible stalker stories if not ones that are so bizarre .
To me , the question is ; what ’s the next step for this guy ?
No restraining order ever stopped anyone .
I hate to think that , yet again , some day , a community will be saying “ We should have known .
" This is page 1 of Blake Hall 's long record of political contributions -- thousands and thousands of dollars to extreme right freaks and organizations .
Neeldess to say , he was funneling money to notorious characters and shady front groups from Helen Chenoweth to the Freedom Fund .
( Click on the list to make it come alive ; sorry , donations to Bush - Cheney are on page 2 . )
Labels : crazy extremists , Idaho , Republican hypocrisy
Defense contractor KBR may have exposed as many as 100,000 people , including US troops , to cancer - causing toxins by burning waste in open - air pits in Iraq , says a series of class - action lawsuits filed against the company .
At least 22 separate lawsuits claiming KBR poisoned American soldiers in Iraq have been combined into a single massive lawsuit that says KBR , which until not long ago was a subsidiary of Halliburton , sought to save money by disposing of toxic waste and incinerating numerous potentially harmful substances in open - air “ burn pits . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
According to one of the lawsuits ( PDF ) , filed in a federal court in Nashville , KBR burned “ tires , lithium batteries … biohazard materials ( including human corpses ) , medical supplies ( including those used during smallpox inoculations ) , paints , solvents , asbestos insulation , items containing pesticides , polyvinyl chloride pipes , animal carcasses , dangerous chemicals , and hundreds of thousands of plastic water bottles . ”
And they did so within plain sight of US troops operating in Iraq , the lawsuit states .
“ In some instances , the burn pit smoke was so bad that it interfered with the military mission , ” the Nashville lawsuit states .
“ For example , the military located at Camp Bucca , a detention facility , had difficulty guarding the facility as a result of the smoke . ”
The plaintiffs note that the military “ did not prevent ” KBR from disposing of the waste “ in a safe manner that would not have harmed plaintiffs .
The military wanted the defendants to solve the burn pit problems . ”
The lawsuit “ claims at least 100,000 people were endangered by the contractors ’ ‘ utter indifference to and conscious disregard ’ of troops ’ welfare , ” notes the Courthouse News Service .
At a hearing of the Senate Democratic Policy Committee on Friday , Sen. Byron Dorgan ( D - ND ) said that KBR continues to use burn pits at the US ’s largest base in Iraq .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ The Army and the contractor in charge of this waste disposal — Kellogg , Brown , and Root — made frequent and unnecessary use of these burn pits and exposed thousands of US troops to toxic smoke , ” Dorgan said .
“ Burn pits are still used at the Balad Airbase in Iraq , which is the largest US base in that country . ”
A 2008 report by the Pentagon asserted that “ adverse health risks are unlikely ” from the burn pits , but that assertion was challenged by retired Lt. Col.
Darrin Curtis , a biomedical sciences officer who took some of the air samples used in the report .
“ Although I have no hard data , I believe that the burn pits may be responsible for long - term health problems in many individuals , ” the Air Force Times quoted Curtis as saying .
“ I think we are going to look at a lot of sick people . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
EXPOSURE A ‘PRE-EXISTING CONDITION ’
The plaintiffs filing the lawsuits say they have suffered from health problems ranging in seriousness from shortness of breath to cancer .
Russell Keith , a paramedic from Huntsville , Alabama , told the Senate Democratic Policy Committee his doctors believe his development of Parkinson ’s disease was triggered by 15 months of daily exposure to the burn pits at Joint Base Balad in Iraq .
Another plaintiff claims to have developed kidney disease as a result of exposure .
ADVERTISEMENT
Former KBR employee Rick Lambeth told the committee : “ Since returning home in July , I have suffered from a number of respiratory problems related to the exposure .
Now the military will not pay for my medical care .
They claim that these conditions … existed prior to service . ”
For its part , KBR says that it has been “ improperly named ” in the lawsuit , and points the finger at the military .
“ There are significant discrepancies between the plaintiffs ’ claims in the burn litigation against KBR and the facts on this issue , ” Heather Browne , director of corporate communications , told the Nashville Post .
Browne said that KBR does n’t operate all the burn pits in Iraq ; that the Army , and not the company , decides on burn pit locations ; and that the Army decides when to fund an incinerator and when to burn waste in the open air .
The House Financial Services Committee held a hearing , Systemic Regulation , Prudential Matters , Resolution Authority and Securitization last Thursday .
What was rare is almost all of the experts said basically the same thing , the too big to fail bill is TARP on Steroids , a disaster , making TARP permanent de facto .
Congressman Brad Sherman sums it up :
Richard L. Trumka , AFL - CIO President came out swinging on the Federal Reserve .
Trumka called for reform of the Federal Reserve governance , and notes :
Even more alarmingly , the discussion draft would appear to give power to the Federal Reserve to preempt a wide range of rules regulating the capital markets — power which could be used to gut investor and consumer protections .
On use of more taxpayer funds :
We are also deeply troubled by provisions in the discussion draft that would allow the Federal Reserve to use taxpayer funds to rescue failing banks , and then bill other nonfailing banks for the costs .
The incentive structure created by this system seems likely to increase systemic risk .
and suggests a Progressive fee structure to discourage banks from becoming so large .
Finally the AFL - CIO also notes TARP on Steroids :
In these respects , the discussion draft appears to take the most problematic and unpopular aspects of the TARP and makes them the model for permanent legislation .
Interesting fact on Leverage from AFR ’s Jane D’Arista :
The rise in financial sector debt from 63.8 percent to 113.8 percent of GDP over the decade from 1997 to 2007 is a telling indicator of how leverage bloated the system .
AEI 's Wallison also makes no bones on this bill :
Rather than ending too big to fail , the Draft makes it national policy .
By designating certain companies for special prudential regulation , the Draft would signal to the markets that these companies are too big to fail , creating Fannies and Freddies in every sector of the economy where they are designated .
This will impair competition by giving large companies funding and other advantages over small ones .
Dean Baker has some research on the value of a too big to fail subsidy in this CEPR report .
The increase in the gap of 0.49 percentage points implies a government subsidy of $ 34.1 billion a year to the 18 bank holding companies with more than $ 100 billion in assets in the first quarter of 2009 .
Supposedly after so much testimony and criticism , Barney Frank says they will change the bill .
But it 's been over a year , and as noted the bill was a rehashed version of giving the Fed more powers from a previous proposal that was also blasted by various experts .
Baseline Scenario also has a good critique of what is wrong with the too big to fail bill
The decision that there be “ no public list of identified companies , ” as the bill currently reads , stems from a belief that secrecy about the identity of these firms will limit moral hazard .
However , after more than a year of costly bailouts , the federal government ’s implicit guarantee of major financial firms is , sadly , rock solid .
To try to make it magically disappear by refusing to name the most systemically dangerous firms not only wo n’t work , but will severely jeopardize the effectiveness of the regulation itself .
( read TARP on Steroids once again )
Here is the entire transcript and video of this hearing .
I ’ve discovered that if you search for “ says psychologist ” on Google , you get a giant avalanche of wtf .
I encourage you to try it for yourself , but here are a few of the highlights , all taken from headlines of news stories .
Twitter makes you dumb , says psychologist
Boys have it worse , says psychologist
Faith schools breed terrorism , says psychologist
Change is possible for gays , says psychologist
Music tugs at monkeys ’ hearts , says psychologist
Pakistan no longer fear failure , says psychologist
Killer of 4 feared loss of love , says psychologist
Britney has lost control and needs help , says psychologist
You get the idea .
There are plenty more where they came from .
As has been noted by Dr Petra for a while now , you can get virtually anything , and anyone , into the media just by describing them as a psychologist , even when they are n’t .
We are at a point in history where there is a huge popular interest in the mind and brain and so psychological sounding explanations are given huge weight and plenty of airtime .
If you have a look at the stories brought up by the “ says psychologist ” search you ’ll notice that they range from charlatans giving their opinion on celebrities they ’ve never met to the results of research published in the scientific literature , and everything in between .
But no matter , because it can all be condensed into the handy format of “ … says psychologist ” .
This seems to be such a pervasive format that even the American Psychological Association use it for press releases .
Actually , I ’ve just discovered that if you search Google Images for the same you get a stream of random images with “ says psychologist ” underneath .
It ’s kind of poetic in a surreal sort of way .
Link to “ says psychologist ” search .
I just posted a run down of some of the new DOM Traversal APIs in Firefox 3.5 .
The first half of the post is mostly a recap of my old Element Traversal API post .
The second half of the post is all about the new NodeIterator API that was just implemented .
For those that are familiar with some of the DOM TreeWalker APIs this will look quite familiar .
It ’s my opinion , though , that this API is , at best , bloated , and at worst incredibly misguided and impractical for day - to - day use .
Observe the method signature of createNodeIterator :
var nodeIterator = document.createNodeIterator ( root , // root node for the traversal what ToShow , // a set of constants to filter against filter , // an object with a function for advanced filtering entityReferenceExpansion // if entity reference children so be expanded ) ;
This is excessive for what should be , at most , a simple way to traverse DOM nodes .
To start , you must create a NodeIterator using the createNodeIterator method .
This is fine except this method only exists on the Document node – which is especially strange since the first argument is the node which should be used as the root of the traversal .
The first argument should n’t exist and you should be able to call the method on any DOM element , document , or fragment .
Second , in order to specify which types of nodes you wish to see you need to provide a number ( which is the result of the addition of various constants ) that the results will be filtered against .
This is pretty insane so let me break this down .
The NodeFilter object contains a number of properties representing the different types of nodes that exist .
Each property has a number associated with it ( which makes sense , this way the method can uniquely identify which type of node to look for ) .
But then the crazy comes in :
In order to select multiple , different , types of nodes you must OR together the properties to creating a resulting number that ’ll be passed in .
For example if you wanted to find all elements , comments , and text nodes you would do :
NodeFilter .SHOW_ELEMENT
| NodeFilter .SHOW_COMMENT
| NodeFilter .SHOW_TEXT
I ’m not sure if you can get a much more counter - intuitive JavaScript API than that ( you can certainly expect little , to no , common developer adoption , that ’s for sure ) .
Next , the filter argument accepts an object that has a method ( called acceptNode ) which is capable of further filtering the node results before being returned from the iterator .
This means that the function will be called on every applicable node ( as specified by the previous what ToShow argument ) .
Two points to consider :
The filter argument must be an object with a property named ‘ acceptNode ’ that has a function as a value .
It ca n’t just be a function for filtering , it must be enclosed in a wrapper object .
Update : Actually , this is n’t true – at least with Mozilla ’s implementation you can pass in just a function .
Thanks for the tip , Neil !
Actually , this is n’t true – at least with Mozilla ’s implementation you can pass in just a function .
Thanks for the tip , Neil !
The argument is required ( even though you can pass in null , making it equivalent to accepting all nodes ) .
The last argument , entityReferenceExpansion , comes in to play when dealing with XML entities that also contain sub -nodes ( such as elements ) .
For example , with XML entities , it ’s perfectly valid to have a declaration like <!ENTITY aname " < elem> test < / elem > " > and then later in your document have &aname ; ( which is expanded to represent the element ) .
While this may be useful for XML documents it is way out of the scope of most web content ( thus the argument will likely always be false ) .
So , in summary , createNodeIterator has four arguments :
The first of which can be removed ( by making the method available on elements , fragments , and documents ) .
The second of which is obtuse and should be optional ( especially in the case where all nodes are to be matched .
The third which requires a superfluous object wrapping and should be optional .
The fourth of which should be optional .
None of this actually takes into account the actual iteration process .
If you look at the specification you can see that all the examples are in Java – and when seeing this a lot of the API decisions start to make more sense ( not that it really applies to the world of web - based development , though ) .
In JavaScript one does n’t really use iterators , more typically an array is used instead .
( In fact a number of helpers have been added in ECMAScript 5 which make the iteration and filtering process that much simpler . )
I ’d like to propose the following , new , API that would exist in place of the NodeIterator API ( dramatically simplifying most common interactions , especially on the web ) .
// Get all nodes in the document document.getNodes ( ) ; //
Get all comment nodes in the document document.
getNodes ( Node.COMMENT_NODE ) ; //
Get all element , comment , and text nodes in the document document .
getNodes ( Node.ELEMENT_NODE , Node .COMMENT_NODE , Node.TEXT_NODE ) ;
I ’d also like to propose the following helper methods :
// Get all comment nodes in the document document.getCommentNodes ( ) ; //
Get all text nodes in a document document.getTextNodes ( ) ;
Beyond finding elements , finding comments and text nodes are the two most popular queries types that I see requested .
Consider the code that would be required to recreate the above using NodeIterator :
// Get all nodes in the document document.createNodeIterator( document , NodeFilter .
SHOW_ALL , null , false ) ; //
Get all comment nodes in the document document.createNodeIterator( document , NodeFilter .
SHOW_COMMENT , null , false ) ; //
Get all element , comment , and text nodes in the document document.createNodeIterator( document , NodeFilter .
SHOW_ELEMENT
| NodeFilter .SHOW_COMMENT
| NodeFilter .
SHOW_TEXT , null , false ) ;
This proposed API would return an array of DOM nodes as a result ( instead of an NodeIterator object ) .
You can compare the difference in results between the two APIs :
NodeIterator API
var nodeIterator = document.createNodeIterator ( document , NodeFilter .
SHOW_COMMENT , null , false ) ; var node ; while ( ( node = nodeIterator.nextNode ( ) ) ) { node.parentNode.removeChild( node ) ; }
Proposed API
document.getCommentNodes ().forEach( function ( node ) { node.parentNode.removeChild( node ) ; } ) ;
Another example , if we were to find all elements with a node name of ‘ A ’ .
NodeIterator API
var nodeIterator = document.createNodeIterator ( document , NodeFilter .
SHOW_ELEMENT , { acceptNode : function ( node ) { return node.nodeName.toUpperCase ( ) === " A " ; } } , false ) ; var node ; while ( ( node = nodeIterator.nextNode ( ) ) ) { node.className = " found " ; }
Proposed API
document.getNodes ( Node.ELEMENT_NODE ).forEach ( function ( node ) { if ( node.nodeName.toUpperCase ( ) === " A " ) node.className = " found " ; } ) ;
Almost always , when finding some of the crazy intricacies of the DOM or CSS , you ’ll find a legacy of XML documents and Java applications – neither of which have a strong application to the web as we know it or to the web as it ’s progressing .
It ’s time to divorce ourselves from these decrepit APIs and build ones that are better - suited to web developers .
Update :
An even better alternative ( rather than using constants representing node types ) would be something like the following :
document.getNodes ( Element , Comment , Text ) ;
Just refer back to the back objects representing each of the types that you want .
AiGbusted is dedicated to exposing creationist hoaxes , especially the leading organization , Answers in Genesis .
One million women a year are said to experience domestic violence Every school pupil in England is to be taught that domestic violence against women and girls is unacceptable , as part of a new government strategy .
Under the plans , from 2011 children will be taught from the age of five how to prevent violent relationships .
And next year , two helplines will be set up to deal with sexual violence and stalking and harassment .
The charity Refuge has welcomed the move but parents ' groups questioned the government 's interference .
More than £ 13 m is being provided to help support male and female victims of sexual and domestic violence in a range of actions by the police , local authorities , NHS and government .
This political correctness is turning our children into confused mini-adults from the age of five to nine
Margaret Morrissey , Parents Outloud
' I hid the abuse from everyone '
Why a domestic violence campaign ?
Should schools be involved ?
Read your comments
From 2011 , lessons in gender equality and preventing violence in relationships will be compulsory in the personal , social , health and economic ( PSHE ) education curriculum .
Before qualifying , trainee teachers will have to learn about teaching gender awareness and domestic violence .
Schools minister Vernon Coaker said lessons would be age appropriate .
ON THE CURRICULUM
The issue of domestic violence will be dealt with in the sex and relationships element of PSHE lessons
The focus in primary schools is on developing positive relationships ; naming body parts ; what is appropriate intimacy ; and puberty
It aims to prepare young people for mature and unembarrassed discussion when they are older " The appropriateness of what you do with someone who is five years old is totally different in terms of content and how you will be taught to someone who is 15 or 16 , " he said .
Younger children could be taught to prevent bullying and learn how names could hurt people , he added .
But critics have accused the government of interfering in how parents bring up their children .
Margaret Morrissey , of the Parents Outloud campaign group , said schools should focus on teaching children to read and write .
" This political correctness is turning our children into confused mini-adults from the age of five to nine , " she said .
Strangling and slapping Recent research by the children 's charity NSPCC found one in four girls , some as young as 13 , had been slapped or hit by their boyfriends .
It also found one in nine had been beaten up , hit by objects or strangled .
Christine Barter , NSPCC senior research fellow at Bristol University , said it was a significant problem that had not been addressed .
She suggested the problem arose from teenage girls ' " unequal power relationships " with boyfriends - a feature of violent adult relationships too .
She said it was particularly disconcerting that these girls were not telling anyone about the violence .
Plans will also see the piloting of domestic violence protection orders - or " Go " orders - which could see perpetrators excluded from their homes and give victims space to apply for longer - term protection .
A health taskforce set up to examine the role of the NHS in response to female victims of violence will publish recommendations in 2010 .
There were 293,000 incidents of domestic violence in 2008 / 09 , with 77 % of the victims women , according to the British Crime Survey .
However , the government estimates up to one million women experience at least one incident of domestic abuse every year .
Home Office minister Alan Campbell said domestic violence against men was also a problem but women and girls were the focus of this latest strategy because 80 % of domestic violence victims were female .
The strategy coincides with the launch of the Four Ways to Speak Out campaign by domestic violence charity Refuge , fronted by famous faces such as Dame Helen Mirren and Sheryl Gascoigne .
ANALYSIS Sue Littlemore , BBC News
Why is the government launching a campaign to end violence against women and girls in particular ?
The difference is that women disproportionately become the victims of these crimes .
The figures on domestic violence demonstrate the point .
The latest Home Office figures suggest that in one year , 106 people were killed by a current or former partner .
But the overwhelming majority , 72 of them , were women .
It means that domestic attacks result in the death of at least one woman every week , on average , in England and Wales .
Read Sue Littlemore 's full analysis
It wants people to sign a petition urging the government to put an end to " the postcode lottery of domestic violence services " .
Lisa King , director of communications at Refuge , welcomed the government 's plans but said one in three authorities still did not provide such services .
She believes councils should be required by law to provide services for victims of domestic violence and the government should help fund them .
She added that the " particular needs " of abused women from ethnic minority backgrounds also needed to be properly served .
It is a view echoed by Donna Covey , chief executive of the Refugee Council .
" We know that refugee women are disproportionately likely to be affected by rape and sexual violence ... it is therefore of great concern that women fleeing violence find it difficult to access appropriate services in the UK , and there is nothing in this strategy to address this , " she said .
Harriet Harman , minister for women and equality , said tackling violence against women and girls was one of the government 's top priorities and prevention was critical to long - term change .
" We have to work to change attitudes in order to eliminate violence against women and girls and to make it clear beyond doubt that any form of violence against women is unacceptable , " she said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
It ’s official – German breasts are getting bigger !
Breast size Breasts are about 2.3 cm larger on average than 15 years ago .
1994 : 96.4 cm 2009 : 98.7 cm. 1 / 4 vorheriges Element nächstes Element
Human bodies are in a constant state of change , and for decades people have been getting taller and fatter .
And that means that boobs are growing in size as well !
BILD .de explains how the body evolves , and the consequences that can have on health .
A hundred years ago , the average German was 157 cm tall – but that figure has now reached 165 .
The shape of the body has changed as well – the average girl is no longer dainty , petit or curvy as a century ago , or has an hourglass figures like Marilyn Monroe in the 1950s .
Waist and hip sizes are going up along with breasts .
But why are women ’s boobs getting larger ?
Chest measurements grow in direct proportion to average weight .
Since there is a large percentage of fat tissue in breasts it is inevitable they grow along with added weight gain .
Hormone pills – such as those used with menopause – cause breasts to grow due to the higher concentration of oestrogen .
It is still inconclusive as to whether or not a larger bust leads to an increased risk of breast cancer , although research is ongoing .
Why is average weight increasing ?
Although the number of calories in our daily food in the past decades is relatively constant , the composition has changed .
Today we consume a greater amount of unhealthy , saturated fats and sugars for , according to nutrition expert Sven David Mueller .
A woman ’s diet 60 years ago consisted mainly of vegetables and complex carbohydrates .
And people had more exercise back then as well .
There was more housework , and getting around tended to be on foot or by bicycle .
The poor diet and lack of movement have triggered the ever - growing waistline .
Fat deposits around organs in the abdomen are strengthened .
It is n’t just a superficial problem either – studies have found that a larger waistline increases the risk of diabetes and high blood pressure .
More news
Germans are the worst lovers in the world , according to a 20 country sex study .
Nudist ramblers finally have their own naked hiking trail in Germany .
Drei Ausgangsfälle hatte das Bundesverfassungsgericht in Karlsruhe am Dienstag vorliegen , bei denen Familien mit Kindern gegen die Hartz - IV - Sätze geklagt hatten , die ihnen zugesprochen worden waren .
Das Hessische Landessozialgericht und das Bundessozialgericht hatten die Fälle den Richtern vorgelegt , weil sie an der Verfassungsmäßigkeit der zugrunde liegenden Normen zweifelten .
Im Mittelpunkt stand dabei die Frage : Bekommen die Kinder einen angemessenen Betrag ?
Und vor allem : Ist dieser Betrag sorgfältig ermittelt worden ?
Grund zum Zweifeln gab es genug .
Jahrelang bekamen Säuglinge und 13 - Jährige monatlich gleich viel Geld zum Leben .
Generell wurde der Satz für Kinder mit 60 bis 80 Prozent des Bedarfs eines Erwachsenen angesetzt statt eigenständig ermittelt .
Doch nur eines der drei vorlegenden Gerichte , nämlich das Hessische Landessozialgericht , war mit seinen Zweifeln weiter gegangen :
Es hatte infrage gestellt , ob überhaupt die Regelsätze für Erwachsene ordnungsgemäß festgesetzt worden waren .
Das Bundessozialgericht hatte diese als verfassungsgemäß anerkannt .
„ Verpflichtung für menschenwürdiges Dasein “
Wird hier über den Daumen gepeilt ?
So stand vor der Verhandlung in der öffentlichen Wahrnehmung die Frage nach den Kindern im Vordergrund .
Doch Gerichtspräsident Hans - Jürgen
Papier machte schnell klar , dass der Erste Senat sich grundsätzlich mit den Hartz - IV - Regelungen auseinandersetzen wollte .
Den gesamten Vormittag widmete das Bundesverfassungsgericht der Frage , wie die Bundesregierung den Hartz - IV - Regelsatz von ehedem 345 , heute 359 Euro ermitteln ließ .
Papier betonte gleich zu Anfang die Verpflichtung des Staates „ zur Gewährleistung der Mindestvoraussetzungen für ein menschenwürdiges Dasein “ .
Vom Grundrecht auf Gewährleistung eines menschenwürdigen Existenzminimums spricht Papier .
Die Bundesregierung verteidigte ihre Methode zur Ermittlung der Regelsätze – und ihr wurde von den Richtern gründlich auf den Zahn gefühlt .
Geradezu bohrend waren teilweise die Fragen , mit denen die Richter ihre Bedenken an den Berechnungen zeigten .
Für die Bundesregierung stellte Ministerialrätin Ute Buck die Berechnungsmethode vor – und wurde von Papier mit hochgezogenen Augenbrauen gefragt : „ Sind die Zahlen überhaupt valide ?
Vor der Berechnung waren 345 Euro vorgegeben , und am Ende standen 345 Euro , oder nicht ? “
Das werfe doch die Frage auf , ob die Einzelposten nicht genau zurechtgestutzt wurden , um das gewünschte Ergebnis zu erreichen .
EVS , Einkommens - und Verbrauchsstichprobe , heißt die statistische Erhebung , die dem Hartz - IV - Regelsatz zugrunde liegt .
Für die EVS werden 60 000 Haushalte in Deutschland gebeten , ein Haushaltsbuch zu führen .
Das untere Einkommensfünftel dieser Daten ist – nachdem Sozialhilfeempfänger herausgerechnet wurden – der Maßstab , nach dem die Hartz - IV - Sätze berechnet werden .
Und die EVS wurde von den Richtern förmlich zerlöchert .
Wie kann man wissen , dass Maßkleidung und Pelze für das untere Einkommensfünftel eine Rolle spielen und deshalb Abschläge dafür festsetzen , fragte Richter Michael Eichberger .
Wo bleibt bei der Berechnung eine Pauschale für Außergewöhnliches , fragte Richterin Christine Hohmann - Dennhardt .
Wie gehen sie genau beim Schätzen vor , wollte Richter Ferdinand Kirchhoff wissen – werde hier etwa grob über den Daumen gepeilt ?
Die Vertreter der Bundesregierung gerieten bei ihren Ausführungen wiederholt ins Schlingern .
Wiederholt musste Professor Stephan Rixen eingestehen , dass dem Gesetzgeber zu dem Zeitpunkt , zu dem er die Regelungen festlegte , noch Wissen fehlte .
Er versuchte , dies dem Gericht als „ lernende Gesetzgebung “ schmackhaft zu machen – die Zweifel in den Gesichtern der Richter waren jedoch unübersehbar .
There may be a more unsettling political prospect than Tony Blair as president of Europe but for the moment I really can't think of one .
Imagine that rictus grin , that crack - jack - rabbit energy , that insatiable hunger for money channelled into the pomp and circumstance of the office of leader of the European Union .
The salaries , the flunkies , the sycophantic welcomes around the world !
Irwin Stelzer claims that too many of us hate Tony Blair for what he did : making the Labour party electable , bringing down Saddam Hussein , bouncing along in George W Bush 's slipstream , taking us to war in Afghanistan and so on .
I do n't hate Tony Blair for any of these .
I do n't hate him at all .
I find him morbidly fascinating , as fascinating as those perma-tanned American televangelists who promise eternal salvation but are then revealed to have been spending their spare time not praying but " saving " fallen women in the nearest motel .
The problem is not that Blair might be the next president of Europe , but that the office will exist at all .
The post will be created by the Lisbon treaty , if and when it is finally ratified by the Eurosceptic Czech president Vaclav Klaus .
Klaus is refusing to sign the Lisbon treaty , arguing that it will lead to a European super - state , which is correct .
In return he is being vilified as a dinosaur , reactionary and worse by Europe 's press and politicians .
The Germans are even calling for him to be impeached by the Czechs , forgetting perhaps that the days when Berlin decided who rules in Prague are long over – at least in theory .
In truth Klaus is not the most attractive politician .
He is an arrogant , cranky misanthrope who does not believe that climate change is man-made .
But that does not mean he is entirely wrong about Lisbon .
There simply is no popular mandate for the treaty , even less for the idea of a federal European super - state .
Every time voters have been asked whether they wish to move towards a European super - state , where national sovereignty is stealthily elided until it no longer exists they have said " no " .
The French and Dutch said no in 2005 .
We in Britain would almost certainly have said no if Blair had given us the referendum that Labour promised .
The Irish said no , at least until they were virtually forced into saying " yes " earlier this month .
Yet somehow , this process of Britain 's absorption into a kind of Euro - mush continues unabated , as it has done for the last decade or so .
Where has the left been in this debate ?
Either silent or acquiescing in the hazy consensus that Europe is a Good Thing .
In many respects it is : open borders , free trade , the near impossibility of war between EU member states are indeed positive developments .
But thanks to Euro - spin , an apparently unstoppable centrifugal force , our vital , historical values of national sovereignty , accountability , governance by locally elected representatives who sit in a national parliament are now so corroded as to be almost dirty words .
How did this happen ?
There is nothing reactionary about demanding a sovereign national democracy .
We have fought civil wars , world wars and executed a king for the right to decide our own destiny through our elected representatives .
So please , let 's not have Tony Blair as president of Europe .
Let 's not have anyone at all .
We have been treating viral infections ( and many other infections ) as one of the cornerstones of resolving CFS for decades .
The recently reported research on the XMRV virus , while a useful new finding that will help in our efforts to find effective CFS treatments , is in essence but one more documented infection .
Our research shows that 91 % of patients treated with the SHINE protocol improve , and many get well .
Remember that the “ I ” in SHINE stands for Infections — with multiple treatments that help treat viral infections ( such as XMRV ) included .
Following the more complete treatment approach that SHINE addresses is what represents real and proven hope .
It ’s good when discoveries are made that point to new infections that are relevant to CFS .
And when this happens , we expand our treatment coverage to include them .
I look forward to seeing if antivirals active against XMRV offer additional clinical improvement in CFS .
But we choose to not be distracted to reduce our focus to only a single infection type , when there are so many that we can effectively treat to help you get well now .
The XMRV research also offers other benefits , such as attracting media , and helps make it even clearer how real and devastating CFS is .
This may offer a bit more to silence the nitwits who like to claim CFS is all in your mind ( though I would not count on it , as they have ignored reams of earlier research showing CFS / FMS to be very real illnesses ) .
My concern is that this not blind us to the rest of the research in the field , which would cause much harm to those with the illness .
My take may not be popular with some folks right now , but it is based on a broad perspective gained by 30 years experience in the field .
It may not be what is most popular today , but it is my responsibility to offer it in my role as your advocate .
With effective treatment already available , and this new XMRV viral research offering yet another reason to be hopeful , that ’s not a bad thing .
In addition , the SHINE protocol includes “ I ” for infections , and is part of my program , and the program used at the Fibromyalgia and Fatigue Centers nationally .
SHINE includes many antiviral therapies that likely help against XMRV , as well as other viruses .
Especially helpful to many patients are the IV therapies .
In 2008 , UNESCO dubbed China ’s Hakka Houses as an official World Heritage Site , noting the historic , cultural and architectural value of these amazing structures .
Constructed from the 12th century up through the 20th , these buildings housed up to 800 people each , a city within a city that provided it ’s inhabitants with safety , shelter and community .
Also known as Fujian Tulou , there are 20,000 of these structures across the Fujian province of China , a large section of coastal China across the sea from Taiwan .
The Fujian Tolou are an important part of this province ’s history , as these buildings were designed to protect their inhabitants from roaming bandits and warlords .
The typical tulou is a three to five story structure comprised of a thick earthen wall ( up to six feet thick in most cases ) with a single entrance that was protected by a 4 ″ thick solid wooden door and an iron gate .
At the roof level , the tulou were dotted with gun holes to ward off attacking intruders .
Aesthetically , these buildings capture the spirit and beauty of rural China .
Their occupants share a sense of community and hard work for the greater good , where the tasks of daily life are managed collectively , not alone .
Visually , these structures are decidedly Chinese in nature , with clay tiled roofs , wooden framing , stone walkways and earthen walls .
If you use Xmonad , you ’ll notice that there is just a dark , black screen for the background on any unused workspace .
I must admit , it did n’t bother me much at first , but after a couple of months it got really boring .
My computer felt very quiet , and very … dead .
I then considered setting up a wallpaper or something to make my desktop look more engaging .
Though it is certainly possible to spice it up with a simple background image / wallpaper , it is also possible to put up a movie or screensaver ( or any other program ) .
How , you say ?
With Xwinwrap .
I actually use shantz - xwinwrap - bzr from the AUR ( Arch Linux User Repository ) to set up a screensaver in the background .
Specifically , I use the following call :
xwinwrap - ov - fs - ni -- /usr/lib/xscreensaver/cubicgrid -root - window -id WID - delay 10000 - speed 0.5 - ticks 35 &
This displays the “ cubicgrid ” screensaver , which is part of the xscreensaver package .
The beauty of xwinwrap is that you can use not just a screensaver , but any other program with it .
For example , you could , if you wanted , play a movie ( or a playlist of movies ) in the background , constantly .
Though your monitor would then resemble a PC from BestBuy or Costco , playing movies in the background is certainly possible .
The only cons are :
Uses 5 - 10 % of your CPU , depending on what program you are running .
If you are using a standard Desktop Environment like KDE , Gnome , or XFCE , all of your desktop icons will not be displayed , as they will be underneath the xwinwrap window ( although you could still see them via transparency — though I have not done this myself ) .
“ Cool ” effects become a bit boring after a while ( the xmatrix screensaver , for example , looks cool for about 5 minutes , but then gets annoying — maybe this is just me though ) .
I guess a more traditional approach to this technique would be to set up a slideshow of your family ’s digital photo album , if you have one .
The possibilities are endless .
As debate over football ’s long - term effects on players ’ cognitive function continues among doctors and the N.F.L. , the discussion will soon move to Congress .
Representative John Conyers Jr. , a Michigan Democrat and chairman of the House Judiciary Committee , announced in a statement late Friday afternoon that the committee planned to hold hearings on the impact of head injuries sustained by N.F.L. players , “ and what can be done to limit them and compensate the players and their families . ”
Conyers did not indicate when hearings would take place or specifically who from the league and players union would be called to testify .
The statement hinted that the discussion would extend beyond the professional game : “ This issue affects not just N.F.L. players , but millions of high school and college football players as well , ” it said .
Conyers ’s announcement follows a report in The New York Times this week that a study commissioned by the N.F.L. indicated that its retired players , particularly those ages 30 through 49 , appear to have been diagnosed with Alzheimer ’s disease or related cognitive disorders vastly more often than the general population .
A criminal gang has been sentenced to 13 years in prison after being found guilty of using a sophisticated trojan computer virus to steal hundreds of thousands of pounds from UK bank accounts .
Five members of the gang had earlier pleaded guilty at Southwark Crown Court .
The arrests followed a series of raids in South - East London by , more than 50 officers from the Metropolitan Police 's Central e-Crime Unit ( PCeU ) , local boroughs and Specialist Crime Directorate in April /
The gang , which targeted financial services organisations , is believed to have its origins in eastern Europe .
It had been using servers in countries across the continent to spread the virus .
The criminals used malicious software to steal money from UK victims ' bank accounts and transfer it to other money laundering accounts set up and controlled by the gang .
They recruited ' money mules ' to launder the money through their private bank accounts .
Detective constable Kevin Brocklesby from the PCeU said , " This was a complex investigation which certainly involves other people in Russia , but there was a clear structure to the organisation in the UK . "
He said that plenty of people in the UK were willing to assist the gang by accepting money into their accounts , without asking questions .
" They are a crucial cog in this kind of criminal machine , " he said .
The ACPO lead for e-crime , assistant commissioner Janet Williams , said , " Due to effective partnerships with the financial industry we have successfully closed down an international criminal network and reduced the financial harm to institutions and thousands of UK victims by millions of pounds . "
Every now and then someone will dig up a long lost video clip from the past that 's so amazing in every way that you have to watch it multiple times to confirm it 's real .
This is one of those videos .
Advertisement
A nice gentleman named Greg sent this in to Josh at With Leather , who accurately points out a rather striking resemblance between the young Collinsworth and Wooderson from Dazed and Confused , and all of us sports fans owe Greg and Josh a debt of gratitude for this one .
Here , in all its glory , is a halftime segment on the fabulous single life of NFL players from an early 80s Monday Night Football telecast .
Watch Cris Collinsworth gyrate on the dance floor to the funky sounds of The Pointer Sisters and detail to Terre Blair just how big of a twatty baller he is :
I 'm not gonna deny it , I walk around with hundred dollar bills hanging out of my pocket ... I like girls that are n't too bright because you can trick 'em a little bit ... high school girls love me .
Fourteen to eighteen , I 'm a big star with them .
As soon as they mature , after they turn 18 years old , they start to figure it out .
Advertisement
Yeah .
This is truly one for the ages ladies and gentlemen , something that would NEVER make it to the air these days and , if it somehow did , would probably earn Collinsworth a nice little fine , suspension and a Mea Culpa interview with Oprah , Larry King or James Brown .
Enjoy ...
And again , big ups to Greg for sending this gem to With Leather .
Look me up up if you 're ever in New York Greg .
I 'd like to buy you a beer or six .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
UPDATE : Read Cris Collinsworth 's apology here .
Cris Collinsworth
Is Sorry Don't you hate it when someone digs up an embarrassing , decades - old video of you so the entire …
Read more
Spinning Through Space - Time
What does an old - fashioned amusement park ride have to do with space and time ?
Plenty !
Climb aboard the Rotor for a mind - blowing adventure with three of the world ’s greatest scientists – Ike , Ernie , and Al – to find out for yourself .
The Rotor is a ride you either love , or would love to forget .
Just last year you had an unfortunate incident involving this attraction and a plate of cheese fries .
But this time will be different – you hope .
Inside the Rotor , a round floor is edged by a roughly - padded wall .
As you , Ike , Ernie , and Al press your backs against that wall , the whole contraption starts to spin .
You feel yourself pinned against the padding and , faster than you can say “ lose my cookies , ” the floor falls out from under you .
Instead of dropping along with it , though , you find yourself stuck , like a fly on paper , to the wall behind .
Faster and faster the Rotor spins , pressing you deeper into the padding .
Will the madness never end ?
“ I do n’t get this , ” you say above the whine of the motor , “ Why are n’t we falling ? ”
“ It is friction , ” shouts out Al , a kind - looking man with wild hair and a woolen sweater .
“ Yes , ” agrees Ernie , his voice traveling through his rough beard , not surprisingly , at Mach one ( the speed of sound ) , “ You provide the outward force , the wall responds with an inward force , and the roughness of the wall provides an upward force to keep you in place . ”
“ But , ” replies Ike , a disagreeable sort wearing , of all things , a powder - white wig , “ the deeper question is this : why do we feel ourselves pressed to the wall at all ? ”
Al and Ernie both groan .
Either they ’ve heard this before , or they ’re feeling their lunch of bratwurst and sauerkraut .
As your own stomach churns , Ike expositates on the nature of rotation .
“ Objects in motion tend to stay in motion in a straight line , ” he recites , “ Only a force , such as that supplied by the wall of our spinning cylinder , can change straight - line motion into curved motion .
To do this , the wall must push on us , otherwise we ’d continue in straight line motion , traveling past the cylinder until we finally splatter on the midway beyond , ” he declares with a slightly evil grin .
“ But suppose , ” Ike goes on , “ that not just our cylinder , but the ground below , and in fact the entire Universe , were spinning along with us .
I submit that we would still feel the force of the wall .
We spin , not relative to any outside object , but relative to Absolute Space itself ! ”
“ No , ” Ernie breaks in , “ this is not correct .
We cannot measure absolute space , so we can not claim it exists .
The Rotor must spin in relation to real objects .
If the ground below were to spin with the Rotor , then the Rotor ’s motion could be compared to more distant objects , such as the distant stars . ”
“ Are you suggesting , ” Ike replies with a sneer , “ that in a totally empty Universe , a Universe containing only us and this infernal spinning cylinder , we would not be pressed against said wall , but rather would float alongside as if it were motionless ? ”
“ Precisely , ” says Ernie .
“ Consider : in an empty Universe , how could one judge that the Rotor is spinning ?
There are no outside landmarks : no coney stand , no Matterhorn , no Dunk the Clown and Win a Prize .
Not even the distant stars could serve as markers , for in this scenario they no longer exist .
In a totally empty Universe , there is no difference between a still Rotor and one that is spinning madly .
In such a Universe , we would not be pressed to the wall , but instead float alongside it , exactly as if we and the Rotor were motionless . ”
“ That is ludicrous , ” spits out Ike , “ How could the faraway stars affect events here and now ? ”
“ And I , ” replies Ernie , “ might ask how one can base a scientific theory on something , such as your Absolute Space , that by definition cannot be measured ? ”
“ Ah , ” says Al , speaking finally , as a young child at last finding his voice , “ but you forget , Ernie , that the Rotor exists not just in space , but in time , as well .
When we combine our ideas of time and space , we see that the Rotor is spinning with respect to something : it spins with respect to its own past self ! ”
The kindly eyes blaze with passion as Al reaches a crescendo , and you are certain he must be right .
He goes on .
“ We move through time always , in a straight line from then to now .
When we move through space , we affect this motion through time .
However , as long as our space motion does not change , in either speed or direction , we feel no force , because our path , not in space , not in time , but in space - time , remains a straight line .
Now , if we speed up , slow down , or change direction in space , we feel a pressing against ourselves .
This is because we have changed our path through space - time from a straight line to one that is curved .
Al continues .
“ Imagine , as Ernie suggests , that we and the Rotor are alone in the Universe .
Suppose it moves , without spinning , in a straight line at a single speed through space .
No experiment we can do will reveal this motion to us .
Why ?
Because in space - time this motion is no different from not moving at all .
Both trace straight line paths .
But if the Rotor spins , its motion through space - time is distinguishable , even in an otherwise empty Universe .
The path traced by the spinning Rotor , and by those riding within , is not a straight path , but a curve .
It is for this reason that , even in an otherwise empty Universe , we still feel the pressing of the Rotor walls against us .
We move , not relative to the imaginary entity called Absolute Space , but relative to our own normally straight - line paths through space - time ! ”
The motor ’s whine diminishes , and the Rotor slows .
You and the three scientists slide down the wall until your feet gently touch the floor .
Your head spinning in more ways than one , you forget all about your churning stomach and race your three new friends to the bumper cars .
Three Secrets of Forgiveness
By Gina Simmons , Ph.D .
Heather wiped her tear - streaked face with tissue .
Memories of her father , who abandoned her as a child , still tormented her emotionally , two decades later .
As she moved through her home , vacuuming the living room and cleaning the kitchen , the tears ran down her cheeks .
Her husband Dan came home from work and asked , “ What ’s wrong ? ” “ I ca n’t stop thinking about how much he hurt me , ” she replied .
“ It ’s insane how angry and hurt I still feel . ”
What Dan said next changed her thinking forever .
“ I come home every day , love you , support you and the kids , and you spend all your time thinking about him , ” Dan said .
Heather learned one of the secrets of forgiveness .
Forgiveness makes us happier and healthier .
When we focus so much on our personal injuries , we fail to enjoy and appreciate the love and goodness right in front of us .
Heather immediately started feeling better when she took to heart her husband ’s words .
Her anger and hurt stopped her from fully enjoying the man who came home and loved her every day .
As soon as she started spending more time thinking about her husband ’s kindness and goodness , her mood improved .
As she felt stronger emotionally , she moved forward and forgave her father .
Raul ’s fierce face filled with rage when he spoke of the molest of his daughter Angela .
“ She was only 8 years old and he took her innocence , ” he said .
“ How can you forgive the unforgivable ? ” he asked .
Ten years later Raul still raged when he talked about the event that changed the course of the life of his family .
“ How does your anger help your daughter recover ? ” I asked .
“ I ca n’t forgive my friend who did this to her .
I will hate him forever , ” he replied .
“ How does hating him help your daughter ? ” I asked .
Raul paused , his face softened , “ It does n’t , ” he said .
“ Could you forgive him if your daughter ’s life depended on it ? ” I asked .
Raul looked up , “ Of course , ” he said .
“ I ’d do anything for her . ”
Raul discovered how his anger hurt both he and his daughter , stunting their recovery .
He learned the second secret : Forgiveness is a choice .
Choosing forgiveness allowed he and his daughter to enjoy each other without the shadow of the molester clouding every interaction with anger and hurt .
Forgiving his daughter ’s molester does not mean condoning the horrible act .
It also does not mean he must reconcile with his friend .
Raul learned to forgive , not forget , so that he could love his daughter more fully .
Love filled up the space in his mind formerly taken up by anger and resentment .
William felt proud of his career accomplishments .
He won numerous awards , rapidly moving up the corporate ranks .
William fully expected his good evaluations and exceptional performance would win him a V.P. position .
Instead the Fortune 500 company laid off thousands of managers , including William .
Unable to find a comparable job over 2 years later , William felt resentful and scared .
“ I gave them the best of me and they threw me out with the trash , ” he said .
William gradually learned the third secret of forgiveness .
Give up expecting life to always go as planned .
Something he really wanted did not happen .
When he stopped resenting that , he became more creative , and started his own company .
Forgiveness is not easy .
When we work on making our life better after an injury , it helps strengthen us and provide the courage to forgive .
According to Dr. Fred Luskin of the Stanford Forgiveness Project , people who are more forgiving have fewer health problems , less stress and healthier hearts .
Success really is the best revenge .
A Useful Side -Effect of Misplaced Fear
A study in the British Journal of Criminology makes the point that drink - spiking date - raping is basically an urban legend :
Abstract .
There is a stark contrast between heightened perceptions of risk associated with drug - facilitated sexual assault ( DFSA ) and a lack of evidence that this is a widespread threat .
Through surveys and interviews with university students in the United Kingdom and United States , we explore knowledge and beliefs about drink - spiking and the linked threat of sexual assault .
University students in both locations are not only widely sensitized to the issue , but substantial segments claim first - or second - hand experience of particular incidents .
We explore students ’ understanding of the DFSA threat in relationship to their attitudes concerning alcohol , binge - drinking , and responsibility for personal safety .
We suggest that the drink - spiking narrative has a functional appeal in relation to the contemporary experience of young women ’s public drinking .
In an article on the study in The Telegraph , the authors said :
Among young people , drink spiking stories have attractive features that could “ help explain ” their disproportionate loss of control after drinking alcohol , the study found .
Dr Burgess said : “ Our findings suggest guarding against drink spiking has also become a way for women to negotiate how to watch out for each other in an environment where they might well lose control from alcohol consumption . ” [… ]
“ As Dr Burgess observes , it is not scientific evidence which keeps the drug rape myth alive but the fact that it serves so many useful functions . ”
Basically , the hypothesis is that perpetuating the fear of drug - rape allows parents and friends to warn young women off excessive drinking without criticizing their personal choices .
The fake bogeyman lets people avoid talking about the real issues .
Posted on November 17 , 2009 at 5:58 AM • 65 Comments
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
About 200 European football games are under investigation in a match - fixing inquiry , German prosecutors have said .
At least three of the games were in the Champions League and another 12 were in the Uefa Europa League , officials said .
Uefa representative Peter Limacher called it the biggest match - fixing scandal ever to hit Europe .
On Thursday police carried out about 50 raids in Germany , the UK , Switzerland and Austria , making 17 arrests and seizing cash and property .
Fifteen of those arrested were in Germany and the other two in Switzerland .
Matches under investigation were played in Germany , Belgium , Switzerland , Croatia , Slovenia , Turkey , Hungary , Bosnia - Hercegovina and Austria .
Officials said the games included the 40 which Uefa revealed in September were under investigation .
' Stunned ' Prosecutors believe a 200 - strong criminal gang has bribed players , coaches , referees and officials to fix games and then made money by betting on the results .
The investigation is being carried out by German authorities and supported by Uefa , the European football body .
Uefa will be demanding the harshest of sanctions before the competent courts for any individuals , clubs or officials who are implicated in this malpractice
Gianni Infantino ,
Uefa general secretary
All the matches under suspicion are believed to have taken place this year , although prosecutors did not specify if they were qualifying games or group - round matches .
Speaking at a news conference in Germany , Mr Limacher said the revelations represented " clearly " the worst ever match - fixing scandal in European football .
" We at Uefa are stunned by the magnitude of this , " he said .
On the positive side , he said the arrests were proof that the detection system was working .
MATCHES UNDER INVESTIGATION Champions League : 3 Europa League : 12 Germany : 32 ( second division or lower ) Belgium : 17 ( second division ) Switzerland : 22 ( second division ) Croatia : 14 ( first division ) Slovenia : 7 ( first division ) Turkey : 29 ( first division ) Hungary : 13 ( first division ) Bosnia : 8 ( first division ) Austria : 11 ( first division or lower ) Under - 21 European Championship : Unspecified Source : German police
" We feel a certain satisfaction , but on the other side we are deeply affected by the scope of game manipulations by international gangs , " he added .
In a statement Uefa 's general secretary , Gianni Infantino , said it would continue to impose " zero tolerance " on any form of corruption in European football .
" Uefa will be demanding the harshest of sanctions before the competent courts for any individuals , clubs or officials who are implicated in this malpractice , be it under state or sports jurisdiction , " he said .
A German police spokesman told the BBC that officers in the UK had been helping in the inquiry but that no British football matches were under suspicion .
UK police said they had carried out a search in the Greater London area following a request from German law enforcement officials .
Detection system Earlier this year Uefa President Michel Platini described match - fixing as the " greatest danger to football " .
In 2006 , Italian clubs Juventus , Fiorentina , Lazio and AC Milan were all implicated in a match - fixing scandal .
Juventus were relegated while Fiorentina , Lazio and AC Milan had points deducted .
German football was rocked by a match - fixing scandal in 2005 when referee Robert Hoyzer confessed to trying to manipulate games in the second division , third division and German Cup .
His testimony revealed a network of corruption linked to a Croatian gambling syndicate .
Uefa has since introduced an early warning system which flags up unusual betting patterns .
The betting fraud detection system monitors real - time betting , giving investigators an immediate idea of whether there are irregular patterns .
The recent arrests would seem to indicate the detection process is working , but the scale of the manipulation must be a concern , says BBC Sports reporter Alex Capstick .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
He kisses for thee
You might look at this picture and say , “ Wow , U.S. President George W. Bush sure is tight with the dictatorial King of Saudi Arabia .
They behead people and fund the spread of Wahhabist ideology .
What a corrupt relationship . ”
But the reality is , if you ’re a gasoline - consuming American , you ’re deeply complicit in this marriage , too .
So laugh all you want at Bush , but he kisses Saudi cheek for thee — just as U.S. presidents have done for decades .
There ’s nothing particularly unique about Bush ’s relationship with the Saudis .
MANDEL NGAN / AFP / Getty Images
UPDATE : Justin Logan and Matt Yglesias dissent vigorously .
Earlier this month Apple announced a lot of new hardware .
While not all of it is available yet ( in particular the Core i5 and Core i7 iMacs ) most of it is and folks have been asking about how the new hardware performs compared to the old hardware .
So , I 've gathered Geekbench results for the new Mac models and compared them with results for the older Mac models ( all results were gathered from the Geekbench Browser ) .
Geekbench is Primate Labs ' processor and memory benchmark where a score of 1000 means a system has the same performance as a PowerMac G5 @ 1.6GHz .
Higher scores are better .
iMac Benchmarks
MacBook Benchmarks
Mac mini Benchmarks
Conclusions
The results are as expected ; faster processors ( of the same architecture ) mean higher Geekbench scores .
This should n't be surprising since Geekbench is predominantly a CPU benchmark .
What I 'm interested in seeing , though , is how the Core i5 and Core i7 iMacs stack up ; not only do they have a new processor architecture they also have double the number of cores .
I wonder if the high - end iMac i7 will ( finally ! ) be comparable to a low - end Mac Pro ?
A pioneer of secure cloud storage , Wuala closed its service after 7 years in November , 2015 .
Wuala 's team and founders have been a source of inspiration for European tech entrepreneurs and cryptographers alike .
Wuala recommends
Tresorit to their former users to keep their files safe after Wuala shut down .
Similarly to Wuala , Tresorit is a Swiss company , who stores your data in EU data centers and uses “ end - to - end encryption ” to guarantee that no Tresorit admin , hacker or government can access your content .
Your files are secured before they leave your device and remain fully encrypted until they reach the recipient .
Only you have the keys to open or share them .
Secure services are usually a pain to use , but Tresorit 's ease of use has been praised by Forbes , PCWorld and thousands of users .
Tresorit ratings on all app stores rival those of Dropbox .
Tresorit offers the governance controls which businesses expect today .
These controls are embedded in the product , not integrated using other applications .
The Admin Center of Tresorit Business allows company administrators to implement mandatory 2 - Step Verification , limit access based on location and set other global security policies .
A devastating attack on what is taught in primary schools is delivered today by the biggest inquiry into the sector for more than 40 years .
Too much stress is being placed on the three Rs , imposing a curriculum on primary school pupils that is " even narrower than that of the Victorian elementary schools " , it says .
The inquiry is recommending sweeping changes to stop children being left disenchanted by schooling at an early age .
Children should not start formal schooling until the age of six – in line with other European countries – the 600 - page report on the future of primary education recommends .
It was produced by a team directed by Robin Alexander of Cambridge University .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Tests for 11 - year - olds and league tables based on them should be scrapped , and instead children should be assessed in every subject they take at 11 .
The report is heavily critical of successive Conservative and Labour governments for dictating to teachers how they should do their jobs .
Professor Alexander cites " more than one " Labour education secretary saying that primary schools should be teaching children to " read , write and add up properly " – leaving the rest of education to secondary schools .
" It is not good enough to say we want high standards in the basics but we just have to take our chance with the rest , " said Professor Alexander .
The report concludes : " Such a diet , after all , is even narrower than that of the Victorian elementary schools , whose practices most people claimed the country had outgrown . "
Gillian Pugh , a former head of the National Children 's Bureau who chaired the review , added : " There is no research evidence that an early access to formal learning does children any good and a lot of evidence that it can actually do some harm . "
The report recommends that children should largely be left to learn through play , with the foundation stage of learning extended until six , followed by formal lessons in primary schools from six to 11 .
" Children in England start their formal schooling at a younger age than in most other countries and there is strong support for the view that England should conform to international practice by starting formal school at age six or seven , " says the report .
It rejects the findings of a previous inquiry into primary schooling by the former Ofsted inspector Sir Jim Rose on behalf of the Government , saying it should be put on ice because it failed to tackle key issues .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
It is equally scathing about government attempts to control the curriculum and dictate to teachers how they should teach , citing as an example the formal literacy and numeracy strategies introduced by Labour which spelled out how lessons should be conducted .
" The Stalinist overtones of a ' state theory of learning ' enforced by ' the machinery of surveillance and accountability ' – league tables , testing targets – are as unattractive as they are serious , " says the report .
" The general air of pessimism and powerlessness [ among teachers ] could be an accurate reflection of how people feel , anywhere , when their freedom of action and thought in the area which lies at the heart of their work is reduced . "
Professor Alexander 's team question whether the rise in the percentage of pupils achieving the required level in maths and English at 11 does , in fact , indicate that standards have improved .
Instead , the report argues , " memorisation and recall have come to be valued more than understanding and enquiry and transmission of information more than the pursuit of knowledge in its fullest sense " .
Other recommendations include an end to central prescription by the Government of how teachers should teach .
The report rejects the notion – put forward in a report by the UN agency Unicef – that British children are among the " unhappiest " in the West .
The real crisis of childhood , it argues is the " crisis of disadvantage and poverty " .
" The divide between the poorest households in Britain and those with relatively high levels of income widened dramatically during the 1980s , " says the report .
Despite a reduction since then , the gap is now widening again , it continues .
Children from disadvantaged homes tend to get shouted at more at home and feel a sense of failure on starting school , it says .
As a result , they are more likely to seek out the " class tearaways " for friends than those from a better - off environment .
Good quality teaching is essential for giving pupils a chance to escape from a poor environment , it argues , questioning whether the claim by Ofsted , which is often seized upon by ministers , that " we have the best quality teachers ever " , can be verified .
The report advocates more use of specialist teachers in the latter years of primary schooling , arguing that it may be necessary to extend the PGCE primary training course from one to two years to give new staff the necessary expertise .
Last night the main plank of the report – raising the formal start of schooling to six – was rejected by the Government .
The Schools minister Vernon Coaker said the Rose review had recommended a less prescriptive curriculum , adding : " It 's disappointing that a review which purports to be so comprehensive is simply not up to speed on major changes in primaries . "
However , its findings were widely welcomed by teachers ' leaders .
" How much more evidence does the Government need before it realises that this [ the national curriculum tests ] is a useless system for assessment which does nothing but bring unwelcome and unnecessary pressure on schools which are self - evidently successful ? " said Christine Blower , general secretary of the National Union of Teachers .
The report , funded by the Esme Fairbairn Foundation , is the largest study into primary education since the Plowden report in 1967 .
Victorian education :
How it compares
The Victorian elementary schools , like those today , concentrated on the three 'R 's much , as official reports would have it in both eras , to the detriment of a broader curriculum .
But they were better at making sure children were well placed for employment , with girls doing sewing and boys more manual work .
Victorians started compulsory schooling at the age of five , because they wanted to get education of the working classes over quickly so children could start work at the age of 10 .
Yet no - one has questioned this starting age in the 140 years since it was introduced .
The parent 's view : ' Three Rs are n't everything '
Caroline Morgan said she likes the sound of the Alexander review 's main recommendation – that the start of formal schooling should be put back to six .
Ms Morgan , who lives in Dorchester and has three children , two of whom are of primary school age – William , nine , and Alice , seven – said the move " can only be a good thing " .
" Starting school can be very difficult for some children .
It is important to build their confidence so that it does n't impact upon their learning . "
This was one of the key forces behind the review 's recommendations – the belief that beginning formal education before a child is ready for it can lower their confidence and leave them floundering in class .
She also believes that too much concentration on the " three Rs " can be counter - productive .
" Our school head aims to get dirty with the school curriculum with the children going on regular trips , teaching the pupils in interesting hands - on ways , which is also fun , " she said .
" It should not be just about literacy and numeracy .
By moving away from this we can help to improve children 's perception of school and make them want to go . "
The teacher 's view : ' A step in the right direction '
Primary school teacher Lesley Ward professes she is " delighted " with the key recommendations of the report .
" I think this is wonderful news and a step in the right direction that will allow children to be children again , " she said .
She said the move to begin formal schooling at six would " allow children to settle in before they are set the challenges of literacy and numeracy " .
Ward , a primary school supply teacher from Doncaster , South Yorkshire , added : " These changes will no doubt improve children 's happiness and commitment to school in future years . "
She also welcomed the scrapping of the national curriculum tests in maths and English for 11 - year - olds .
" They are not an accurate measure of a child 's ability and can demotivate a child if they score a ' level three ' [ one level below the required standard ] , even if that is a great result for the child .
" Too much emphasis is placed on working through the curriculum rather than allowing children to learn in an active , enjoyable manner . "
Effect of the floods in Cumbria
Press Association
Flood - damaged parts of the UK are bracing themselves for more heavy rain today after two days of downpours that inundated homes , swept away bridges , sparked evacuations and claimed the life of a policeman .
PC Bill Barker .
Photograph : Cumbria constabulary / PA
Gordon Brown has pledged an extra £ 1 m to help flood - hit communities in Cumbria , which yesterday suffered the worst downpour in British history , with 314 mm – more than a foot of rain – falling in 24 hours .
Brown announced the funding on a visit to the flood - stricken county where PC Bill Barker died after a bridge collapsed .
More than 1,300 households across Cumbria have been affected , with hundreds of people displaced and more than 1,000 homes left without power .
About 100 people remain in emergency shelters .
A thorough search of houses affected by the flooding began this morning , as the emergency services advised people not to return to their homes yet and forecasters predicted fresh downpours .
The Met Office has predicted another 15 mm ( 0.5 in ) to 40 mm ( 1.6 in ) of rain in Cumbria today .
Four bridges collapsed in the county and 11 remain closed due to fast - flowing floodwaters .
There are four severe flood warnings in force in Cumbria and 19 flood warnings across Scotland , northern England , the Midlands and Wales .
There are flood watches in another 50 areas .
Both rivers that run through Cockermouth – the town worst affected by the flooding – burst their banks , blocking roads and forcing more than 200 people from their homes .
A police spokesman said : " Nobody has been reported missing in the area at this time and the rescue effort is being scaled down .
" Fewer than 100 people remain in reception centres , with the rest having made alternative arrangements to stay with family and friends . "
Ian Rideout , a Red Cross worker , said many of those rescued were suffering from shock .
" The centre of Cockermouth looks like it has been completely destroyed .
I 've never seen anything like it .
The water has caused so much damage that many of the homes here are completely ruined .
" We 've been working non-stop and between the Red Cross and RNLI we 've rescued around 200 people from their homes .
" Last night I went up in one of the helicopters to get an idea of the full scale of the disaster and where we should focus rescue efforts .
Almost straight away we found four people on the roof of their home who needed to be winched to safety .
" Most of the people we 've rescued have been in shock .
One minute it 's raining heavily , then the next their home is filling with water and they 're being evacuated by the Red Cross . "
People in the town said they were worried that rain forecast for the weekend would bring more problems .
Alan Smith said : " The thing with the river Cocker is it can fall as quickly as it can rise .
" It 's come down four foot from last night but the fells are sodden and if we get any more rain it will just come straight off and into the river and the level will rise again .
" If we have persistent rain like last night and the day before , we will be back to square one . "
Julian Mayes , a forecaster with MeteoGroup UK , said : " What happened was at least a one in 500 years event .
It was a historic day which broke all records . "
Further showers were likely to give river levels a " temporary upward blip " and flood plain areas would remain flooded , he said .
The Workington MP , Tony Cunningham , said the flood was " of biblical proportions " and he was astonished by the destruction of the Northside bridge , which led to PC Barker 's death .
Cunningham , whose constituency covers Cockermouth , said : " If the floods in Carlisle are anything to go by then people were out of their homes for 10 , 11 , even 12 months .
" There are many broken buildings in Cockermouth but the people are not broken . "
At a meeting at Penrith police station in Cumbria , Brown said the government would match the £ 1 m in aid already given by the North West Development Agency .
" We will do everything we can to support the local community in its hour of need . "
Brown has paid tribute to Barker , calling the policeman " a very brave and heroic man " .
Barker , who would have been celebrating his 45th birthday today , was killed as he directed motorists away from the bridge .
It collapsed and he was swept away .
His body was found on a beach in nearby Allonby .
The officer , from Egremont , served with Cumbria police for 25 years and leaves a wife , Hazel , and four children .
His wife said her husband was her " forever friend " and " an amazing dad " , adding : " I have the comfort of knowing that Bill died doing the job he loved , and the fact that he was helping others is just typical Bill . "
Cumbria police Chief Constable Craig Mackey said Barker was " a wonderful police officer and a real family man " .
" Bill is a hero who died saving the lives of others and our thoughts are with his family at this devastating time .
He was a much loved friend , colleague and an inspiration to everyone he knew – he will be sadly missed . "
( PhysOrg.com ) --
The first human embryonic stem cell treatment approved by the FDA for human testing has been shown to restore limb function in rats with neck spinal cord injuries - a finding that could expand the clinical trial to include people with cervical damage .
In January , the U.S. Food & Drug Administration gave Geron Corp. of Menlo Park , Calif. , permission to test the UC Irvine treatment in individuals with thoracic spinal cord injuries , which occur below the neck .
However , trying it in those with cervical damage was n't approved because preclinical testing with rats had n't been completed .
Results of the cervical study currently appear online in the journal Stem Cells .
UCI scientist Hans Keirstead hopes the data will prompt the FDA to authorize clinical testing of the treatment in people with both types of spinal cord damage .
About 52 percent of spinal cord injuries are cervical and 48 percent thoracic .
" People with cervical damage often have lost or impaired limb movement and bowel , bladder or sexual function , and currently there 's no effective treatment .
It 's a challenging existence , " said Keirstead , a primary author of the study .
" What our therapy did to injured rodents is phenomenal .
If we see even a fraction of that benefit in humans , it will be nothing short of a home run . "
A week after test rats with 100 percent walking ability suffered neck spinal cord injuries , some received the stem cell treatment .
The walking ability of those that did n't degraded to 38 percent .
Treated rats ' ability , however , was restored to 97 percent .
UCI 's therapy utilizes human embryonic stem cells destined to become spinal cord cells called oligodendrocytes .
These are the building blocks of myelin , the biological insulation for nerve fibers that 's critical to proper functioning of the central nervous system .
When myelin is stripped away through injury or disease , paralysis can occur .
Lead author and doctoral student Jason Sharp , Keirstead and colleagues discovered that the stem cells not only rebuilt myelin but prevented tissue death and triggered nerve fiber regrowth .
They also suppressed the immune response , causing an increase in anti-inflammatory molecules .
" The transplant created a healing environment in the spinal cord , " said Keirstead , who is co-director of the Sue & Bill Gross Stem Cell Research Center and on the faculty of the Reeve - Irvine Research Center - named for late actor Christopher Reeve , who became a quadriplegic after a cervical spinal cord injury .
Source : University of California - Irvine
Explore further Stem cells used to reverse paralysis in animals
Finland !
Not only they have great universal health care — including dental — great public daycare , and great public education at all levels , but now they also got broadband as a legal right provided to every citizen .
And not any crappy broadband .
Advertisement
The policy will be active in July 2010 , when every Finn will get a one - megabit connection .
But that 's just an intermediate step towards their final goal :
By 2015 , everyone will have a 100 M bps — yes , a hundred megabits per second — available .
Now , before the political debate starts in the comments , please watch this .
Click to view
Thank you .
[ YLE News via Into Mobile ]
Tax Prof Herwig J. Schlunk ( Vanderbilt ) has posted Mamas Don't Let Your Babies Grow Up To Be ... Lawyers on SSRN .
Here is the abstract :
This essay treats a legal education as an investment , and asks the question of whether , based on known costs and expected benefits , such investment should be undertaken .
The inquiry will necessarily differ from one potential law student to another .
But for three posited “ typical students , ” the investment is shown to be a bad one .
...
Based on 2009 tax rates , the following table presents the foregone after - all - tax income of each of my potential law school attendees during his first year of gainful employment .
...
The table also presents the salary - level that would have been attained by the start of the fourth year , i.e. , the year in which a law graduate enters the workforce .
... [ T ]he following table presents the initial compensation hurdle that the law degree must overcome to provide any positive value to each of my three potential law school attendees :
I assume that each of my law school graduates has an expected 35 - year legal career .
I also assume that the incremental earnings from a law degree are earned as an annuity with a 3.5 % annual growth factor reflecting increased productivity .
The question is : what must be the initial payment of such annuity in order to justify the investment made in the law degree ?
The answers are surprisingly high , as can be seen in the following table :
What does this mean ?
Suppose we convince ourselves that 18 % is the appropriate discount rate .
Then Solid Performer would need to expect to earn , on average , $ 36,449 more in his first year of legal employment than he would have earned had he not gone to law school .
Given that his hurdle compensation is $ 87,312 , it follows that he must expect to earn $ 123,761 in his first year .
Moreover , the $ 36,449 wage differential would need to be maintained , and indeed increased at a rate of 3 % per annum , throughout the remainder of his career .
The following table sets forth the result of this same calculation of the required expected first year compensation for each of my three hypothetical individuals :
One Reason You Should n’t Go to Afghanistan With a Beard
Few images epitomize Western fears of terrorism since the September 11 attacks better than that of the long - bearded jihadist , such as Osama bin Laden himself .
Ironically , many Afghans have come to share the West ’s pogonophobia .
But Afghans do n’t just fear the bearded Taliban .
They also fear bearded Western special operations forces .
The wearing of beards by U.S. and allied special operations forces dates back to the invasion in 2001 , when small teams of troops worked with Northern Alliance forces to overthrow the Taliban .
The Western men grew beards in part to blend in on arduous and isolated missions in rural parts of Afghanistan , where long beards are still typically the norm and were the law under Taliban rule .
Beards remain , by and large , the distinctive hallmark of special operations forces in Afghanistan .
They allow Afghans to distinguish regular U.S. and allied military units from special operations forces , the highly trained teams like the Green Berets and Navy SEALs .
But for most Afghans , these beards now carry a negative connotation .
In Kandahar province ’s Zhari district , elders refer to the " bearded Americans , " who they say behave very badly , and the " shaven Americans , " who are n’t so bad .
Likewise , in Uruzgan province , locals have complained about " bearded Americans " using foul language and manhandling respected community elders and government officials .
Of course , not all members of special operations forces — U.S. or allied — wear beards , and not all regular troops are cleanshaven .
Moreover , special operations soldiers tend not to be Rambo - types ; they are often unassuming , if quietly confident , men , chosen as much for their mental as their physical aptitude .
But ( often bearded ) special operations forces are responsible for the most dangerous and controversial missions .
Special operations forces , not regular troops , for instance , capture and kill key al Qaeda and Taliban figures .
Apart from the civilian casualties these operations sometimes cause , they also bring these soldiers into close contact with Afghan society at places and times where it is most vulnerable and sensitive .
Special operations forces , for example , perform late - night raids of Afghan homes , a deeply humiliating and dishonorable event in the local culture — in particular , the searching of women ’s quarters .
It is so shameful that some Afghans have cited the searches as the reason for their joining the growing ranks of the internally displaced .
As one former resident of Khas Uruzgan recounted to local researchers , " I went to Spin Boldak to save my dignity .
We do n’t want to see our wives and daughters without their shawls , searched in front of us .
We were humiliated . "
Further , these missions sometimes end in arbitrary arrests and indefinite detentions at Bagram Airfield , where the moral , legal , and political conundrums thrown up by the prison there perhaps equal those of Guantánamo Bay , but with much less public attention .
And , in the past , the missions have even caused problems for regional International Security Assistance Force ( ISAF ) commanders whose efforts to build trust with locals were complicated by controversial special forces operations about which they knew nothing in advance .
This should provide those advocating a renewed narrow focus on the counterterrorism mission in Afghanistan with food for thought .
It may seem a cheaper and cleaner alternative to the counterinsurgency approach the Pentagon advocates .
But it would come at a high cost for the local population and for the West ’s reputation , relying on the most resented soldiers , compromising the United States ’ goal of winning hearts and minds .
It is significant that the man now charged with turning things around in Afghanistan , Gen. Stanley McChrystal , was previously the head of U.S. Joint Special Operations Command and oversaw these types of direct - action operations by special forces .
By some accounts , McChrystal has adopted the Army ’s broader counterinsurgency mission with all the zeal of a convert .
Serious questions remain about whether even a fully resourced counterinsurgency approach will work in Afghanistan , but a key measure of its success will be one that McChrystal has himself established : the protection of civilians .
This goal has led McChrystal to place , very publicly , limits on the use of air power by coalition forces .
The high civilian death toll in the recent airstrike on a hijacked oil tanker in Kunduz province demonstrated both the importance of this new injunction and the difficulty of implementing it .
An equal measure of McChrystal ’s commitment to protect Afghans will be how he uses the special operations forces he once led and whose activities remain shrouded in secrecy .
In a recent speech at the International Institute for Strategic Studies in London , the ISAF commander emphasized yet again that Afghans need protecting : from the Taliban and other insurgents who kill , maim , exploit , and extort , as well as from the warlords whose predatory instincts have not been dulled by the fact that some are today ministers in the national government .
But as McChrystal made clear , if the West is to win in Afghanistan , sometimes the allied forces will " need to protect [ Afghans ] from our own actions " as well .
NEXT POST
Scary News -- Sean Hannity will not rule out 2012 bid for White House .
Palin too ?
You know , that thirty - three and a third or so , of whatever poll is current , identifying themselves as conservative and evangelicals in America , do n't get me wrong , both groups are certainly made up of fine people just taking care of their ...
Hybrid Camry
Toyota Hybrid Camry has less fuel and the emissions and functions in a greater speed more than any other car in its power .
Photo by NADAguides Garage
This is one of the highest cars that can come with high powers even though locally built .
It can work with some of its rivals along with 1100 liters of fuel required annually in order to drive around the city .
This is great in comparison to the six - cylinder rivals along with some of the greater comparison rates .
Corporate managers of the product planning can bring into notice some of the most interesting ways through which locally built six - cylinder rivals can come over .
The senior company can come with the higher product planning .
Peter Evans with Hybrid Camry ’s fuel consumption came to be worked with emissions along with the rival of the small and compact cars .
Mr.
Evans has given a new perspective during the 20,000 km of city driving and riding with individual motorists .
This has brought about a new price in the fuel economy as well with $ 1.20 liter in unregulated unleaded petrol .
These savings are going to be big along with the new drivers coming along to save for the greater covering charges for higher distance .
A New Face Emerges for Formerly Disfigured Man Surgery removed 11 pounds of tumors from James O'Neal 's face .
Oct. 26 , 2009  --
No one could blame James O'Neal for looking in the mirror a few times a day and admiring the contours of his face -- chiseled jaw , straight nose , smooth planed cheek .
They are , after all , brand new .
Disfigured by an 11 - pound mass of tumors so large they dominated the left side of his face , O'Neal , 47 , from Woodinville , Wash . , had surgery in August to remove the tumors and to reconstruct his face .
" I did n't recognize myself when I first saw it , " O'Neal told ABC News affiliate KOMO News in Seattle .
" I like the nose -- I like that best .
I can actually breathe out of both nostrils , that 's nice .
I like that . "
O'Neal 's tumors were the result of a genetic disorder called neurofibromatosis that causes benign tumors to grow on nerve cells .
The weight of the mass slowly distorted O'Neal 's face and twisted his nose so much that breathing was difficult .
Still , O'Neal never shied away from people around him , working as a checker at a local Safeway .
His customers became his admirers , then his friends , then his advocates .
With help from his community and with support pouring in from around the world , O'Neal was able to have surgery to remove the tumor tissue from his face .
" [ For me ] , it 's incredibly rewarding , " said Katie Knopf , a long - time customer of O'Neal 's who lead fundraising efforts for him through a blog .
" I 'm the most proud that I was able to follow through and that everyone else made it really simple to follow through .
I really wanted to see his life get changed for the better . "
Community Support for Surgery Reveals New Face
Dr. Peter Neligan , director of the Center for Reconstructive Surgery at the University of Washington Medical Center , donated his surgical skill to remove O'Neal 's tumors .
O'Neal 's first operation , in November 2008 , removed 8 pounds of tumor tissue , but was cut short because he was losing too much blood .
The second operation this year went more smoothly .
" We knew going in it would be less complicated , " Neligan said .
" The results have been very gratifying . "
After removing the last traces of tumor tissue , Neligan used leg tendons as a sort of sling to support O'Neal 's nose , which the tumor had twisted out of shape , and keep the corner of his mouth in position .
O'Neal 's ear , which was misshapen and hung low off his tumor mass , was restructured and repositioned .
Feeling Normal for the First Time
While O'Neal is still missing one eye , he has turned away from more surgery .
" He 's not particularly interested in any further reconstruction , he 's perfectly happy , " Neligan said .
" He looks in the mirror several times a day ! "
But O'Neal may be the only one who notices how face - like his face is now .
" When I was talking to him recently , I noticed that before , I was so distracted by the big mass on the side of his face , " Knopf said .
" Now I noticed that I do n't notice anything anymore .
It 's all like normal now . "
Looking to Future , Family
Although all the tumor tissue was removed , the neurofibromatosis persists in all of O'Neal 's facial tissues and there is a strong possibility that tumors will continue to grow over time .
However , Neligan said he does n't anticipate major surgery to remove such tumors in the near future .
O'Neal will continue to follow up with Neligan yearly to monitor the progression of his disease and catch tumors before they get too large .
" We 'll touch it up , maybe , if he starts to get some growth , to nip it in the bud , " Neligan said .
And Knopf said O'Neal looks forward to moving ahead with his life , including getting married and having a family .
" He would be a fantastic dad , " Knopf said .
By Katherine Sellgren
BBC News education reporter
Dr Kealey warns academics not to act on their fantasies A university leader has caused controversy by saying curvy female students are a " perk of the job " .
Terence Kealey , of the University of Buckingham , said lecturers were aware of females who " flaunted their curves " .
In a tongue - in - cheek article for Times Higher Education Magazine on the seven deadly sins of academia , he advised academics to " look but not touch " .
The National Union of Students condemned the comments as insulting and disrespectful to women .
Dr Kealey , a clinical bio-chemist and vice - chancellor of Buckingham University , likened the classroom to a lap dancing club and said admiring the curves of attractive students could help " spice up " marital sex .
There will be a girl in class who flashes her admiration ...
Enjoy her !
She 's a perk .
Dr Kealey
In his article about the sin of lust , Dr Kealey wrote : " Most male lecturers know that , most years , there will be a girl in class who flashes her admiration and who asks for advice on her essays .
" What to do ?
Enjoy her !
She 's a perk . "
Referring to characters from Middlemarch by George Eliot and The History Man by Malcolm Bradbury , he added : " She does n't yet know that you are only Casaubon to her Dorothea , Howard Kirk to her Felicity Phee , and she will flaunt you her curves .
" Which you should admire daily to spice up your sex , nightly , with the wife . "
Dr Kealey recalled the days when sex between student and tutor , in return for academic favours , could go by unchecked .
" Thanks to the accountability imposed by the Quality Assurance Agency [ the university watchdog ] and other intrusive bodies , the days are gone when a scholar could trade sex for upgrades . "
' Appalled ' Olivia Bailey , womens ' officer for the NUS , said : " I am appalled that a university vice - chancellor should display such an astounding lack of respect for women .
" Regardless of whether this was an attempt at humour , it is completely unacceptable for someone in Terence Kealey 's position to compare a lecture theatre to a lap dancing club , and I expect that many women studying at Buckingham University will be feeling extremely angry and insulted at these comments . "
Dr Kealey said he was using humour to warn against lust His article has prompted a lively debate on the Times Higher Education website .
" I 'm amazed that Terence K has a position in any university , and I 'll be damn sure never to apply for a job at Buckingham , " said one reader .
Another added : " Any scholar , who assumes that female students who show interest in the subject and ask for help because they have a crush on you or hope to manipulate you with their sexual charms , is a reality - challenged idiot .
" And anyone who thinks that female students are there in the classroom expressly as objects of the instructor 's viewing pleasure needs to retire . "
But another said : " I 'm appalled that everyone 's so appalled !
- it 's just not that important , or offensive . "
Humour Adding his own voice to the online debate , Dr Kealey said his article was a " moral piece " which used humour to encourage people to exercise self - restraint .
And he told the BBC : " It says that sex between middle - aged academics and young undergraduates is wrong .
It also says that academics should enjoy the company of their students .
That too is unexceptionable .
" The Times Higher readership is composed mainly of academics who would be expected to appreciate articles written at more than one level .
The crudeness of some of the examples was to underpin the inappropriateness of transgressional sex and that is a conventional literary device .
" Sex between staff and students is not funny and is not a legitimate source of humour but it is legitimate to use humour to illuminate the ways that people finesse the dissonance between what is publicly acceptable and what is sometimes privately desired . "
A spokesman for the University and College Union said : " Harassment is not something to be taken lightly and I would be surprised , and deeply concerned , if any university , or vice - chancellor , tried to laugh it off . "
Dr Kealey has been vice - chancellor at Buckingham - the UK's only independent university - since 2001 .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Ray Comfort is the man responsible for the recent distribution of Charles Darwin ’s
On the Origin of Species ( with a 50 - page introduction explaining why it ’s all junk science and how Darwin is connected to Hitler ) at college campuses across the country .
He distributed the books a day earlier than he said he would .
On Tuesday , he announced that his ministry will be giving away a million more copies of the book .
He ’s also the man speaking alongside ministry partner Kirk Cameron in the infamous video about “ the banana : an atheist ’s worst nightmare . ”
You asked questions and Ray responded .
A few notes :
And with that , here we go :
Hemant Mehta :
Why did you distribute the books a day early ?
Do you think that was deceptive ?
Ray Comfort :
Whether or not it was “ deceptive ” depends on your point of view .
We originally intended to give the books out on the 19th but because of the threats of book burnings , of “ unilateral resistance , ” and the many threats to tear out the Introduction , we changed our strategy .
I believe it was a strategically good move .
Many atheists had planned to disguise themselves as students and collect multiple copies themselves to stop students from getting the books .
One atheist benevolently said , “ I wish people would stop ragging on him distributing the books early .
It ’s a good strategic move to try to pre-empt our events , themselves intended to oppose his . . . it ’s a legitimate tactic , no matter how frustrating . ”
Hemant :
Why did the first editions of your book not include four important chapters from Darwin ’s book ?
( They are in the second printing , you have said , but why not the first ? )
Ray :
When laying out the book for the first print ( 30,000 copies ) , the publishers found that it was over 400 pages and a book that size was too expensive to be a free publication .
I therefore randomly removed four chapters and Darwin ’s Introduction , saying within the book that they could be freely downloaded at www.originextra.com.
But for the second print ( 175,000 copies ) we dropped the text - size , and that reduced the entire book to 304 pages , making it affordable as a giveaway .
It was the second print that we made available to students .
Hemant : Similarly , why reprint a first edition of Darwin ’s book and not the sixth edition ( which contained corrections and an additional chapter ) ?
Ray : I published the first edition because that ’s what we were celebrating — 150 years since the publication of the first edition of On the Origin of Species .
Hemant :
The arguments you make in the introduction to the Darwin book have been stated before — and refuted repeatedly by scientists .
So why repeat them ?
Are you interested in hearing atheists ’ responses to your questions ?
Ray : I do n’t deny that the arguments I have used have been addressed many times .
However , it ’s only atheists that believe that they have been “ refuted . ” I do n’t .
I listen to arguments and if they do n’t hold up , I do n’t accept them .
Hemant :
In your own words , how would you describe how evolution and natural selection are supposed to work according to the theory that is broadly accepted in the life sciences ?
( In other words , can you explain what evolution is before trying to debunk it ? )
Ray : Someone who believes in the theory of evolution believes that life started simply and over millions of years evolved to the complex state we now see .
The process of change is supposedly brought about by something Darwin called “ natural selection . ”
Evolution has no explanation for the genesis of life , and it has never been “ observed ” to take place .
Nor has it been scientifically proven — because it ’s never been “ tested ” in a laboratory .
Evolution , as you have conceded in your question , is simply a theory .
Darwinian evolution is often confused by believers with a species adapting within its own kind .
Transitions within a species ( a kind ) is not Darwinian evolution .
Hemant :
What is the strongest evidence you can think of in support of evolution by natural selection ?
Ray :
There is no indisputable evidence for species to species evolution .
All “ evidence ” comes down to faith — does the believer believe the dating process or the information given by other believers in evolution .
The mantra is that there are millions of fossils that scientifically prove evolution .
I am often sent long lists of missing links .
But as I investigate each one , they are not true missing links between kinds .
There are millions of fossils that reveal adaptation within kinds , but there are no undisputed fossils that show one species ( kind ) evolving into another species ( kind ) .
The links between kinds were missing in Darwin ’s day , and 150 years later they are still missing .
To date I have seen no evidence for the theory of evolution .
Hemant :
What evidence would you need to see in order to accept evolution ?
Ray :
If you can think of something new that you think is credible , please let me know and I will be happy to consider it .
Hemant : Many atheists say you make a lot of errors when talking about science .
If you heard us saying false things about Christianity , odds are you would n’t take us very seriously .
Why should we take you seriously ?
Ray :
Many atheists believe that I make a lot of errors when talking about science .
Let me correct them just a little .
I have made errors about the beliefs of evolutionists .
I am told that I am in error by using the phrase “ the law of gravity . ”
If that ’s unscientific , I ’m not alone .
Many scientists also use the phrase .
I am told that I believe that the earth is 6,000 years old , when I have said many times I do n’t have any idea about the age of the earth .
Those who believe it ’s 4.5 billion years old have to have faith in radioisotope dating techniques .
I do n’t have that sort of faith .
Hemant :
What are the last few books about evolution which you ’ve read ( written by people who accept evolution , I mean ) ?
Ray : Evolution For Dummies
( I ’m sure some would say that that is an appropriate book for me ) .
As usual , the explanation [ as ] to why we have 1.4 million kinds with both male and female was ignored .
The Wild World of the Future talks about future evolution speculation , as opposed to the usual evolution speculation of past .
The last book I read was On the Origin of Species .
I read it from cover to cover and found it a difficult read because most of it is pretty boring .
I have heard atheists say the same thing .
However , thanks to our generous giveaway of a total of 205,000 copies , others can read for themselves what Darwin actually believed , and make up their own minds .
Hemant : The banana .
Do you stand by the argument in your video ?
Do you regret saying what you did ?
Do you like when people associate that video with you ?
Was it a joke ?
Are you aware that the banana in your video is genetically modified while a “ natural ” banana would be virtually unrecognizable ?
( There are several other questions regarding the Banana , but these are the overall themes ) .
Ray : I deeply regret doing the banana routine on television without a live audience .
I have been doing it for live audiences for more than 20 years , and it ’s never failed to get a lot of laughs .
Regarding genetic modification .
There is n’t any evidence that the banana has changed its shape in the last 2,000 years .
The anonymous creator of the well - publicized YouTube clip used a picture of a modern banana that was shaped like a potato , to make me look like a fool ( and he did a pretty good job ) .
To see evidence that the banana has n’t changed shape , go to the bottom of http://www.livingwaters.com/origin/presskit and click on the PDF of “ The Banana Controversy . ”
Humbling though it has been , the subject has worked in my favor .
Being “ The Banana Man ” has left me with a very low bar to reach .
People are quite amazed when I ’m able to string a complete sentence together .
Hemant : Many countries with high numbers of non-religious people have lower rates of crime , spousal abuse , divorce , etc .
Does n’t this go against the idea that non-theism is dangerous ?
Ray :
Theism or non-theism is n’t the issue .
For example , religion has caused terrible atrocities throughout history ( and still does today ) .
It comes in at the number two spot .
Number one is atheistic communism , which has been responsible for an estimated 100 million deaths throughout history * .
So the problem has little to do with religion or atheism .
The root problem is people that use whatever means possible for their own evil agenda .
Crime is all over this world , because sin dwells in every person .
[* Footnote : “ Communism has been the greatest social engineering experiment we have ever seen .
It failed utterly and in doing so it killed over 100,000,000 men , women , and children , not to mention the near 30,000,000 of its subjects that died in its often aggressive wars and the rebellions it provoked . ” ]
Hemant :
You write on your website that “ It is impossible for a Christian to convert to atheism because a Christian is someone who knows God . ”
People have sent me letters talking about how extremely devout and Christian they used to be , even though they are now atheists .
What do you make of their testimonies ?
( Are they liars ?
Are they not really atheists ?
Were they never truly Christians ? )
Ray :
These people are the results of the horrible manipulative practices of modern Christianity .
Many of these spurious converts fall away from the faith and ( understandably ) become very bitter .
Some become atheists .
Some stay in the church and give God lip - service ( they play the hypocrite ) .
If this does n’t make sense , take the time to listen to the two free audios ( “ Hell ’s Best Kept Secret ” and “ True and False Conversion ” ) on www.livingwaters.com.
Hopefully they will help to shed light on what has been happening because of the practices of modern Christianity .
Hemant : Can you name some other Christians you believe are doing good work to spread Biblical word ?
( In other words , what other Christians do you respect and support ? )
What do you make of Fred Phelps and the Westboro Baptist Church ?
Are their actions and beliefs consistent with the God you believe in ?
Ray :
There are millions of Christians ( and thousands of Christian organizations ) that I love and wholeheartedly support .
I know that many atheists will disagree with me when I say that I love atheists .
But if I did n’t , I would have paid for the meals of 40 atheists when they invited me to dinner , in Orange County .
Why would I give Red Lobster meal vouchers to atheists on my blog ?
Why did I give away 120 hard cover books to atheists ?
I do n’t hate anybody .
I think that the people at Westboro Baptist church are terribly misguided and that they are misrepresenting Christianity .
There has been a lot of talk about Hitler using Christianity for his hate filled agenda .
But he perverted the message of Christianity , which says to love your enemies , and to do good to those that hate you .
But Hitler spoke about evolution in his autobiography and then used it correctly for his own ends .
He took survival of the fittest to its logical conclusion .
Richard Dawkins says that evolution is “ survival of the fittest , ” and that he is thankful that we do n’t instigate Darwin ’s theory in contemporary society , where we care for the elderly .
You can see Dawkin ’s saying this in an interview on the Press Kit on www.livingwaters.com
Hemant :
When scientists uncover million - year - old fossils or discover evolutionary “ missing links , ” do you think they are lying to themselves or somehow misinterpreting the data ?
Ray : The Theory of Evolution is like a puffy summer cloud .
It changes almost daily .
It is nebulous , and can be as large or as small as the imaginations of men .
I have said many times that its language is the language of speculation — using words like “ believe ” “ suppose , ” “ probably , ” and “ perhaps . ”
Nothing is sure , because “ science ” is forever changing its position as it searches for truth .
Today ’s “ missing link ” is discarded for tomorrow’s , and something that was 300 million [ years old ] years ago can become 400 million years [ old ] overnight .
So much is based on faith in dating methods and unscientific beliefs of men who have an erroneous presupposition .
I do n’t have faith in the same things in which evolutions have faith .
Hemant :
On your website , you ’ve mentioned some nasty things people have been saying about you .
But you never link back to the original postings .
Is there a reason for this ?
Would n’t it be good practice , so readers could see the context of the quotations for themselves and judge the statements for themselves ?
Ray :
This question was asked by “ Linzee Binzee , ” who quoted someone saying that they hated me , and wished that I had a heart attack .
Then Linzee said , “ Quote - mining is a tactic Comfort is constantly guilty of , and in this instance he used it to defend his pathetic cowardice . ”
The quote in question was from the comments section of my own blog .
The general rule is that if it is a scientific claim , you will find “ Notes ” at the bottom of my posts ( you can check on this by looking at previous posts ) .
But when people say negative or hateful comments , it has no academic importance and it ’s a simple thing to Google and find the source .
Hemant :
You spend a lot of time talking to and writing about atheists .
Yet , people of other faiths ( Muslim , Hindu , etc. ) also do n’t believe in your god .
Surely , they ’re facing the same perilous future as the atheists .
Why not spend energy on them as well ?
Why focus solely on the atheists ?
Ray : I have preached open air more than 5,000 times .
That took a lot of energy .
Most of those times I was addressing people outside the atheist community .
I have also written 60 or so books , most of them have nothing to do with atheism .
If I seem to focus on atheists it ’s because they wo n’t leave me alone .
They hang around my blog like bugs at a camp fire , and when I go to give books out at universities , they are waiting for me .
But I love and honor them , and count it a privilege to speak with them .
Hemant : Why have Christians like Francis Collins accepted evolution so wholeheartedly ?
Ray : I will answer this by quoting from a recent entry on “ Atheist Central ” ( note the “ Note ” at the end ) :
A Christian can believe in fairies , if he wishes .
While I would n’t doubt the salvation of one who did , I may doubt his sanity .
This is because Christianity does n’t come from what you believe ( although that is part of the equation ) , it comes from who you know .
Let me back up a little to explain what I mean .
The Bible teaches the Jesus Christ was pre-existent before
He was manifest in human form .
He claimed to be the source of life , saying things like “ I am the life ” ( see John 1:4 , 11:25 , 14:6 ) .
When someone repents and believes the gospel ( that Jesus Christ died for his sin and rose on the third day ) , he places his trust in the Savior and comes to “ know ” God .
Then God “ seals ” the believer with the Holy Spirit .
Jesus Christ “ who is our life ” dwells within the believer ( see John 14:16 - 18 ) .
The Scriptures say “ Christ , who is in you ” ( see Colossians 1:27 ) .
Jesus said that he would come to and would actually dwell within the Christian through the Holy Spirit ( see John 14:21 ) .
Here now is the bottom line .
If you have Jesus Christ , you have life , irrespective of your denomination .
God knows those that love Him .
If you do n’t have Jesus Christ ( through the new birth of John 3:3 ) , you do n’t have life .
You are still dead in your sins and justly under the condemnation of God ( see John 3:17 - 18 ) .
Here ’s the pivotal verses :
“ He who has the Son has life ; he who does not have the Son of God does not have life .
These things I have written to you who believe in the name of the Son of God , that you may know that you have eternal life … ” ( 1 John 5:12 - 13 ) .
That said , if you have the Son of God , then the Holy Spirit will lead you into all truth ( see John 16:13 ) .
Your theology in time will become “ sound , ” and you will align your beliefs with those truths revealed in Holy Scripture , because it is God ’s revelation to mankind .
If the Old Testament says there was a literal flood ( Jesus did also ) , the Christian cannot believe otherwise .
If the Bible says that the earth freely floats in space when “ science ” of the time said that it did n’t ( see Job 26:7 ) , the Christian quickly sides with the Bible .
In the case of evolution , Scripture is very clear that God made man in His image ( not as a primate ) .
He made him and all the animal kingdom as male and female ( “ Evolutionary biology is unable to reveal why animals would abandon asexual reproduction in favor of more costly and inefficient sexual reproduction . ” [ 1 ] ) , and He gave them ( and every living animal ) the ability to reproduce “ after their own kind , ” and not to evolve in time into other “ kinds ” or species of animals .
We see the truth of all of the above both in the fossil record and in the creation that surrounds us .
Dear EarthTalk : I 'd like to know the relative electricity cost of utility - scale solar and wind plants versus rooftop residential solar .
In other words , how can I know whether to subsidize my utility 's alternative - energy plant or renovate my own home ?
— Randy Wilson , Flagstaff , AZ
Making such a determination is complex , but you could start with “ In My Backyard , ” a new online tool by the National Renewable Energy Laboratory ( NREL ) .
You first need to know your electricity usage and what size solar photovoltaic ( PV ) system or wind turbine you could install .
Then , using Google Earth maps and data on the amounts of sunshine and wind at your location , the tool will estimate the electricity you could get from a certain size wind turbine or PV array installed on your property .
The costs to install renewable energy systems vary greatly by location , warn researchers at the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory , which is supported by the Department of Energy ( DOE ) .
And kilowatt hour ( kWh ) costs vary by utility , as do state and local financial incentives .
One piece of good news :
The federal Investment Tax Credit was expanded and extended this year .
It allows for 30 percent of the cost of your system to be deducted from your federal tax bill , and is good through 2016 .
Comparing the cost of going it alone to that of simply buying green power through your utility is not a simple equation , either .
You can support your utility ’s renewable power infrastructure by paying a premium on your electric bill , or you can buy renewable energy certificates — also known as green tags — even if your utility does not offer green power ( green tags inject renewable energies into the grid even if they do n’t come back to you via your own utility ) .
To decide which equation is better for you , compare the costs of those programs over the same time period with the cost of building and maintaining your own system ( minus any installation credits and / or revenues from selling your excess electricity back to the utility ) .
That would give you the relative costs and return - on - investment .
But that ’s still not the whole picture :
Another question is whether your home system can continue to produce energy more cost - effectively than your utility , as it brings more and more green energy sources into its mix .
Lawrence Berkeley says no , essentially .
A February 2009 report summarizing the costs of PV from 1998 to 2007 concluded that larger systems averaged a 25 percent lower cost than the smallest ones .
The same is true for wind power , says the American Wind Energy Association .
The group ’s February 2005 report calculates that a large wind farm can deliver electricity at a nearly 40 percent lower cost than a small one .
It also can take advantage of economies of scale in lower operational and maintenance costs .
The bottom line is this : Decades ago , when widespread use of alternative energy was still only a dream , building one ’s own private source of home power was the only way to get off the carbon - intense grid and ensure that your own energy needs left little footprint .
But today , with considerably more renewable energy sources coming online or about to do so in quantum leap measures — and at much greater efficiencies than can be achieved privately — the best bet may well be to forego the go - it alone path and support your utility ’s efforts to generate green power not just for your own household but for everyone .
CONTACTS : NREL ’s “ In My Backyard ” Tool , www.nrel.gov/eis/imby; DOE Green Power Network , http://apps3.eere.energy.gov/greenpower.
EarthTalk is produced by E / The Environmental Magazine .
SEND YOUR ENVIRONMENTAL QUESTIONS
TO : EarthTalk , P.O. Box 5098 , Westport , CT 06881 ; earthtalk@emagazine.com .
Read past columns at : www.emagazine.com/earthtalk/archives.php.
EarthTalk is now a book !
Details and order information at : www.emagazine.com/earthtalkbook.
( CNN ) -- Jessica Simpson and Dolly Parton have found more to bond over than their blonde locks and country crooning .
The famously busty pair found common ground this week over the difficulties of having an ample bosom .
" Aahhh chiropractor ...
Hurts so good :-) you lug these around and see if your back do n't hurt ! "
Parton , 63 , posted to her Twitter account Monday morning .
Simpson , 29 , a longtime fan of Parton 's , responded to the tweet with an " Amen sister : ) . "
Both Simpson's and Parton 's double - D breasts have been topics of discussion over the course of their careers .
Jessica Simpson 's father , Joe , famously praised his daughter 's chest in a 2004 interview with GQ magazine .
" Jessica never tries to be sexy .
She just is sexy .
If you put her in a T - shirt or you put her in a bustier , she 's sexy in both .
She 's got double D's !
You can't cover those suckers up ! " Joe Simpson said .
When Simpson made her country debut at the Grand Ole Opry last year , she offended some of her new fan base by showing off too much cleavage .
One fan went so far as to complain to People magazine , " I think she should have put some clothes on . "
After spending decades more than Simpson in the spotlight , Parton has always joked that she believes her breasts became more famous than she is .
" My breasts have served me well .
I do n't know if I 'm supporting them or they 're supporting me .
But of course I 've had them jacked up a bit .
And they 're part of the persona .
It always takes a bit of pressure off me , " Parton said last year .
This week is n't the first time the " 9 to 5 " singer has publicly complained about her ample assets .
" My boobs are killing me , and I do n't know if I can stand the pain any longer .
They have been a trademark for me , but I 've paid one hell of a price , " Parton moaned in 2004 .
Writing in the journal Medical Hypotheses , researcher Dr Colin Hendrie from the University of Leeds , said : " Female inoculation with a specific male 's cytomegalovirus is most efficiently achieved through mouth - to - mouth contact and saliva exchange , particularly where the flow of saliva is from the male to the typically shorter female . "
Election Chaos in Afghanistan Karzai's Fraudulent Victory Will Plague Obama
With the withdrawal of his sole challenger , Hamid Karzai has now won a second term as president of Afghanistan .
But for the West , working together with the Afghan government will only get harder .
US President Barack Obama will have to explain why he wants to support an undemocratically elected leader by sending more troops .
The debate in Germany is also likely to heat up .
I have n't been a P2P user for nearly a decade now , but there was a shining moment back in graduate school when Napster 's bounty of music looked shiny and irresistible .
Though discovery tools were primitive , Napster made it simple enough to find bands that one liked , then to browse the music collection of those who also liked said band .
In this way I discovered The Jayhawks and dove deeper into Radiohead — which at the time I knew only as the band who had done " Creep " some years before .
Those downloads made no money for the artists , but that exposure turned me into a huge fan of both groups and it was n't long before I spent my afternoons scavenging the used CD shops of Chapel Hill to find more of the incredible music I was discovering .
Used CDs did n't generate money for the artists , either , but they at least had the twin advantages of legality and sound quality .
When The Jawyhawks came to town a year later , I bought two tickets to the show ( sadly canceled due to some sort of heart problem with lead singer Gary Louris ) .
As money became less of an issue in the following years , I began buying CDs and then digital downloads at online shops .
Currently , I 've purchased five Jayhawks albums and six Radiohead albums — and the same could be said of 50 other artists .
In fact , it was Napster that turned me into something more than a casual listener of music , and I 've happily spent a few thousand dollars over the years on just about every genre of music — much of it on albums I would never have heard about in my pre-Napster days .
And then there were the concerts , the music magazine subscriptions , the band posters
Pirates say they 'll pay
But is this experience anything more than an anecdote ?
We 've seen several studies over the last decade that say music " pirates " buy the same amount of music or even more but we 've also seen research that suggests a net loss to the music industry ( or to the recording industry , which is not the same thing ) .
New research out of the UK suggests that my story is n't archetypal , but it 's not uncommon , either .
Think tank Demos commissioned the survey ( PowerPoint ) from Ipsos MediaCT , and Ipsos went out and surveyed 1,008 Internet - using UK adults aged 16 to 50 .
A third of them admitted to using " unofficial " sources to find music , though only 10 percent said that they actually downloaded copyrighted content without permission .
( This may be one of those results that comes from a response bias against admitting to perceived negative acts . )
Ipsos then narrowed in on those who admitted to scouring the unofficial channels of music and asked them about their music buying .
The results were split , but most people said that the file - sharing had either no effect or a positive effect on their music purchasing .
Data source : Ipsos
The survey was conducted over the Internet , and this particular question relies on notoriously inaccurate consumer recall , so it 's hard to know just how seriously to take the results .
It does fit with past research , like that commissioned by the Canadian government which found a strong correlation between downloading songs from P2P networks and buying more CDs .
But even that research found no such correlation between downloading and purchasing music online .
Critics have long contended that these findings are true , and that the decline in worldwide record industry revenues is due not to piracy but to the return of the single ( thanks in large part to iTunes ) .
This argument was recently advanced in the excellent book Appetite for Self - Destruction , for instance , which we reviewed earlier this year .
In any event , the Ipsos research also showed high interest in a subscription music download service .
Seventy - two percent of those who admitted to illicit downloading said they would be willing to pay for such a scheme ; among all respondents , the number was still high at 47 percent .
Ipsos suggests , though , that such a service would need to be priced at ? 5 a month in order to maximize profits , and we 've seen little evidence that the major labels are interested in offering DRM - free downloads for a price that low .
But the Isle of Man is going ahead with such a scheme anyway , and for only ? 1 a month ( though it is mandatory on all ISP connections ) .
Perhaps such experiments will pave the way for the sorts of new business model that can end the hostility between the music business and music fans .
Every time Apple holds a new event , the speculation begins : will this announcement be the one in which The Beatles ' music ( legally ) comes to the Internet ?
But it turns out that Apple was beaten to the punch by BlueBeat.com , which on October 30 began streaming unlimited plays from The Beatles ' catalog ( including the new remastered albums ) and selling tracks for a quarter each .
It 's at this point that you 're probably asking yourself , " Self , who exactly is behind BlueBeat.com ?
I 've never heard of it . "
It 's true that BlueBeat.com is not well known as a music streaming destination , but you might know more than you suspect about the company behind it ; Media Rights Technologies made waves back in 2007 when it sent cease - and - desist letters to Microsoft , Adobe , Radio , and Apple , demanding that the companies adopt its proprietary streamripper protection software , X1 SeCure Recording Control .
MRT has always made a big deal about copyright protection — though usually in the service of selling its DRM solutions .
When I spoke to CEO Hank Risan briefly back in 2007 , he insisted that he was driven by a love of music and a desire to see musicians get paid .
So are The Beatles getting paid ?
EMI has already told a UK newspaper that Bluebeat appears to be selling the tracks without permission , but BlueBeat insists that everything on its site is legitimate .
" Our MP3s are fully - licensed audio- visual works and BlueBeat.com pays all applicable royalties , " the site says .
MRT did not return our requests for comment , but a careful look at the BlueBeat site reveals something curious .
The language above specifically says that the MP3s for sale at the site are " audio - visual works , " the site 's proprietary streaming player is called the " BlueBeat A/V player , " and the site offers a link to the US Copyright Office in order to explain what an " audio - visual work " is .
This might sound like a generic designation , but it has a specific meaning in copyright law .
As the Copyright Office makes clear , there is one exception to the category of " sound recording " : " Under the copyright law , the sounds that accompany an audiovisual work , for example , a motion picture , are not defined as a sound recording . "
And A/V work is described as a " series of related images that are intended to be shown by the use of a machine or device , together with accompanying sounds , if any . "
Given that MRT is so careful with the BlueBeat language on this point , and that the player does show album art and other graphics , it may be that the company is relying on some unusual understanding of copyright law to claim that its downloads are not sound recordings and thus come under a different licensing regime .
The copyright notice at the bottom of BlueBeat pages is also odd .
It reads : " All audio - visual works copyright ?
2009 ( reg. # PAu 3-407-524 ) BlueBeat , Inc , a subsidiary of MRT .
BlueBeat transmits simulated live musical performances for free at 160 and 320 kb/s . "
Again , the fixation is on " audio - visual works , " though here it 's clear that these are copyrighted by BlueBeat itself , not some other rightsholder .
Without an explanation or public response from MRT , however , it 's hard to say what 's going on here .
Non-standard legal theories were the basis for their 2007 letters against Apple , Microsoft , Adobe , and Real .
At the time , MRT claimed that the companies were violating the DMCA by not using " effective " DRM in their streaming applications ( iTunes , Windows Media Player , Flash player , and RealPlayer ) , and MRT threatened lawsuits unless its own DRM scheme was licensed by the companies .
Nothing apparently came of this threat , which was certainly unusual — MRT was not a rightsholder .
The company then removed all iTunes links from BlueBeat and issued a press release in which it said that " Apple , Inc. does not have the required government licenses to manufacture and distribute content over the Internet , nor does Apple protect their content from serial copying . "
Risan said at the time , " In my review of official government records and discussions with the US Copyright Office , I was shocked to discover that Apple did not obtain their compulsory licenses .
MRT will not condone copyright infringement nor risk infringement liability for our customers and partners .
Until Apple is fully compliant with government regulations , iTunes will not be permitted on our sites . "
In any event , the company is back in the news once more , stirring up another controversy over music licensing , this time using one of the biggest bands in the world .
While the situation certainly sounds ... murky , there 's a part of us that badly wants MRT to succeed here .
Who would n't want legal copies of The Beatles catalogue for a quarter each ?
Yves Smith returned from book - writing land to catch up on the Andrew Hall story , which is one that I pretty much decided to ignore from the beginning .
Hall is the Citigroup trader who , according to his compensation agreement , was due a $ 100 million bonus .
The bonus was so big because Hall and his team were due 30 % of the profits from their trades , which is even more than typical hedge fund fees .
( This tradition of particular trading groups negotiating a share of their profits dates back at least to Salomon in its heyday ; AIG Financial Products also had this type of deal . )
But Smith focused on one element that got me thinking .
Hall ’s division , Phibro , was bought by Occidental Petroleum .
“ Oxy paid $ 250 million , the current value of Phibro ’s trading positions .
There was NO premium , zero , zip , nada , for the earning potential of the business .
Zero .
Oxy bought the business for its liquidation value . ”
Smith infers that no one was willing to pay more because the success of Phibro depended on its being part of Citigroup and benefiting from Citi ’s low cost of funding ; in other words , the massive profitability of Phibro was in part due to an accounting error — not charging it an appropriate cost of capital given the risk it was taking .
This made me think of something else , though .
The typical excuse for paying traders enormous amounts of money is that if you do n’t , they will leave for somewhere else .
During the boom , it was certainly true that they would have left .
( Whether anyone would have missed them is another question — it seems to me that some of the reasons to be skeptical of mutual fund managers apply equally to proprietary traders . )
But after the crisis , the options for someone hoping to leave a major investment bank must have declined .
I ’ve written so many times that reduced competition has helped the survivors increase market share and margins , but I never realized the other consequence : it gives them more bargaining power relative to their employees .
There are fewer banks to go to ; some of them ( Citi , Bank of America ) are in no shape to be paying top dollar ; and while some hedge funds are doing just fine , their cost of funds must have gone up relative to the big banks in the current environment .
With less competition for talent , compensation should go down , at least a little .
So why is Goldman reportedly on track to pay record or near - record bonuses this year ?
I imagine they would say something about how , in order to maximize long - run firm value , they should n’t take this opportunity to screw their employees .
But if I were a shareholder , I would think a small amount of employee - screwing would be in order .
This is a company that claims to live and die by the free market , after all .
By James Kwak
This is a short message to release an IP / ICMPv4 fuzzer , destinated for UTesting , and else .
I 'd like to thanks Philippe Biondi for making such a library as scapyIn this example we go deep as layer 3 fuzzing , thanks scapy , we fuzz IP and ICMP by disassembling the packet in bytes , and modifing it , and then joining it and sending back
You can simply capture a ping echo ( for example ) you sended and then fuzz it , you will need to replace the checksum bytes by 00 00 always , for more information : http://www.networksorcery.com/enp/protocol/ip.htmhttp://www.networksorcery.com/enp/protocol/icmp.htmYou can easily adapt this fuzzer to any kind of networking fuzzing .
Dont forget it 's a prototype , and i ASSUME you know what you 're doing , do not ask for help .
As blogger is not python friendly : http://pastebin.com/f5c536013Have fun with this concept :)#!/usr/bin/pythonimport random , sys , logging , osfrom random import * from scapy.all import * logging.getLogger ( " scapy " ) .setLevel ( 1 ) # #fuzzer core##def onerand ( packet ) : pack = packet [ :] byte = str(chr ( choice ( range ( 256 ) ) ) ) pack[ choice ( range( len ( packet ) ) ) ] = byteprint " fuzzing rand byte :%s
" % ( byte.encode ( " hex " ) ) return packdef doublerand ( packet ) : pack = packet [ :] byte = str(chr ( choice ( range ( 256 ) ) ) ) byte2 = str(chr ( choice ( range ( 256 ) ) ) ) pack[ choice ( range( len ( packet ) ) ) ] = bytepack [ choice ( range( len( packet ) ) ) ] = byte2 print " fuzzing rand byte : %s byte2:%s
" % ( byte.encode ( " hex " ) , byte2.encode ( " hex " ) ) return packdef longrand ( packet ) : pack = packet [ :] byte = str(chr ( choice ( range ( 256 ) ) ) ) lon = randrange ( 0,600 ) pack[ choice ( range( len ( packet ) ) ) ] = byte *lonprint " fuzzing rand byte : %s len :%s
" % ( byte.encode ( " hex " ) , lon ) return packdef longerrand ( packet ) : pack = packet [ :] byte = str(chr ( choice ( range ( 256 ) ) ) ) lon = randrange ( 0,600 ) pack[ choice ( range( len ( packet ) ) ) ] = bytepack [ choice ( range( len( packet ) ) ) ] = byte * lonprint " fuzzing rand byte : %s len : %s
" % ( byte.encode ( " hex " ) , lon) return packdef longerrandnull ( packet ) : pack = packet [ :] byte = str(chr ( choice ( range ( 256 ) ) ) ) lon = randrange ( 0,600 ) pack[ choice ( range( len ( packet ) ) ) ] = bytepack [ choice ( range( len( packet ) ) ) ] = byte + " \x00 " * lonprint " fuzzing rand byte : %s len : %s
" % ( byte.encode ( " hex " ) , lon ) return packdef opnum ( packet ) : pack = packet [ :] byte = str(chr ( choice ( range ( 0,2 ) ) ) ) pack[ choice ( range( len ( packet ) ) ) ] = byteprint " fuzzing opnum : %s
" % ( byte.encode ( " hex " ) ) return packdef doubleopnum ( packet ) : pack = packet [ :] byte = str(chr ( choice ( range ( 0,2 ) ) ) ) byte2 = str(chr ( choice ( range ( 0,2 ) ) ) ) pack[ choice ( range( len( packet ) ) ) ] = bytepack [ choice ( range( len( packet ) ) ) ] = byte2 print " fuzzing opnum : %s et opnum no -2:%s
" % ( byte.encode ( " hex " ) , byte2.encode ( " hex " ) ) return packdef remove1 ( packet ) : pack = packet [ : ] i = randrange ( 0 , len ( pack ) - 1 ) b = pack [ : i ] + pack [ i+1 :] print " remove one char fuzz , removed : %s " %( pack [ i ] .encode ( " hex " ) ) return bdef changenull ( packet ) : pack = packet [ :] null = [ i for i in range ( len ( pack ) ) if pack [ i ] == ' \x00 ' ] byte = str(chr ( choice ( range ( 256 ) ) ) ) pack[ choice ( null ) ] = byteprint " replaced one null by a %s " %( byte.encode ( " hex " ) ) return packdef removenull ( packet ) : pack = packet [ :] null = [ i for i in range ( len ( pack ) ) if pack [ i ] == ' \x00 ' ] num = choice ( null ) del pack [ choice ( null ) ] print " deleted null no -: %s " %( num ) return packdef randfunc ( packet ) : func = choice ( [ onerand , doublerand, longrand,longerrand,longerrandnull,removenull , changenull,remove1 , doubleopnum , opnum ] ) print " using %s fuzzing type ( HARD ) " %( func.__name__ ) return func( packet ) def zenfunc ( packet ) : func = choice ( [ onerand , removenull , changenull , remove1 , doubleopnum , opnum ] ) print " using %s fuzzing type ( ZEN ) " %( func.__name__) return func( packet ) #
#End fuzzer core # #ip = [ chr ( int ( a , 16 ) ) for a in " " " 4e fe 01 08 00 00 40 00 fa 01 00 00 c0 a8 02 64c0 a8 02 65 44 24 0d 01 c0 a8 02 64 04 80 30 7700 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 0000 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 " " " .split ( ) ] icmp = [ chr ( int ( a , 16 ) ) for a in " " " 08 00 00 00 00 00 00 04 75 54 08 4b 00 00 00 0004 6 b 0d 00 00 00 00 00 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 2020 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 2020 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 2020 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 2020 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 2020 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 2020 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 2020 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 2020 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 2020 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 2020 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 2020 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 " " " .split ( ) ] def longueur ( payload ) : length = struct .
pack ( " >i " , len ( ''.join ( payload ) ) ) a= length [ 2:4 ] pack = payload [ :] pack [ 2:4 ] =
areturn packdef OpIP ( packet ) : pack = packet [ :] num = str(chr ( choice ( range ( 1,9 ) ) ) ) num1 = str(chr ( choice ( range ( 0,150 ) ) ) ) # pack [ 0 ] = num#pack [ 9 ] = num1 print " fuzzing version OPNUM no-: %s and nh OPNUM no -: %s " %( num.encode ( " hex " ) , num1.encode ( " hex " ) ) return packdef OpIcmp ( packet ) : pack = packet [ :] num = str(chr ( choice ( range ( 0,42 ) ) ) ) pack [ 0 ] = numprint " fuzzing ICMP OPNUM no-:%s " %( num.encode ( " hex " ) ) return pack # #checksum calculation and replacement # ###checksum ( ) ripped from scapy , hard to do better ... def checksum ( pkt ) : pkt=str ( pkt ) s=0 if len( pkt ) % 2 == 1 : pkt += " \0 " for i in rang e ( le n ( pkt ) / 2 ) : s = s + ( struct.unpack ( " ! H " , pkt [2*i:2*i+2 ] ) [ 0 ] ) s = ( s >> 16 ) + ( s & 0xffff ) s += s >> 16return ~s & 0xffff##/checksum ( ) ripped from scapy , hard to do better ... def add_checksum ( packet ) : a = struct .
pack ( " >i " , checksum ( ''.join ( packet ) ) ) b = a [ 2:4 ] pack = packet [ :] pack [ 2:4 ] =breturn packdef add_ip_checksum( packet ) :a = struct . pack ( " >i " , checksum ( ''.join ( packet ) ) ) b = a [ 2:4 ] pack = packet [ :] pack [ 10:12 ] =breturn pack # #checksum calculation and replacement ##### snort is an example of hookin ' a prog in your fuzzin ' pid = os.system ( " pidof snort " ) while os.system ( " pidof snort " ) == pid:a = longueur ( zenfunc( ip ) +add_checksum(randfunc(icmp ) ) ) b = ''.join(add_ip_checksum(a ) ) packet = ( Ether(dst= " ff : ff : ff : ff : ff : ff " , type=0x0800 ) / b) print " packet IP:%s
" %( b.encode ( " hex " ) ) sendp ( packet ) # #enjoy !
Jacked Up. ( Now with 38 % more broken necks ! )
Well .
“ 24 Week ” concludes a day late as we examine the Five Craziest Things Jack Bauer Has Ever Done .
This subject matter could have been an entire week in itself – but I ’m going to attempt to condense it down to five glorious moments .
Enjoy , and as always , beware of spoilers .
Five : Jack goes all “ Lost Boys ” on some dude ’s neck .
( Season Six . )
As much as I hate to repeat myself , I must reiterate – Season Six sucked .
It was just flat - out not very good , save for a few key moments .
This , was one of them .
Jack Bauer had gotten himself into another hairy situation , as only Jack Bauer can seem to do .
Tied to a chair , with no weapons or even the use of his hands , Jack found himself at the mercy of some terrorist scum with no chance of getting the upper hand , leaving us all waiting breathlessly to see how he was going to weasel himself out of –
HE JUST BIT THE DUDE’S NECK .
There is nothing more satisfying than seeing Jack Bauer take a literal “ bite out of crime ” and then angrily spit out a bloody chunk of neck .
Jack Bauer is awesome .
Four : Jack goes all “ Matrix ” on some other dude ’s neck .
( Season Two . )
For those of you who are unfamiliar with “ 24 ” and the character of Jack Bauer , allow me to let you in on a little secret : Jack Bauer hates necks .
Passionately .
And , more often than not , violently .
His weapon of choice seems to be his deadly thighs , which he uses to gleefully snap terrorist vertebrae on a daily basis .
This time , though , he took it up a notch , allowing his destructive upper legs a bit of a breather , and opted for a more straight - forwardly awesome neck - crunching super move .
By the end of Day Two , Jack had had enough .
He was a tired , broken man , who ’s sanity was being slowly depleted , which was of course pushing his violent streak to the max – because that ’s how this shit works .
It ’s science .
Faced with another in a long line of terrorist douchebags , Jack executed a stunning moment of “ wtf just happened , ” by launching himself at the dude ’s neck , running “ Matrix - style ” up a wall , and breaking said neck in one fluid move of beauty , grace and bloodlust .
It . Was ….. killer ?
* snicker .*
Three : “ Get me a hacksaw . ” ( Season Two . )
Jack was a broken man at the beginning of Season Two as well .
After the events of Season
One – the murder of his wife , and all – he had kind of given up on , well , everything .
The only thing that seemed to matter to him anymore was his job – which on paper was “ to protect the country from international terrorists , ” but in Jack ’s head was something more along the lines of “ let ’s mess these dicks up hardcore . ”
And with that thought in mind , the only realistic evolution from killing an unarmed drug dealer , was to than proceed to cut off that drug dealers head with a hacksaw , to use it as a message or a warning or something towards other drug dealers .
It was n’t the last time we ’d all start to worry about Jack , but it may have been the first .
Two : Jack Bauer almost crashes a plane with his bare hands .
( Season Five . )
Not content with the usual collateral damage he ’s capable of , Jack Bauer decided to step it up a bit by endangering the lives of an entire plane full of innocent people .
Never mind what he was doing on the plane ( I ca n’t remember ) or why he decided it was imperative to take matters into his own ands and crash a damn plane ( I do n’t care ) the fact remains – Jack Bauer almost crashed a plane .
With his bare hands .
Had he been on the upper deck when the urge to terrify the shit out of 200 + strangers hit him , I ’m sure he would have blasted his way into the cockpit and tortured orderd the pilots to bring that bitch down .
But he was n’t ; instead , he was locked in the cargo area , and had to get creative with his destructive tendancies .
So he opened up some panels , grabbed a few handfuls of wires or something , and started crashing the plane from there – with his bare hands .
Whatever , though .
It worked , and they eventually let him out of there , to continue terrorizing terrorists and civilians alike , because he ’s Jack Bauer , and that ’s what he does , and besides it ’s a little late to get that Creative Writing degree now .
One : “ I ’m sorry we let you down , Ryan .
God forgive me . ” ( Season Three . )
In Jack ’s defense , the terrifying pain and death he doles out on a daily hourly basis , is usually reserved soley for terrorists , criminals and generally bad people .
Then came Ryan Chappelle , and we did n’t know what the hell to think about Jack anymore .
Chappelle was alwasy kind of a douche , but he was s douche who meant well , so I guess that ’s okay .
He certainly did n’t deserve to be shot in the back of the head executioner style by some dude who worked for him on the side of good , is all I ’m saying .
But that ’s exactly what happened , at the behest of some terrorist mastermind who wanted Ryan dead for some reason .
The president assigned Jack to the task , because Jack gets shit done , and off they went to the trainyards to engage in some light bonding and murder .
In all seriousness , it really is one of the show ’s best scenes .
We realize that Chappelle , despite being a tight - ass and constantly at odds with the other agents , is a good man who was just trying to do his job correctly .
He had no friends ; just a brother he barely spoke to .
He had no one to talk to before the bullet entered his brain , and that somehow made it more difficult to watch .
He did n’t deserve this ignoble death , and Jack did n’t deserve to be the one to administer it .
But that ’s how it went down anyway .
Well .
That ’s it for “ 24 Week . ”
Join us this week as we …I dunno .
Do something different .
BEEP-BOOP -BEEP-BOOP .
Oh , and as an added bonus … here ’s a sweet montage of Bauer related carnage for you .
A while back , Andrew of the foodie blog Very Good Taste , posted an article called the Omnivore ’s Hundred .
The “ Omnivore ’s 100 ” is a list of Andrew ’s interpretation of the 100 foods every omnivore needs to try .
The list gathered a loyal following as bloggers and foodies everywhere began following Andrew ’s instructions to re-post the list and join in the challenge .
He instructs everyone to cross out things they ’d never eat and bold the foods they have already conquered .
Fun right ?
Well as much as I loved the idea , as I began to read the food list I knew I could n’t participate .
Venison , snake , goat ’s milk and haggis .
Definitely NOT vegan - friendly .
Vegan Hundred .
I love the idea of challenging foodies to try as many new , classicly delicious and unusual foods as they can .
So I give to you : the vegan ’s 100 .
One - hundred foods that every vegan ( or any curious foodie ) must try at least once .
Check out the list and details on how you can participate in this foodie adventure …
The Challenge : Just as the omnivore list does , I challenge you to re-post this list and participate in the challenge !
Cross out or italicize all the foods you would never eat , bold foods you have tried and update your list as you participate in trying all the foods on my Vegan ’s 100 list .
Then if you ’d like , post a link to your list in my comments section so others can see how you are doing .
I tried to stay true to the original omnivore 100 by leaving on a few of the vegan food items on Andrew ’s list .
However , since most of the foods were not vegan , there was a lot of space to fill !
My criteria for food items were that they had to be either a unique whole food ( like a lychee ) or a notably stand - out - delicious way to prepare a common food ( like scrambled tofu ) .
The Vegan ’s Hundred
Here ’s what I want you to do :
1 ) Copy this list into your blog or social networking site profile , including these instructions .
2 ) Bold all the items you ’ve eaten .
3 ) Cross out or italicize any items that you would never consider eating .
4 ) Optional extra :
Post a comment on this post linking to your results .
I hope you will join this vegan foodie tasting adventure .
Post the link to your list in the comments - if you have any questions , leave them in the comments as well !
… lets show the omnivores that the question “ what do vegans eat ? ” definitely has over 100 amazing answers …!
The HHL Vegan Hundred :
1. Molasses
2. Cactus / Nopales
3. Scrambled Tofu
4. Grilled Portobella Caps
5. Fresh Ground Horseradish
6. Sweet Potato Biscuits
7. Arepa
8. Vegan Cole Slaw
9. Ginger Carrot Soup
10 . Fiddlehead Ferns
11 . Roasted Elephant Garlic
12 . Umeboshi
13 . Almond Butter Toast
14 . Aloe Vera
15 . H and H Bagel NYC
16 . Slow Roasted Butternut Squash
17 .
White truffle
18 . Fruit wine made from something other than grapes
19 .
Freshly ground wasabi
20 . Coconut Milk Ice Cream ( not store bought )
21 . Heirloom tomatoes
22 . Orchard - fresh pressed apple cider
23 . Organic California Mango ( in season Sept - Oct only )
24 . Quinoa
25 . Papaya Smoothie
26 . Raw Scotch Bonnet ( habanero ) pepper ( just a bite ! … hot !
27 . Goji Berry Tea
28 . Fennel
29 . Vegan Chocolate Chip Cookie
30 . Radishes and Vegan Buttery Spread
31 . Starfruit
32 . Oven fresh Sourdough bread
33 . Sangria made with premium fruit and juices
34 . Sauerkraut
35 . Acai Smoothie
36 . Blue Foot Mushrooms
37 . Vegan Cupcake from Babycakes nyc
38 . Sweet Potatoes and Tempeh combo
39 . Falafel
40 . Spelt Crust Pizza
41 . Salt and Pepper Oyster Mushrooms
42 . Jicama Slaw
43 . Pumpkin Edamame Ginger Dumplings
44 . Hemp Milk
45 . Rose Champagne
46 . Fuyu
47 . Raw Avocado - Coconut Soup
48 . Tofu Pesto Sandwich
49 . Apple - Lemon - Ginger - Cayenne fresh - pressed juice …with Extra Ginger
50 . Grilled Seitan
51 . Prickly pear
52 . Fresh Pressed Almond Milk
53 . Concord Grapes off the vine
54 . Ramps
55 . Coconut Water fresh from a young coconut
56 . Organic Arugula
57 . Vidalia Onion
58 . Sampler of organic produce from Diamond Organics
59 . Honeycrisp Apple
60 . Poi
61 . Vegan Campfire - toasted Smores
62 . Grape seed Oil
63 . Farm fresh - picked Peach
64 . Freshly - made pita bread with freshly - made hummus
65 . Chestnut Snack Packs
66 . Fresh Guava
67 . Mint Chocolate Chip Oatmeal Cookies
68 . Raw Mallomar from One Lucky Duck , NYC
69 .
Fried plantains
70 .
Mache
71 . Golden Beets
72 . Barrel - Fresh Pickles
73 . Liquid Smoke
74 . Meyer Lemon
75 . Veggie Paella
76 . Vegan Lasagna ( raw optional )
77 . Kombucha
78 . Homemade Soy Milk
79 .
Lapsang souchong
80 . Lychee Bellini
81 . Tempeh Bacon
82 . Sprouted Grain Bread
83 . Lemon Pepper Tempeh
84 . Vanilla Bean
85 . Watercress
86 . Carrot you pulled out of the ground yourself
87 . Vegan In - Season Fruit Pie
88 . Flowers
89 . Corn Chowder
90 . High Quality Vegan Raw Chocolate
91 . Yellow fuzz - free Kiwi
92 . White Flesh Grapefruit
93 . harissa
94 . Coconut Oil
95 . Jackfruit
96 . Homemade Risotto
97 . Spirulina
98 . Seedless ‘ Pixie ’ Tangerine
99 . Gourmet Sorbet , not store bought
100 . Fresh Plucked English Peas
* Want more info ?
Foodista links and HHL links are shown in a double list below *
The HHL Vegan Hundred :
1. Molasses
2. Cactus / Nopales
3. Scrambled Tofu
4. Grilled Portobella Caps
5. Fresh Ground Horseradish
6. Sweet Potato Biscuits
7. Arepa
8. Vegan Cole Slaw
9. Ginger Carrot Soup
10 . Fiddlehead Ferns
11 . Roasted Elephant Garlic
12 . Umeboshi
13 . Almond Butter Toast
14 . Aloe Vera
15 . H and H Bagel NYC
16 . Slow Roasted Butternut Squash
17 .
White truffle
18 . Fruit wine made from something other than grapes
19 .
Freshly ground wasabi
20 . Coconut Milk Ice Cream ( not store bought )
21 . Heirloom tomatoes
22 . Orchard - fresh pressed apple cider
23 . Organic California Mango ( in season Sept - Oct only )
24 . Quinoa
25 . Papaya Smoothie
26 . Raw Scotch Bonnet ( habanero ) pepper ( just a bite ! … hot !
27 . Goji Berry Tea
28 . Fennel
29 . Vegan Chocolate Chip Cookie
30 . Radishes and Vegan Buttery Spread
31 . Starfruit
32 . Oven fresh Sourdough bread
33 . Sangria made with premium fruit and juices
34 . Sauerkraut
35 . Acai Smoothie
36 . Blue Foot Mushrooms
37 . Vegan Cupcake from Babycakes nyc
38 . Sweet Potatoes and Tempeh combo
39 . Falafel
40 . Spelt Crust Pizza
41 . Salt and Pepper Oyster Mushrooms
42 . Jicama Slaw
43 . Pumpkin Edamame Ginger Dumplings ( Kitchen Club NYC )
44 . Hemp Milk
45 . Rose Champagne
46 . Fuyu
47 . Raw Avocado - Coconut Soup
48 . Tofu or Chik’n Pesto Sandwich
49 . Apple - Lemon - Ginger - Cayenne fresh - pressed juice …with Extra Ginger
50 . Grilled Seitan
51 . Prickly pear
52 . Fresh Pressed Almond Milk
53 . Concord Grapes off the vine
54 . Ramps
55 . Coconut Water fresh from a young coconut
56 . Organic Arugula
57 . Vidalia Onion
58 . Sampler of organic produce from Diamond Organics
59 . Honeycrisp Apple
60 . Poi
61 . Vegan Campfire - toasted Smores
62 . Grapeseed Oil
63 . Farm fresh - picked Peach
64 . Freshly - made pita bread with freshly - made hummus
65 . Chestnut Snack Packs
66 . Fresh Guava
67 . Mint Chocolate Chip Oatmeal Cookies
68 . Mallomar from One Lucky Duck , nyc
69 .
Fried plantains
70 .
Mache
71 . Golden Beets
72 . Barrel - Fresh Pickles
73 . Liquid Smoke
74 . Meyer Lemon
75 . Veggie Paella
76 . Vegan Lasagna ( raw optional )
77 . Kombucha
78 . Homemade Soy Milk
79 .
Lapsang souchong
80 . Lychee Bellini
81 . Tempeh Bacon
82 . Sprouted Grain Bread
83 . Lemon Pepper Tempeh
84 . Vanilla Bean
85 . Watercress
86 . Carrot you pulled out of the ground yourself
87 . Vegan In - Season Fruit Pie
88 . Flowers
89 . Corn Chowder
90 . High Quality Vegan Raw Chocolate
91 . Yellow fuzz - free Kiwi
92 . White Flesh Grapefruit
93 . harissa
94 . Coconut Oil
95 . Jackfruit
96 . Homemade Risotto
97 . Spirulina
98 . Seedless ‘ Pixie ’ Tangerine
99 . Gourmet Sorbet , not store bought
100 . Fresh Plucked English Peas
As the cost of the clean - up in Cumbria rises to over £ 100 m ( $ 165 m ) , after this month 's record rainfall , the world 's biggest insurer has told me that his industry should be spending 10 times more than that each year to help avert the worst effects of climate change .
The cost of insuring against the effects of climate change - and of not insuring - is preying on the minds of the big insurance companies .
Scientists are always reluctant to attribute single catastrophic weather events , like a storm or heavy rain or drought , to global warming .
Most climate scientists , though , do expect climate change to increase the frequency of costly , extreme weather .
And for insurers , making sense of the pattern of events like this is their business .
For Newsnight , I went to Munich to ask the head of the largest insurance group in the world , Munich Re , how he sees that pattern changing .
Nikolaus von Bomhard , chief executive officer , agreed that Hurricane Katrina , and the tens of billions of dollars paid out by his industry , was a wake - up call for everyone , not just for politicians .
In order to see this content you need to have both Javascript enabled and Flash installed .
Visit BBC
Webwise for full instructions .
If you 're reading via RSS , you 'll need to visit the blog to access this content .
Just a few per cent of the insurance industry 's financial resources could set the world on a low - carbon path , he said .
I asked him how much of Munich Re 's money under management he's now investing in green technology projects that could help avert the worst effects of climate change , and lower insurance costs .
" I would dare to say that something from the 1 - to - 2 % point range is possible , and that in our case is already something like $ 2 billion . "
Does n't sound very much , considering the work that needs to be done ?
Well that 's what I thought - and here 's how von Bomhard answered that .
" It is not a free philanthropic exercise that we do here .
So it must make sense also for our policy and shareholders .
But do n't forget that if the entire insurance industry did that , they have investments under management of several trillions ... then a lot of money is coming into that pool - a lot of money ... "
One or two percent of several trillion dollars ?
That 's tens of billions ... every year .
Matt Huddleston , Principal Climate Change Consultant at the Met Office , is working with insurers , bringing together weather and climate research to help equip the industry as it faces an exponential rise in the cost of payouts .
" They 're terrified that they might have a year where they have a lot of damage from winter windstorms in Europe , a lot of land - falling hurricanes in America and hail damage in the Midwest - all in the same year , " he told me .
" And the question is , can we understand those risks that can be predicted in the future , and what does that mean for the industry if those things are connected and not independent ? "
Von Bomhard put it another way : " If we do not do something now to contain the development of these risks they will - we will - end up with an uninsurable event because the capacity will not suffice to insure any more .
So it 's not about protecting our business rather to develop jointly with all those constituencies and make sure it stays within let 's say quantities that can be insured . "
At the company headquarters , we caught a glimpse of Munich Re 's determination to understand the changes the world , and it , might face .
On one floor , the company employs a mini academic department of weather and climate experts , who first spotted an increase in frequency of catastrophic weather events in the 1970s , long before climate change became a household phrase .
And there 's another surprise beneath the HQ itself - built just before the First World War , and with the feel of an imposing stately home .
It 's linked to buildings around it by a network of tunnels , brightly - lit in psychedelic colours .
The men and women in formal dark business suits strike a contrast as they nip through the strange , mind - bending corridors .
And the sums of money it and the rest of the insurance and re-insurance industry commands are mind - bending too , according to Nick Mabey , of environmental think tank E3G .
" They have huge amounts of money under management .
We need huge investment into the low carbon sector , over a trillion a year to 2030 in low carbon . "
He told Newsnight that the time for these companies to act is now .
" If we started to see the insurance companies coming forward and saying to governments , ' We want to buy your green bonds , we want to invest in your green funds overseas ' , that would be very powerful and that would help government convince other parts of the private sector that their was money available in liquid in this area ... "
This weekend Gordon Brown called for a start - up fund of $ 10 bn ( £ 6 bn ) a year to help the developing world to adapt to climate change and move to low - carbon economic growth .
Compare that with the clout of the insurance and pensions world .
At last look , even after the financial crisis , together they command some $ 60 - odd trillions ...
You can watch my report on Newsnight , at 10.30 pm on BBC2 .
Deepak Chopra has made a career out of misunderstanding quantum mechanics ( QM ) – and through his popularity , confusing the public .
Like many others , he has found a superficial way in which to interpret quantum mechanics to make is seem as if it is congruent with Eastern metaphysics .
And now he has done it again , in that anti-science rag the Huffington Post .
Chopra goes beyond the typical New Age distortion of QM , which is basically the claim that QM is really weird , therefore magic is real .
Chopra assumes some very specific , and common , misinterpretations of QM .
He writes :
Quantum physics tells us that objects exist in a suspended physical state until observed , when they collapse to just one outcome — we do n’t know what happens until we investigate , and our investigation influences that reality .
Whether or not certain events may have happened some time ago , may not actually be determined until some time in your future — it may actually be contingent upon actions that have not yet taken place .
Chopra is referring to the wave - particle duality of matter , quantum entanglement , and the uncertainty principle – but he gets them profoundly wrong .
First he makes the common mistake of interpreting the collapse of the wave function as being dependent on an observer , which is false .
QM states that light , electrons , and all fundamental particles exist not as discrete point particles , but spread out as a wave .
We can only describe the probability that they will be in a specific place at any moment , and that probability is the wave function .
Particles , when free from interactions with other matter , actually behave like waves ( see the double slit experiments ) .
But when a particle ( whether of photon of light or an electron ) interacts with other stuff they are no longer spread out but collapse down to a point particle .
This is the wave - particle duality of matter .
The collapse to a particle , however , is not dependent on any observer – just interaction with other stuff .
No observer is necessary .
When a photon from the sun strikes the earth and its energy is absorbed by a leaf on a tree in the middle of the jungle , it collapses to a particle .
The same is true when it strikes a dead rocky asteroid out in space .
Consciousness , and even life , is not necessary .
Next Chopra mangles quantum entanglement :
Scientists in France shot particles of light “ photons ” into a measuring apparatus , and showed that what they did — now , in the present — could retroactively change something that had already happened in the past .
As the photons passed a fork in the apparatus , they had to decide whether to behave like particles or waves when they hit a beam splitter .
Later on — well after the photons passed the fork — the experimenter could randomly switch a second beam splitter on and off electronically .
It turns out that what the observer decided at that point , determined what the particle actually did at the fork in the past .
Yes , these experiments are fascinating .
But they do not describe the future affecting the past , as Chopra misinterprets .
They describe what is known as quantum entanglement .
When particles are paired or linked in some way – for example when they are created by the same process – some of their properties are linked , even while still being in a wave of probability .
For example , if one particle is spin up , the other will be spin down , even though their spin is not determined until much later , and even if the particles are separated by millions of light years at the time of the collapse of the wave function .
Physicists do not pretend to understand the fundamental nature of quantum entanglement – that is a Nobel prize waiting to be won .
But it does not represent the future affecting the past .
Nor does it represent faster than light , or instantaneous communication .
Experiments have been done showing that it is impossible to transmit information faster than light using quantum entanglement .
Information is not going faster than light , or into the past .
Chopra is using a common trick of the pseudoscientist – exploiting cutting edge science , which the public is not likely to understand , and pretend as if there is proof where there is uncertainty .
Take some interesting experiments , then leap way ahead to conclusions that serve their metaphysical purposes , but which are not settled science .
In short – beware of anyone pretending to understand the ultimate implications of QM and that it supports their far out philosophy .
And here is Chopra ’s woo philosophy :
It was only with the advent of quantum physics that scientists began to consider again the old question of the possibility of comprehending the world as a form of mind .
Indeed , the quantum theory implies that consciousness must exist , and that the content of the mind is the ultimate reality
The universe is a mind , and consciousness is the ultimate reality .
Not surprisingly , a very Eastern philosophy , packaged nicely for a Western audience .
Another false underlying assumption of Chopra , which he does not state expressly , is that all of this quantum weirdness ( whatever its implications ) applies to the macroscopic world .
This is true , in a way ( depending on how you look at it ) , but highly misleading .
All objects , no matter how large , also are waves and particles .
However , the wavelength of matter ( the degree to which it is spread out , rather than having a definite position ) decreases with mass and velocity .
This is defined by the de Broglie equation :
λ = h/mv
Where λ is the wavelength , h is Planck ’s constant , m is mass , and v is velocity .
What this means is that when you start to get larger than a large molecule , the quantum wavelength shrinks to insignificance .
When you get to macroscopic objects , the wavelength is orders of magnitude less than the size of elementary particles .
So you have a wavelength , but it is so close to zero it can be treated as zero – which is another way of saying you do not behave like a quantum object , but like an object in classical physics .
Chopra , however , thinks that QM applies to everything equally .
He writes :
If we do not look at it , the moon is gone .
In this world , only an act of observation can confer shape and form to reality — to a dandelion in a meadow , or a seed pod , or the sun or wind or rain .
Anyway , it ’s amazing , and even your dog can do it too .
He is doubly wrong – not only is consciousness ( an observer ) not the thing that collapses wave functions , but QM effects do not apply to dandelions or moons ( try shooting dandelions through a double slit experiment ) .
Another reason QM effects are not seen in the macroscopic world in which Chopra ’s brain exists is decoherence .
Remember that weird quantum entanglement I mentioned ?
Well , this can be observed only is carefully contrived experimental situations .
It exists in nature , of course , but tends to be fleeting , because of decoherence .
Whenever either paired particle interacts with other stuff in the universe , it becomes less entangled with its original partner , until they are decohered – their properties are no longer linked .
It is hard to keep particles from decohering – in fact this is a stumbling block to the development of quantum computers that exploit QM effects .
The particles keep decohering and losing their properties which can be used to store information .
For any macroscopic object , all the particles in that object are interacting with each other and decohering all the time .
Again – the weird quantum world collapses to a classical physical world when you scale up to dandelions and people .
Chopra really needs to have a conversation with a real quantum physicist .
You would think that before someone makes a career out of promoting a specific scientific interpretation to the public they would make sure they got the science right .
But I suspect Chopra does n’t care about getting the science right .
He seems to be working backwards from his metaphysics , and then happily misinterpreting QM to suit his needs .
Google in 1998 ( notice the exclamation mark )
Sure , everybody knows that Google was created by Stanford Ph.D. students Larry Page and Sergey Brin who became gazillionaires .
But did you know that Google 's first storage device was cobbled together with LEGO ?
Or that Google 's first investor wrote a $ 100,000 check even before the company officially existed ?
Or that it has its own " official " Google dog ?
Neatorama presents the Top 10 Neat Facts About Google :
1. Before Google , There Was BackRub
In 1996 , graduate students Larry Page and Sergey Brin worked on a research project to understand the link structure of the World Wide Web .
They 're particularly interested in determining the importance of a given web page based on its backlinks or how many other web pages link to it ( which later became the concept behind Google 's " PageRank " algorithm ) .
The project was named BackRub ( yes , a play on the word " backlink " ) .
You can see an archived page of BackRub in the Wayback Machine :
8 ) Your logo is upside down :
Why is the light source obviously below the image ?
It looks quite unnatural ...
The logo is simply a scan of my hand , from a flatbed scanner converted to black and white .
The " back " in the picture is the scanner cover , and the shadows are from the scanner light .
2. The Original Google Computer Storage
Photo : Stanford Infolab's Computer History Exhibits Photo
Larry and Sergey needed large amount of disk space to test their PageRank algo , but the largest hard disks available at the time were only 4 GB .
So they assembled 10 of these drives together .
While he was an undergrad at Michigan University , Larry had built a programmable plotter out of LEGO , so it 's only natural that he used the colorful bricks to create Google 's first computer storage !
3. Google 's First Investor
Sun Microsystem co-founder Andy Bechtolsheim knew a good thing when he saw it .
After talking to Larry and Sergey about Google for 30 minutes , he whipped out his checkbook and wrote a check for $ 100,000 , made out to " Google , Inc . " Problem was , Google , Inc. has n't existed yet !
Oh , by the way , the Sun in Sun Microsystem stands for " Stanford University Network . "
4. Google Garage
Talk about getting lucky tenants .
In 1998 , Susan Wojcicki rented her garage to two Stanford students - you know who they are - for $ 1,700 a month to help out with the mortgage .
That turned out to be a life - changing decision for Susan - it got her a key early job at Google which translated to a top executive position later on , introduced a future husband to her younger sister Anne , and created a mini cottage industry for the rest of her family .
( Photo : Jack Gruber / USA Today )
In 2006 , Google bought the house which had become a tourist attraction ( the busloads of people who show up to take pictures were so annoying that Google decided not to publish the address - though ironically , you can still Google Map it . )
5. Google 's First Dog
Despite the Internet 's obsession with cats , dogs rule Google .
In 1999 , a Leonberger breed named Yoshka came to work with Google 's first VP of Engineering Urs Hölzle and became the company 's " first " dog .
( Photo : Google Timeline )
If you must know , Leonbergers are big dogs with lionesque mane that look really majestic .
They are , however , useless as guard dogs because they 're much too kind and gentle .
6. Just How Many Servers Does Google Have ?
A sign near the Googleville data center .
Photo : ahockley [ Flickr ]
The real Googleville .
Photo : Melanie Conner /NY
Times
Good question .
Nobody outside the company knows , and Google ain't talkin' .
The company 's famously secretive when it comes to its data centers ( Heck , no one even knows for sure how many data centers the company has ! )
For example , The Dalles or " Googleville " data center in a small Washington Oregon town , was cloaked in secrecy :
" No one says the ' G ' word , " said Diane Sherwood , executive director of the Port of Klickitat , Wash . , directly across the river from The Dalles , who is not bound by such agreements .
" It 's a little bit like He - Who - Must - Not - Be - Named in Harry Potter . "
Recently , Google Fellow Jeff Dean gave a revealing talk on large - scale computing systems in which he discussed technical details of a new storage and computation system called Spanner , which is designed for up to 10 million servers .
Skynet , anyone ?
7. " Green " Search
All those hardware must use a lot of electricity ( indeed , Googleville data center is calculated to require about 103 megawatts of electricity - enough to power 82,000 homes or a city the size of Tacoma , Washington ) , but just how much energy do you use when you perform a Google search ?
Google calculated that it uses about 1 kJ ( 0.0003 kWh ) of energy to answer the average search query .
It 's so efficient that your PC will likely use more energy in the time it takes to do a Google search .
Photo : Google Solar Panel Project
To offset its electricity consumption , Google even installed 1.6MW solar panels on the rooftops of the Googleplex .
A total of 9,212 solar panels generate 4,475 kWh daily , the equivalent of about the amount of electricity used by 1,000 California homes .
8. Google Trike
[ YouTube Clip ]
I 'm sure you 're all familiar with Google Street View and the camera - topped Google Car , but what about all of the interesting places inaccessible to cars ?
Enter the Google Trike , which started as a project by Daniel Ratner , a Senior Mechanical Engineer on the Street View team :
" I began thinking about building a bicycle - based Street View system after realizing how many interesting places around the world - ranging from historic landmarks to beautiful trails to shopping districts - are n't accessible by car , " says Dan .
" When I 'm riding the trike , so many people come up to me and ask where it's off to next or how they can get imagery of their favorite spot , so I can't wait to see what our users come up with . "
Previously on Neatorama : Google Car Pulled Over by the Cops - Now in Google Street View !
9. I 'm Feeling Lucky Costs Google $ 110 Million a Year
The " I'm Feeling Lucky " button on Google 's homepage takes you straight to the first web page result .
Because it bypasses Google 's own search result page , where users are shown ads , the button actually costs Google around $ 110 million a year .
Why keep it ?
Google Vice President of Search Product and User Experience Marisa Mayer said :
You know Larry and Sergey had the view , and I certainly share it , that it 's possible just to become too dry , too corporate , too much about making money .
And you know what I think is really delightful about Google and about the " I'm Feeling Lucky , " is that they remind you that the people here have personality and that they have interests and that there is real people .
10 . Googlebot , Revealed At Last !
Image : Ben Rathbone
In 2005 , Ben Rathbone ( then at Google 's Hardware Operations ) gave us a glimpse of humanity 's future .
I , for one , welcome our new Googlebot overlord :
" I tell my son to wash his hands and use the hand sanitizer , " she said .
" I put one in his book bag .
And I tell him to stay away from people who are sniffling , anybody with symptoms of a cold .
Do n't hang around them . "
A malfunction in the protein causes leukaemia Scientists have found a way to disarm a protein thought to play a key role in leukaemia and other cancers .
The breakthrough raises hopes of a new type of therapy that could treat cancer and other diseases .
Previous attempts to neutralise the protein had failed , leading experts to conclude it was effectively " undruggable " .
The study , carried out by the US Dana - Farber Cancer Institute , features in the journal Nature .
The protein is one of the body 's transcription factors , which turn genes on or off and set in motion genetic cascades that control how cells grow and develop .
They also help fuel the growth of tumours .
The transcription factor targeted in the latest study is a protein called Notch .
The gene responsible for manufacturing the protein is often damaged or mutated in patients with a form of blood cancer known as T - cell acute lymphoblastic leukaemia ( ALL ) .
Stapled peptides promise to significantly expand the range of what 's considered ' druggable '
Professor Greg Verdine
Dana - Farber Cancer Institute
As a result the gene is switched on all the time , driving the uncontrolled cell growth characteristic of cancer .
Similar abnormalities in Notch also underlie other cancers , including lung , ovarian , pancreatic and gastrointestinal tumours .
Examining the structure of Notch closely , the researchers isolated a potential weak spot in its structure .
They employed a state - of - the - art technique using chemical braces to mould protein snippets called peptides into specific three dimensional shapes .
These " stapled " peptides are readily absorbed by cells , and are so tiny they can be deployed to alter gene regulation at specific sites .
After designing and testing several synthetic stapled peptides , the researchers identified one that was able to disrupt Notch 's function .
When tested in mice it was found to limit the growth of cancer cells .
It may lead to alternative drugs and better treatments for this kind of leukaemia and maybe other cancers
Dr David Ish - Horowicz
Cancer Research UK Analysis showed that activity was depressed in genes both directly and indirectly controlled by Notch .
The researchers hope the technique could also be used to target other transcription factors with a similar structure .
Researcher Professor Greg Verdine said : " Stapled peptides promise to significantly expand the range of what 's considered ' druggable ' .
" With our discovery , we 've declared open season on transcription factors and other intractable drug targets . "
Dr David Ish - Horowicz , head of developmental genetics at Cancer Research UK's London Research Institute , described the research as " very interesting " .
He said : " There is already considerable work by scientists into ways to block Notch to try and reverse the effects of ALL , but the current drugs have some serious side - effects .
" This study describes the design of a new chemical that blocks the mechanism in a different way .
" The new chemical has only been tested in mice so far , and so we do n't know how it will behave in humans .
" But , long term , it may lead to alternative drugs and better treatments for this kind of leukaemia and maybe other cancers . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A recent report suggests that cyber criminals are now setting their sights on small - and medium - sized businesses and institutions .
According to an alert posted on the U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigation ( FBI ) website , there has been a " significant increase " in automated clearing house ( ACH ) fraud over the past few months , targeting small businesses , municipal governments and schools .
The FBI believes that about $ 100 million dollars has moved bank accounts because of this practice .
( Source : yahoo.com )
The " weapon of choice " for these fraudsters is online banking and the plan is rather devious , to say the least .
Email ' Plants the Seeds ' for Hack
It starts with a seemingly harmless email to the bookkeeper of a small - time business .
The email carries a corrupt attachment designed to appear as a Microsoft software patch , or a direct route to an infected site .
This is essentially " planting the seeds " for future maliciousness to ensue , in the hopes that the bookkeeper will soon enter vital login credentials .
When the fraudster has access to the bank account , the ACH transfers are then set up and given to " money mules " -- innocent victims who believe they are performing payroll processing for international companies .
( Source : idg.no )
Once the money is sent overseas , it never returns .
DOS Attack Buys " Mules " More Time
Hackers are already beginning to improve upon this theft method .
In one case , cyber criminals launched a denial - of - service attack against an automated clearing house processor to prevent the bank from identifying transfers before the " mules " could move the funds overseas .
The reason for the small - scale attacks is simple : these organizations tend to work with smaller regional banks which may not have fraud detection tools in place to catch automated clearing house transfers .
As the fraudsters are quickly learning , however , those regional banks which do have sound detections tools are making it very difficult for this continued " undetected " form of deviance .
How 's this for a sweet surprise ?
A team of researchers in Washington State has found traces of cooking spices and flavorings in the waters of Puget Sound .
University of Washington associate professor Richard Keil heads the Sound Citizen program , which investigates how what we do on land affects our waters .
Keil and his team have tracked " pulses " of food ingredients that enter the sound during certain holidays .
For instance , thyme and sage spike during Thanksgiving , cinnamon surges all winter , chocolate and vanilla show up during weekends ( presumably from party - related goodies ) , and waffle - cone and caramel - corn remnants skyrocket around the Fourth of July .
Why Care About Water ?
There is the same amount of water on Earth today as there was when the dinosaurs roamed .
And just less than one percent of the planet 's water is available to meet the daily drinking water , sanitation and food needs of nearly 7 billion people and millions of other species .
Learn more about water in all its forms and how you can make a difference .
The Puget Sound study is one of several ongoing efforts to investigate the unexpected ingredients that find their way into the global water supply .
Around the world , scientists are finding trace amounts of substances — from sugar and spice to heroin , rocket fuel , and birth control — that might be having unintended consequences for humans and wildlife alike .
Vanilla Seas ?
When spices and flavorings are flushed out of a U.S. home , they travel to a sewage - treatment facility , where most of them are removed .
In the area around Puget Sound , the University of Washington team found , the spicy residues that remain in wastewater end up flowing into the sound 's inland waterways .
Of all the flavors trickling downstream , artificial vanilla dominates the sound , Keil said .
For instance , the team found an average of about six milligrams of artificial vanilla per liter of water sampled .
The region 's sewage runoff contains more than 14 milligrams of vanilla per liter .
This would be like spiking an Olympic - size swimming pool with approximately ten 4 - ounce ( 113.4 - gram ) bottles of artificial vanilla .
For now , there 's no evidence that a sweeter and spicier sound is a bad thing — salmon , which can smell such flavors , could be enjoying their vanilla - enhanced habitat , Keil said .
In an attempt to understand some of the consequences of spice in the water , Keil and colleagues plan to study whether cooking ingredients harm the reproduction of octopuses in Puget Sound .
Overall , he added , the spice project has become a successful recipe for educating people , especially schoolkids , " that everything you do is connected to the watershed . "
Illegal Drugs
The link from kitchen or bathroom to coast can also grease the path for some rather unsavory substances , such as illegal drugs , experts have discovered .
After a person has taken drugs such as cocaine , heroin , marijuana , and ecstasy , active byproducts of these substances are released into the sewage stream through that person 's urine and feces .
These byproducts , or metabolites , are often not completely removed during the sewage - treatment process , at least in Europe , said Sara Castiglioni of the Mario Negri Institute for Pharmacological Research in Milan , Italy .
That means the drug - tainted wastewater can enter groundwater and surface water , which are collectively the major sources of drinking water for most people .
In a new review study , Castiglioni and colleague Ettore Zuccato found that illegal drugs have become " widespread " in surface water in some of Europe 's populated areas .
For instance , in a 2008 study scientists discovered a byproduct of cocaine in 22 of 24 samples of drinking water at a Spanish water - treatment plant — despite a rigorous filtering and treatment process .
Likewise , in 2005 , Zuccato found that a daily influx of cocaine travels down the Po River , Italy 's longest river .
Though these drug traces are still tiny , it 's possible that the potent residues could be toxic to freshwater animals , according to the study , which will be published in an upcoming issue of the journal Philosophical Transactions of the Royal Society A .
For this reason , the " risks for human health and the environment cannot be excluded , " the study warns .
Pharmaceuticals
Scientists are also developing a clearer picture of how legal pharmaceuticals and personal - care products — from antibiotics and morphine to fragrances and sunscreen — are flooding our waterways .
For example , previous research had revealed that up to 44.1 pounds ( 20 kilograms ) of pharmaceuticals flow down Italy 's Po River each day .
Much like illegal drugs , traces of pharmaceuticals often filter through traditional sewage - treatment processes .
These products are also found in many U.S. waterways , and studies have shown that certain drugs may cause harm to the environment — though no evidence to date has shown effects in people , according to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency .
Some of the drugs that mimic hormones , such as birth control , may also throw off an animal 's endocrine , or hormone - regulating , system .
Some male fish in the U.S. , for example , have been growing female parts due to exposure to estrogen in the water .
Researching these substances is important , Castiglioni said , " because [ these ] are quite unknown contaminants , and they are present in the environment in huge amounts , especially for pharmaceuticals . "
To control the flow of these substances , some experts have suggested creating " green pharmacies , " which would allow a consumer to send back their drugs to a pharmacist or manufacturer instead of flushing them down the toilet and into the wild .
Contaminants
Current EPA regulations say that more than 90 contaminants must be filtered out of drinking - water systems , said Cynthia Dougherty , director of EPA 's Office of Groundwater and Drinking Water .
Viruses and other microorganisms are kept at bay , as are inorganic substances such as lead , cyanide , copper , and mercury .
Pollutants from fertilizer runoff , such as nitrate and nitrite , are also removed .
In addition , the agency regularly studies new chemicals that may need regulation .
Of particular interest right now is perchlorate , a natural and human - made chemical used in fireworks and rocket fuel , Dougherty said .
At sufficiently high doses , the chemical — found in at least 4 percent of U.S drinking water — can reduce iodine uptake into a person 's thyroid gland .
If continued long - term , reduced iodine can lead to hypothyroidism , according to the agency , which is now seeking input on whether to regulate perchlorate .
Ultimately , " what you really want is to not ever have things you 're concerned about in drinking water in the first place , " Dougherty said .
That 's why it 's crucial for local communities to keep a close eye on what runs into their waterways , she said .
By Tim Weber
Business editor , BBC News website
On Thursday , Microsoft launches Windows 7 , the latest version of its operating system .
Its success or failure will determine the future of the world 's biggest software company .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
When talking about Microsoft , it is useful to remind yourself of the sheer scale of its reach .
Windows powers about 90 % of the world 's computers ; by the company 's own reckoning more than one billion people use it .
Windows also powers Microsoft .
During its last financial year , a $ 58.4bn ( £ 35.7 bn ) turnover generated an operating profit of $ 20.3 bn ( net profit : $ 14.6 bn ) .
Windows accounted for well over half of that .
For years , critics have claimed that Microsoft 's virtual monopoly is about to end .
They say it will be brought down by a resurgent Apple , insurgent open - source rival Linux or a revolution in how we use computers , when the actual computing moves from desktop machines to the " cloud " where software runs on remote servers .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Windows without a Vista
In reality , Microsoft has been its own worst enemy .
Ruthless behaviour towards rivals earned it the attention of regulators such as the European Commission and the US Department of Justice .
More importantly , three years ago Microsoft botched the release of Vista , the operating system that preceded Windows 7 .
Vista - a bloated , difficult to install operating system - left many early users with suddenly unusable hardware and software .
The disaster badly undermined Microsoft 's credibility with consumers and software developers .
Today , Vista is still outshone by its eight - year - old predecessor Windows XP .
One ( particularly low ) estimate from web metrics firm Net Applications suggests Vista has a mere 18.6 % share of the market .
Others put it at just over 35 % , which is still a poor figure .
Will Windows 7 allow users to forget Vista ?
Among companies , " Vista is the worst - adopted operating system " , according to Annette Jump , research director at Gartner , a technology research firm .
The president of Microsoft International , Jean - Philippe Courtois , opts for understatement : " We do n't feel great about Vista adoption . "
Windows reloaded Windows 7 is Microsoft 's one and maybe only chance to redeem itself .
" We have learned a lot from what went wrong with Vista , " is a mantra repeated by every Microsoft executive .
For starters , Windows 7 is on time , arriving less than three years after the launch of Vista , which was two years overdue .
The preparations for Windows 7 have been a remarkable step up from the days of dealing with Vista
Alex Gruzen , Dell Early users report it to be fast , reliable , secure and easy to use on the move .
Most importantly , Microsoft went out of its way to avoid a repeat of its biggest Vista mistake , when it failed to prepare its partners for the new system .
Windows 7 loves Windows 95
" The Windows ecosystem is the broadest in the world , and we have to take care of that , " says Mr Courtois .
Microsoft 's partners have noticed the change in tack .
" The preparations for Windows 7 have been a remarkable step up from the days of dealing with Vista , " says Alex Gruzen , the man in charge of consumer products at the computer giant Dell .
" Peek " helps users find their way around a crowded taskbar " In the past , Microsoft looked at its operating system in isolation , and gave it to [ manufacturers ] to do whatever they wanted , " he says .
" Now they collaborate , help to figure out which third - party vendors are slowing down the system , help them improve their code . "
Microsoft , promises Mr Courtois , has " worked very hard with Windows 7 to achieve applications compatibility . "
When it rolled out the first service pack for Vista , there were a mere 2,700 applications certified to work with the system .
We expect a tangible Windows 7 bounce [ in PC sales ]
Richard Huddy , AMD
At launch , Windows 7 boasts 8,500 certified apps .
And if you want to use old software on your computer , Microsoft has built in a " compatibility tool " that allows you to run applications that were built for operating systems as old as Windows 95 .
Windows 7 also has a smaller " footprint " than Vista .
It needs less computing power so older PCs run it quite happily .
" Our PCs have gained another two years lifetime , " says Chris Page , who deployed Windows 7 on nearly 700 computers in schools run by Warwickshire County Council .
Just one five - year - old laptop refused to run the new operating system , he reports .
The best or worst of times ?
But is this the right time to launch an operating system ?
Parts of the world may be out of recession , but investment remains low and consumers are facing the prospect of rising unemployment .
The timing , however , might actually be Microsoft 's biggest asset .
The new Taskbar preview is popular with users
" Technology has always been leading economies out of recession , " says George Colony , boss of tech research firm Forrester .
Despite the downturn , IT investment is growing three times faster than most economies , reports tech industry analyst IDC .
Even among consumers there are still pockets of growth , especially small netbooks with their low - power processors , which cannot run Vista but deliver zippy performance under Windows 7 .
The launch of the new operating system will produce " a tangible Windows 7 bounce " , says Richard Huddy of chipmaker AMD .
" Along with that , we 're also seeing evidence on a global scale that the recession is starting to lessen . "
" The fact that Win 7 is more efficient than Windows Vista means that it 's viable for lower - cost PCs , so I think we can safely say we 're increasingly optimistic . "
The bottom line At Dell , Alex Gruzen sounds bullish too .
Many companies have kept old computers running for at least a year longer than they would normally do .
Now " there is some optimism that the refresh cycle will begin over the next year ; Windows 7 certainly helps , it provides a good catalyst for it . "
April 2014 : the deadline for Windows XP A changed digital world is also driving change .
Consumers and corporate computer users are becoming more mobile and Windows XP simply was not built for that .
Forcing the issue , Microsoft has said it will stop supporting Windows XP in April 2014 .
And even if there is an extension , by then most makers of third - party software for XP will have phased out their support , says Steve Kleynhans , vice - president of research at Gartner , " which will increase the pressure to upgrade " to Windows 7 .
Also , organisations testing Windows 7 , such as the UK accounting firm Baker Tilly and the City of Miami , report sharply lower support and energy costs , and higher productivity , according to Stella Chernyak , the product manager for Windows 7 Enterprise .
Gartner 's Steve Kleiynhans also counsels companies against the traditional wait for " Service Pack 1 " , because these days Microsoft rolls out upgrades and updates continuously .
The service pack will be a mere catch - up for those who have failed to install them .
The bottom line for Mr Courtois : " We expect business to adopt Windows 7 much faster " than previous operating systems .
Watching rivals Microsoft has tidied up Windows Explorer At Gartner , Annette Jump is more cautious : " We do n't expect that Windows 7 will drive PC shipments , " although companies " really will have to " upgrade to Windows 7 , because otherwise " the support costs for older PCs will be piling up " .
Microsoft 's timing has been helped by the fact that one of its arch rivals , Google , wo n't launch its lightweight operating system Chrome OS before the middle of next year , which will be plenty of time to establish Windows 7 firmly in the netbook market .
Also useful is the misstep of its other nemesis , Apple , which uncharacteristically botched its new operating system Snow Leopard , not anywhere near as badly as Vista , but enough to give Microsoft a clear run for its Windows 7 launch .
Windows ' last hurrah ?
" I really have to go back to Windows 95 to remember people being so excited about a new operating system , " says Mr Courtois , a 25 - year veteran of Microsoft .
" Windows 7 is everything that Vista promised to be and more , " enthuses AMD 's Richard Huddy .
Dell 's Alex Gruzen calls the software " outstanding . "
This may be hyperbole .
Gartner analyst Annette Jump , for one , calls Windows 7 " a polishing release of Windows Vista " .
Windows 7 is much easier to install than its predecessor
But most reviews have been positive , even enthusiastic .
" The fact it 's an operating system I see nobody complaining about [ suggests ] you have something that 's really good and solid , " argues Mr Huddy .
That alone will not banish the fundamental threats to Microsoft 's business model , though .
Over the next few years there will be " a big shift to [ operating system ] neutral applications like browser - based apps , Java , Silverlight , Flash , . Net " , says Mr Kleynhans at Gartner .
" That will limit the dominance , the factors that drive people to have Windows . "
Should Microsoft rest on its Windows 7 laurels , it might end up being its most , but also its last , successful operating system .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A detailed picture of the seeds of structures in the universe has been unveiled by an international team co-led by Sarah Church of the Kavli Institute for Particle Astrophysics and Cosmology , jointly located at the Department of Energy 's SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory and Stanford University , and by Walter Gear , of Cardiff University in the United Kingdom .
These measurements of the cosmic microwave background -- a faintly glowing relic of the hot , dense , young universe -- put limits on proposed alternatives to the standard model of cosmology and provide further support for the standard cosmological model , confirming that dark matter and dark energy make up 95 % of everything in existence , while ordinary matter makes up just 5 % .
" When I first started in this field , some people were adamant that they understood the contents of the universe quite well , " said Church , deputy director of KIPAC and the U.S. principal investigator of the QUaD project .
" But that understanding was shattered when evidence for dark energy was discovered .
Now that we again feel we have a very good understanding of what makes up the universe , it 's extremely important for us to amass strong evidence using many different measurement techniques that this model is correct , so that this does n't happen again . "
In a paper published in the November 1 issue of The Astrophysical Journal , QUaD researchers release detailed maps of the cosmic microwave background ( CMB ) .
The researchers focused their measurements on variations in the CMB 's temperature and polarization to learn about the distribution of matter in the early universe .
Polarization is an intrinsic extra " directionality " to all light rays that is at right angles to the light ray 's direction of travel .
Although most light is unpolarized -- consisting of light rays with an equal mix of all polarizations -- the reflection and scattering of a light ray can create polarized light .
This property of light is exploited by polarized sunglasses , which block some of the polarized light to reduce glare on sunny days .
The light from the early universe was initially unpolarized but became polarized when it struck moving matter in the very early universe .
By creating maps of this polarization , the QUaD team was able to investigate not just where the matter existed , but also how it was moving .
" These new polarization measurements from QUaD are the most sensitive ever made , " said Clem Pryke , QUaD team member and assistant professor at the Kavli Institute for Cosmological Physics , located at the University of Chicago .
The QUaD results very closely match the temperature and polarization predicted by the existence of dark matter and dark energy in the standard cosmological model , offering further experimental confirmation that the model is correct .
These findings also limit the possibilities of alternative models , reinforcing the view that researchers are on the right track and need to learn more about the strange nature of dark energy and dark matter if they are to fully understand the workings of the universe .
" Microwave background observations are about the most technically challenging in contemporary astrophysics and cosmology , " said KIPAC Director Roger Blandford .
" It is wonderful to see such solid measurements and such a clear confirmation of the theory . "
The QUaD ( QUEST at DASI ) project utilizes the Q U Extra - galactic Survey Telescope ( QUEST ) instrument at the South Pole that was installed on the mechanical structure from a previous experiment called DASI ( Degree Angular Scale Interferometer ) .
The principal members of the QUaD collaboration are the Kavli Institute for Particle Astrophysics and Cosmology at Stanford University and the Department of Energy 's SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory , the Kavli Institute for Cosmological Physics at the University of Chicago , the California Institute of Technology , the Jet Propulsion Laboratory , Cambridge University ( United Kingdom ) , Cardiff University ( United Kingdom ) , University of Edinburgh ( United Kingdom ) and Maynooth College ( Ireland ) .
The National Science Foundation funded the U.S. portion of the experiment , the Particle Physics and Astronomy Research Council funded the U.K. research and Enterprise Ireland funded the Irish contribution .
SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory is a multi-program laboratory exploring frontier questions in astrophysics , photon science , particle physics and accelerator research .
Located in Menlo Park , California , SLAC is operated by Stanford University for the U.S. Department of Energy Office of Science .
America ’s democratic ideal does n’t work perfectly .
Sometimes it does n’t work at all , and in these cases it feeds our cynicism to the point where we ’re tempted to conclude that the very possibility of true freedom is a sham .
I know whereof I speak , because there are few people out there more soaked in bile than I am .
Still , this whole “ marketplace of ideas ” is a marvelous concept .
Perhaps the most marvelous concept in history .
Drawing on the Miltonian belief that if people are allowed to enter the agora and freely state their cases , then “ the truth will out ” ( that is , an educated and informed citizenry will unerringly perceive the truth and that weaker ideas will be disregarded in favor of stronger ones ) , our nation ’s founders crafted a Constitution that assured people the right to voice their opinions , free from government intrusion .
Yes , the formula has its problem spots – Americans have religiously rejected the “ educated and informed ” part , for instance , and there have been embarrassing questions reagrding who , precisely , got to be a “ citizen . ”
Also , the framers seemed not to foresee that we ’d get to a point where governmental threats to the exercise of speech paled next to those posed by private institutions .
Still , all that said , it ’s hard to argue that Americans have made a lot of hay with our 1st Amendment guarantees since they were enacted , and even an imperfect marketplace of ideas beats none at all .
This week presented us with a sparkling case study of the marketplace of ideas at its best .
A few days back it was announced that conservative pundit and noiser - without - peer Rush Limbaugh was part of a group seeking to buy the NFL’s St. Louis Rams .
The agora fairly exploded in conversation .
A number of players and the head of the NFL Players Association wanted no part of a man who ’s established a reputation for … racial insensitivity ?
The owner of the Indianapolis Colts ( a Bush / Cheney spporter , as it turns out ) promised to block any bid involving Limbaugh .
NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell finally got around to offering that “ Limbaugh ’s divisiveness is not what the league needs . ”
Columnists , pundits and bloggers ( including S&R ’s own uber - cynic , Dr. Sid Bonesparkle ) weighed in with a broad range of takes ( mostly anti-Rush , it seems ) .
Jesse Jackson and Al Sharpton had things to say , and we ’d have felt cheated if they had n’t .
Many of these voices were informed and credible .
Others were driven by prefabricated ideologies instead of facts and reason .
And a boisterous debate was had by all .
In the end , the brazillionaire heading the investment group , St. Louis Blues owner Dave Checketts , put two and two together .
Realizing that Limbaugh was an 800 - lb albatross hanging around the neck of his NFL aspirations , Checketts unceremoniously kicked him to the curb .
The wonderful thing about the whole episode ?
This is precisely how our nation ’s founders envisioned our democracy working .
An idea was presented .
Interested parties , informed or otherwise , had their say .
( Remember , the framers knew there would be irresponsible voices in the public debate – that was part of the equation . )
Marvelously , it was all enabled immeasurably by the Internet , which Al Gore , love him or hate him , saw as the ultimate tool of Jeffersonian democracy .
From a 1994 address :
“ And the distributed intelligence of the [ Global Information Infrastructure ] will spread participatory democracy …
I see a new Athenian Age of democracy forged in the fora the GII will create .
The entire public debate was conducted free of coercion from the government .
And in the end , the marketplace decided , governed by its collective conscience , that Limbaugh ’s participation was not in the best interest of the league , the ownership group or the free market .
An idea was tested and found wanting .
Dave Checketts made an informed decision .
In theory , we should now be able to tune in and listen as Rush , disappointed though he may be , extols the virtues of the marketplace .
After all , that is his core ideological concern – that free enterprise and the marketplace of ideas be allowed to determine the value of products and propositions , right ?
By Rowan Bridge
BBC Radio 5 live
Around 90,000 are treated in the emergency department annually A new law has come into force making it a criminal offence for people to cause a nuisance or disturbance in NHS hospitals .
It means authorised staff will have the power to throw people off the premises if they are verbally abusive , intimidating or making excessive noise .
The NHS says physical removal will only be used as a last resort and will not be used instead of trying to calm people down .
I spent last Saturday in the emergency department of Southampton General Hospital to see what it is like on the frontline .
It is 0200 on Sunday morning and a drunk patient , his clothes hanging off his shoulder and spattered with blood , is abusing the medical staff there to help him .
He has already had to be moved from one bay after interfering with the treatment of another patient and now Sister Sarah Swanton has decided she has to move him to the waiting room because he is upsetting people .
" Sometimes on a Saturday I could call security for one person several times or several different people , but it is very very common , it does always happen . "
Dionne McKenzie , receptionist at Southampton General Hospital " We 're going to sit you out in the waiting room , give you a glass of water , " she says .
He replies by making an abusive comment .
He is wheeled into the waiting room but despite being warned several times about his attitude the final straw comes when he racially abuses Dionne McKenzie , one of the receptionists .
Having spoken to the registrar on duty and satisfied themselves that the man is safe to discharge they order the security staff to remove him from the hospital grounds .
The reception staff are often the in the frontline of abuse and Ms McKenzie says these experiences are sadly not uncommon .
She said : " We get sworn at on a regular basis , get told that we do n't know what we 're doing and we do n't care etc.
CCTV cameras will be used to help prevent violence against NHS staff " Another thing is people wanting transport home and not understanding why we can't get them home .
We get a lot of youngsters or people with no money who then take it out on us because they can't get home . "
The poster taped to the window on reception which says in capitals " Stop Abuse Of NHS Staff " does not seem to be registering .
Ms McKenzie said : " Out of a month I do eight nights and six of those one person will be removed or security called .
" Sometimes on a Saturday I could call security for one person several times or several different people , but it is very very common , it does always happen . "
Within the hour , Ms Swanton is on the receiving end of more abuse , this time from a man on a night out and his girlfriend .
He has been seen by the triage nurse but is not deemed to be a priority and , as on most Saturday nights , patients are having to wait .
Tensions boil over and Ms Swanton takes the brunt of their frustrations .
The man sarcastically thanks her while his girlfriend swears at her .
Disruption
Although she remains calm and composed throughout it all I can see in Ms Swanton 's eyes that she has found what happened upsetting .
Around 90,000 people pass through the emergency department at Southampton every year and the vast majority of them will behave perfectly well .
The concern is that the small minority that do decide to cause disruption have a disproportionate impact on both staff and patient care .
And the experiences here in Southampton are repeated at emergency departments across the UK .
The accents may change , but the abuse and disruption happens in any major inner city A&E unit .
By 0420 ( GMT ) the waiting room is still busy with the fallout of a Saturday night out , with people who 've been punched or fallen or are suffering the effects of alcohol in one way or another .
Ms Swanton says : " It is still quite lively in the waiting room and there are still a few hours to go yet so I 'm sure there will be a few more incidents to come . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Gordon Brown has told the BBC that Pakistan must do more to " break " al - Qaeda and find Osama Bin Laden .
Questions must be asked about why nobody had been able " to spot or detain or get close to " the al - Qaeda leader , the prime minister said .
He said he wanted to see " more progress in taking out " Bin Laden and his second - in - command , Ayman Zawahiri .
Meanwhile , a US Senate report claims US forces had Bin Laden " within their grasp " in Afghanistan in late 2001 .
BBC World Affairs correspondent Mike Wooldridge said this was not a new claim .
However , he said , staff working for the Democratic majority on the Foreign Relations Committee now claimed to have evidence that in December 2001 US military power was kept on the sidelines while Bin Laden escaped " unmolested " into Pakistan 's unregulated tribal areas .
Air strikes
The report comes days before US President Barack Obama is due to announce additional US troops for Afghanistan - Mr Brown is to announce whether conditions have been met to send an extra 500 British troops .
Speaking in a BBC interview , the prime minister said that if so much effort was going into building up security in Afghanistan , Pakistan had " to be able to show that it can take on al - Qaeda " .
The prime minister said Pakistan had made progress against the Taliban in south Waziristan .
We want to see more progress in taking out these two people at the top of al Qaida
Gordon Brown
Bin Laden was ' within US grasp ' Brown 's tough tone on Afghanistan But he told the BBC : " We 've got to ask ourselves why , eight years after September the 11th , nobody has been able to spot or detain or get close to Osama bin Laden , nobody 's been able to get close to Zawahiri , the number two in al - Qaeda . "
Pakistan had to " join us in the major effort that the world is committing resources to , and that is not only to isolate al - Qaeda , but to break them in Pakistan " , he said .
Pakistan 's prime minister , Yousuf Raza Gilani , will meet Mr Brown at Downing Street on Thursday .
Mr Brown informed Pakistan 's president , Asif Ali Zardari by telephone that he intended to speak out about the hunt for Osama Bin Laden .
The prime minister told the BBC that over eight years " we should have been able to do more ... to get to the bottom of where al - Qaeda is operating from " .
' Political surge ' Progress had been made he said , but Pakistan had to make sure that " in South Waziristan we are taking on al - Qaeda directly " .
" We want , after eight years , to see more progress in taking out these two people at the top of al - Qaeda , who have done so much damage and are clearly the brains behind many of the operations that have hit Britain , " said Mr Brown .
Later Foreign Secretary David Miliband said Britain wanted Pakistan to " join us in upping our game " in tackling terrorism on its border with Afghanistan .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" We know that the Pakistani authorities , as the prime minister said , are taking big losses in their drive against the so - called Pakistan Taliban ... we recognise that . "
But he said it was " right that we recognise that stability in Afghanistan requires stability in Pakistan too and that requires a combined effort . "
" We 've all got to do more , Pakistan has got to do more , Afghanistan has got to do more and the international community has got to do more , but we 've also got to do better . "
In an interview with the BBC's Hard Talk programme due to be screened on Tuesday , Pakistan 's foreign minister Shah Mahmood Qureshi said : " I can't speak for the last seven years , but I can certainly speak for the present government , which came into office in 2008 .
" The democratically elected government of Pakistan has shown a resolve and determination to take the militants on .
" And I think today there 's a great recognition of that , by the US , the Europeans , all over the world .
There is an acknowledgement that Pakistan today is determined to fight the militants . "
Shadow defence secretary Liam Fox told BBC One 's Politics Show that Pakistan faced economic and political problems and its army did not " really have the capabilities for the sort of anti-terrorist counter - insurgency measures that we want " .
" The international community has to give Pakistan a lot of help if Pakistan is to fulfil the role we want it to do , " he said .
And Edward Davey , for the Liberal Democrats , said : " The real questions are , why has n't this happened before and because it has n't , why is it suddenly going to happen now ?
" This looks more like wishful thinking than a new well considered strategy "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
DUBLIN , Ireland —
In recent months the Irish government has taken some measures that have been deeply unpopular with its own backbenchers , including pay cuts , reduced privileges and an income tax .
Finally one action has provoked them into open rebellion — the introduction of a bill to lower drunk - driving limits .
When transport minister Noel Dempsey introduced his Road Traffic Bill to a closed meeting of backbench TDs ( members of parliament ) of the majority Fianna Fail party one evening this month there was an uproar .
The measure provides for a reduction in the permitted blood alcohol limit from eight to five grams of alcohol per 10 liters of blood , or from a Blood Alcohol Content of 0.08 percent — the legal limit in the United States — to 0.05 percent .
The resistance came mainly from rural TDs who argued that the new law would discriminate against country people in isolated areas who traditionally socialize in the village pub .
Many country pubs have already shut because of lost business due to the economic crisis , a smoking ban and increased enforcement of drunk driving laws .
Jackie Healy Rae , an independent TD from County Kerry , who supports the coalition government , said he would vote against the bill even if it meant bringing the government down .
“ It ’s the poor fella that calls in for a pint and a half on the way home from the likes of Castleisland or Kenmare Mart , that ’s who I ’m looking out for , ” he told the Kerryman newspaper .
The present limit — the same as in the United Kingdom but higher than in most European Union countries — allows a driver to drink roughly two pints of light beer or two glasses of wine , depending on body weight , according to " The Facts about Drinking and Driving , " published by the U.K. Transport and Road Research Laboratory .
Lowering the limit would likely restrict a customer to a maximum of one pint of Guinness , opponents of the measure say .
A similar rebellion in 2001 by backbenchers in Portugal , where there is a strong tradition of drinking wine with lunch and dinner , forced the government to abandon plans to lower the limit from five to two grams of alcohol per 10 liters of blood .
The Irish government is , however , expected to survive any challenge to the bill as it has cross -party support , though its backbenchers are not giving up easily .
Mattie McGrath , Fianna Fail TD from Tipperary South , went so far as to argue on NewsTalk Radio that drinking and driving was a good thing , as he knew people “ for whom drink is a relaxant and they might be more nervous without it . ”
This provoked Conor Faughnan , spokesman of the Automobile Association of Ireland ( AA ) to respond that “ people are entitled to say that the earth is flat but that does n’t mean to say it ’s right . ”
In a telephone interview Faughnan said that until recently Ireland had a poor record of enforcement of drunk - driving laws compared to countries like the U.S. , but that in the last decade there had been a “ sea - change ” in attitudes about drunk driving because of improved traffic controls .
“ People coming from pubs or golf clubs now know that there is a good chance they will be stopped by police and breathalyzed , ” he said .
A poll of 7,000 drivers by the AA last weekend showed that two - thirds supported the new measure , Faughnan added .
Dempsey ’s hand has been strengthened by a scientific survey showing that alcohol may have been a contributory factor in 1,000 fatal collisions in Ireland in the last 10 years .
Ireland is taking its cue from Switzerland where lowering the limit from eight to five grams resulted in a 44 percent drop in alcohol - related fatalities in the three years following its introduction in 2005 , according to Swiss road safety officials .
“ Such compelling evidence prevents the objectors from winning the high moral ground , ” said Faughnan , “ and the tide of public opinion is against them . ”
Italian furniture manufacturer Poliform has created an inspirational residential interior project called “ My Life in 80 m ² ” to show that the quality of a living space does not depend on the size .
Last night Zero Hedge obtained some interesting documents from the CDC web site .
They contain blank ' forced quarantine ' orders from Iowa and Florida regarding novel H1N1 -- including quarantine to a ' secure detention center '-- which appear to be recent -- dated April 2009 .
Some may be aware the NIH and CDC just held an H1N1 conference in DC -- August 19 - 21 2009 -- that focused on ' mass fatality management ' .
For many , this should be cause for concern .
As is becoming clear , our government is quite corrupt .
The idea that this same government is now preparing for forced quarantine and mass vaccination should make anyone who has been following recent events shudder .
There is something going on here , but governments have not come clean with the public .
Why ' secure detention centers ' in the U.S. and ' secure vaccination centers ' in France if there is nothing to be concerned about ?
It is becoming increasingly clear that a global mass vaccination campaign is planned -- likely to become mandatory in the 193 WHO member countries , despite serious safety concerns regarding these untested novel H1N1 vaccines , some of which are now known to contain high levels of the deadly adjuvent squalene .
Others may be aware that it was only last week that the Massachusetts State Senate passed a law making it a relatively serious crime to refuse a mandatory vaccination or to break a quarantine order .
This law also includes rather astounding violations of the 4th Amendment , including warrantless searches and seizures of property if deemed necessary in an ' emergency ' .
This new Massachusetts law also included authorizations for illegal arrest without a warrant and of forced vaccination of the public .
But the political activity is not limited to the states .
Yesterday Obama held meetings with senior cabinet officials regarding H1N1 ' pandemic prepardness ' including HHS Secretary Sebelius .
So this is not idle speculation .
There is something going on here .
Either the government knows something we do not , or this is the biggest hype since the dot com bubble .
Although the current H1N1 virus does not have lethal genes yet , we have been implicitly promised by the national and global health authorities that novel H1N1 will soon return with such genetic ' upgrades ' , just as it did in 1918 .
Here at ZeroHedge , we are expecting a flock of economic black swans soon , and a pandemic -- whether real or hyped -- may be part of this flock .
An economic collapse will be no doubt be triggered soon , and it will be convenient for the political elites to blame the collapse on an external factor , such as a pandemic or a war .
Furthermore , the fall H1N1 pandemic may be a convenient pretext by which dangerous levels of expanding social control can be established by elites which have proven themselves utterly corrupt and morally bankrupt .
On to the documents .
This is just CDC / NIH contingency planning .
Nothing to be concerned about .
FL Quarantine to Detention Facility Order Apr 09 252
Home Quarantine Order Novelflu Filled in 4-30-09
FL Quarantine to Residence Order Apr 09 252
Perhaps now is the time to educate ourselves rather than remaining blissfully ignorant .
Perhaps now is the time to confront our government officials with questions .
How many states have drawn up plans like those above ?
Do the authorities plan on initiating forced quarantines ?
Do the authorities plan on initiating mandatory vaccinations ?
h/t cryptogon
Rumor : Mercenaries and The Saboteur Developer Pandemic Closing ( Updated )
Update 2 : Studio owner Electronic
Arts has chimed in , explaining that " a core team of Pandemic developers will move to EALA " and continue the Pandemic brand .
Update : " It 's official , pandemic is shut down as of today , " reads a tweet from Pandemic 's Drew Marlowe .
" Thankfully it looks like we are getting decent severance . "
More details , including an official statement , are expected shortly .
Original : Rumours are circulating that Pandemic Studios -- the Los Angeles - based developer of the Mercenaries series and The Saboteur -- is to be closed as part of EA 's $ 100 million cost - cutting plan , first reported by Kotaku .
The majority of the studio's two hundred - odd staff will reportedly be informed today that the development and publishing giant intends to lay them off .
Further rumours suggest that one Pandemic team may survive the layoffs and join the EA Los Angeles campus -- itself rumoured to be facing cuts in the form of the Command & Conquer 4 team .
Pandemic 's website lists two mystery " current projects . "
Pandemic 's open - world shooter sequel Mercenaries 2 suffered a lengthy development with several delays , though as of October 2008 it had sold 1.9 million copies and then - EA publishing COO John Pleasants declared " there will be a Mercenaries 3 , and if I can have anything to do with it , there will be a Mercenaries 10 . "
The developer 's upcoming World War 2 open - world title
The Saboteur has similarly had a bumpy journey , reportedly in development for four years and originally due to arrive in 2008 but now scheduled for a December 8 release on PC , Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 .
Pandemic 's Brisbane satellite studio-- developer of the first two Destroy All Humans !
games and a cancelled The Dark Knight movie tie - in game reportedly over - due and over - budget - - was shut down in February during an earlier round of EA cuts .
EA acquired Pandemic along with Mass Effect developer BioWare in 2007 when it purchased the developers ' parent company VG Holding Corp. for $ 860 million .
In the NFL logic device , the first SPW ( kBias ) is launched , followed by the launch of a second SPW ( kC2 ) , which steers the first SPW into the left drain terminal for detection , where it ’s identified as a logic “ 1 ” .
Image copyright : De Los Santos .
© 2009 IEEE .
( PhysOrg.com ) --
Computers of the future could be operating not on electrons , but on tiny waves traveling through an electron " fluid , " if a new proposal is successful .
The new circuit design , recently introduced by Dr. Héctor J. De Los Santos , CTO of NanoMEMS
Research , LLC , in Irvine , California , may be a promising candidate to replace CMOS - based circuits , and ultimately continue the circuit density growth described by Moore 's Law .
As Gordon Moore predicted more than 40 years ago , the number of transistors able to fit on a computer chip has doubled approximately every 18 months .
But if the trend is to continue for the years to come , it will have to be with technology other than the conventional CMOS design .
As the size of transistors gets down to the nanoscale , CMOS devices begin suffering from several issues , such as increased resistance , decreased channel mobility , and increased manufacturing costs .
To overcome the challenges involved with scaling , researchers from around the world have begun to look for alternatives to CMOS technology .
De Los Santos ’ concept , called nano - electron - fluidic logic ( NFL ) , is based on the flow of plasmons in a fluid - like electron gas ( basically an electron fluid ) .
He predicts that logic gates with the NFL design offer the potential for femtosecond switching speeds and sub - femtojoule power dissipations at room temperature - numbers that would be extremely capable of continuing Moore ’s Law beyond CMOS .
De Los Santos ’ paper will be published in a future issue of IEEE Transactions on Nanotechnology .
As De Los Santos explains , the NFL concept takes advantage of the properties of surface plasma waves ( SPWs ) .
These waves propagate on the inversion layer at the insulating gate - semiconductor interface ( which , in this case , embodies an electric fluid ) and behaves as an SPW waveguide .
When two SPWs collide , they repel each other .
In the device set - up , one SPW is launched from a particular direction to collide with another SPW , causing it to scatter in one of two directions , where it is detected and interpreted as a “ 1 ” or , if not detected , a “ 0 . ”
To begin the process , an SPW is launched into a channel filled with electron fluid that forks into two channels , each with a detector at the end .
Under no external forces , the SPW will be split equally so that equal portions will be detected at the two end terminals .
But when a second SPW is launched into the main channel from the left or right , it will cause the original SPW to deflect into the opposite fork .
For example , a second SPW coming from the right would steer the original SPW down the left fork .
When the SPW is detected at the left end terminal , and not the right , the NFL device forms the basis of a logic flip - flop , having the ability to store one bit of memory .
The SPW design is conceptually different from the CMOS design in the sense that it is based on waves rather than particles .
De Los Santos compares the SPW concept to a wave in a pond that occurs when a pebble is dropped in the water .
In this analogy , the water is the electron fluid , the disturbance is a departure from charge neutrality at a given point in the electron fluid ( rather than the departure from the position of equilibrium of a particle moving up and down ) , and the disturbance carrying the departure from charge neutrality is the SPW .
“ Notice that , while the disturbance moves away from its point of origin , a particle at the water surface stays at the same place ; it only moves up and down , ” De Los Santos told PhysOrg.com .
“ Thus , the propagation of the disturbance does not involve the transport of mass .
In fact , the disturbance [ SPW ] moves at a speed faster than that at which the massive water particles [ electrons ] could be transported .
This establishes , qualitatively , why the speed of an SPW is greater than that of an electron . ”
In comparison , a conventional CMOS logic is based on transporting electrons through a channel by establishing an electron current .
As De Los Santos explains , the electron current is made up of an assembly of individual electrons that individually suffer collisions with impurities and the vibrating background semiconductor lattice .
These collisions limit the maximum speed , and the minimum power dissipation , attainable to effect a logic function .
“ So , NFL is fundamentally based on wave ( SPW ) launching , propagation and manipulation , and CMOS is based on channel conductivity modulation and particle transport , ” he said .
In the case of the NFL device , the key to optimizing its density is to find an optimal device length for the desired operating frequency .
“ Once launched , SPWs have a lifetime that depends on the distance they propagate , ” De Los Santos said .
“ If the point at which they are detected is too far away from the point of origin , the SPWs will die before getting there ; no logic operation can be performed .
The distance being too large , the device size will be too large , and the device density will be small .
Now , if the detection point is too close to the origin , the SPWs will bounce / be reflected at the detection point , and propagate back to the point of origin , where they will be reflected again and propagate back to the detection point and so forth ; this is a resonance condition .
In this case , the device is small , the density is large , but what we have is an oscillator .
However , if the point of detection is located at such a distance that the SPW is detected before it dies , so that the round trip back to the launching point is such that it dies before getting there , then we have the right device size , and the right device density for NFL . ”
With the resonance limitation in mind , De Los Santos predicts that the ultimate device density would be that of the smallest possible plasmon , which is an electric dipole .
Since the smallest electric dipole is an atom , the density would be equal to the areal atomic density of the type of atom used .
Compared to current CMOS feature sizes , the NFL logic could potentially perform the same function in just one - fourth the area .
In addition to its potential for high density , the NFL logic has other advantages , such as a quick operation speed and a small energy requirement .
SPWs have a propagation velocity of about 1 billion cm/sec , which is two orders of magnitude greater than electrons .
On the nanoscale , this velocity enables switching times on the order of femtoseconds , or switching frequencies of approximately 6 THz at room temperature .
As for energy , the only power required is that needed to excite an SPW , which can be done by any nonzero DC current .
Maintaining the electron fluid requires negligible power consumption , so that the device ’s overall power consumption is determined by the minimum detectable current .
In addition , the NFL concept is compatible with current lithographic capabilities , allowing it to take advantage of established semiconductor manufacturing infrastructure .
NFL logic gates could also be interfaced with conventional electronics .
In the future , De Los Santos plans to continue investigating the possibilities of NFL logic .
“ Research and development is underway to address NFL - based design , in particular , asynchronous logic design styles , and interfacing with electrons , photonic and plasmonic systems , ” De Los Santos said .
“ NFL - based digital logic circuit functions are expected to displace CMOS as a technology that will permeate from the computers , laptops , and cell phones to the communications satellites , instrumentation equipment and automobiles of the future . ”
More information : Héctor J. De Los Santos .
“ Theory of Nano - Electron - Fluidic Logic ( NFL ) : A New Digital ‘ Electronics ’ Concept . ” IEEE Transactions on Nanotechnology .
To be published .
Copyright 2009 PhysOrg.com .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed in whole or part without the express written permission of PhysOrg.com .
Explore further Nanodevices could use quantized current to operate future electronics
Felipe Calder�n destaca que el pa�s tiene rumbo claro y todas las condiciones para ser una naci�n privilegiada para invertir ; prev� que la econom �a crezca 3 % en 2010
MEJORA .
" Trabajamos fuertemente para que esta recuperaci�n se contin�e y se ampl�e en los a�os venideros " , se�al� Calder�n .
( Foto : Archivo )
Ciudad de M�xico | Jueves 05 de noviembre de 2009
AP | El Universal
10:13
Iron Chef America Visits Obama Family Garden For Special Episode
Like us on Facebook :
The current article you are reading does not reflect the views of the current editors and contributors of the new Ecorazzi
Iron Chef is playing in Michelle Obama ’s garden and we think it ’s just swell !
The popular Food Network program has taped a special episode using produce from the White House garden to help promote local and organic food .
The episode will also feature Mrs. Obama discussing her crusade to reduce childhood obesity through better school lunches , community gardens , farmers ’ markets and exercise .
Mario Batali , perhaps not the most health - conscious man in America , told the New York Times :
“ What ’s exciting for us is this is the first time I can remember the White House taking an active interest in doing something about diet and health .
They understand this kind of P.R. ”
He continued , “ If we do n’t do something about how kids eat soon , it will be simply the largest problem facing this country . ”
The show will premiere Jan. 3 on the Food Network , with Cristeta Comerford , the White House executive chef , and Bobby Flay going up against the combined forces of Mario Batali and Emeril Lagasse .
Get ready to get your vegetables on !
via : NYTimes.com
photocredit : NYTimes.com
Last week , nearly 150 Religious Right leaders and activists signed on to the Manhattan Declaration , vowing to join together in an effort to stop America ’s descent into a totalitarianism , and not surprisingly signers are comparing themselves to Martin Luther and those who resisted the Nazi’s
[ Richard ]
Land said , “ It was an honor and a privilege to be a part of the process that produced the document .
It is a sterling and forthright declaration of first principles .
To paraphrase Martin Luther :
Here we stand ; we can do no other . ” … [ David ]
Dockery said , “ Not unlike the 1934 Barmen Declaration [ the statement of the confessing church in Nazi Germany ] , the Manhattan Declaration is a clarion call for Christians of every tradition to stand together in biblical faithfulness for foundational matters of society and culture like commitments to life , marriage and family … .
I pray that God will use this declaration among leaders and laity in churches , the academy and parachurch organizations to join hands together for the sake of the kingdom of God . ”
On today ’s radio program , James Dobson hosted Chuck Colson and Robert George to discuss the manifesto during which Dobson explained that if their values are “ not preserved at this moment of destiny , this nation and most others in the Western world will fold and freedom itself will go down with it . ”
Saying we are facing a “ defining moment in America and the Christian Church , ” Dobson declared that the statement “ deserves our most careful attention , I just want to emphasize that in every way that I can , ” before asking George just what precipitated this document , to which George explained that it was basically the election of Barack Obama and Democratic majorities in Congress who are out to destroy traditional marriage and basic Christian values .
Finally , Dobson stated that with the passage of hate crimes legislation , “ it could get very costly to follow this Christ , ” meaning that pastors and Christians are about the come under direct attack from the government , to which George responded that Christian “ martyrs have [ always ] been called on to pay the ultimate price rather than to deny the Lord or to do what is evil in his sight ” :
Eventually , Dobson turned to the supposed “ monthly abortion premium ” that Rep. John Boehner has been claiming is included in health care reform legislation , which Dobson vowed he would never accept , saying he and his wife Shirley would pay ruinous fines , go to prison , or even “ leave this beloved country and spend the rest of our lives in exile ” :
Writers and Financial Woes : What ’s Going On
An e-mail :
You talk about money and writing a lot , so let me ask you :
What is it with writers and money ?
Lots of them seem to be in financial hot water these days .
Hmmmm .
Well , let ’s start by pointing out two rather salient points ( note this discussion is primarily US - centric , but may have application elsewhere ) :
1 . Things are tough all over .
“ These days ” includes a profound recession , for which employment is a lagging factor , so let ’s make sure we factor that not - trivial datum into our mindview .
On top of this general employment malaise , writers of all sorts are taking an extra set of lumps : Journalism is losing thousands of full - time writers out of newspapers and magazines , writers in corporate settings are no safer than any other white - collar worker and publishing companies are actively trimming their author rosters and slicing advances .
I ’d hesitate to suggest that writers are having it worst of all recently , but you know what , they ’re not just skating through this recession , either .
They ’ve got it middlin’ bad .
On top of this :
2 . It ’s not just writers who make lousy financial choices .
There are n’t enough writers in the United States to cover all the bad mortgages out there right now , to make one obvious point .
It ’s not just writers who push the average consumer debt above $ 7,000 per card holder .
It ’s not just writers who save almost none of their income , leaving them vulnerable to sudden , unexpected changes in personal fortune .
Writers are often bad with money , but then so are secretaries , and doctors , and teachers , and plumbers , and members of the military and any other group of people you might care to imagine , excepting possibly accountants , and honestly I would n’t even put it past them .
So when we ’re singling out writers for discussion , let ’s remember they are not alone out there on the far end of the “ wow , we really suck at finances ” spectrum .
Having noted the above , here are some additional reasons why writers seem to so often fall face first , financially .
Note that not all of these apply equally to every writer ; we ’re talking in vast generalities , here .
First , some practical issues :
3 . Writer pay is generally low and generally inconsistent .
And if one writes fiction for some / all of one ’s writing output , especially so .
I ’ve written in detail about writing rates and payment before so it ’s not necessary to go into detail again right at the moment .
But what it means is that if one is a writer , one does a fair amount of work for not a whole lot of money , and then has to wait for that payment to arrive more or less at the pleasure of the person sending the check .
Unfortunately , writers like pretty much everyone else have fixed expenses ( mortgage / rent , bills etc ) , and those people generally do not wait to be paid at the pleasure of the writer ; you pay your electric bill regularly or you do n’t get electricity .
This means writers are often in a situation where despite working prodigiously , they do n’t have money in hand to pay regular , fixed monthly expenses .
4. Writers often lack what meager social net actually exists in corporate America .
Writers are often self - employed , which means they bear the full brunt of the cost of health insurance or go without , and when they do pay for health insurance , they pay a lot because their individual plans do n’t spread out risk like corporate plans do .
Since per point three writers do n’t get paid a lot ( or regularly ) , very often they go without — as often do their spouses and children , if the spouse does not work for someone who provides health insurance .
Which means they are quite susceptible to even incidental medical costs wreaking holy hell with their finances , and my own anecdotal experience with writers is that they are not exactly a hale and hearty group to start .
Self - employed writers do n’t get 401 ( k ) s and often do n’t get around to funding IRAs , so their ability to save for retirement is made that much more challenging .
They are on the hook for their full amount of Social Security taxes and also have to file taxes quarterly , and the IRS keeps a close eye on them ( and all self - employed folks ) for fraud and so on .
Add it all up , and not being formally on the corporate teat makes it easier for writers to find themselves in a compromised financial situation .
5 . Writers , like many people ( even presumably educated folks ) , often have rudimentary financial skills .
Which means even when they do have money and a desire to save it intelligently , they often do n’t know how or have already gotten themselves into a compromised financial situation which makes smart and sane financial practices more difficult .
Now , for writers , to some extent we can blame them and their arty - farty educations for this lack .
I ’m not sure how many MFA or undergrad writing programs out there require a “ real world basic finance ” class for a degree , but I ’m guessing I can count them on one hand and have up to five fingers left over .
Likewise , my anecdotal experience with writers suggests that not a whole lot of them have a vibrant love affair with mathematics , even the relatively basic sort that underpins day - to - day financial planning .
So there are two strikes against them right there .
But to be fair to writers , once again , it ’s not just them .
I have a philosophy degree ; it did n’t require a real world financial management class either .
I do n’t believe I actually ever took a class in basic financial planning and management , ever , and I ’m guessing I ’m not the only one there .
This leaves basically everyone to get their financial educations from rah-rah financial bestsellers , fatuous talking heads on CNBC and folks like the sort who recently suckered millions of Americans into buying far more home than they could rationally afford on the basis that hey , the real estate market will never ever go down .
This is , basically , an appalling state of affairs , and not just for writers .
Having enumerated some practical issues , here are some ( for lack of a better term ) “ lifestyle ” reasons why writers often have money problems :
6. Writers are often flaky .
Which can mean ( pick one or more ) that they have short attentions spans , which penalize them for things like finances ; they get bored quickly and therefore make bad economic decisions because they want to stop thinking about them and get on to interesting stuff ; because they are clever with words they think that means that they are smart outside of their specific field ( and particularly with money ) , which is common mistake people good in one intellectual area make ; they trust people they should not with their money and / or their life situations ; they go with their guts rather than with their brains ; they prioritize immediate wants over long - term needs ; and so on .
We could have a nice fun argument about whether flaky people become writers or whether being a writer makes one flaky , but it ’s a discussion that ’s not relevant at the moment ; the point here is that many authors by their personal nature are not well - composed for the sober , staid and completely boring task of dealing with money .
( Note I ’m not simply running down other writers here ; ask my wife why it was when we met I had all my utilities on third notice , despite the fact I could afford to pay the bills .
It will confirm my own “ flaky like a pie crust ” nature . )
Related to this :
7. Writers are often irrational risk - takers .
Because how can you write about life without experiencing it , etc , which is a convenient rationale for doing stupid things and getting caught in bad situations , up to and including terrible relationships , addictions , impulsive life - changing decisions and so on , all of which end up having a ( not in the least ) surprising impact on one ’s financial life .
Hell , even a bog - standard nicotine addiction will set you back $ 9 per pack in NYC and $ 5 everywhere else ( not counting the cost of one ’s lung cancer treatments later ) .
Whether these sorts of irrational risks actually do make one a better writer is of course deeply open to debate , but again , it ’s a rationale as opposed to a reason .
Note that in the cases of 6 and 7 above , there ’s another potential correlating issue , which is that writers like many creative types appear to have higher incidence of mental illness than your random sample of , say , grocery store managers or bus drivers .
Mental illness — particularly illness that goes untreated / undertreated due to financial constraints — will have corresponding effects on one ’s financial situation .
8. Writers are often attracted to other creative folks , including other writers .
Nothing wrong with this in a general sense , mind you .
We all love who we love , and what ’s not to love about another witty , smart and talented person ?
The problem financially speaking , however , is that other writers very often have the same basic financial issues : low , irregular pay , no benefits , poor finance skills , tendencies toward flakiness and risk - taking , and such .
Two incomes are theoretically better than one , but two sporadic incomes accompanied by everything else that comes attached to the writing life is n’t necessarily as much better than one would expect .
And do n’t forget : Kids may happen .
They often do .
9 . Writing can be expensive .
The actual act of writing is not expensive , mind you — if one had to one could do it for free off a library computer , although few do — but everything around it adds up .
Typewriters , paper , ribbons and correcting fluid have been replaced by computers , printers , printer ink and internet access , so the sunk cost there is roughly the same as it ever was , as are the costs of sending manuscripts and correspondence , at least to the markets which still require paper submissions .
Writers who write in coffee shops and cafes pay “ rent ” in coffee and pastries ; it sounds silly , but those things ai n’t cheap when you check the tab .
Writers are gregarious and go to things like workshops and conventions and writers ’ nights at the local bar ; these are n’t required costs but they are desirable activities and they cost money to attend ( even if it ’s just to get an overpriced beer ) .
Do all these things mean writers are more susceptible than other trades / professions to encounter serious financial issues ?
Not necessarily ; folks in other creative fields ( acting , music , art , dance ) have the same set of practical and lifestyle challenges , and while the challenges of other lines of work will vary , they ’re still there – hell , even doctors and lawyers find themselves saddled first with huge amounts of debt and then with some impressive overhead to keep their practices going .
Pick a profession — there ’s lots of ways to get yourself in financial hot water doing it .
However , there is one thing that can make it appear that writers as a class are in more financial trouble than other folks , regardless of whether or not it ’s true :
10 . Writers write about their situations .
Because they ’re writers , you see .
Writing is what they do .
And lots of writers feel the need to share their financial situations with an audience , to a greater or lesser degree .
Why ?
Because ( again , pick one or more ) writing helps writers think through their situation ; writing is therapy ; ﻿writers feel an obligation to share ; writers are hoping for sympathy , encouragement and possibly solutions ﻿ or even help .
Whatever their reasons , it should n’t be very surprising that you ’ll more than occasionally read an author lay out his or her financial woes , and ( yes ) do it in an interesting and engaging style that sticks in your head more than , say , a similar blog post by a janitor might .
It ’s an interesting curse , you might say .
So those are some reasons writers might be having a hard time of it right now — and why it might seem they ’re having a harder time than some others .
Dubai ’s move to suspend payments on its Dubai World conglomerate ’s debt was planned and done in full knowledge of how the markets would react , Shaikh Ahmed said .
“ Our intervention in Dubai World was carefully planned and reflects its specific financial position , ” Shaikh Ahmad Bin Saeed Al Maktoum , Chairman of the Supreme Fiscal Committee , and President of the Dubai Civil Aviation Authority and chairman and chief executive of Emirates Airline and Group said in a statement .
“ The government is spearheading the restructuring of this commercial operation in the full knowledge of how the markets would react .
We understand the concerns of the market and the creditors in particular .
“ However we have had to intervene because of the need to take decisive action to address its particular debt burden . ”
Dubai ’s government rattled financial markets on Wednesday when it said it would ask creditors of Dubai World for a debt moratorium of at least six months .
Ratings agency Standard and Poor ’s described this as a default .
Global stock markets fell sharply on the news , with European exchanges particularly hard hit .
Paris and Milan each plunged by more than three percent in afternoon trading on Thursday .
Shaikh Ahmed said “ we want to ensure resources are deployed in the full knowledge that they are used to enhance the businesses of the Dubai World Group , build on the restructuring that has already been taking place and ensure long term commercial success .
“ Further information will be made available early next week . ”
However , Shaikh Ahmed insisted that “ unprecedented growth , in Dubai and across the UAE , over the past decade has helped lay the foundation for what is now a broad - based sustainable economy beyond just natural resources . ”
“ Like most global cities , Dubai has experienced its share of economic and social challenges in this global downturn , ’ Shaikh Ahmed said .
“ No market is immune from economic issues .
This is a sensible business decision . ”
President Obama ’s headed to Copenhagen next month to talk climate change .
Al Gore ’s headed toward profits that could make him the world ’s first " carbon billionaire . "
But where ’s global temperature headed ?
Nowhere , it seems .
The most reliable readings of the Earth ’s temperature show that it peaked back in 1998 .
This was not widely reported in America , where the state of science reporting is dismal .
But over in England , where they take that sort of thing more seriously , the British Broadcasting Corp. created quite a stir with an article headlined " What Happened to Global Warming ? "
In it , BBC climate correspondent Paul Hudson gave a summary of the problems facing the alarmists : " For the last 11 years , we have not observed any increase in global temperatures .
And our climate models did not forecast it , even though man-made carbon dioxide , the gas thought to be responsible for warming our planet , has continued to rise . "
Hudson went on to cite numerous scientists skeptical of the theory of anthropogenic global warming .
But perhaps the most damning observation came from a scientist who supports the theory .
Mojib Latif is a member of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change , the group that set the panic off with its 1996 report on global warming .
According to Hudson , Latif concedes " that we may indeed be in a period of cooling worldwide temperatures that could last another 10 - 20 years . "
Hmmm .
Ten to 20 years is what I would call " the near future . "
Did n’t a certain former vice president of the United States win a Nobel Prize by pushing a movie that told us that the melting of the polar ice would cause sea levels to rise by up to 20 feet " in the near future ? "
Perhaps Al Gore was talking about a different future , one in which he gets rich off the panic he helped create .
If the Senate passes that cap - and - trade bill that ’s now before it , Gore stands to make a fortune through his stake in the investment firm he set up with former Goldman - Sachs exec David Blood to deal in carbon credits .
So there ’s a lot at stake in that Senate decision for the firm known to Wall Street wags as " Blood and Gore . "
There ’s even more at stake for consumers whose bills would go up by billions .
As for those senators , they ’ll look pretty foolish if they pass a bill to curb global warming just as we enter a cooling trend .
And Donald Easterbrook warns that is a distinct possibility .
Easterbrook is a professor at Western Washington University who was quoted in that BBC article .
When I called him at his home outside Seattle , Easterbrook informed me that we have just experienced the third coldest October in the past 115 years .
There ’s probably more cold to come , he said , and the amount of carbon dioxide in the climate will have little effect on it one way or the other .
The reason ?
Contrary to popular belief , there just is n’t that much of it in the atmosphere .
" For every 100,000 molecules of air , only 38 are carbon dioxide , " Easterbrook said .
The global - warming crowd likes to say that CO 2 levels have risen 35 percent in the industrial era .
" But 35 percent of nothing is still nothing , " says Easterbrook , and the increase in CO 2 has virtually no effect .
The alarmists harp on that infinitesimal increase , he says , while they ignore the most prevalent greenhouse gas of them all — water vapor .
Clouds reflect sunlight back into the sky .
And that is at the center of a developing dispute among scientists .
Easterbrook is on the side of a Danish scientist named Henrik Svensmark .
In the 1990s , Svensmark developed a theory that links cloud formation to sunspots .
When the number of sunspots is low , more cosmic rays get through to the atmosphere .
And these rays , Svensmark theorizes , are the primary cause of cloud formation .
The clouds reflect more sunlight back into space .
Earth gets colder .
This fits in nicely with Easterbrook ’s specialty , which is how ocean currents affect climate .
" It turns out there is a correlation between ocean cycles and sunspots , " he told me .
And the historical record shows many climate shifts that correspond to sunspot activity .
" There were 6,000 feet of ice here that all melted very suddenly 15,000 years ago , " Easterbrook said of his neck of the woods in the Pacific Northwest .
" There have been big ups and downs throughout history .
How do you explain them ? "
Well , if you want to control people ’s lives and / or make a lot of money , you explain them the way a lot of politicians do .
As for the scientists , they ’re divided .
Most agree that , all things being equal , it would be better for man not to alter the atmosphere at all .
But that ’s an entirely separate question from just what effect that alteration will have on the climate .
And the answer to that question is : Nobody ’s quite certain .
Except , of course , Al Gore .
Researchers have found that they can make people move in slow motion by boosting one type of brain wave .
The findings offer some of the first proof that brain waves can have a direct influence on behavior , according to the researchers , who report their findings online on October 1 in Current Biology .
" At last we have some direct experimental proof that brain waves influence behavior in humans , in this case how fast a movement is performed , " said Peter Brown of University College London .
" The implication is that it is not just how active brain cells are that is important , but also how they couple their activity into patterns like beta activity . "
There are many types of brain waves , distinguished by their frequency and location , Brown explained .
In the new study , the researchers injected a small electrical current into the brain through the scalps of fourteen people while the participants manipulated the position of a spot on a computer screen as quickly as they could with a joystick .
The electrical current used increased normal beta activity , a wave that earlier studies linked to sustained muscle activities , such as holding a book .
Beta activity drops before people make a move .
Unlike most previous work , which used constant brain stimulation , the new study employed an oscillating current , more like that underlying normal brain activity .
As a result , people 's fastest times on the computer task were 10 percent slower .
Brown said the researchers were surprised that the electrical currents used in the study — which were very small and imperceptible to the participants — could have such a measurable effect .
The current findings provide the first interventional evidence of a causal link between increased beta synchrony and the slowing of voluntary movement in otherwise healthy individuals , the researchers report , noting that earlier studies have shown altered brain waves to influence memory .
In addition to the new insight into normal brain function , the results might have implications for treating conditions characterized by either uncontrolled or slowed movements .
" If we know what patterns of brain activity slow voluntary movement , then we can try and boost these patterns in conditions like chorea and dystonia , where there is excessive and uncontrolled movement , " Brown said .
" Conversely , we can try and suppress beta activity in conditions like Parkinson 's disease typified by slow movement . "
The authors include Alek Pogosyan , Louise Doyle Gaynor , Alexandre Eusebio , and Peter Brown , of the Sobell Department of Motor Neuroscience and Movement Disorders , Institute of Neurology , University College London , London , UK .
Create well - formed XML and schema efficiently
Most companies , both large and small still use XML , even if JSON has overtaken it in popularity .
However , many are using it , for example to exchange data , or have configuration files that can contain comments ( unlike JSON ) .
Whatever your reason for using XML , Rider contains many great XML features that enable you to work with it more efficiently .
In this blog post , we ’ll look at using Rider to create and maintain perfectly well - formed XML , schemas , and more .
Fortunately for us , Rider contains many great XML features that enable you to work with it more efficiently .
In this blog post , we ’ll loo
BEREA , Ohio --
If LeBron James truly believes he can help the Cleveland Browns , coach Eric Mangini has an orange helmet waiting for him .
" I think he should come on down , " Mangini said , smiling .
" I know he 's pretty busy right now , but if he wants to give it a shot , the guy is gifted .
He 's competitive and tough .
I 'm sure whatever he applied himself to , he 'd probably be good in baseball or soccer or swimming . "
The NBA superstar , who was an all - state wide receiver in high school , said Tuesday night that if he put the time and commitment into it , he could be a good football player .
" If I put all my time and commitment into it , if I dedicated myself to the game of football , I could be really good , " he said Tuesday night , " no matter what team I was on . "
Mangini agreed , calling James " a freak athletically , " and said the 6 - foot - 8 , 250 - pounder could be dangerous at tight end , wide receiver or even outside linebacker .
When the gist of Mangini 's comments was relayed to James , he smiled -- but did n't take the bait .
" I had what I had to say , and that was it , " James said before his Cavaliers played at the Washington Wizards on Wednesday night .
Quarterback Brady Quinn also heard about James ' football interest .
He would love to have a target like James to throw to in the red zone .
" That 'd be great , " Quinn said .
" Tell him to suit up and let us know , we 'll get him working .
Obviously he's an incredibly talented athlete .
If he wants to try to play a little bit now , we'd be more than willing to pick him up . "
about me and my carnivore
I married a carnivore .
Seriously - the man would eat only red meat if I let him .
I , however , am a vegetarian .
This blog is dedicated to helping all those blended families like ours out there .
We have learned through trial and error how to eat dinner together every night .
It takes some planning and some work , but in the end we get to enjoy well balanced meals together .
So , if you have a teen who just went away to college and came home to tell you he no longer eats meat , but everyone else still does , this blog is for you .
Or , if your brother just brought home a woman who he says is the love of his life , but she eats meat and you do not , this will help you learn what to cook at family gatherings .
This is not a vegetarian only site .
It is written by one though .
It is also not for people who are opposed to cooking meat in the house .
This is for people who are trying to coexist .
So in that vein , I have created this blog with marvelous main dishes that everyone will love , super side dishes that will help sneak vitamins into your carnivore , and delicious desserts to wrap it all up .
I have also included some of our favorite breakfast items and great gadgets I love to use while I am experimenting in the kitchen .
Nothing I cook is super fancy or complicated .
It is real world cooking for real families .
DIY Secret Knock Detector Grants Entry With The Right Cadence
DIYer Steve Hoefer has been hard at work making every six - year - old ’s dream come true : A device that unlocks your door whenever someone seeking entry taps out the secret knock .
His device , which fits easily over the inside of your doorknob and lock , counts the time between successive knocks and can be reprogrammed to whatever knock - pattern you see fit .
If the wrong series of knocks is tapped out , the device simply ignores it and waits for the appropriate pattern to allow entrance .
Hit up Steve Hoefer ’s weblog Grathio for the full tutorial , or just stick to opening your doors by keyfob instead .
Physical keys are so 2008 .
Secret Knock Detecting Door Lock [ Grathio via Make ]
The Dissection : A Home Electric Meter
A peek inside the simple gears and complicated math that make up one of the coolest devices in your house
What happens to the brain if you spend 44,000 hours in focused meditation ?
This is a question Richard Davidson and his neuroscience team asked .
To answer it , they took experienced Tibetan monks to their lab at the University of Wisconsin , and took various scans of their brains .
Is the Buddhist brain fundamentally different than the average ?
Types of meditation
Buddhism includes various types of meditation , which can be grouped into three main categories : focused attention , where the aim is to focus on one object or sensation , to the exclusion of everything else ; open monitoring , where the aim is to increase awareness of all perceptions , without focusing on anything in particular ; and compassion meditation , where the goal is to produce an overwhelming and unconditional mental state of kindness to all things .
These all have different effects on the Buddhist brain , as we ’ll see .
Obligatory meditation image .
( Johan Stigwall )
Focused Attention
As would be expected , focused attention meditation increases activation in the brain areas implicated in the control and regulation of attention , such as the prefrontal cortex .
The activation is higher in meditators with more experience , up to a point of about 19,000 hours practice .
After 44,000 practice , there is an initial increase in activation , followed by a return to baseline .
This means that after extensive training , it takes little effort for the attention to be controlled .
There are also differences in another brain area – the amygdala .
This is an older part of the brain involved in emotion .
Expert meditators have less amygdala activation than novices in response to emotional sounds .
While sat in the MRI , novice and expert meditators were bombarded with distracting , emotionally provoking noises , such as a baby crying .
Novices react to it , but while experts do hear the sound , they do n’t react to it .
They are less emotionally reactive to external events , and can hold their concentration in situations where in anyone else , the amygdala would be firing up so strongly that they would be powerless to resist its goal of redirecting their attention .
Open Monitoring
The overall effect of open monitoring is that the meditator is able to attend to all the stimuli coming at them , without getting ‘ stuck ’ on anything .
They can just sit back and watch it all , or engage and disengage their attention as they please .
When under an EEG scan , the meditators were able to increase the gamma - band oscillations in their brain ; these are usually quite weak , and difficult to detect .
Gamma bands are important in attention and perception , but also in the transmission and integration of information across the brain .
It is thought that this type of activity helps to integrate distributed neural processes into more ordered functions .
There was also a change in the gamma bands when the monks were n’t meditating ; showing that the ‘ default ’ setting had been altered .
Compassion Meditation
This type of meditation involves deliberately generating a state of unconditional compassion and kindness towards all beings , that saturates the whole mind .
This is said to create more spontaneous acts of altruism in the meditator .
This was studied through fMRI scans .
After thousands of hours of compassion meditation , the expert meditators were able to increase their empathic response to other peoples ’ social signals .
The brain area involved ( the insula ) is thicker in expert meditators than novices , and there was also greater activation in the areas associated with reading others ’ mental states .
In other words , by systematically creating a concern for others , the meditators are better able to process the emotions of others .
These have been quite revolutionary findings in neuroscience , showing that things like attention can be trained and develop , where previously they had been thought to be relatively fixed .
Recommended Reading :
Adolfo Ich Xaman ( in middle ) murdered by company goons .
Story and photo essay by James Rodríguez , Barrio La Union , El Estor , Izabal , Guatemala
September 28 , 2009 -- MiMundo.org --
( Unless indicated , all photographs were taken in June 2009 . )
As a result of a frustrated eviction attempt in the community of Las Nubes in El Estor , Izabal , Adolfo Ich Xaman ( middle in photograph above ) was brutally shot and killed by private security guards subcontracted by the Guatemalan Nickel Company ( CGN ) , local subsidiary of HudBay Minerals Inc. , a Canadian mining company .
Mr. Ich Xaman was chairperson of the Community Committee for Development ( COCODE ) of the nearby Barrio La Union community , a primary school teacher , and brother - in - law of Ramiro Choc , a high - profile imprisoned Indigenous and peasant leader .
During the attack , the following men were also shot and injured : Samuel Coc , Ricardo Tec , Alfredo Xi , Haroldo Cucul ( left in the photograph ) , Alejandro Acté , Luciano Choc , Hector Choc and Guzman Chub .
According to a National Front for Struggle ( Frente Nacional de Lucha in Spanish ) communiqué , the events occurred as follows :
On the morning of Sunday , September 27th , 2009 , the Departmental Governor , Luz Maribel Ramos , presented herself at the community of Las Nubes without previous warning .
A pair of Civil National Police officers and approximately 20 private security agents subcontracted to CGN accompanied the Governess .
Maribel Ramos claimed to represent the Government and ordered the community members to immediately vacate the area .
According to local witnesses , she stated : “ You do not pay taxes .
CGN does . ”
The Governess did not have an official eviction order nor any other document issued by a judge .
Therefore , her orders lacked legal backing .
Community members argued that CGN had failed to fulfill any of the previously accorded agreements set by previous negotiations .
In the midst of such argument , community members of the neighboring Barrio La Union arrived and offered their solidarity .
The Governess left the premises along with her entourage .
Residents of Las Nubes and La Union then initiated a walk towards El Estor so as to denounce the illegal eviction attempt to local municipal authorities , to the Human Rights Ombudsman ’s office [ PDH in Spanish ] , and to gather more support from other local groups .
However , they never arrived to their destination .
Upon arriving to the community of El Chupon , the group of nine men was ambushed by CGN ’s private security agents under the orders of Mynor Bonilla and an engineer identified as Otto .
Adolfo Ich Xaman , a primary school teacher , was killed as a result of such savage aggression .
Hours after the attack and well into the evening , officers from the public prosecutor ’s office [ Ministerio Publico in Spanish ] had still not arrived .
Haroldo Cucul , right , during an eviction by CGN in January 8 , 2007 .
The community of Barrio La Union suffered three violent evictions at the hands of CGN in 2006 and 2007 , including the one of January 8 , 2007 ( photograph above ) .
The land struggle between Maya Q'eqchi ' communities and the Canadian mining company has unleashed a severe and extremely worrisome conflict in the region .
For more information on the conflict and problems caused by the reactivation of the former Exmibal nickel mine , known today as the Fenix project , please view and read the following photo essays :
The Eternal Struggle for Land
Eviction Day
Canadian Mining Company Orders Eviction of Indigenous Communities
Barrio La Revolucion Burns
Eviction Despite Dubious Legal Status
Canadian Ambassador to Guatemala Spreads Misinformation About Mining Issues
We Are Not Squatters , We Are Natives of Guatemala
El Estor Evictions : 6 Months Later
Lake Izabal : Majestic Life Source Flowing Towards its Death
Mining Resistance Continues in El Estor : Barrio La Union
In June 2009 , MiMundo.org visited Barrio La Unión and was pleasantly surprised to see how the community had grown and how well they had been using the lands that the mining company wishes to claim for its own use .
The following photographs document the visit to the community , approximately three months ago .
Nevertheless , in a meeting with the two main community leaders , Adolfo Xaman ( RIP ) and Haroldo Cucul , I was given a document that stated :
We , the people of Barrio La Unión , in El Estor , Department of Izabal , express our concern over the current situation and call the attention of the President and members of Congress to the violation of our indigenous rights , which are protected under Convention 169 of the International Labor Organization .
We are a community of 200 families who have settled on a piece of land that is said to belong to the Guatemalan Nickel Company .
The place where we established our community was abandoned when we arrived .
CGN began to pressure us and it has been able to do as it pleases -- carrying out illegal evictions , destroying our homes – while no one from the local authorities or any organization has taken any action .
No one said anything when we were violently evicted , nor did anyone come to our defense .
We have been treated inhumanely .
Here , families living in poverty do not have even a small plot of land to call their own where they can build a roof over their heads and pass their days and night with their children in dignity .
Our community has many necessities that our authorities must verify .
We have widows in need of support , malnourished children , land titles that must be legalized promptly , lack of potable water , dirt roads , lack of electricity .
As of mid-2007 , and throughout the following two years , CGN changed its posture and pushed for participation in so - called “ dialogue tables ” .
Violent evictions and harassment of local leaders from surrounding Maya Q’eqchi ’ communities ceased significantly .
Communities such as Barrio La Union , La Paz , and Barrio La Revolucion managed significant growth in terms of population and agricultural production .
Nevertheless , the Indigenous communities also began to seriously doubt the true intentions behind such dialogue tables .
They strongly suspected CGN was only trying to buy time as this period coincided with a period of industrial inactivity due to well - documented financial problems faced by Canadian parent company Sky Resources .
Such financial difficulties resulted in the takeover by current majority stockholder HudBay Minerals Inc. in 2008 .
Mrs. Jesusa Ixtecoc Juarez , who courageously attempted to resist the destruction of her humble living quarters during the January 2007 evictions has managed to build and keep a small general store within Barrio La Union .
Her case is one of many that clearly displays positive results from the community ’s hard work and resistance .
Appropriately , her store is called “ La Union ” ( below )
Mrs. Jesusa Ixtecoc Juarez 's store , ``La Union '' .
A few weeks ago , on September 11 , community leaders from Barrio La Union , Barrio La Revolucion , La Pista , La Ceiba , Roberto Dala , El Chupon ( all in the municipality of El Estor , Izabal ) , as well as from La Paz , Quebrada Seca , San Julian Vista Hermosa and Chacpayla Lote 8 ( all in the municipality of Panzos , Alta Verapaz ) , released an uncompromising communiqué declaring their unity against CGN , in which they stated :
The meetings during the so - called Dialogue Tables with CGN have not yielded any positive results , as most of the accepted measures by CGN having to do with the ownership of land have not been respected .
These futile discussions have only delayed the legal processes …
We do not accept any more Dialogue Tables …
We demand that the mining company leave our territories in a peaceful manner immediately …
In case the company does not comply with our demands stated in this document , we will have to take drastic measures to make sure it does .
The full communiqué can be found here ( in Spanish only ) .
Only 17 days after the release of the communiqué , violent events were carried out in El Estor which culminated with the death of Adolfo Ich Xaman and the hospitalisation of eight more .
Furthermore , a day after the events in El Estor , Rights Action had coincidentally scheduled a disaster prevention workshop in Coban , Alta Verapaz , that included several local leaders from most of the previously mentioned communities .
At a place , known as the Devil 's Corner , on the road between La Tinta and Tucuru , men armed with machine guns opened fire on the mini- bus from all sides .
Nine men were admitted with bullet wounds and , according to Rights Action , Martin Choc , auxiliary mayor of the “ Lote 8 ” community ( another of the communities evicted violently on January 2007 ) , had been killed .
Adolfo Ich Xaman ( RIP ) and Haroldo Cucul during the 30th anniversary of the Committee for Peasant Unity ( CUC ) , April 2008 .
For more information , see ``Recent killings linked to Canadian - owned nickel mine in Guatemala ' ' , by Dawn Paley .
Versión en español aquí .
We 've been looking at other planets through telescopes for four centuries .
But if you really want to get to know a place , there 's no substitute for being there .
And in the past decade , more than 20 spacecraft have ventured into the deepest reaches of our solar system .
These probes , unlike the Hubble Space Telescope and other observatories that merely orbit Earth , have actually traveled to other planets and approached the Sun , sending back pictures that humble or awe , even as they advance astronomers ' understanding of our corner of the universe .
" The past decade has been spectacular in terms of achievements , " says Sean Solomon , an astronomer at the Carnegie Institution of Washington and a leader of recent missions to Mercury and Mars .
Last year , NASA 's Messenger mission gave us the first up - close view of parts of Mercury , the planet closest to the Sun .
The spacecraft has found extensive ridges along the planet 's surface , made as it cooled and shrank over its four billion years .
Messenger should nestle into an orbit around Mercury in 2011 and continue to study the planet 's geology and magnetic fields .
More missions — 19 since the 1960s — have made it to Mars than any other planet , and it 's the only one whose surface we 've explored with robots .
NASA 's Sojourner rover rolled along there for three months in 1997 ; Phoenix performed direct experiments on soil samples during five months in 2008 .
The superstars of planetary exploration are the Spirit and Opportunity rovers ; Spirit analyzed the Martian surface for six years before falling silent , and Opportunity is still sending us data .
Thanks to all these efforts , we now know that Mars once had seas and rivers and there 's ice there today .
In the nine years before it lost contact in 2006 , the Mars Global Surveyor satellite detected many changes on the red planet , including two gullies apparently formed by gushing water .
NASA 's Galileo mission to Jupiter , focusing on the four moons that the Italian astronomer discovered 400 years ago , observed an atmosphere on Europa , ice at the poles and possibly an underground ocean .
Callisto , too , may have a liquid ocean .
Ganymede has a magnetic field , and Io sizzles with lava that reaches 3,140 degrees Fahrenheit .
After the spacecraft ran out of fuel in 2003 , engineers sent it crashing into the planet , and Galileo went out in a blaze of observations .
For breathtaking beauty , no mission can compete with Cassini , which is run by the United States with contributions from 16 other nations .
Zipping around Saturn and its moons since 2004 , Cassini has detected odd spirals in Saturn 's rings and a surprising amount of geologic activity on its moons .
Titan , the largest ( bigger even than Mercury ) , has lakes of supercool methane and slushy eruptions of a water - ammonia mix .
Enceladus is riddled with geysers so powerful they feed matter into Saturn 's rings .
Rhea may have its own rings .
Saturn is practically a solar system unto itself .
Pluto may not count as a planet anymore , but it has its own mission : NASA 's New Horizons , now en route and expected to arrive in 2015 .
Laura Helmuth is a senior editor at Smithsonian .
TechCrunch is hearing some veeeeeery interesting talk about a true Google Phone : Not just an Android device , but a phone designed top - to - bottom by Google to fulfill their dream of exactly what Android can be .
It 's a resilient rumor .
Advertisement
We 've heard rumors like this before , but this time there are a few distinct elements that seem credible , maybe even enough to make us rethink our previous position .
We 're basing this all on Michael Arrington 's sources — his article is a bit vague , but points to an outsider - made but Google - dictated device , sort of like how Microsoft 's first Zune was actually made by Toshiba — and in the case of the Google Phone , there are a couple options for the possible manufacturer .
The obvious choice is HTC , who 's been the major hardware manufacturer of Android devices , but TechCrunch hears that the source of the hardware will be Korean , not Taiwanese , which likely points to either Samsung or LG .
Advertisement
Samsung has a long - standing relationship with Apple , supplying tons of parts for the iPhone , so maybe LG would step up to the plate and develop this phantom device .
LG's no stranger to Android , but has been a minor player up to this point — maybe they 've been working on this mysterious Google Phone in the meantime , which is supposedly aiming for an early 2010 release .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Right now , we do n't know much of anything , so we 're reaching out to you guys — if you 've heard anything about a possible Google Phone , please shoot us an email .
[ TechCrunch ]
FEATURED CONTENT
Hook up tonight !
Do n't waste your time dating when you can cut straight to the chase .
Check out the world 's best online hookup sites with millions of people looking for one thing .
What are you waiting for ?
Fitness Models Bullz - Eye.com interviews well - known fitness models to get their insights on training methods and nutrition .
Kenya Hara On Japanese Aesthetics
What makes Japanese design so special ?
Basically , it ’s a matter of simplicity ; a particular notion of simplicity , different from what simplicity means in the West .
So are things in general better designed in Japan ?
Well , actually , it ’s not that simple …
The New York Times asked us to put them in touch with Kenya Hara , creative director of MUJI and professor at the Musashino Art University .
The NYT wanted to know whether everything in Japan was designed as well as the famous bento boxes .
Mr Hara gave an answer worth reading and contemplating .
The text in the New York Times was shortened down to fit their format .
We are proud to be able to provide the full text in English and Japanese .
Why does it seem like Japan is more attuned to the appreciation of beauty ?
Do the Japanese value the aesthetic component and experience more than other places ?
Are things in general better designed in Japan ?
When coming back to Tokyo from abroad , my first impression usually is : what a dull airport !
And yet it ’s clean , neat and the floors deeply polished .
To the Japanese eye , there ’s a particular sense of beauty in the work of the cleaning staff .
It ’s in the craftman ’s spirit — “ shokunin kishitsu ” — which applies to all Japanese professionals , be they street construction workers , electricians or cooks .
A Japanese cleaning team finds satisfaction in diligently doing their job .
The better they do it the more satisfaction they get out of it .
The craftman ’s spirit , I think , imbues people with a sense of beauty , as in elaboration , delicacy , care , simplicity ( words I often use ) .
Obviously , this also applies to bento - making and the pride people take in making them as beautiful as they can .
There is a similar craftman ’s spirit ( “ shokunin kishitsu ” or “ shokunin katagi ” ) in Europe .
Yet in Europe I can see it coming alive only from a certain level of sophistication .
In Japan , even ordinary jobs such as cleaning and cooking are filled with this craftman ’s spirit .
It is common sense in Japan .
While Japanese are known for their particular aesthetic sense , I would say we also have an incapacity to see ugliness .
How come ?
We usually focus fully on what ’s right in front of our eyes .
We tend to ignore the horrible , especially if it is not an integral part of our personal perspective .
We ignore that our cities are a chaotic mess , filled with ugly architecture and nasty signage .
And so you have the situation where a Japanese worker will open a beautiful bento box in a stale conference room or on a horrendous , crowded sidewalk .
Are things in general better designed in Japan ?
A central aesthetic principle in Japan is simplicity , but it is different from simplicity in the West .
Let me explain the difference by comparing cooking knives .
For example , the knives made by the German company Henckels are well crafted and easy to use because they are highly ergonomic .
The thumb automatically finds its place when you grab the knife .
Japanese cooks who have special skills prefer knives without any ergonomic shape .
A flat handle is not seen as raw or poorly crafted .
On the contrary , its perfect plainness is meant to say , “ You can use me whichever way suits your skills ” .
The Japanese knife adapts to the cook ’s skill ( not to the cook ’s thumb ) .
This is , in a nutshell , Japanese simplicity .
The knife ’s simple shape is not seen as poor or raw .
Beauty beyond fanciness is an aesthetic principle that is sleeping at the bottom of Japanese perception .
It ’s also a guiding principle to Japanese high tech architecture , and the minimal products of Muji .
Applied to the bento this simply means : do n’t try to be fancy ; do n’t overdo it .
A beautiful bento is done using seasonal ingredients ; it is done quickly and easily .
Original Japanese Text
日本には優れた美的センスとそれを尊重する雰囲気があるように思えますが、これはなぜでしょうか?
日本人は美的な要素や体験を他の国の人々より重視するのでしょうか?
海外に出かけて、東京に帰ってきていつも思うのは、空港は野暮だが、隅々までよく掃除が行き届いてきれいだということ。床のタイルは寝転がっても服が汚れないほどピカピカだし、カーペットも丁寧に掃除されている。これは掃除人が義務としてやっているだけではない。ある美意識がそこに働いている。掃除人は自分の仕事を丁寧に完遂することに満足感を覚えているはずだ。道路工事をする人も、電気工事をする人も、料理をする人も同様だ。欧米にも、職人気質というものはあると思うが、それは一定以上の技術と精神性に対して発動されているように思われる。しかし日本の場合は、ごく普通の掃除や調理にも当てはまる。「緻密 」「繊細 」「丁寧 」 「簡潔」と、私はよく言っているが、そういう美意識が普通の人々にスタンダードに備わっている。弁当を作るにも精一杯それを美しく行なおうとする心理も同じものだと思う。
ただ、日本人は 「美に聡く、醜さに疎い」といわれるように、意識を向けた先には細心の注意を払うが、個人の美意識では把捉できない巨大な醜さを見逃し放置する傾向がある。だから、都市は混沌とし、醜い建築や看板が街に横溢しても、見て見ぬふりをしている。だから、美しい弁当を殺風景なオフィスの会議室や、猥雑な街頭のベンチなどで広げて食べているのも日本の特徴的な光景と言えるだろう。
日本で は( 意匠的に )良いデザインのプロダクトというのはごく一般的なのでしょうか?
日本人は一般的に簡素を好む。日本の簡素さは西洋のシンプルとは異なる。近代の到来から300年ほど前に、日本は独自の簡素さを旨とする美を発見し、身につけてきた。
二つの調理用の包丁をご覧いただきたい。一つはドイツのヘンケル製。人間工学的によく出来ていて大変使いやすい。これが西洋流のシンプル。握ると自然に親指の位置も決まる。しかし、超絶技術を持つ日本料理の板前はグリップに凹凸のない包丁を使う。平板な把手は貧しさや未成熟ではない。むしろその逆である。どこを持ってもよいという完全なプレーンさが、板前のあらゆる技術を受け入れる豊かさになる。これが日本流の簡素さだ。
簡素でありながらもそれが貧しさにはならず、むしろゴージャスさを凌駕する美につながる。そういう美意識が日本人の感覚の奥底に眠っている。それが日本の建築やハイテク技術、そして無印良品などのミニマルなプロダクツの背景をなすものだ。弁当も、決して凝りすぎてはいけない。旬の素材を簡単に調理し、手早く美しく作る点が肝要である。
PANZANELLA CAPRESE [ email protected ]
Recipes +
Menus
By adding the fresh mozzarella and basil of a Caprese salad to the croutons and ripe tomatoes of a panzanella salad , this recipe combines two Italian classics into one terrific dish .
… [ Continue Reading ... ]
By Richard Dawkins
In September 1997 , I allowed an Australian film crew into my house in Oxford without realising that their purpose was creationist propaganda .
In the course of a suspiciously amateurish interview , they issued a truculent challenge to me to “ give an example of a genetic mutation or an evolutionary process which can be seen to increase the information in the genome . ”
It is the kind of question only a creationist would ask in that way , and it was at this point I tumbled to the fact that I had been duped into granting an interview to creationists – a thing I normally do n’t do , for good reasons .
In my anger I refused to discuss the question further , and told them to stop the camera .
However , I eventually withdrew my peremptory termination of the interview as a whole .
This was solely because they pleaded with me that they had come all the way from Australia specifically in order to interview me .
Even if this was a considerable exaggeration , it seemed , on reflection , ungenerous to tear up the legal release form and throw them out .
I therefore relented .
My generosity was rewarded in a fashion that anyone familiar with fundamentalist tactics might have predicted .
When I eventually saw the film a year later 1 , I found that it had been edited to give the false impression that I was incapable of answering the question about information content 2 .
In fairness , this may not have been quite as intentionally deceitful as it sounds .
You have to understand that these people really believe that their question cannot be answered !
Pathetic as it sounds , their entire journey from Australia seems to have been a quest to film an evolutionist failing to answer it .
With hindsight – given that I had been suckered into admitting them into my house in the first place – it might have been wiser simply to answer the question .
But I like to be understood whenever I open my mouth – I have a horror of blinding people with science – and this was not a question that could be answered in a soundbite .
First you first have to explain the technical meaning of “ information ” .
Then the relevance to evolution , too , is complicated – not really difficult but it takes time .
Rather than engage now in further recriminations and disputes about exactly what happened at the time of the interview ( for , to be fair , I should say that the Australian producer ’s memory of events seems to differ from mine ) , I shall try to redress the matter now in constructive fashion by answering the original question , the “ Information Challenge ” , at adequate length – the sort of length you can achieve in a proper article .
Information
The technical definition of “ information ” was introduced by the American engineer Claude Shannon in 1948 .
An employee of the Bell Telephone Company , Shannon was concerned to measure information as an economic commodity .
It is costly to send messages along a telephone line .
Much of what passes in a message is not information : it is redundant .
You could save money by recoding the message to remove the redundancy .
Redundancy was a second technical term introduced by Shannon , as the inverse of information .
Both definitions were mathematical , but we can convey Shannon ’s intuitive meaning in words .
Redundancy is any part of a message that is not informative , either because the recipient already knows it ( is not surprised by it ) or because it duplicates other parts of the message .
In the sentence “ Rover is a poodle dog ” , the word “ dog ” is redundant because “ poodle ” already tells us that Rover is a dog .
An economical telegram would omit it , thereby increasing the informative proportion of the message .
“ Arr JFK Fri pm pls mt BA Cncrd flt ” carries the same information as the much longer , but more redundant , “ I ’ll be arriving at John F Kennedy airport on Friday evening ; please meet the British Airways Concorde flight ” .
Obviously the brief , telegraphic message is cheaper to send ( although the recipient may have to work harder to decipher it – redundancy has its virtues if we forget economics ) .
Shannon wanted to find a mathematical way to capture the idea that any message could be broken into the information ( which is worth paying for ) , the redundancy ( which can , with economic advantage , be deleted from the message because , in effect , it can be reconstructed by the recipient ) and the noise ( which is just random rubbish ) .
“ It rained in Oxford every day this week ” carries relatively little information , because the receiver is not surprised by it .
On the other hand , “ It rained in the Sahara desert every day this week ” would be a message with high information content , well worth paying extra to send .
Shannon wanted to capture this sense of information content as “ surprise value ” .
It is related to the other sense – “ that which is not duplicated in other parts of the message ” – because repetitions lose their power to surprise .
Note that Shannon ’s definition of the quantity of information is independent of whether it is true .
The measure he came up with was ingenious and intuitively satisfying .
Let ’s estimate , he suggested , the receiver ’s ignorance or uncertainty before receiving the message , and then compare it with the receiver ’s remaining ignorance after receiving the message .
The quantity of ignorance - reduction is the information content .
Shannon ’s unit of information is the bit , short for “ binary digit ” .
One bit is defined as the amount of information needed to halve the receiver ’s prior uncertainty , however great that prior uncertainty was ( mathematical readers will notice that the bit is , therefore , a logarithmic measure ) .
In practice , you first have to find a way of measuring the prior uncertainty – that which is reduced by the information when it comes .
For particular kinds of simple message , this is easily done in terms of probabilities .
An expectant father watches the Caesarian birth of his child through a window into the operating theatre .
He ca n’t see any details , so a nurse has agreed to hold up a pink card if it is a girl , blue for a boy .
How much information is conveyed when , say , the nurse flourishes the pink card to the delighted father ?
The answer is one bit – the prior uncertainty is halved .
The father knows that a baby of some kind has been born , so his uncertainty amounts to just two possibilities – boy and girl – and they are ( for purposes of this discussion ) equal .
The pink card halves the father ’s prior uncertainty from two possibilities to one ( girl ) .
If there ’d been no pink card but a doctor had walked out of the operating theatre , shook the father ’s hand and said “ Congratulations old chap , I ’m delighted to be the first to tell you that you have a daughter ” , the information conveyed by the 17 word message would still be only one bit .
Computer information
Computer information is held in a sequence of noughts and ones .
There are only two possibilities , so each 0 or 1 can hold one bit .
The memory capacity of a computer , or the storage capacity of a disc or tape , is often measured in bits , and this is the total number of 0s or 1s that it can hold .
For some purposes , more convenient units of measurement are the byte ( 8 bits ) , the kilobyte ( 1000 bytes or 8000 bits ) , the megabyte ( a million bytes or 8 million bits ) or the gigabyte ( 1000 million bytes or 8000 million bits ) .
Notice that these figures refer to the total available capacity .
This is the maximum quantity of information that the device is capable of storing .
The actual amount of information stored is something else .
The capacity of my hard disc happens to be 4.2 gigabytes .
Of this , about 1.4 gigabytes are actually being used to store data at present .
But even this is not the true information content of the disc in Shannon ’s sense .
The true information content is smaller , because the information could be more economically stored .
You can get some idea of the true information content by using one of those ingenious compression programs like “ Stuffit ” .
Stuffit looks for redundancy in the sequence of 0s and 1s , and removes a hefty proportion of it by recoding – stripping out internal predictability .
Maximum information content would be achieved ( probably never in practice ) only if every 1 or 0 surprised us equally .
Before data is transmitted in bulk around the Internet , it is routinely compressed to reduce redundancy .
That ’s good economics .
But on the other hand it is also a good idea to keep some redundancy in messages , to help correct errors .
In a message that is totally free of redundancy , after there ’s been an error there is no means of reconstructing what was intended .
Computer codes often incorporate deliberately redundant “ parity bits ” to aid in error detection .
DNA , too , has various error - correcting procedures which depend upon redundancy .
When I come on to talk of genomes , I ’ll return to the three - way distinction between total information capacity , information capacity actually used , and true information content .
It was Shannon ’s insight that information of any kind , no matter what it means , no matter whether it is true or false , and no matter by what physical medium it is carried , can be measured in bits , and is translatable into any other medium of information .
The great biologist J B S Haldane used Shannon ’s theory to compute the number of bits of information conveyed by a worker bee to her hivemates when she “ dances ” the location of a food source ( about 3 bits to tell about the direction of the food and another 3 bits for the distance of the food ) .
In the same units , I recently calculated that I ’d need to set aside 120 megabits of laptop computer memory to store the triumphal opening chords of Richard Strauss ’s “ Also Sprach Zarathustra ” ( the “ 2001 ” theme ) which I wanted to play in the middle of a lecture about evolution .
Shannon ’s economics enable you to calculate how much modem time it ’ll cost you to e-mail the complete text of a book to a publisher in another land .
Fifty years after Shannon , the idea of information as a commodity , as measurable and interconvertible as money or energy , has come into its own .
DNA information
DNA carries information in a very computer - like way , and we can measure the genome ’s capacity in bits too , if we wish .
DNA does n’t use a binary code , but a quaternary one .
Whereas the unit of information in the computer is a 1 or a 0 , the unit in DNA can be T , A , C or G .
If I tell you that a particular location in a DNA sequence is a T , how much information is conveyed from me to you ?
Begin by measuring the prior uncertainty .
How many possibilities are open before the message “ T ” arrives ?
Four .
How many possibilities remain after it has arrived ?
One .
So you might think the information transferred is four bits , but actually it is two .
Here ’s why ( assuming that the four letters are equally probable , like the four suits in a pack of cards ) .
Remember that Shannon ’s metric is concerned with the most economical way of conveying the message .
Think of it as the number of yes / no questions that you ’d have to ask in order to narrow down to certainty , from an initial uncertainty of four possibilities , assuming that you planned your questions in the most economical way .
“ Is the mystery letter before D in the alphabet ? ” No .
That narrows it down to T or G , and now we need only one more question to clinch it .
So , by this method of measuring , each “ letter ” of the DNA has an information capacity of 2 bits .
Whenever prior uncertainty of recipient can be expressed as a number of equiprobable alternatives N , the information content of a message which narrows those alternatives down to one is log2N ( the power to which 2 must be raised in order to yield the number of alternatives N ) .
If you pick a card , any card , from a normal pack , a statement of the identity of the card carries log252 , or 5.7 bits of information .
In other words , given a large number of guessing games , it would take 5.7 yes / no questions on average to guess the card , provided the questions are asked in the most economical way .
The first two questions might establish the suit .
( Is it red ?
Is it a diamond ? ) the remaining three or four questions would successively divide and conquer the suit ( is it a 7 or higher ?
etc. ) , finally homing in on the chosen card .
When the prior uncertainty is some mixture of alternatives that are not equiprobable , Shannon ’s formula becomes a slightly more elaborate weighted average , but it is essentially similar .
By the way , Shannon ’s weighted average is the same formula as physicists have used , since the nineteenth century , for entropy .
The point has interesting implications but I shall not pursue them here .
Information and evolution
That ’s enough background on information theory .
It is a theory which has long held a fascination for me , and I have used it in several of my research papers over the years .
Let ’s now think how we might use it to ask whether the information content of genomes increases in evolution .
First , recall the three way distinction between total information capacity , the capacity that is actually used , and the true information content when stored in the most economical way possible .
The total information capacity of the human genome is measured in gigabits .
That of the common gut bacterium Escherichia coli is measured in megabits .
We , like all other animals , are descended from an ancestor which , were it available for our study today , we ’d classify as a bacterium .
So perhaps , during the billions of years of evolution since that ancestor lived , the information capacity of our genome has gone up about three orders of magnitude ( powers of ten ) – about a thousandfold .
This is satisfyingly plausible and comforting to human dignity .
Should human dignity feel wounded , then , by the fact that the crested newt , Triturus cristatus , has a genome capacity estimated at 40 gigabits , an order of magnitude larger than the human genome ?
No , because , in any case , most of the capacity of the genome of any animal is not used to store useful information .
There are many nonfunctional pseudogenes ( see below ) and lots of repetitive nonsense , useful for forensic detectives but not translated into protein in the living cells .
The crested newt has a bigger “ hard disc ” than we have , but since the great bulk of both our hard discs is unused , we need n’t feel insulted .
Related species of newt have much smaller genomes .
Why the Creator should have played fast and loose with the genome sizes of newts in such a capricious way is a problem that creationists might like to ponder .
From an evolutionary point of view the explanation is simple ( see The Selfish Gene pp 44 - 45 and p 275 in the Second Edition ) .
Gene duplication
Evidently the total information capacity of genomes is very variable across the living kingdoms , and it must have changed greatly in evolution , presumably in both directions .
Losses of genetic material are called deletions .
New genes arise through various kinds of duplication .
This is well illustrated by haemoglobin , the complex protein molecule that transports oxygen in the blood .
Human adult haemoglobin is actually a composite of four protein chains called globins , knotted around each other .
Their detailed sequences show that the four globin chains are closely related to each other , but they are not identical .
Two of them are called alpha globins ( each a chain of 141 amino acids ) , and two are beta globins ( each a chain of 146 amino acids ) .
The genes coding for the alpha globins are on chromosome 11 ; those coding for the beta globins are on chromosome 16 .
On each of these chromosomes , there is a cluster of globin genes in a row , interspersed with some junk DNA .
The alpha cluster , on Chromosome 11 , contains seven globin genes .
Four of these are pseudogenes , versions of alpha disabled by faults in their sequence and not translated into proteins .
Two are true alpha globins , used in the adult .
The final one is called zeta and is used only in embryos .
Similarly the beta cluster , on chromosome 16 , has six genes , some of which are disabled , and one of which is used only in the embryo .
Adult haemoglobin , as we ’ve seen contains two alpha and two beta chains .
Never mind all this complexity .
Here ’s the fascinating point .
Careful letter - by - letter analysis shows that these different kinds of globin genes are literally cousins of each other , literally members of a family .
But these distant cousins still coexist inside our own genome , and that of all vertebrates .
On the scale of a whole organism , the vertebrates are our cousins too .
The tree of vertebrate evolution is the family tree we are all familiar with , its branch - points representing speciation events – the splitting of species into pairs of daughter species .
But there is another family tree occupying the same timescale , whose branches represent not speciation events but gene duplication events within genomes .
The dozen or so different globins inside you are descended from an ancient globin gene which , in a remote ancestor who lived about half a billion years ago , duplicated , after which both copies stayed in the genome .
There were then two copies of it , in different parts of the genome of all descendant animals .
One copy was destined to give rise to the alpha cluster ( on what would eventually become Chromosome 11 in our genome ) , the other to the beta cluster ( on Chromosome 16 ) .
As the aeons passed , there were further duplications ( and doubtless some deletions as well ) .
Around 400 million years ago the ancestral alpha gene duplicated again , but this time the two copies remained near neighbours of each other , in a cluster on the same chromosome .
One of them was destined to become the zeta of our embryos , the other became the alpha globin genes of adult humans ( other branches gave rise to the nonfunctional pseudogenes I mentioned ) .
It was a similar story along the beta branch of the family , but with duplications at other moments in geological history .
Now here ’s an equally fascinating point .
Given that the split between the alpha cluster and the beta cluster took place 500 million years ago , it will of course not be just our human genomes that show the split – possess alpha genes in a different part of the genome from beta genes .
We should see the same within - genome split if we look at any other mammals , at birds , reptiles , amphibians and bony fish , for our common ancestor with all of them lived less than 500 million years ago .
Wherever it has been investigated , this expectation has proved correct .
Our greatest hope of finding a vertebrate that does not share with us the ancient alpha / beta split would be a jawless fish like a lamprey , for they are our most remote cousins among surviving vertebrates ; they are the only surviving vertebrates whose common ancestor with the rest of the vertebrates is sufficiently ancient that it could have predated the alpha / beta split .
Sure enough , these jawless fishes are the only known vertebrates that lack the alpha / beta divide .
Gene duplication , within the genome , has a similar historic impact to species duplication ( “ speciation ” ) in phylogeny .
It is responsible for gene diversity , in the same way as speciation is responsible for phyletic diversity .
Beginning with a single universal ancestor , the magnificent diversity of life has come about through a series of branchings of new species , which eventually gave rise to the major branches of the living kingdoms and the hundreds of millions of separate species that have graced the earth .
A similar series of branchings , but this time within genomes – gene duplications – has spawned the large and diverse population of clusters of genes that constitutes the modern genome .
The story of the globins is just one among many .
Gene duplications and deletions have occurred from time to time throughout genomes .
It is by these , and similar means , that genome sizes can increase in evolution .
But remember the distinction between the total capacity of the whole genome , and the capacity of the portion that is actually used .
Recall that not all the globin genes are actually used .
Some of them , like theta in the alpha cluster of globin genes , are pseudogenes , recognizably kin to functional genes in the same genomes , but never actually translated into the action language of protein .
What is true of globins is true of most other genes .
Genomes are littered with nonfunctional pseudogenes , faulty duplicates of functional genes that do nothing , while their functional cousins ( the word does n’t even need scare quotes ) get on with their business in a different part of the same genome .
And there ’s lots more DNA that does n’t even deserve the name pseudogene .
It , too , is derived by duplication , but not duplication of functional genes .
It consists of multiple copies of junk , “ tandem repeats ” , and other nonsense which may be useful for forensic detectives but which does n’t seem to be used in the body itself .
Once again , creationists might spend some earnest time speculating on why the Creator should bother to litter genomes with untranslated pseudogenes and junk tandem repeat DNA .
Information in the genome
Can we measure the information capacity of that portion of the genome which is actually used ?
We can at least estimate it .
In the case of the human genome it is about 2 % – considerably less than the proportion of my hard disc that I have ever used since I bought it .
Presumably the equivalent figure for the crested newt is even smaller , but I do n’t know if it has been measured .
In any case , we must n’t run away with a chaunvinistic idea that the human genome somehow ought to have the largest DNA database because we are so wonderful .
The great evolutionary biologist George C Williams has pointed out that animals with complicated life cycles need to code for the development of all stages in the life cycle , but they only have one genome with which to do so .
A butterfly ’s genome has to hold the complete information needed for building a caterpillar as well as a butterfly .
A sheep liver fluke has six distinct stages in its life cycle , each specialised for a different way of life .
We should n’t feel too insulted if liver flukes turned out to have bigger genomes than we have ( actually they do n’t ) .
Remember , too , that even the total capacity of genome that is actually used is still not the same thing as the true information content in Shannon ’s sense .
The true information content is what ’s left when the redundancy has been compressed out of the message , by the theoretical equivalent of Stuffit .
There are even some viruses which seem to use a kind of Stuffit - like compression .
They make use of the fact that the RNA ( not DNA in these viruses , as it happens , but the principle is the same ) code is read in triplets .
There is a “ frame ” which moves along the RNA sequence , reading off three letters at a time .
Obviously , under normal conditions , if the frame starts reading in the wrong place ( as in a so - called frame - shift mutation ) , it makes total nonsense : the “ triplets ” that it reads are out of step with the meaningful ones .
But these splendid viruses actually exploit frame - shifted reading .
They get two messages for the price of one , by having a completely different message embedded in the very same series of letters when read frame - shifted .
In principle you could even get three messages for the price of one , but I do n’t know whether there are any examples .
Information in the body
It is one thing to estimate the total information capacity of a genome , and the amount of the genome that is actually used , but it ’s harder to estimate its true information content in the Shannon sense .
The best we can do is probably to forget about the genome itself and look at its product , the “ phenotype ” , the working body of the animal or plant itself .
In 1951 , J W S Pringle , who later became my Professor at Oxford , suggested using a Shannon - type information measure to estimate “ complexity ” .
Pringle wanted to express complexity mathematically in bits , but I have long found the following verbal form helpful in explaining his idea to students .
We have an intuitive sense that a lobster , say , is more complex ( more “ advanced ” , some might even say more “ highly evolved ” ) than another animal , perhaps a millipede .
Can we measure something in order to confirm or deny our intuition ?
Without literally turning it into bits , we can make an approximate estimation of the information contents of the two bodies as follows .
Imagine writing a book describing the lobster .
Now write another book describing the millipede down to the same level of detail .
Divide the word - count in one book by the word - count in the other , and you have an approximate estimate of the relative information content of lobster and millipede .
It is important to specify that both books describe their respective animals “ down to the same level of detail ” .
Obviously if we describe the millipede down to cellular detail , but stick to gross anatomical features in the case of the lobster , the millipede would come out ahead .
But if we do the test fairly , I ’ll bet the lobster book would come out longer than the millipede book .
It ’s a simple plausibility argument , as follows .
Both animals are made up of segments – modules of bodily architecture that are fundamentally similar to each other , arranged fore - and - aft like the trucks of a train .
The millipede ’s segments are mostly identical to each other .
The lobster ’s segments , though following the same basic plan ( each with a nervous ganglion , a pair of appendages , and so on ) are mostly different from each other .
The millipede book would consist of one chapter describing a typical segment , followed by the phrase “ Repeat N times ” where N is the number of segments .
The lobster book would need a different chapter for each segment .
This is n’t quite fair on the millipede , whose front and rear end segments are a bit different from the rest .
But I ’d still bet that , if anyone bothered to do the experiment , the estimate of lobster information content would come out substantially greater than the estimate of millipede information content .
It ’s not of direct evolutionary interest to compare a lobster with a millipede in this way , because nobody thinks lobsters evolved from millipedes .
Obviously no modern animal evolved from any other modern animal .
Instead , any pair of modern animals had a last common ancestor which lived at some ( in principle ) discoverable moment in geological history .
Almost all of evolution happened way back in the past , which makes it hard to study details .
But we can use the “ length of book ” thought - experiment to agree upon what it would mean to ask the question whether information content increases over evolution , if only we had ancestral animals to look at .
The answer in practice is complicated and controversial , all bound up with a vigorous debate over whether evolution is , in general , progressive .
I am one of those associated with a limited form of yes answer .
My colleague Stephen Jay Gould tends towards a no answer .
I do n’t think anybody would deny that , by any method of measuring – whether bodily information content , total information capacity of genome , capacity of genome actually used , or true ( “ Stuffit compressed ” ) information content of genome – there has been a broad overall trend towards increased information content during the course of human evolution from our remote bacterial ancestors .
People might disagree , however , over two important questions : first , whether such a trend is to be found in all , or a majority of evolutionary lineages ( for example parasite evolution often shows a trend towards decreasing bodily complexity , because parasites are better off being simple ) ; second , whether , even in lineages where there is a clear overall trend over the very long term , it is bucked by so many reversals and re-reversals in the shorter term as to undermine the very idea of progress .
This is not the place to resolve this interesting controversy .
There are distinguished biologists with good arguments on both sides .
Supporters of “ intelligent design ” guiding evolution , by the way , should be deeply committed to the view that information content increases during evolution .
Even if the information comes from God , perhaps especially if it does , it should surely increase , and the increase should presumably show itself in the genome .
Unless , of course – for anything goes in such addle - brained theorising – God works his evolutionary miracles by nongenetic means .
Perhaps the main lesson we should learn from Pringle is that the information content of a biological system is another name for its complexity .
Therefore the creationist challenge with which we began is tantamount to the standard challenge to explain how biological complexity can evolve from simpler antecedents , one that I have devoted three books to answering ( The Blind Watchmaker , River Out of Eden , Climbing Mount Improbable ) and I do not propose to repeat their contents here .
The “ information challenge ” turns out to be none other than our old friend : “ How could something as complex as an eye evolve ? ”
It is just dressed up in fancy mathematical language – perhaps in an attempt to bamboozle .
Or perhaps those who ask it have already bamboozled themselves , and do n’t realise that it is the same old – and thoroughly answered – question .
The Genetic Book of the Dead
Let me turn , finally , to another way of looking at whether the information content of genomes increases in evolution .
We now switch from the broad sweep of evolutionary history to the minutiae of natural selection .
Natural selection itself , when you think about it , is a narrowing down from a wide initial field of possible alternatives , to the narrower field of the alternatives actually chosen .
Random genetic error ( mutation ) , sexual recombination and migratory mixing , all provide a wide field of genetic variation : the available alternatives .
Mutation is not an increase in true information content , rather the reverse , for mutation , in the Shannon analogy , contributes to increasing the prior uncertainty .
But now we come to natural selection , which reduces the “ prior uncertainty ” and therefore , in Shannon ’s sense , contributes information to the gene pool .
In every generation , natural selection removes the less successful genes from the gene pool , so the remaining gene pool is a narrower subset .
The narrowing is nonrandom , in the direction of improvement , where improvement is defined , in the Darwinian way , as improvement in fitness to survive and reproduce .
Of course the total range of variation is topped up again in every generation by new mutation and other kinds of variation .
But it still remains true that natural selection is a narrowing down from an initially wider field of possibilities , including mostly unsuccessful ones , to a narrower field of successful ones .
This is analogous to the definition of information with which we began : information is what enables the narrowing down from prior uncertainty ( the initial range of possibilities ) to later certainty ( the “ successful ” choice among the prior probabilities ) .
According to this analogy , natural selection is by definition a process whereby information is fed into the gene pool of the next generation .
If natural selection feeds information into gene pools , what is the information about ?
It is about how to survive .
Strictly it is about how to survive and reproduce , in the conditions that prevailed when previous generations were alive .
To the extent that present day conditions are different from ancestral conditions , the ancestral genetic advice will be wrong .
In extreme cases , the species may then go extinct .
To the extent that conditions for the present generation are not too different from conditions for past generations , the information fed into present - day genomes from past generations is helpful information .
Information from the ancestral past can be seen as a manual for surviving in the present : a family bible of ancestral “ advice ” on how to survive today .
We need only a little poetic licence to say that the information fed into modern genomes by natural selection is actually information about ancient environments in which ancestors survived .
This idea of information fed from ancestral generations into descendant gene pools is one of the themes of my new book , Unweaving the Rainbow .
It takes a whole chapter , “ The Genetic Book of the Dead ” , to develop the notion , so I wo n’t repeat it here except to say two things .
First , it is the whole gene pool of the species as a whole , not the genome of any particular individual , which is best seen as the recipient of the ancestral information about how to survive .
The genomes of particular individuals are random samples of the current gene pool , randomised by sexual recombination .
Second , we are privileged to “ intercept ” the information if we wish , and “ read ” an animal ’s body , or even its genes , as a coded description of ancestral worlds .
To quote from Unweaving the Rainbow : “ And is n’t it an arresting thought ?
We are digital archives of the African Pliocene , even of Devonian seas ; walking repositories of wisdom out of the old days .
You could spend a lifetime reading in this ancient library and die unsated by the wonder of it . ”
1 The producers never deigned to send me a copy : I completely forgot about it until an American colleague called it to my attention .
2 See Barry Williams ( 1998 ) : “ Creationist Deception Exposed ” , The Skeptic 18 , 3 , pp 7 - 10 , for an account of how my long pause ( trying to decide whether to throw them out ) was made to look like hesitant inability to answer the question , followed by an apparently evasive answer to a completely different question .
Once upon a time , video clips of the outrageous things uttered on cable news and morning shows were brought to the Internet by a company called RedLasso .
The fun ended when major broadcast networks threw around words like “ copyright infringement , ” and RedLasso ’s blog clipping service ended as we knew it .
So then along came Jon , a D.C. resident who told us news - clipping is a “ hobby ” because “ I am a news junkie and I like to push topics that I am passionate about . ”
But the fun is , for the moment , over : Fox News just had all of Jon ’s clips yanked from YouTube .
Claiming copyright infringement , FNC got Jon ’s YouTube account News1
News purged , which means dozens of posts on this blog alone are rendered without video clips of Maddow , Cooper , Behar , Dobbs , and of course , O’Reilly and Beck .
But FNC ’s movie was n’t made just because Jon was repurposing News Corp .’s intellectual property , but because he was repurposing clips that made Fox News talent look bad .
From Bill O’Reilly ’s screaming to Glenn Beck ’s utter insanity , the clips were passed around the liberal blogs so we could poke fun .
But as Gawker notes , FNC has n’t gone after conservative YouTube clippers — because they are helpful commodities to the network .
This has happened to Jon before ; his old account “ NewsPoliticsNews ” was suspended in early summer after Digital Millennium Copyright
Act complaints , only to be reborn after YouTube ’s lawyers eventually disagreed with folks who filed infringement violations .
At the time , the account had clocked 16 million views .
Getting suspended “ will not happen again , ” Jon told us in June .
Except now , it has .
Of course , it ’s easy to create YouTube accounts , so Jon ’s upper - left badge is back at “ NewsPoliticsAmerica ” .
Earlier this year , Jon told us he had “ clearances ” from the networks to use his clips .
If FNC was on that white list at the time , they ’ve since reneged .
So why is this such a big deal ?
Because folks like Jon — private citizens who have the time to rip and upload videos — are crucial to this “ blogging ” thing we do all day long .
A single 30 - second clip that might otherwise disappear into the ether can live forever online , driving debate for at least a 24 - hour news cycle ( or until the gals at The View talk about it , in which case it ’s time to move on ) .
Moreover , Jon ( who would like to remain anonymous , thank you very much ) tells us both he and his partner are former military personnel , and have many friends still active , and thus have a vested interest in the gay debates and Do n’t Ask Do n’t Tell discussions .
And , particularly , in the misinformation campaigns driven by Fox News .
S E G E R !
PTS HAR IDAG 28 SEP SLÄPPT SITT KRAV på en förhandsprövning av domäner :
” Vi har efter att ha tagit intryck av synpunkter och debatten som pågått beslutat att inte gå vidare med kravet på förhandsgranskning ” , PTS .
TILLSAMMANS har vi stoppat en domäncensur och bevarat internet fritt
har vi stoppat en domäncensur och bevarat internet fritt TILLSAMMANS har vi skapat debatt kring ett smalt ämne och fått en myndighet att backa så tvärt att förhandsprövning inte är ett alternativ för framtiden
har vi skapat debatt kring ett smalt ämne och fått en myndighet att backa så tvärt att förhandsprövning inte är ett alternativ för framtiden TILLSAMMANS har vi visat att man inte behöver omsätta miljarder för att påverka besluten , bara man har goda argument och engagemang
Vi bakom Namnbank.se kan inte tacka er alla som hjälpt nog för era underskrifter , era argument och ert engagemang .
Tillsammans har vi skrivit historia .
PTS ska ha en eloge för att man visat att man kan ändra sig även sent i en process .
Frågan är dock inte avgjord än .
Vi kommer att följa frågan för att se till att eventuella skärpningar av dagens efterprövning inte blir orimliga .
Vi kommer att göra det med glädje och vid gott mod , för ni har hjälpt oss visa att man inte behöver vara en storbank för att påverka !
Namninsamlingens manifest :
VI UNDERTECKNADE MOTSÄTTER OSS PTS beslut att tvinga .SE att förpröva alla domännamn innehållande ordet ” bank ” för att det är ogenomtänkt , oproportionerligt , ineffektivt och saknar lagstöd .
FRAMFÖR allt så motsätter vi oss det för att det kan , och nog kommer att leda till förprövning av en oöverskådlig mängd ytterligare ord och namn .
SVERIGE bör inte , ensamt i Västeuropa , börja låta storföretag och särintressen förbjuda adresser på internet .
STORT TACK TILL ER SOM STOPPADE FÖRPRÖVNINGEN !
Just the other day , we gave you a sneak peek at a couple of motherboards Asus had coming down the pipeline that featured USB 3.0 and SATA 6G support , the P7P55D - E Premium and the P6X58D Premium .
If you have n't seen the original post , be sure to check it out here .
In it , we talk about the boards ' PLX PCI Express Gen 2 switch implementation and how it connects to the NEC USB 3.0 and Marvell SATA 6G controller chips .
P7P55D - E Premium and P6X58D Premium with USB 3.0 and SATA 6G
It turns out that one of the boards we showed you , the P55 - Express based P7P55D - E Premium is very close to hitting the market .
In fact , we already have on in house were able to run a few quick tests on it .
In addition to the motherboard , we got our hands on an external USB 3.0 hard drive and one of Seagate 's new 2TB SATA 6G hard drives .
USB 2.0 vs. USB 3.0 Hard Drive Performance
First up , we thought we 'd show you what kind of impact USB 3.0 has on performance .
The two images above show ATTO Disk Benchmark runs with the USB 3.0 hard drive connected to the P7P55D - E Premium .
The test on the left was run with the drive connected to a USB 2.0 port , the one of the right with it connected to a USB 3.0 port .
Be sure to click on the images to pop larger versions because the graphs look to have a similar trends .
You 'll see that when connected to a USB 3.0 port , the drive was about 5 - 6 x faster .
Although these are just quick , preliminary tests , it appears that USB 3.0 will be an absolute must for users in need of fast , cheap external storage as it becomes more prevalent .
SATA 3G vs. SATA 6G Hard Drive Performance
Next up , we have some benchmarks using the Seagate Barracuda XT SATA 6G drive .
The ATTO and HD Tach tests on the left were conducted with the drive connected to a common SATA 3G port , the tests on the right were conducted with it connected to the Marvell SATA 6G controller present on the P7P55D - E Premium .
Save for one part of the HD Tach testing , there is n't much of a performance difference here .
Due to an aggressive cache algorithm that utilizes a portion of system memory with the Seagate Barracuda XT SATA 6G connected to the Marvell SATA 6G controller on the P7P55D - E Premium , it offers a burst rate that is off the charts in HD Tach .
In the remaining portions of the HD Tach test though , performance remains largely unchanged .
According to ATTO , there are some slight performance benefits to be had by connecting the drive to the SATA 6G controller , but the deltas were quite small - - somewhere in the neighborhood of 5MB /s .
As it stands today , it 's obvious that its going to take something much faster than a current - gen , spinning - platter hard disk to tax a SATA 6G connection .
Perhaps next - gen products and future SSDs will show a larger benefit .
Ode to _Joy_ : The Tom Marshall Interview
The following piece originally ran as two - parts in the Friday and Saturday Sunday editions of the Festival 8 Express .
Other than the fact that Phish has reunited in 2009 , ending a 5 - year second hiatus that saw their fan base continue to expand , there has been another welcome reunion this year .
Trey Anastasio began working with his longtime writing partner , Tom Marshall once again , and together , in collaboration with the members of Phish , they have created their latest album , Joy .
The Express sat down with the lyricist shortly before Festival 8 for a candid conversation about that reunion with the guitarist / singer / composer , and their work on Joy , as well as a look back at a few tracks that found their way onto Party Time , the Joy box bonus CD .
As regards Joy , Marshall explains , “ I see a lot of questions that you and I could clear up , or at least add to the mystery . ”
And so we open the door …
What was it like to reunite with Trey , to write again , and did that begin when you sent what would become the lyrics to “ Backwards Down the Number Line ” to him on his birthday , September 30 , 2007 ?
It really did .
That was it , really .
I was estranged from him because the program he was in did n’t allow for a whole lot of communication .
For many reasons , his family and others were sort of shielding information about him , even from those who thought they were pretty close to him .
Part of that is the old … you know …if you ’re starting a whole , new life , and a whole new lifestyle , you do have to give up some of the old stuff .
I think , maybe , for a while there , I was considered part of the old stuff .
( laughs )
I did n’t want to be because I did n’t really have a whole lot to do with the bad stuff happening , and Trey realized that and recognized that , so I was put on some sort of approved list .
Prior to that , to break the silence , I got a hold of an e-mail address from him , just by talking to his Dad .
Out of the blue , I realized it was his birthday .
I reached across the gap of not knowing really what was up with him with that e-mail .
Literally , it was a birthday wish .
It was funny because he called back so fast .
First , he wrote back , “ Oh my God ! ” within two hours .
I was like , “ What does that mean ? ” ( laughter )
Maybe three , four hours after I sent the e-mail , he played me the song .
He called me , and he was laughing .
He played me the song , and said , “ Oh my God !
This is so perfect .
It just fell together so quickly . ”
I listened to it , and it ’s just amazing .
I have that version , and I want it to come out , and be made public .
It ’s so good .
It ’s so full of energy .
The Phish version on Joy is amazing .
I love it .
But that very first one — there ’s something that ’s incredibly crispy and magical and wonderful about it .
Was it an acoustic version ?
No .
When Trey was living in Saratoga Springs [ upstate New York ] , he had a nice
little mini-version of his studio , which he calls Rubber Jungle , in his apartment there , so
he was able to do full recordings .
From there , did he say that he was ready to start writing songs with you again ?
Yeah , it took a while actually .
That broke the ice , and then there was sort of a process .
It , literally , was like … I do n’t think anyone ever mentioned an approved list , but I sort of had that feeling : “ Who can he talk to ? ”
It was very strict at first —
“ Who ca n ’t he talk to . ”
That settled in , and he began to know how to handle his appointments .
He had a very rigorous daily schedule of meetings .
Finally , he got a handle on that , and invited me up .
After “ Backwards Down the Numbers Line , ” he wanted to start writing .
I came up there .
He would have to make some appointments , and I would sit there in his place , but we just realized that we still had it .
We had not written for three , four years , and it was just great .
It was a reawakening — not even a reawakening , so much as a realization that we could still do this .
It ’s almost easier now because there ’s not this sort of weird haze surrounding Trey , or between us , or whatever .
It was wonderful .
I put pen to paper , again , and started typing lyrics .
I went up there with the whole ream of things again .
I realized that we had gotten older .
Our style has changed and yet , we ’re still laughing like the old days .
It was a lot of fun , and we wrote a lot of songs .
Even though seven songs I co-wrote got on Joy , I think we wrote about 20 songs .
In Depth › Analysis
New call for e-waste controls
News analysis
The world needs global standards for the reuse and recycling of electronic goods to curb growing e-waste exports to developing countries , a recent meeting in the Netherlands heard .
But others say better government regulation is needed to ensure companies take responsibility for the never - ending stream of last - season 's computers and televisions .
Dr Ramzy Kahhat of Arizona State University told a meeting of e-waste experts at the Philips High Tech Campus in Eindhoven in the Netherlands that 80 % of devices imported to Nigeria , Pakistan and Ghana classified for reuse are simply scrapped .
Dr Feng Wang from the United Nations University estimates 20 million people are involved in managing waste in China , including 2 million carrying out " informal " e-waste collection , re-use and recycling .
Wang says although China produces 2.3 million tonnes of its own domestic e-waste a year and has banned e-waste imports , it is still a dumping ground for the world 's e-waste .
The experts say it is best to export electronic equipment before it is too old and damaged to be reconditioned .
And they say when the equipment can no longer be reused it should be recycled to yield valuable materials , such as precious metals .
But proper recycling standards are needed because developing countries too often incinerate e-waste to recover metals , which emits heavy metals and toxic chemicals including dioxins , they say .
Not ' biting the bullet '
But Dr Mariann Lloyd - Smith , of the International POPs Elimination Network , says focussing on reuse and recycling standards is not really " biting the bullet " on the global e-waste problem .
She says there is a limit to how much recycling can solve the e-waste problem and computers should be designed so they are less toxic and are more easily and cheaply upgraded rather than thrown out .
Sending old electronic products to developing countries for reuse or recycling exploits a loophole in the Basel Convention , which is supposed to prevent rich countries from sending their toxic waste to poor countries , says Lloyd - Smith , who is involved in international negotiations on e-waste .
" So many of the developing countries are getting end of life product under the guise of re-use , but literally finding it is waste , " she says .
" If it is n't waste when it turns up on their doorstep , it becomes waste very very quickly . "
Australian scheme
Australian environment ministers are set to decide on a national e-waste scheme in November this year .
Environment and industry groups support say they will a scheme that would legally require all companies importing televisions and computers into the country to recycle them at the end of the products ' life .
Rett Somers from the Australian Information Industry Association , which represents computer manufacturers , says a small amount of old electronic material is sent off shore but the industry aims to keep this to a minimum .
He says a national scheme will give companies a financial incentive to make computers more easily upgradeable , less disposable and at the very least , easier to recycle .
But Lloyd - Smith says no matter what Australia does , e- waste will continue to be a global problem unless all countries require companies to deal with waste in the country where it is produced .
According to a UN Environment Program report , between 50 % and 80 % of obsolete electronic goods collected for recycling in the US each year is being exported .
" Green design will only come when the company that produces the product has to deal with it in its waste phase , " says Lloyd - Smith .
Digital switch
John Gertsakis of Product Stewardship Australia , an organisation that represents companies that import 70 % of televisions into Australia , says there will be a spike in television disposal with the switch to digital .
He says his organisation has long lobbied for mandatory recycling in Australia , but the government has " dragged its feet for several years " .
Gertsakis says designing for longevity does not necessarily reduce environmental benefit if the new generation technology is less toxic and more easily recycled .
According to Jane Castle , of the Boomerang Alliance , which is lobbying for zero waste in Australia , the national scheme will create " a self - sustaining industry " .
" The need to keep recycling will keep triggering more infrastructure to be built and it's great , we 'll get competition in the recycling market and the cost of recycling will go down , " she says .
Elephant in the room
Castle says reducing the turnover of new electronic goods in the first place is difficult when there is drive to consume more and more .
" That is a huge question - it 's always the elephant in the living room , " she says .
" Maybe one day we 'll tap into the ' consume less ' ideal , but for the moment , let 's just consume smarter and cleaner . "
Lloyd - Smith says international organisations under the leadership of UN Environment Program have agreed to discuss e-waste , including the role of green design at future meetings .
Luminara was the first shooter I ever made .
It was featured as a Daily Deviation on Deviant Art , and was heavily featured on many game websites upon release .
It was released at a time when games like Geometry Wars and Stardust were being released on next - gen consoles which introduced the visual effect of an overload of particles into top - down shooters .
This game , following my Ellipsis game , had a lot of the particle engine effects ready to go and I wanted to capture that effect in a Flash game .
Flash games at the time were n't producing heavy particle effects yet , so it stood out quite a bit among the other top - down shooters .
I was actually surprised how well the game did .
This was at a time when Tower Defense and zombie games were ramping up the charts and I did n't think simple geometric shapes could compete .
Programming : John
Art : John
Music : Heart of Rave by ZeRo-BaSs
Produced by : jmtb02 Studios
In conjunction with announcing company - wide layoffs totaling 1,500 employees , publisher Electronic Arts also revealed it has canceled several unannounced projects .
During the company 's financial investor call this afternoon , CEO John Riccitiello gave a bleak outlook to many " risk " titles fans were hopeful for release in the next couple years .
When asked by an analyst where the reduction in work force would reflect its current crop of projects , Riccitiello responded by saying the company had decided to cut over a dozen still unannounced titles , and added the company is focusing on guaranteed hits going forward in this struggling economy .
" Electronic
Arts has a core slate of games labels and sports franchises that we will iterate on an annual or bi-annual basis , " he explained .
" All of them are selling or have sold in their most recent edition 2 million units or more .
Daily Fix Video November 10 , 2009
This news and more in the Daily Fix . - Modern Warfare 2 Launches in Style
- EA Buys Playfish
- EA Layoffs
- Borderlands DLC Dated
" After that , we 've got the Sims and Hasbro , and frankly anything that does n't measure up to looking like it can pencil out to be a very high profit contributor and high unit seller got cut from our title slate from this point going forward , " he added .
" If you could array our titles slate up knowing what we did about what we would have otherwise brought to market , we cut the bottom third of it . "
This probably is n't good news for fans hoping for a Mirror 's Edge sequel .
Riccitiello expressed enthusiasm over the Dead Space and Spore franchises at DICE 2009 this past February , but did n't speak too kindly about Mirror 's Edge , saying the game underperformed financially , but added " we can learn from that and make it better . "
This is also bad news for the rumored Road Rash project , as well as hopeful sequels to Dead Space Extraction for Wii and SSX .
While the debate in Congress over heath care rolls on , affordable , world - class heart operations can be had for cheap in India , and coming soon to the Cayman Islands .
Please consider The Henry Ford of Heart Surgery .
Dr. Shetty , who entered the limelight in the early 1990s as Mother Teresa 's cardiac surgeon , offers cutting - edge medical care in India at a fraction of what it costs elsewhere in the world .
His flagship heart hospital charges $ 2,000 , on average , for open - heart surgery , compared with hospitals in the U.S. that are paid between $ 20,000 and $ 100,000 , depending on the complexity of the surgery .
The approach has transformed health care in India through a simple premise that works in other industries : economies of scale .
By driving huge volumes , even of procedures as sophisticated , delicate and dangerous as heart surgery , Dr. Shetty has managed to drive down the cost of health care in his nation of one billion .
His model offers insights for countries worldwide that are struggling with soaring medical costs , including the U.S. as it debates major health - care overhaul .
At his flagship , 1,000 - bed Narayana Hrudayalaya Hospital , surgeons operate at a capacity virtually unheard of in the U.S. , where the average hospital has 160 beds , according to the American Hospital Association .
Narayana 's 42 cardiac surgeons performed 3,174 cardiac bypass surgeries in 2008 , more than double the 1,367 the Cleveland Clinic , a U.S. leader , did in the same year .
His surgeons operated on 2,777 pediatric patients , more than double the 1,026 surgeries performed at Children 's Hospital Boston .
Over the next five years , Dr. Shetty 's company plans to take the number of total hospital beds to 30,000 from about 3,000 , which would make it by far the largest private - hospital group in India .
At that volume , he says , he would be able to cut costs significantly more by bypassing medical equipment sellers and buying directly from suppliers .
Then there are the Cayman Islands , where he plans to build and run a 2,000 - bed general hospital an hour 's plane ride from Miami .
Procedures , both elective and necessary , will be priced at least 50 % lower than what they cost in the U.S. , says Dr. Shetty , who hopes to draw Americans who are uninsured or need surgery their plans do n't cover .
Some in India question whether Dr. Shetty is taking his high volume model too far , risking quality .
But Jack Lewin , chief executive of the American College of Cardiology , who visited Dr. Shetty 's hospital earlier this year as a guest lecturer , says Dr. Shetty has done just the opposite -- used high volumes to improve quality .
For one thing , some studies show quality rises at hospitals that perform more surgeries for the simple reason that doctors are getting more experience .
And at Narayana , says Dr. Lewin , the large number of patients allows individual doctors to focus on one or two specific types of cardiac surgeries .
Senate Democrats Battle On Health Care
Moderate Senate Democrats threatened Sunday to scuttle health - care legislation if their demands are n't met , while more liberal members warned their party leaders not to bend .
The dispute among Democrats foretells of a rowdy floor debate next month on legislation that would extend health care coverage to roughly 31 million Americans .
Republicans have already made clear they are n't supporting the bill .
Final passage is in jeopardy , even after the chamber 's historic 60 - 39 vote Saturday night to begin debate .
" I do n't want a big - government , Washington - run operation that would undermine the ... private insurance that 200 million Americans now have , " said Sen .
Ben Nelson , a conservative Nebraska Democrat .
Nelson and three other moderates -- Democratic Sens. Mary Landrieu of Louisiana and Blanche Lincoln of Arkansas and Connecticut independent Joe Lieberman -- agreed to open debate despite expressing reservations on the measure .
Each of them has warned that they might not support the final bill .
One major sticking point is a provision that would allow Americans to buy a federal - run insurance plan if their state allows it .
Moderates say they worry the so - called public option will become a huge and costly entitlement program and that other requirements in the bill could cripple businesses .
" I do n't want to fix the problems in our health care system in a way that creates more of an economic crisis , " said Lieberman .
Sen . Dick Durbin of Illinois , the No. 2 Democrat in the Senate , said the health care bill must be passed by the end of the year so that President Barack Obama and lawmakers can shift their attention to the economy and improving employment rates .
My local cable monopoly has decided to move MSNBC to a premium level so only the wealthy can afford to watch Maddow dissect right - wing narratives .
I ’ve written doggerel for the occasion :
Now look at them yo - yo’s that ’s the way you do it
You play the race card on the Fox TV
That is workin ’ that ’s the way we do it
Teabaggers marchin’ on Fox TV
Now that is workin ’ that ’s the way we do it
Local rednecks , them guys are dumb
Beck can do the wacky on your little wingers
Bill - O gets em twisted up and numb
We gotta install fear of the other
Custom lobby derivatives
We gotta lose these equivocators
We gotta own their colour TV’s
See the little maggot with the wiring and the makeup
Yeah buddy that ’s his own hair
That bigger maggot wants his own pro ball team
And Rupert Murdoch is a billionaire
We gotta instill fear of the other
Custom lobby derivatives
We gotta lose these equivocators
We gotta own their colour TV’s
Ailes has learned how to play the race card
Hannity ’s learned to beat the drums
Look at that blah blah , we got it comin out the camera
Man this is a lotta fun
And he ’s up there , what ’s that ?
Hawaiian noises ?
Bangin ’ public option like a chimpanzee
Call him liar that ’s the way we do it
Money for nothin ’ but controversy
We gotta instill fear of the other
Custom lobby derivatives
We gotta lose these equivocators
We gotta own their colour TV’s , Lord
Now that ai n’t workin ’ that ’s the way we do it
They call our bullshit on MSNBC
That ai n’t workin ’ that ’s the way we do it
Call up Comcast and move it to pay feed
Money for nothin ’ but controversy
I want my
I want my
Em -e ’s - en - bee-cee
Milford Police have released the chilling video of the crash that killed two Orange teens in June .
The video shows Officer Jason Anderson 's car racing by another Milford cruiser at 94 mph before slamming into the car carrying Ashlie Krakowski and David Servin , both 19 .
The dash cam in Milford Officer Richard Pisano 's records his cruiser traveling around 70 mph and shows Anderson 's vehicle speed by .
Moments later , Anderson 's cruiser collides with the teens ' car , which appears to be turning into the path of the cruiser .
The impact sends sparks and debris flying .
The video also shows a few things that are n’t obvious at first glance .
Anderson passes Pisano on the right , which is illegal in Connecticut , His lights and siren are off .
It also shows both officers drive through red and flashing yellow lights right before Anderson hits the teens ' car at the intersection of Dogwood and Boston Post roads .
" It may appear that the Anderson vehicle is not traveling at that high a rate of speed … but that ’s not true because to get a true perspective of the vehicle going in excess of 90 mph , you have to be outside of the vehicle going 70 mph , " Attorney John Wynne , who represents Krakowski's father , said .
This impact destroyed the teens ' car , threw Krakowski 30 feet from the car and trapped Servin inside until firefighters extricated him .
The officers were returning from a mutual aid call at the Utopia Café in West Haven and Wynne said the accident was completely avoidable .
" They were n’t responding to a call .
Their lights and sirens were n’t on .
It was 2:15 in the morning and they were just returning back to Milford , " he said .
Anderson was suspended with pay from the Milford Police Department , arrested by State Police and charged with manslaughter .
He is due in court on Nov. 24 .
" His conduct was so egregious and reckless that it brought these deaths and that 's why he was charged , " Wynne said .
The Milford Police Chief will not comment on the video until after the internal investigation is completed .
Audio :
Live feed of underlying pandemic map data
Ukraine Dead Increase to 299 - Still No Sequences
Recombinomics Commentary 22:55
November 15 , 2009
1,364,939 Influenza / ARI
75,862 Hospitalized
299 Dead
The above numbers represent the latest update for the Ukraine Ministry of Health .
Once again the number of dead increased by 17 , but weekend numbers tend to be lower than weekday reports .
The 299 dead are almost double the 155 reported week ago .
The increased number of dead includes those from locations in central and eastern Ukraine .
Last Sunday 13 of the 27 reporting regions had not exceeded the epidemic threshold , but today only 5 regions remained below the threshold ( see map ) .
There has been more recent media coverage which have suggested that the high number of fatal cases was linked to late treatment or a lack of Tamiflu .
However , at least 6 of the fatalities were healthcare workers and most of the reported deaths were after the warning was issued and schools were closed down , suggesting that many , if not most cases , were not due to late treatment .
The initial WHO report indicated the time between disease onset and hospitalization was 5 - 7 days , but the more recent report from Ukraine cited a 3 - 7 day lag , which again suggested that many die in spite of awareness , modest time differentials between symptoms and hospitalization , and appropriate treatment .
Moreover , 90 of the initial cases were describe as having a hemorrhagic component , which again raises concerns about small genetic changes , especially in the receptor binding domain .
Answers to questions about such changes have been evasive , and the sequences have not been released by Mill Hill .
The sequence silence remains deafening , and erodes public confidence in agencies controlling these samples and sequences .
FirstEnergy Corp. is getting ready to leave two high - efficiency light bulbs on your doorstep .
But they 're not a gift .
The utility will charge average users 60 cents a month extra on their electric bills for the next three years -- $ 21.60 all together .
That covers the cost of the bulbs ( $ 3.50 each ) , their delivery and the delivery of the power consumers would have used if they did n't have them .
The good news :
These compact fluorescent bulbs will reduce your electricity use .
If you replace two 100 - watt incandescent bulbs with these 23 - watt , warm - white CFLs , you 'll save $ 60 by the time they burn out in five to seven years , according to FirstEnergy .
And you 'll pay for the bulbs whether you use them or not , so it makes sense to use them .
FirstEnergy is distributing the 3.75 million bulbs to comply in part with an energy law enacted in Ohio last year .
The law requires utilities to cut their customers ' energy use by 22 percent by 2025 .
The law also mandates that utilities use solar , wind turbines and other renewable energy sources .
The Public Utilities Commission of Ohio approved the light bulb distribution and the extra charge on your bill .
" Energy efficiency enhancements have up - front costs that are paid back over time through savings on your energy bills , " FirstEnergy spokeswoman Ellen Raines said Monday .
" The savings far outweigh the cost of the program .
And we hope customers who have not used CFL bulbs will like them .
But the company -- and therefore you -- are paying too much for the bulbs , said Ohio Consumers ' Counsel Janine Migden - Ostrander .
A five - pack of similar bulbs costs $ 13.99 from Ace Hardware 's Web site .
FirstEnergy bought Chinese - made bulbs from three distributors including TCP Inc. of Aurora , because it could n't find any made in the United States .
A California company will deliver 3 million of them door - to - door to Illuminating Co. , Ohio Edison and Toledo Edison customers .
The rest will be mailed .
Passing out the bulbs is not the way to persuade people to use them , Migden - Ostrander said .
The company should have given its customers discount coupons and let them shop for the best deal , she said .
The company 's lawyers resisted that , arguing that FirstEnergy had to begin cutting back power deliveries right away to meet the terms of the new law .
During debates in the Ohio House and Senate , discussion about wind turbines and solar fields got more attention than energy efficiency - but they 're part of the same argument : that the nation can't go on using energy as if it were inexhaustible .
State lawmakers were convinced that Congress would push efficiency mandates and lower emissions from coal - fired power plants .
That law , now headed for debates in the U.S. Senate , could force the closing of the dirtiest , oldest and smallest power plants , Migden - Ostrander said .
The choice utilities and society have is whether to spend billions of dollars on new power plants or try to reduce demand and use less electricity .
FirstEnergy also plans by the end of the year to unveil an on - line home energy audit program .
It will allow you to find out - at no charge - how inefficient your electricity use is and what to do about it .
If you do n't own a computer , the company will do it for you over the phone , according to information FirstEnergy filed with the PUCO .
It will be " free , " just like the bulbs are free .
Israel is accused today of denying the West Bank and Gaza access to adequate water through a " total " and " discriminatory " control that enables its own people to consume four times as much as the Palestinians .
An Amnesty International report paints a picture of many Palestinian families struggling – and often failing – to secure enough water for drinking , cleaning , and agriculture while Israelis , including residents of Jewish settlements in the West Bank , have all they need for lush , irrigated farmland , swimming pools and gardens .
Amnesty also suggests that taxpayers in countries who donate aid to the Palestinians are facing unnecessarily high costs to meet severe water shortages because their governments are unwilling to challenge " the most unreasonable " restrictions imposed by Israel on Palestinian access to the regionally scarce resource .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
It claims the 450,000 settlers who have taken up residence in the West Bank and East Jerusalem since the Six - Day War in 1967 consume as much as or more than the 2.3 million Palestinians living in the West Bank .
It says the overall Palestinian per capita consumption of 70 litres per day compares with the WHO recommended level of 100 litres and Israeli consumption of 300 .
The report adds that between 180,000 and 200,000 Palestinians living in rural communities – especially in the Israeli controlled " Area C " which comprises 60 per cent of the West Bank – have no access to running water .
According to Amnesty , the Israeli military " often " prevents them from accessing rainwater – for example by destroying water - harvesting cisterns or even confiscating water tankers .
At the same time the report highlights the unequal distribution of water from the mountain aquifer which is the principal groundwater resource for both communities , most of which is located in the West Bank , and from which Israel draws 80 per cent .
It also points out that using water for Israel 's supplies from the River Jordan – as Jordan does , and Syria and Lebanon do further upstream – before the river reaches the West Bank , deprives Palestinians of any access to the river 's water .
The report is critical of past mismanagement by the Palestinian Water Authority and says the international donors sometimes lack coordination in funding water - related projects in the occupied territories .
But the bulk of the report blames Israeli restrictions and repeated refusals to grant permits for wells and other installations .
While the Oslo accords in the mid-Nineties agreed a highly unequal distribution , the report suggests the disparities have worsened since then .
Instead of challenging restrictions , international donors – among which the principal governments are those of the US and Germany – choose to divert " significant funds " to short - term projects such as repairing war damage or funding tanker shipments at many times the cost of piped supplies .
In Gaza , the report says 90 - 95 per cent of the water from the coastal aquifer which has traditionally supplied it , is now unfit for human consumption .
It adds that Israel 's refusal to allow water to be exported from the West Bank to Gaza , now compounded by the embargo on materials for infrastructure development and repair , have brought Gaza 's water and sewage system to " crisis point . "
Donatella Rovera , author of the Amnesty report , called for an end to the restrictions and added that Palestinians were allowed " only a fraction " of the shared water resources , which lie mostly in the West Bank , while " the unlawful Israeli settlements receive virtually unlimited supplies " .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
Israel 's water authority complained the report was " biased and incorrect " and said it had met its obligations under the Oslo agreement while Palestinians were not distributing water efficiently .
It also challenged the Amnesty figures and said the real gap was 408 litres per head in Israel and 287 litres for the Palestinians .
But Amnesty said last night that Israeli figures did not take account of desalinated and treated water consumed by Israel , or the 35 per cent of leakage from the Palestinian water supply caused by Israel 's failure to build new infrastructure .
Amnesty said its own figures showed a slightly smaller gap than that identified by the World Bank .
Aisha and Hafez Hereni : ' We save every drop , but it 's never enough '
* Aisha and Hafez Hereni live in the small village of Tuwani , located in the Southern Hebron Hills .
The village is not connected to a pipe network , and so they rely on rainwater , stored in cisterns , and water delivered at great expense by tankers .
The cisterns are often soiled by Israeli settlers , Aisha says – they have found nappies and dead chickens in the supply .
With the family 's goats a key food source , and five children , the need for an adequate supply is critical .
" We save every drop , but it 's never enough , " Aisha goes on .
" It is a daily struggle . "
Nearby Israeli settlements are fully plugged in to the water network ; indeed , one water conduit passes through Tuwani on its way to an illegal settlement .
The Israeli army has denied the village permission to tap into that supply , despite a prolonged drought .
And in July this year , soldiers delivered a stop work order for a large cistern that could have greatly eased delivery costs by providing a long - term storage option .
" We spend a lot of money on water and we never have enough , " says Hafez .
" They are trying to force us out of the area by all means .
Taking our land is one way and limiting our access to water is another way . "
Teenage driver who killed schoolgirl after ploughing into 30 children jailed for six years
A teenage driver who killed a schoolgirl and seriously injured eight other youngsters when he was ' showing off ' was today jailed for six years .
Ben Gemmell , 17 , had only passed his driving test weeks earlier when he went for a trip in his Citroen this March .
Prosecutors told how he deliberately swerved towards a crowd of teenagers to try and frighten them but lost control and the car ploughed into the group .
Eleanor McGrath , 14 , was fatally injured in the smash and another teenager , Jack Horton , 16 , was left in a permanent coma , Basildon Crown Court heard .
Deadly show off : Ben Gemmell , 17 , arrives for sentencing this afternoon .
He was jailed for six years
More than 50 people packed the public gallery to see Gemmell in the dock and many sobbed as the horrific accident was recounted .
Andrew Jackson , for the prosecution , said the driver had only passed his test three weeks before the crash in Thorpe Bay , near Southend in Essex .
The teenager had been driving ' loops ' around a block of houses , near to where the large group of teenagers were standing , he told the court ..
' He was showing off in the vehicle - that is the expression used by many witnesses , ' Mr Jackson said .
Killed : Eleanor McGrath , 14 , died of her injuries
Another smaller group was walking towards the crowd when Gemmell ' deliberately swerved to try and frighten them ' , he said .
As the driver pulled away , he found himself facing a Mini parked on the opposite side of the road .
' To try and avoid the car he applied significant steering to the left , ' said Mr Jackson .
' This caused the car to rotate around clockwise and he no longer had control of the vehicle .
Within a split second he hit the kerb and the car ploughed into the larger group . '
Experts said the Citroen hit the crowd at 47 mph and bystanders saw people ' flying through the air ' .
One witness , Samuel Holt , said : ' The whole incident was horrific , it was like something out of a movie .
People were covered in blood an unconscious . '
Eleanor and Jack 's friends put them into recovery position before ambulance crews and two doctors who live in the road rushed to the scene .
A fleet of 10 ambulances , police cars and firefighters were scrambled and emergency workers used torches to find and treat the youngsters who had been thrown across the driveways of two homes .
Jack is still in hospital in London .
Today was the first day that his parents had left his bedside , the court was told .
A victim impact statement from Eleanor 's mother , Gillian , was read out to the court .
She said : ' The fact that Eleanor has been snatched from us is unbearable .
It has left a tremendous void which can never be filled .
My family will never be truly happy again . '
Eight other youngsters suffered serious head injuries , broken limbs and scarring , said Mr Jackson .
Gemmell 's smashed up Citroen C1 .
The 17 - year - old had only passed his test three weeks before the accident
Gemmell , who turns 18 tomorrow , pleaded guilty at an earlier hearing to causing death by dangerous driving and eight counts of inflicting grievous bodily harm .
He was jailed for six years and banned from driving for a decade and told he will have to complete an extended test before being given another licence .
Judge Christopher Mitchell said : ' In your immaturity , you were using the car as a toy to do tricks with , ignoring the the fact a motor vehicle is a potentially dangerous , very dangerous weapon .
' You were showing off .
You took a deliberate decision to do what was clearly an inherently dangerous act to deliberately swerve your car towards a group of young people with the intention of frightening them .
It did frighten them .
' It 's been described as a moment of madness , it was a moment of complete and utter irresponsibility .
' The harm you have caused by your actions is extensive .
A whole community linked by schools , families and clubs has been affected by this . '
Family agony : Eleanor McGrath 's mother Gillian and Father John and brother Richard ( left ) after the sentencing
Chief Inspector Tom Diment , of Essex Police , who led the investigation , said Gemmell 's immaturity had ' wreaked devastation on may ' .
' If ever anyone , especially young motorists , needed a wake - up call to remind them of the dangers of reckless driving , then this incident sadly does so , ' he said .
' Many young drivers do n't recognise their own inexperience and so do n't realise the consequences of driving outside their abilities .
' Ben Gemmell 's start to adulthood has been ruined .
He has to live with the fact that he took a life and maimed several others .
However , he also has to live with a criminal conviction . '
Full text is unavailable for this digitized archive article .
Subscribers may view the full text of this article in its original form through TimesMachine .
SING SING , April 13 . -- Mrs. Mary Cook , wife of John Cook , Superintendent of the Home Telephone Company in this place , publicly horsewhipped Miss Lillian Heeney on Main Street last night .
Mrs. Cook accuses Miss Heeney of having alienated the affections of her husband , Miss Heeney had Mrs. Cook arrested .
View Full Article in Timesmachine »
Hello readers .
Like to submit an advice question ??
It 's simple .
At the bottom of each article , click on the word ' comment ' to open a comment box .
Type in your question and hit ' Submit ' .
Your question can be about anything .
You may see " Your comment was not posted . "
It was , it just needs my approval .
I monitor all comments for content .
I will post all comments that are profanity or spam free .
I check my blog daily and will answer your question s as soon as possible .
Ray .
sc140
In conjunction with The Wire magazine , a unique collection : 22 pieces by artists from around the world , each piece created with just 140 characters of code .
You can download and stream the tracks on archive.org .
The source code can be viewed in text format here .
Album art CC - BY Lola TC .
Album curated by Dan Stowell .
Tracks and sourcecode ( c ) the authors , published under CC BY - NC - SA 3 .
In the first article , we explored the determinism of the brain and considered that within the constraints of brain physiology it is clear that random or indeterminate processes cannot be responsible for behavior .
Every action can be traced back to a cause , so it would seem that complete determinism is a fundamental aspect of our normal brain 's operation .
Our brains , however , begin accumulating and organizing information from the moment we first enter the world .
Our training and indoctrination will be fulfilled by our own experiences , by information gleaned from others , as well as information we acquire for ourselves .
One of the fundamental aspects of information gathering is that the brain develops a structure against which information is organized .
This basic structure can be considered the foundations of a belief system , or worldview , against which information can be evaluated for inclusion or rejection .
As discussed elsewhere , the belief system or worldview , is a data organization mechanism and not simply an arbitrary perspective .
Every piece of data that the brain accumulates will either be integrated into the belief system or rejected .
This is the fundamental basis by which data is classified , so that it may be utilized in forming " real - world " options or by which it would be excluded from such options .
In effect , this defines boundary conditions against which data can be evaluated , as well as determining which assumptions will be used when gaps in data occur .
One element of this education is the indeterminant aspect of it .
In other words , we can never know precisely what we will be taught , when , or how it will interact ( or relate ) to information that has already been acquired .
Some information may be considered more significant than others , and how it is integrated may be completely novel from the intentions of the original source itself .
Even the consideration for what we are exposed to may be random and subject to a variety of unplanned or unforeseen circumstances which can give rise to unique information structures within our brains .
It is from this pool of data that our creativity , insights , and thoughts originate .
If we have a deterministic brain , then it is clear that whatever novel thoughts emerge from it , must be a result of how various connections between data are made internally .
There can be no thought or idea that does n't originate from some level of data which must exist previously .
We can even invent absurdities or impossible concepts ( such as " hearing the color red " or " infinity " ) without actually having to quantify the reality of these ideas .
In effect , they are merely the juxtaposition of unlikely data points that can be assembled by our brain , but they never constitute something that does not ultimately originate there .
One of the key points that creates the illusion of freedom is our ability to " drive " the queries into our brain 's data storage .
We can initiate thinking , as well as directing the nature of that thinking towards particular solutions .
The brain does n't simply return random responses , but instead provides specific and related items back to such queries , which suggests a highly relational method of data organization .
As a result , we can deal with subtleties where relationships between data elements may be quite tenuous .
Problem solving redrives the learning / training mechanism so that specifically known solutions are reinforced ( building up our experience base ) , or new novel solutions may be considered for possible inclusion in our data .
We also segregate possible solutions based on whether they have been experienced in " real - world " encounters , or if they are still untested .
In effect , it closely parallels the scientific method in its structure , but it is the process our brain uses to assess data by using live experience as our validity test .
As with any experiment , a key aspect of obtaining results is interpreting them , and this is where the brain assesses the results against the belief system that is in place .
This is one reason why individuals of varying beliefs may have radically different interpretations of the same experience .
More importantly , if there is a strong conflict between the results and the belief system , the results may be rejected as erroneous and retain their " untested " status .
What is important to recognize is that the data storage and retrieval mechanisms are completely deterministic , however the novel connections that may be made , while deterministic , also provide a mechanism by which originality can be generated .
In particular , it is clear that one of our brain 's primary functions is to relate elements of data together , so that a name may be associated with a visual image , which may be then associated with particular pieces of data associated with the object or person and so on .
This process is analogous to playing a musical instrument where there are finite possibilities and the constraints of the instrument itself , however the possible combinations that can be generated are seemingly unlimited .
Each selected note is completely deterministic , yet the result has the appearance of unbounded potential , ultimately resulting in a structured song .
From this we have seen that we have a deterministic and indeterministic set of actions that provide the architecture of the brain as well as the data that is stored in it .
In the next article we will consider how this information may be processed in the form of choices .
NOVEMBER 2-- A
Halloween reveler dressed up as a Breathalyzer machine was arrested early Sunday for drunk driving .
James Miller , an 18 - year - old college student , was busted in Oxford , Ohio after cops spotted him driving in the wrong direction on a one - way street .
An actual Breathalyzer machine recorded Miller 's blood alcohol content as .158 , nearly twice the state 's legal limit .
Miller , pictured in the mug shot at left , was charged with underage drinking and DUI , according to an Oxford Police Department report .
Officers discovered an open can of Bud Light in the vehicle 's center console and the remains of a case of beer on the passenger seat and in the trunk .
Miller 's costume , which retails for about $ 30 , includes three sobriety levels : Boring , Life of the Party , and Sotally Tober .
It also includes a well - placed plastic tube with the instructions " Blow Here . " ( 2 pages )
Powering Up the Dark Matter Starship
I had intended to start the week with a look at Charlie Stross ’ ideas on the ‘ starship ’ metaphor , but I ’ll hold the Stross essay until tomorrow because I want to finish up Marcus Chown ’s piece in New Scientist .
On Friday we talked about the idea of using Hawking radiation from a man-made black hole to propel a starship .
That ’s outrageous idea number one , but Chown actually began the article with a look at Jia Liu ’s ideas on using dark matter to propel a ship , something along the lines of a Bussard ramjet without the hydrogen .
The Uses of Speculation
I enjoy looking at speculative concepts , even when they ’re so far out on the edge that they ’ve attained a kind of intellectual redshift , but New Scientist ‘s squib for the story surprised me :
“ We could reach the stars if we built a black hole starship or a dark matter rocket – we ’ve got the physics to do it . ”
Er , no , we do n’t have the physics to build a dark matter rocket .
We do n’t know what dark matter is .
The case for its existence seems strong , based on anomalous galactic rotations and galactic cluster gravitational lensing , but we ’re nowhere close to understanding the stuff .
The rhetorical stance that should be de rigeur for discussing ideas on the edge is a simple acknowledgment that speculation is worth doing for its own sake and does not necessarily imply fast or feasible implementation .
No further justification needed as long as we do n’t play to the grandstand .
Robert Bussard is well known among propulsion theorists , having proposed as far back as 1960 that a ramjet scooping up interstellar hydrogen with magnetic fields could sustain a fusion reaction and thus work its way up close to the speed of light .
Indeed , the Tau Zero Foundation was named after Poul Anderson ’s wonderful novel Tau Zero ( 1970 ) , which posited a runaway Bussard ramjet whose crew could n’t shut down the engine , to the point where the ship was punching through entire galaxies in mere minutes of time as experienced by the crew .
No spoiler here — you ’ll need to read the book ( a classic ) to see how it ends .
An Alternative to the Bussard Ramjet
Jia Liu ( New York University ) has the notion of modifying the Bussard ramjet to use dark matter , and this is precisely where we do not have the physics to proceed ( at least , not yet ) .
If dark matter is made of neutralinos , just one of the dark matter candidates , then the curious thing is that neutralios are their own antiparticles .
As Chown writes : “ … two neutralinos colliding under the right circumstances will annihilate each other . ”
The benefit is obvious — 100 percent of the mass of the dark matter is converted into energy .
As with the Bussard concept , the faster the dark matter starship goes , the better .
From the article :
Liu points out that the faster his dark matter rocket travels , the quicker it will scoop up dark matter and accelerate .
Precisely how quickly it can accelerate depends on the density of the surrounding dark matter , the collecting area of the engine and the mass of the rocket .
In his calculations , Liu assumes the starship weighs a mere 100 tonnes and has a collecting area of 100 square metres .
“ Such a rocket might be able to reach close to the speed of light within a few days , ” he says .
So the journey time to Proxima Centauri would be slashed from tens of thousands of years to just a few .
A Dark Matter Transportation Hub
But a rocket like this would be at its best when encountering dense regions of dark matter .
It ’s optimized , in other words , for the galactic core and any areas where dark matter should be concentrated .
In his recent paper on the subject , Liu says that fact makes him think of current human transportation , especially when he examines N - body simulation pictures of dark matter :
In the picture , there are bright big points which stand for large dense halos , and the dim small points for small sparse halos .
Interestingly , these halos have some common features with the cities on the Earth .
The dense halos can accelerate the spaceship to higher speed which make it the important nodes for the transportation .
However , the sparse halos can not accelerate the spaceship to very high speed , so the spaceship there would better go to the nearby dense halo to get higher speed if its destination is quite far from the sparse halos .
Remind you of anything ?
Well , I ’m just back from Austin , which I had to reach by going through Dallas .
To get to Cleveland from here , I have to go to Chicago .
Similarly , if we want to take international flight , we should go to the nearby big cities .
The small cities usually only have flights to the nearby big cities , but no international flights .
Thus we can understand the dense halos may be very important nodes in the future transportation , like the big cities on the Earth .
Too Weak an Interaction ?
I must say there are airline hubs that remind me more of black holes than dark matter concentrations , but let that pass .
The ‘ hub ’ comparison is familiar , but everything else about this has us shooting in the dark .
Just as we have not nailed down our model for dark matter , so we have no accurate idea of where all the dark matter concentrations are located in our own galaxy , other than the apparent clustering at the core .
We will presumably develop maps of the stuff one day .
We also run into the problem that some models of dark matter assume extremely weak interactions with normal matter .
Assuming dark matter exists ( and I believe it does ) , this would account for the extreme difficulty thus far in identifying dark matter particles through ongoing experiments here on Earth .
Liu is upfront about this , positing in the second paragraph of his paper that the particles he ’s dealing with do interact with normal matter :
“ Here we assume the DM particle and the annihilation products can not pass through the wall of the box . ”
The ‘ box ’ is the spacecraft engine , which he sees as having an open door that accepts incoming dark matter , after which “ …we compress the box and raise the number density of the DM for annihilation , where we assume the annihilation process happens immediately . ”
Later in the paper , Liu focuses again on the problem of weak interactions in various dark matter models :
The most serious problem comes from DM which are weakly interacting with matter .
Current direct searches of DM have given stringent bound on cross-section of DM and matter .
It may be difficult using matter to build the containers for the DM , because the cross-section is very small .
However , the dark sector may be as complex as our baryon world , for example the mirror world .
Thus the material from dark sector may build the container , since the interactions between particles in dark sector can be large .
A New Reaction Mass
So we do n’t know what dark matter is yet , and we may be dealing with something that ca n’t be housed in any propulsion system made of normal matter because it fails to interact with it .
But let ’s not give up on dark matter as reaction mass just yet .
Given that it is thought to outweigh visible matter by about six to one , finding a way to exploit it for propulsion would be a major breakthrough , and one we can not rule out for the far future .
If the neutralinos needed for Liu ’s starship are available , exploiting their energy may be well beyond our current technology , but until we ’ve got a handle on what dark matter actually is and how it interacts , continuing speculation seems advisable .
The paper is Jia Liu , “ Dark Matter as a Possible New Energy Source for Future Rocket Technology , ” available online .
by Paul Kukiel
I wiped my Old( ish ) Macbook and upgraded to Snow Leopard this gave my Core Duo 1.8 ghz 2g ram macbook a lease of new life .
I needed to re-setup my local dev enviroment and noticed a few people where unsure how to setup vhosts with apache default install with OSX 10.6/10.5/10.4 so here it is step by step .
Edit the hosts file to add a local DNS entry .
Add the domain name you wish to use 127.0.0.1 is the loopback IP do not change this IP .
Create the folders and files for the local website .
I chose to place the log files for apache in the site folder and the website content under a sub folder www .
Edit httpd.conf
I used path finder here to show the locations .
You can also use VI or any text editorOn line 465 uncomment : Include / private/etc/apache2/extra/httpd-vhosts.conf and save the file .
Edit : /etc/apache2/extra/httpd-vhosts.confAdd in the details of the new virtual host and save : ( I 'm running Railo on Tomcat locally so I have so additional parameters ) I also set my logging levels to log as much as possible .
Notice the location of the logs files matched the access.log and error.log files created earlierRun : apachectl - tto confirm there are no syntax errors .
I choose to leave the example sites , they cause a warning but it wont stop apache .
Then restart apache : sudo apachectl restartCreate a test file in the new folder for the virtual host ( / Users / Paul / Sites/paulsDev/www ) Confirm the new virtual host works :
If you 'd like to watch the logs in a terminal you can use tail : tail -f / the / Path/to/the/log/fileBTW
Dave made a great How - to on setting up Tomcat and Railo on OSX which you can view here .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
On Monday — one year after the once - mighty Lehman Brothers collapsed in the nation ’s biggest bankruptcy — President Obama addressed the state of the economy and again outlined his proposals for what he calls reform .
The location — Federal Hall at 26 Wall Street , near the New York Stock Exchange and New York Federal Reserve Bank — was fitting .
George Washington took his presidential oath there , a precursor for how intertwined Washington and Wall Street would become .
And Obama ’s speech indicates that he ’s still making the grave error of mistaking the health of Wall Street for the health of the American economy .
Obama chose not to deliver his speech on , say , the streets of Bend , Oregon , or Fresno , California , which provide different indicators of our economic predicament .
That ’s because Washington ’s approach to the crisis has been to focus on the banking system , throw a few crumbs to citizens , and hope everything else will magically work itself out .
The problem with concentrating on the banking system is that it allows the administration to present an overly optimistic assessment of its actions .
“ The storms of the past two years are beginning to break , ” Obama pronounced , attributing this to a government that “ moved quickly on all fronts , initializing a financial stability plan to rescue the system from the crisis and restart lending for all those affected by the crisis . ”
He continued : “ By taking aggressive and innovative steps in credit markets , we spurred lending not just to banks , but to folks looking to buy homes or cars , take out student loans , or finance small businesses .
Our home ownership plan has helped responsible homeowners refinance to stem the tide of lost homes and lost home values . ”
Those steps were certainly aggressive .
Under both the Bush and Obama administrations , the government , from the Federal Reserve to the Treasury Department , has flushed the banking systems and other components of the financial markets with $ 17.5 trillion worth of loans , guarantees , and other forms of support .
About another $ 1 trillion has been provided to citizens through the recovery package , first - time homeowner tax benefits , auto purchase credits , and approximately $ 800 billion to help guarantee the loans of certain lenders — which somewhat helps borrowers , but helps lenders more .
But these measures have hardly brought the economy back from the brink .
They brought Wall Street back from capital starvation and prevented the possibility of more big banks going bankrupt — instead of the slew of smaller and mid-size ones that have since met the same fate as Lehman Brothers .
Taking credit for stabilizing the financial system after feeding it with massive amounts of federal money is like a teacher bragging about turning around the academic performance of a failing student after handing them all the answers to the big tests .
Here ’s how the economy is really faring ( and how Washington is failing to take adequate steps to fix it ) :
National unemployment is at 9.7 percent , higher than last year ’s 5.8 percent , with double digit jobless rates in 139 metropolitan areas this July , compared to 14 last July .
The number of foreclosures is greater than last year : nearly 2 million new foreclosure filings occurred in the first half of 2009 , up 15 percent from the same period in 2008 .
While homes in some areas have begun to slowly sell again , they are doing so at deeply depressed prices , in many instances below their mortgage value .
Wall Street bonuses are back to pre-crisis levels .
For some firms , such as Goldman Sachs , they are even higher .
Bank leverage , or excessive borrowing on the back of risky assets — a major cause of the meltdown — is rising again .
Geithner recently reported that his program to enable private financial firms to buy up toxic assets with government help will wind up costing less than the $ 1 trillion he had first envisioned .
However , he did not mention that there are less toxic assets available to buy partly because the Fed has allowed banks to use some toxic assets as collateral in return for cheap loans .
Big banks are bigger than they were last year .
Since the Fed blessed more mergers last fall , the nation ’s three largest banks — Bank of America , JPMorgan Chase and Wells Fargo — hold the maximum percentage of legally permissable US deposits or more .
Mid-size and smaller banks keep closing .
This year , the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ( FDIC ) has closed 92 banks and depleted its deposit insurance money in the process .
We still do n’t have detailed information on the trillions of dollars of loans the Fed handed out to the banking sector or about the quality of the collateral banks provided in return .
Obama did acknowledge that the picture is n’t entirely rosy .
He also outlined his ideas for avoiding another catastrophe : reshuffle the decks of regulatory agencies , slap a few trading constraints on some derivatives , and create a Consumer Financial Protection Agency ( CFPA ) .
But while Obama ’s rhetoric was stern — ” normalcy cannot lead to complacency , ” he vowed — the proposals themselves are hardly sweeping .
Obama ’s plan calls for eliminating the Office of Thrift Supervision and providing greater oversight by the Fed of “ systemically important ” institutions .
The Senate is trying to water that down , in part because some members of both parties in Congress remain skeptical about the power of the Fed itself .
The Senate also wants to consolidate regulatory authority into fewer entities , but leave oversight to a council of regulators .
Of course , consolidating regulatory oversight only works if regulators are doing their jobs and the banking system is transparent enough to allow them to do so .
The last leg of Obama ’s proposal would be establishing the CFPA , which would monitor financial products in an effort to protect consumers from risky instruments such as subprime mortgages .
Legislation to create such an agency is expected to be taken up this year by the House Financial Services Committee , chaired by Rep. Barney Frank ( D - Mass ) .
A strong CFPA is a sensible plan .
Right now there is no other body imbued with the power not just to protect consumers but also to foster the general economic stability that would be achieved by closely monitoring the integrity of financial products .
This proposal has drawn the most ire from the banking community , so you know it ’s good .
The Chamber of Commerce launched a $ 2 million ad campaign to convince people that a CFPA would mean that local butcher could n’t extend credit to his customers without government interference .
But Obama ’s reforms do not strike deeply enough .
The banking crisis has been subdued , not fixed , because of enormous amounts of government assistance .
Ignoring that fact , and failing to overhaul the sector , leaves us open to another crisis .
And the next round will be worse , because there is now so much more federal money invested in the banks .
Simply funding the banking system without reforming it is an expensive and dangerous game .
Obama is capable of truly fixing things — by dividing up the Wall Street mega - banks with a new Glass Steagall Act , thereby enabling the success of more extensive regulatory reforms .
Or , he could introduce a set of cosmetic changes that allow banks to keep doing what they did before last year ’s crisis and that put us on the path for the next one .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
Nearly 40 years after members of a U.S. cavalry unit put their lives in peril to save 100 fellow soldiers trapped under blistering enemy fire in Vietnam , they received the Presidential Unit Citation on Tuesday .
Veterans watch Tuesday 's ceremony , which recognized members of a U.S. cavalry unit .
It 's an honor their captain says is long overdue .
President Obama awarded the citation for extraordinary heroism and conspicuous gallantry to 86 members of the Army 's Troop A , First Squadron , 11th Armored Cavalry Regiment .
" These soldiers defined the meaning of bravery and heroism , " Obama said at a White House reception honoring the group 's heroics .
" It 's never too late .
You can never say it enough .
...
We honor your service , and America is forever grateful . "
On March 26 , 1970 , the 120 - member Troop A volunteered to rescue an American infantry company surrounded by an overwhelming enemy force at a site on the Cambodian border called the Dog 's Face .
The enemy had survived hours of aerial and artillery bombardment and was expected to kill or capture the 100 American infantrymen in Company C within hours .
The Americans were running out of ammunition and could not move because of heavy casualties .
There were no available landing zones for medical and rescue helicopters to touch down .
Alpha Troop heard of their plight on a radio and rode in with an infantry company to rescue their comrades .
" Troop A skillfully penetrated four kilometers of nearly impassable jungle terrain and unhesitatingly mounted a fierce assault directly into the heavily fortified North Vietnamese army position , " the presidential proclamation states .
Do n't Miss Photos of fallen Vietnam veterans sought
When the battle was over , more than 70 Americans lay dead or wounded .
For retired Capt .
John Poindexter , who led the rescue , the award is for all Vietnam veterans , many of whom came home to an unwelcome and sometimes hostile reception .
" The veterans of Alpha Troop feel very strongly that we stand in the stead of all veterans of the war of Vietnam , " Poindexter told CNN before the ceremony .
" The fact is that we 're being singled out for a very distinct honor , a very rare one , but it is our conviction that on any day in any other jungle in Vietnam , nearly every Vietnam veteran would have been willing to assume the task that we assumed on March 26 , 1970 , when we earned the Presidential Unit Citation . "
Poindexter had been trying to gain recognition for his men for the past seven years .
Initially , he felt deep disappointment .
In 2003 , he discovered that the men he had recommended for decorations for their valor had not received those citations .
Eventually , 14 men received individual decorations .
That was not enough .
" My role in obtaining the PUC [ Presidential Unit Citation ] -- or in helping to obtain the PUC -- among the 200 persons who were involved in this matter over a seven - year period , was to be in the unhappy position of discovering that the men who I had recommended for decorations had not been recommended , had not been awarded those decorations , " the retired captain said .
" The result of that was that we got 14 men decorated for their valor , but 14 men out of more than 120 who were engaged in the battle on that fateful day were only a pittance , only a minority , of those who might have been honored .
Only a unit citation could honor all equally and impartially , and it was that task we set ourselves on nearly seven years ago . "
He believes lack of popular support for the war had much to do with it taking so long for Alpha Troop to be recognized .
" There 's little question in our minds that the unpopularity of the war in Vietnam is a major contributing factor to the reception these men received when they returned to the United States and a major factor , in my opinion , in the silence that most of them have assumed since then , " Poindexter said .
" Why talk about something that most people do n't have a very high opinion of in all likelihood ?
And if that is n't true , nevertheless , it 's what most of these men think .
They were engaged in an unpopular venture that has bedeviled them for much of their adult lives . "
Now , the circle has been closed .
" It 's a very elevating experience to see the men that I have not seen for 40 years since War Zone C in Vietnam , " the former captain said .
" These are persons who have had success in life , and some have not had a lot of success in life , and to see how they 've turned out , how they look these days , and to know I 'll be with them in the White House [ Tuesday ] is a very fulfilling sensation for me .
" For me , the sensation of being honored is one of having closed an important chapter on my life in a very fruitful and rewarding way . "
The Presidential Unit Citation is awarded to armed forces units of the United States and allies for extraordinary heroism against an armed enemy on or after December 7 , 1941 .
The unit must display such gallantry , determination and esprit de corps under extremely difficult and hazardous conditions so as to set it apart from and above other units participating in the same campaign .
All About Veterans ' Affairs • War and Conflict • Vietnam
As Zero Hedge speculated recently , the latest participant on the gold bandwagon is now officially Russia , which last month was said to be considering a sale of up to 25 tons of gold .
That posturing did not last too long .
Not only that , but Russia is now also actively participating in the dollar intervention market , buying more than $ 1 billion of dollars to keep the ruble low .
Due to moderating inflation and a rapidly appreciating ruble , the country is now considering diversification in the same way that India and China presumable are : by shifting into dollars .
Look for much more upside pressure on Gold as more and more countries become disgusted with the way Bernanke is treating both American 's citizens and the country 's currency .
Reuters reporting :
Russia 's central bank does not exclude further rate cuts before the end of 2009 and may buy gold from the state repository , Gokhran , the bank 's first deputy chairman , Alexei Ulyukayev , said on Monday .
" We will buy ( gold ) only if conditions are adequate , " Ulyukayev told reporters .
Last month , Russian media reported that the government planned to sell 25 tonnes of gold , possibly on the local market , from the repository .
Separately , Ulyukayev said the central bank has bought more than $ 1 billion in November on the foreign exchange market to cap the appreciation of the rouble .
The vast majority of the purchases came on Monday amid increased interest from investors in the rouble and its instruments , pressuring the Russian currency to firm further .
And as for the most stinging critique of Bernanke 's attempt to force the US taxpayer to become the only holder of MBS in the world , the first deputy chairman of Russia 's Central Bank had this to say of just how much credibility the rest of the world has in the Fed 's balance sheet ( which now soon will consist almost 50 % of MBS and Agencies ) .
Ulyukayev also said the central bank had no plans to invest again in U.S. mortgage agency bonds .
" We have fully exited from them and we have no plans to go back , " Ulyukayev said .
One by one , Bernanke is managing to alienate every foreign Central Bank .
First of all , it has to be said that this once common burial practice in Tibet is pretty hard to ‘ digest ’ for our ‘ civilized ’ world , and there ’s a big chance you ’ll find the pictures shocking .
As adepts of Buddhism , Tibetans believe the single most important part of a person is its spirit , and after death , there is no reason to preserve the body , which is just a hollow vessel .
Also , wood is very scarce and the soil is really rocky , making it hard to dig a grave .
That ’s pretty much why , after a somebody dies , the corpse was cut in specific locations and placed on a mountaintop where vultures feed off of it or it just decomposes .
My first impression when I first heard of it was quite severe ; but thinking about it better , it does seem to make sense .
I mean , digging a grave would be extremely hard and impractical , while finding enough fuel or wood for cremation would be practically impossible .
Also , the spiritual meaning is not hard to understand , when you think outside the western ideology .
The deceased is providing food for a part of nature , which is a proof of generosity , one of the most important things in Buddhism .
ADVERTISEMENT
The Tibetan name for this ceremony is jhator , which literally means “ giving alms to the birds ” .
“ Sky burial and open cremation may initially appear grotesque for Westerners , especially if they have not reflected on their own burial practice of embalming .
For Tibetan Buddhists , sky burial and cremation are templates of instructional teaching on the impermanence of life . ” ( unknown )
ADVERTISEMENT
It appeared grotesque for the Chinese government too , who prohibited it from 1950 to 1980 , and non-Tibetans are allowed to witness this ceremony , though filming or even taking pictures is considered highly offensive .
The full procedure is quite expensive , and for those who ca n’t afford it , simply placing the deceased on a high rock is the favorite option .
The ceremony takes place in light spirit , as the rogyapas ( monks ) who perform the ceremony talk to each other as when doing any other physical labor .
There are different ways to do this ; beating the body and bones together to a pulp is not uncommon , while some witnesses reported breaking the bones and cartilages with sledge hammers .
The vulture in this ceremony is nicknamed the “ Eurasian Griffon ” , and even with its big appetite , it ca n’t eat all that it ’s being offered , because in some places there are even a few sky burials per day .
I had some quite interesting talks regarding this ceremony , so please share your opinion on this , it ’d be great to see what you guys think about it .
Fourth and Long
As you ’re watching the Raiders and Cowboys ( or , for late eaters , the Giants and Broncos ) butt heads this Thursday , ponder this : NFL teams do n’t go for it enough .
That can teach us a lot about more consequential fields , including foreign policy .
The attachment to punting , at the expense of winning , shows how conventional wisdom discourages leaders from doing what is best for their teams , firms , and country .
Consider the controversy that ’s still raging in Boston : the New England Patriots ’ decision to go for the win on fourth down against the Indianapolis Colts on Nov. 15 .
The Patriots led the Colts by six with about two minutes left .
It was fourth and 2 .
Going for it and failing meant giving the ball back to star quarterback Peyton Manning , in his home stadium , 28 yards from the endzone .
Punt and the Colts would have to drive some 60 yards to get the touchdown .
Punting , we all know , is the safe thing to do there .
Coach Bill Belichick went for it .
Tom Brady ’s pass to Kevin Faulk was ruled short of the first - down marker , and the Colts then scored and won .
Fans and commentators denounced Belichick ’s gamble .
Boston Globe columnist Dan Shaughnessy called it an unrivaled gaffe .
Former Patriots safety Rodney Harrison said it was the worst decision he had seen Belichick make .
The old Colts coach , Tony Dungy , said you go with the percentages and punt .
But the percentages do n’t say that .
Belichick did n’t gamble , according to analysts who use NFL history to judge how coaching decisions impact the probability of winning .
AdvancedNFLStats.com , for example , found that going for it in that situation gives a team a 79 percent chance of winning .
( The quick breakdown : Teams pick up fourth and twos 60 percent of the time .
Convert , and you can run out the clock and win .
If you do n’t make it , the opponent gets a touchdown just over half the time . )
Punting , by contrast , gives a team only a 70 percent chance of winning .
And those are averages — with the Colts ’ elite offense playing against a worn - out Pats ’ defense , the case for punting is worse .
Among football - stats hobbyists , that conclusion is uncontroversial .
They are puzzled why teams punt so often .
An economist , David Romer , even analyzed past NFL fourth downs and found that teams have systematically given away points by kicking .
He reasoned that if the NFL ’s competitive pressures do n’t cause teams to maximize scoring , markets might not cause firms to maximize profit .
Social convention explains this deviation from what seems rational .
Five Super Bowl rings give Belichick the job security to play the odds and let critics howl .
Less - secure coaches have a different calculus .
Critics can ruin their career .
To protect their reputation , they might punt even knowing that it lowers the odds of winning .
Punting reinforces the convention — if Tony Dungy does it , it must make sense — making it tougher for new Belichicks to emerge .
Examples in business abound .
Economic downturn might ruin a bank carrying excessive debt given its equity .
The bank ’s interest is to reduce debt .
But bankers opposing risky investments might look foolish while a boom continues , encouraging them to let sleeping dogs lie .
The managers ’ interests do n’t match the firm’s .
Economists call this the principal - agent problem .
It can occur in any situation where someone is making decisions for someone else , including government .
Democracy uses elections to tie agents ’ interests to their principals ’ .
But rational politicians can’t serve the national interest if the public misperceives it .
The business of fighting terrorism is particularly prone to this problem .
As with most national security dangers , information about terrorism comes mostly from public institutions that combat it .
Their bureaucratic interest is often to promote worst - case estimates .
Furthermore , terrorism ’s attributes make people overly fearful of its consequences .
Psychology shows that traumatic events like the Sept. 11 attacks sear themselves into our consciousness , causing us to overestimate their likelihood .
We also tend to fear mysterious , uncontrollable risks like biological terrorism far more than more mundane and deadly ones , like driving .
Overestimation of terrorism ’s danger spreads as people learn from their friends .
Some doubt that judgment but echo it anyway , because conformity is polite .
Pundits , who fear that heretical views will damage their careers , do the same .
This dishonesty strengthens the conventional wisdom .
This process explains why the public overestimates al Qaeda ’s menace .
In its history , it has killed about one - tenth the number of Americans that die annually from the flu .
Even in the Taliban ’s Afghanistan , it never came close to acquiring nuclear or biological weapons .
Though friendly militias have harbored al Qaeda in western Pakistan since late 2001 , the group has not launched another successful attack against U.S. territory .
Opinion polls suggest that the jihadist movement that spawned al Qaeda is waning — unsurprisingly , for an unappealing ideology that considers even most Muslims legitimate targets for murder .
The exaggerated fear of al Qaeda creates a sellers ’ market for policies advertised as confronting terrorism , like surging troops in Afghanistan .
Without threat inflation , the war flunks a simple cost - benefit analysis .
Nearly 500 coalition troops have died fighting this year .
By some estimates , sending another 40,000 troops to Afghanistan will bring the war ’s cost to about $ 100 billion a year , and that ’s not even counting long - term expenses like veteran ’s care , and investments foregone at home .
Given a realistic threat assessment , it is hard to see how a drawdown in Afghanistan would allow al Qaeda to do enough damage to justify these costs .
That ’s true even if you grant hawks their questionable assumptions that our troops do n’t just inflame the Pashtun separatism that fuels the Taliban and that Afghan Taliban commanders would again harbor al Qaeda .
The Belichick controversy suggests a possible solution .
By drawing attention to analysis that challenged conventional wisdom , the debate convinced some fans , including me , that the coach was right .
Growing dissent could encourage more coaches to go for it .
Likewise , iconoclasm in foreign policy debate , abetted by events , can change public opinion and empower doves .
The purpose of political science ought to be to provide its own version of AdvancedNFLStats , directed toward the national interest .
Belichick has long provided a blueprint for how to win football games — given help , his rational approach can also provide insight into how protect America .
​ When you seek medical attention , you have an expectation of competent care .
When an unexpected error or medical malpractice occurs , you could be facing deteriorating health and a litany of new expenses .
At Davis & Davis , Attorneys at Law , we can help you seek the compensation you deserve .
We work with individuals throughout the state of Texas , and we wo n’t hesitate to come to you .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
The US House of Representatives has backed a healthcare bill in a step towards reforms promised by President Obama , despite strong opposition .
Passed in a narrow 220 - 215 vote , the bill aims to extend coverage to 36 million more Americans and provide affordable healthcare to 96 % .
The Senate now has to pass its own bill and the two must then be reconciled before the programme can become law .
Mr Obama has made healthcare reform a central plank of his domestic agenda .
He described Saturday 's vote in the House as " historic " , saying he was " absolutely confident " the Senate would follow suit .
Correspondents say the legislation could lead to the biggest changes in American healthcare in decades .
Concessions
The bill was supported by 219 Democrats and one Republican - Joseph Cao from New Orleans .
Opposed were 176 Republicans and 39 Democrats .
Mr Obama said : " The United States Senate must follow suit and pass its version of the legislation .
I am absolutely confident it will , and I look forward to signing comprehensive health insurance reform into law by the end of the year . "
KEY BILL PROVISIONS
Aims to provide affordable healthcare to 96 % to redress 2008 figure of 47 million uninsured Individuals must obtain coverage and most firms must provide it to workers Creates an insurance market for purchase of coverage
One product will be a government health insurance plan People with pre-existing health problems cannot be denied insurance Funded by raft of measures , including 5.4 % surtax on those earning $ 500,000 a year or more
Those who earn up to 150 % of poverty level to qualify for Medicaid government programme for the poor Insurers must justify increases in premiums
Q&A : US healthcare reform
Send us your views on reforms
The debate had sparked strong emotions on both sides .
Democratic Party representative John Dingell said : " [ The bill ] offers everyone , regardless of health or income , the peace of mind that comes from knowing they will have access to affordable healthcare when they need it . "
But Republican representative Candice Miller said : " We are going to have a complete government takeover of our healthcare system faster than you can say `this is making me sick ' . "
Before Saturday 's vote , Mr Obama had made a rare visit to Congress to try to persuade wavering members of his own Democratic Party to back the bill .
He said such opportunities came around " maybe once in a generation " .
After the vote , the speaker of the House , Nancy Pelosi , said : " I thank the president for his tremendous leadership , because without President Obama in the White House , this victory would not have been possible . "
The bill will allow the government to sell insurance in competition with private companies and make insurers offer cover to those with pre-existing conditions .
However , the government - run healthcare programme - the so - called " public option " - was scaled back in the run-up to the vote .
One key concession to get the bill through was to anti-abortion legislators .
An amendment was passed that prohibits coverage for abortion in the government - run programme except for rape , incest or if the mother 's life is threatened .
Private plans can still offer the cover .
Democrat Bart Stupak , who sponsored the amendment , said : " Let us stand together on principle - no public funding for abortions . "
Abortion rights supporters said the amendment was the biggest setback to their cause in decades .
A Senate debate on healthcare reform is expected in the coming days .
Senate majority leader Harry Reid said after the House vote : " We realise the strong will for reform that exists , and we are energised that we stand closer than ever to reforming our broken health insurance system . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Chad Ochocinco has been fined $ 20,000 by the NFL for flashing a dollar bill at an official during a replay challenge -- a joking attempt at what the Bengals receiver referred to as a " bribe " -- in last Sunday 's Cincinnati -Baltimore game .
In the third quarter of the Bengals ' eventual victory , Cincinnati quarterback Carson Palmer completed a 15 - yard pass to Ochocinco .
Baltimore challenged the call , contending that he was out of bounds , and the Ravens won the challenge .
While the play was under review , Ochocinco held a $ 1 bill at his side .
The official appeared aware of his antic and waved him off .
" I was just being me , " Ochocinco told the NFL Network after the game .
" I was n't going to do it for real . "
According to a league spokesman , Ray Anderson , the league 's executive vice president of football operations , fined Ochocinco for violating a rule that " prohibits use of abusive , threatening or insulting language or gestures toward game officials .
He was also in violation of Rule 12 , Section 3 , Article 1 ( f ) of the Playing Rules which prohibits possession or use of extraneous objects that are not part of the uniform during the game on the field or sideline . "
Agra Day Tour
Visit Agra Taj Mahal .
Explore history of Taj Mahal and ask for free Taj Mahal pictures .
Air - conditioned coaches and cars every day at your doorstep depart from Delhi to Agra .
Reserve a same day train trip package to Agra .
No advance , no booking fees , booking guarantee and 24/7 customer support are now added features of the trip .
Opportunity to travel on luxurious & speed train runs from New Delhi to Agra .
There is no better way of visiting Agra in a leisurely day out from New Delhi .
Tours Highlights
Price : US $ 68 PER PERSON .
Places to Visit : Taj Mahal , Agra Fort and Fatehpur Sikri .
Transport : Air - conditioned speed train and luxury private car .
Schedule of the day
Leave your hotel early morning & make it to the station accompanying our representative .
Train will depart New Delhi station by 0600 hours .
You will be welcome aboard and comfortably seated with bottle of mineral water .
You will be served superb breakfast at your place in airlines fashion .
Train scheduled to arrive in Agra at 0755 hours .
After " Welcome " briefing at Agra station , you then take a ride in air - conditioned car & will proceed with guided tour of Agra .
Morning hour 's city sightseeing tour includes Taj Mahal and Agra Fort
After the morning sightseeing , lunch will be served at one of the best hotel in Agra , hotel The Gateway .
In the afternoon you will be taken to Fatehpur Sikri , sight is twenty miles from Agra & drive of one hour .
Prior to your train departure from Agra , opportunity to enjoy a last - minute shopping of gifts and reminder of your visit to Agra .
Arrive at New Delhi station , transfer to your hotel in Delhi .
P.S : If needed we could arrange drive back to Delhi .
" Tour Ends Here "
Train options : Travel by Gatiman Express .
What should you wear : Wear casual clothing , appropriate for the weather conditions .
You get : Air - conditioned standard class train tickets .
Breakfast and dinner served at seat .
Lunch ( Buffet ) at five star hotel in Agra .
Arrival / Departure and sightseeing with air - conditioned transport .
English guide .
All applied tax .
You do n't get : Entry fee to the all sightseeing places .
( Taj Mahal : INR 1300 , Agra Fort : INR 500 , Fatehpur Sikri : INR 500 ) Tips & personal expenses other than specified above .
Child below 12 Years is free .
Conditions :
This tour is not running on Friday's .
Train time subject to change with prior notice .
Tour is operated in English unless otherwise stated .
Booking cancelled within 03 days of travel date incur 100 % cancellation as penalty .
How to book the tour ?
Email us:info@indiatraveltours.com specifies name and age of travelers , travel date and pick - up place .
For further query fill up the below form
Book Now
Information about Agra :
Temperature : ( July 06 2020 ) - Max. : 32 °C Min. : 40°C
Distances ( In Kilometer ) : Delhi - 200 , Jaipur - 265 , Khajuraho - 400 , Varanasi - 607 , Ranthambore - 300 , Udaipur - 650 , Jodhpur - 550
Entry Fee ( In INR ) : Taj Mahal : 1300 , Agra Fort : 500 , Fatehpur Sikri : 500 .
Some other trains for Agra : Taj Express - 07.15/09.50 hours , Punjab Mail - 05.30/08.20 hours .
Gatiman Express - 08.10/09.55 hours
Taj Mahal at moon light : tourists are allowed to view Taj Mahal in the night only on full moon days Full Moon dates : Year 2019 - September 13 , October 13 , November 11 , December 11 .
Excursions from Agra ( In Kilometers ) : Fatehpur Sikri-35 , Bhartpur Bird Sanctuary - 60 , Mathura - 60 , Gwalior - 118
Visiting Hours : Taj Mahal and all monuments from Sunrise to Sunset .
Hotels in Agra : Five star : Taj View , Mughal Sheraton , Jaypee Palace , The Trident .
Four star : Howard Park Plaza , Hotel Mansingh .
Three star : Hotel Amar , Hotel Mayur , Raj Mahal .
Things to keep in mind while in Agra :
While in Agra , it is better to be cautious , then to repent at leisure !
There are few warnings one is advised to always keep in mind when visiting Agra for day trip or otherwise :
* Pickpockets are a great menace , so be always watchful about your wallet , and other valuables .
* The touts are often insistent and nasty .
It is therefore advised that you are always polite but firm in your refuse .
* The street vendors are frequently relentless and even a casual inquiry about their ware can result in a vicious chase .
* Be cautious about fake articles , particularly the marble mementos , which could be cheap articles made up of chalk .
Be extremely cautious about the road side food , as it might easily land you up with a bout of diarrhea .
* It is always advisable to source your water bottles only from your hotel and carry them with you .
* When hiring a rickshaw , or planning a camel ride , try to drive a hard bargain for the best possible price .
OTHER RELATED TOURS :
Words fail :
I ’ve always found the Book of Matthew rather beautiful : “ For I was hungry and you gave me something to eat , I was thirsty and you gave me something to drink , I was a stranger and you invited me in , I needed clothes and you clothed me , I was sick and you looked after me , I was in prison and you came to visit me … . ”
It goes on to say , “ Unless you live in a city where gays can get married , in which case , to hell with it . ”
OK , it does n’t really say that last part , but the D.C. Archdiocese may be confused on the point .
BAGHDAD ( Reuters ) -
Two suicide bombs tore through Baghdad on Sunday , killing 132 people , wounding more than 500 and leaving mangled bodies and cars on the streets in one of Iraq ’s deadliest days this year .
The two blasts shredded buildings and smoke billowed from the area near the Tigris River .
The first bomb targeted the Justice Ministry and the second , minutes later , was aimed at the nearby provincial government building , police said .
Prime Minister Nuri al - Maliki ’s office said that the bombs were meant to sow chaos in Iraq similar to attacks on August 19 against the finance and foreign ministries , and were aimed at stopping an election in January .
“ It is the same black hands who are covered in the blood of the Iraqi people , ” a statement from Maliki ’s office said .
“ They want to cause chaos in the nation , hinder the political process and prevent the parliamentary election . ”
U.S. President Barack Obama said the bombings were outrageous and the White House said he had called Maliki and Iraqi President Jalal Talabani to pledge to “ stand with the Iraqis . ”
“ These bombings serve no purpose other than the murder of innocent men , women and children , and they only reveal the hateful and destructive agenda of those who would deny the Iraqi people the future that they deserve , ” Obama said in a statement .
Violence has fallen since U.S. - backed tribal sheikhs helped wrest control from al Qaeda and Washington sent extra troops .
But attacks are still common in a nation trying to rebuild from years of conflict and prepare for the election at the same time as U.S. forces start to withdraw .
Officials have blamed unnamed neighbours for not stopping the attacks -- a reference to Iraqi complaints that Syria provides a safe haven for former Baathists while citizens of other Sunni Muslim states help fund the insurgency in Iraq .
Iran , meanwhile , has been accused of funding and arming Shi’ite militia .
“ The neighboring and distant countries should immediately refrain , forever , from harboring , financing and facilitating forces that openly proclaim their hostility to the Iraqi state , ” Talabani said in a statement .
Attacks could rise in the run-up to the election -- the second national vote since U.S. troops invaded in 2003 -- as forces in and around Iraq jockey for influence over the world ’s third largest oil reserves .
Some lawmakers criticized the security forces for failing to stop the attack .
Government officials blamed the bombings on al Qaeda or remnants of former leader Saddam Hussein ’s Baath party .
“ BIG FAILURE ”
Slideshow ( 10 images )
The area near the provincial building was flooded and fire fighters pulled charred and torn corpses off the streets .
Burned cars piled up nearby .
Workers on cranes combed the broken facade of the Justice Ministry , pulling out bodies wrapped in blankets .
“ I do n’t know how I ’m still alive .
The explosion destroyed everything .
Nothing is still in its place , ” shop owner Hamid Saadi told Reuters by telephone from near the Justice Ministry .
U.S. forces provided forensics teams and bomb experts .
Slideshow ( 10 images )
Police sources said the bombs were carried in vans driven by suicide bombers while others said a truck and car were used .
The al - Mansour hotel , which houses the Chinese embassy and several foreign media groups , was also damaged .
U.S. officials say the attacks are aimed at reigniting the sectarian conflict that gripped Iraq after the U.S. - led invasion that deposed Saddam , or at undermining confidence in Maliki before the parliamentary poll .
Maliki is widely expected to campaign on improved security .
The attacks were launched as his government tries to sign multi-billion dollar crude deals , expected to turn Iraq into the world ’s third largest oil producer .
The bombings raise doubts about the Iraqi forces ’ ability to take over overall security from U.S. soldiers who pulled out of Iraqi city centers in June ahead of the complete withdrawal from the country by the end of 2011 .
“ This breach is a big failure of the security forces who are responsible , along with the security officials , for what happened , ” said Jalal al - Din al - Sagheer , who heads the parliamentary bloc of the Supreme Islamic Iraqi Council , one of Maliki ’s main Shi’ite rivals in the coming election .
OCTOBER 20 -- In the market for a set of used grills once worn by a perp ?
Well , Tennessee cops may have some gold for your cash .
The Nashville Police Department is auctioning a confiscated " set of custom made teeth grills , " with the proceeds of the sale earmarked for the Police State Drug Fund .
As seen in the accompanying photos , the mouth ornament is adorned with six topaz stones and two citrine stones .
The grill is made of 10 karat yellow gold and carries an appraised value of $ 349 .
It is unclear in whose mouth the item previously resided , but the jewelry was most recently stored in the Nashville P.D. 's property room , according to a city worker who assured TSG that the grill had been thoroughly cleaned by a jeweler .
Prospective bidders can inspect the jewelry -- but not try it on -- at a municipal warehouse between 8 AM and 3 PM , Monday through Thursday .
But hurry , bidding closes in six days .
( 3 pages )
This review contains spoilers .
One might be excused for wondering what , exactly , German director Roland Emmerich has against the United States .
After all , his films ( such as Independence Day and The Day After Tomorrow ) are known for showing American icons such as the White House and the Statue of Liberty being destroyed .
With his new film 2012 , Emmerich ups the ante , depicting a global disaster caused by terrestrial instability .
John Cusack stars as Jackson Curtis , a Los Angeles writer whose failed novel causes the end of his marriage .
Jackson wants to reunite with his family and ends up ( almost literally ) going to the ends of the earth to save them .
At the same time in Washington , DC , the president ’s chief science advisor discovers an impending danger in the earth ’s unsettled tectonic plates .
He butts heads with the chief of staff over when the information should be made public and who they should tell first .
The film tackles a variety of weighty questions , such as :
If the end of the world was coming , what would you do ?
If only the government knew , who should be told ?
If there was a way that some people could survive , who should decide who lives and who dies ?
In the case of a true global catastrophe , is there really any point to announcing it to the world ?
Put simply , if everyone ’s going to die in thirty - six hours and there ’s nothing anyone can do , what ’s the point in telling people ?
Assuming you had perfect knowledge , why bother ?
Some people would panic , others would n’t believe it anyway , and still others would try to write and market their book on it overnight .
These are interesting questions , but they unfortunately get lost amid the film ’s shouting , explosions , and crashes .
About a half dozen subplots appear , several of them awkwardly aborted in the rush to get to the disaster scenes .
Then there are the implausibilities — and I ’m not even talking about Los Angeles sliding into the ocean in such a cinematic fashion .
Jackson Curtis has more lives than James Bond and Indiana Jones put together : he literally outruns fireballs and earthquakes , saving the day with each step .
But my favorite eye - roller is when almost the entire world has been consumed by fire and flood — except , apparently , the parts that allow a last - minute cell phone call so that two lead characters can share one last scene together .
But to criticize a disaster film for being implausible is a bit silly itself .
People do n’t go to disaster movies to see rich emotional tapestry or Memento - like airtight logic ; they go to see stuff get blown up .
And on that level , it succeeds .
Destroying the world is not easy , and the filmmakers used a variety of special effect techniques to bring global disaster to the big screen .
From a visual effects standpoint alone , 2012 is a remarkable achievement .
The actors were often on moving sets — none of that cheesy original Star Trek technique of throwing actors to the floor while shaking the camera to simulate explosion concussions .
In many of the scenes , the objects are actually collapsing around the actors while giant gimbals and hydraulic lifts jostle and jolt the sets .
Some of the scenes are remarkably effective ( a shot of a giant wave overtaking a cruise ship is genuinely chilling , reminding me of The Perfect Storm ) , while others look like a cartoonish video game .
The film is basically a retelling of the biblical flood story and has nothing to do with the date 2012 .
It could have been set in 1995 or 2013 , but the 2012 angle made a perfect hook for the film :
Why not tie it in with the supposed end of the world , allegedly tied to the end of the Mayan calendar in 2012 ?
Not surprisingly , Columbia Pictures is taking full advantage of the New Agey 2012 doomsday discussion / panic / concern to help promote the film .
Over the past year or so , many people have suggested that the year 2012 will bring some sort of significant change , either catastrophic disaster ( as in the film ) or perhaps a new age of enlightenment ( as in what did not happen with the so - called Harmonic Convergence in 1987 ) .
The link between global catastrophe and Mayan calendar - based prophecy is tenuous at best .
Some ads for the 2012 film begin with the phrase “ The Mayans warned us , ” though of course the Mayans did not “ warn ” anyone — they simply had a calendar system that happens to “ end ” in 2012 , much as our Gregorian calendar “ ends ” on December 31 .
The Mayans never said the world would end that year and have shown irritation and contempt for the way that their culture has been co-opted into pop-culture notions and Hollywood blockbuster film promotions .
New Age and doomsday authors have been cranking out 2012 - themed books at an amazing pace over the past six months ; there are literally tens of thousands of such titles in print , with more hitting bookstores every day .
It seems that anyone with access to a keyboard and an opinion on 2012 ( or prophecy in general ) is out there trying to cash in .
It will be interesting to see how many of these books will be for sale on Amazon.com for even one cent on January 1 , 2013 .
I interviewed the director and cast of 2012 for LiveScience.com ; you can see the videos of the interviews online at http://www.newsarama.com/common/media/video/player.php?videoRef=NA_091028_2012-Emmerich#playerTop.
Of particular interest to Skeptical Inquirer readers is my interview with Chiwetel Ejiofor , in which he discusses how his character struggles to maintain scientific integrity in the face of political influences .
After the Bush administration ’s well - publicized antiscience stance and overt attempts to bend scientific research for political ends , this point seems especially relevant .
Though 2012 is not a great film , it does have some interesting pro-science aspects that skeptics should take note of .
While John Cusack is the lead star , the hero of the film is really a black scientist , Adrian Helmsley ( Chiwetel Ejiofor ) .
Helmsley is the president ’s chief science advisor , and it is he who first discovers the impending danger .
The film somewhat realistically portrays the difficulties of scientific uncertainty — how sure do you have to be to sound the alarm ?
This is not an academic question but arises in discussions of scientific prediction on a wide range of topics , from asteroid impacts to global warming .
Not only is the scientist the hero , he is also the film ’s major moral compass .
There are no evil , white lab - coated scientists in 2012 ; there are only scientists ( and a few nerds thrown in for good measure ) doing their best to save humanity .
2012 is a completely humanistic disaster film ; the catastrophes are not the work of either angry gods or magic spells but nature itself .
The film shows prayer failing miserably to stop the destruction — even the Pope in the Vatican gets smacked away ( Emmerich told me he originally wanted to show Mecca being destroyed but did n’t want to risk a fatwa ) .
In the end it is science — hardworking , unglamorous science — that saves the day .
These are wonderful , humanistic , pro-science depictions that I ’d hope to see in more films ; it ’s a shame to see them buried amid so many CGI disasters and explosions in 2012 .
ClickPlay 2 is a funny point - n - click puzzle game by Ninjadoodle .
Mission of ClickPlay is to point , click and drag your way through 24 puzzles in order to find the PLAY button .
Much of the discussion in recent days has been motivated by the idea that climate science is somehow unfairly restricting access to raw data upon which scientific conclusions are based .
This is a powerful meme and one that has clear resonance far beyond the people who are actually interested in analysing data themselves .
However , many of the people raising this issue are not aware of what and how much data is actually available .
Therefore , we have set up a page of data links to sources of temperature and other climate data , codes to process it , model outputs , model codes , reconstructions , paleo - records , the codes involved in reconstructions etc .
We have made a start on this on a new Data Sources page , but if anyone has other links that we ’ve missed , note them in the comments and we ’ll update accordingly .
The climate science community fully understands how important it is that data sources are made as open and transparent as possible , for research purposes as well as for other interested parties , and is actively working to increase accessibility and usability of the data .
We encourage people to investigate the various graphical portals to get a feel for the data and what can be done with it .
The providers of these online resources are very interested in getting feedback on any of these sites and so do n’t hesitate to contact them if you want to see improvements .
Update : Big thank you to all for all the additional links given below .
Keep them coming !
The world ’s largest salt flat , Salar de Uyuni , is located in Southwest Bolivia .
At 10,582 square kilometers ( 4,085 square miles ) , the Salar de Uyuni becomes the world ’s largest mirror when covered in water .
If this fascinating phenomenon alone was n’t enough to entice tourists to visit , there is also an antique train cemetery in the area , 3 km outside the town of Uyuni .
Because the Salar de Uyuni is so flat , NASA is able to utilize it to calibrate some of their satellites .
While the Salar de Uyuni itself is devoid of wildlife , it is used as the breeding grounds for some species of pink South American flamingos once a year in November .
There are hotels for tourists nearby and they are almost all built out of salt blocks , including the furniture .
Shunning .
A dose of that is what the Pennsylvania House of Representatives should give state Rep. Daryl Metcalfe .
Every time he rises to speak , every time they pass him in the corridor , every time he seeks to engage them , the members of the House should turn their backs , literally and figuratively .
Shun him and turn away from his slimeball behavior .
They should strip him of his assignment to the House Veteran Affairs and Emergency Preparedness Committee .
The good citizens of Butler , Pa. , the heart of his district , ought to show the same good sense by shunning him now and next election day .
Metcalfe always has been a gay - hating , Muslim - hating , climate - denying know - nothing , but the accumulation of jackassery he has displayed during his decade in the legislature reached a new peak Monday when he called the veterans who make up Operation Free " traitor [s ] to the oath he or she took [ to ] defend the Constitution of our great nation ! "
Metcalfe , shown in the photo above , made this claim in an email to every member of the House last Friday , amid references to Benedict Arnold and leftwing climate agendas .
The message taints everyone from former Secretary of the Navy John Warner to retired General Anthony Zinni to Captain Jon Powers to all the sergeants and lance corporals who believe that national security is weakened if we do n’t deal with climate change .
Operation Free , run by the non-profit group the Truman National Security Project , is a campaign driven by veterans from wars past and present for the purpose furthering the cause of a carbon neutral future .
Because of their personal experiences abroad , members advocate for an emphasis on renewable energies to reduce U.S. dependence on foreign oil , strengthen national security and create green jobs .
As Powers recently said : " If you talk about climate change in a way that discusses fragile states that are very vulnerable to its impacts , people realize that it ’s our troops that will have to respond . "
Besides the Truman Project , the coalition encompasses The National Security Network , VoteVets.org , and VetPAC .
Operation
Free veterans have been doing a bang - up job in getting their message across .
Currently , they are on a 21 - state bus tour talking to citizens and local community leaders about the dangers of climate change and its threat to national security .
That ’s a biodiesel - powered bus , by the way .
The two Operation Free guys answering questions at a Kansas City , Mo. , press conference in the photo are Army vets Raphael Noboa and Chuck Tyler .
Thursday they will be in Pennsylvania .
The veterans invited local elected officials to join them at each of their stops .
When Rep. Metcalfe got his invitation this is what he wrote :
Subject : Re : Veterans for American Power Bus
Tour coming to your state
As a veteran , I believe that any veteran lending their name , to promote the leftist propaganda of global warming and climate change , in an effort to control more of the wealth created in our economy , through cap and tax type policies , all in the name of national security , is a traitor to the oath he or she took [ to ] defend the Constitution of our great nation !
Remember Benedict Arnold before giving credibility to a veteran who uses their service as a means to promote a leftist agenda .
Drill Baby Drill !!!
For Liberty ,
Daryl Metcalfe
State Representative
Veteran U.S. Army
Despicable hardly begins to describe Rep. Metcalfe ’s incendiary accusations and outrageous slurs against the veterans exercising their freedom of speech and their freedom to seek to change people ’s minds , being , in other words , true patriots with the good of their country uppermost in mind .
That Metcalfe himself is a veteran deepens the corrosive shamefulness of what he said .
Operation Free is demanding that Metcalfe apologize .
You can sign their petition at the link .
If you are a resident of Pennsylvania , you might also sign the petition here .
Until Metcalfe does apologize – that is , makes a real apology , not one of these sorry - that - anybody - took offense non-apologies followed by interviews on Glenn Beck – the Pennsylvania legislature should n’t give the guy the time of day .
And they should strip him of his assignment to the House Veteran Affairs and Emergency Preparedness Committee .
= = =
[ Jon Powers wrote a diary on the subject here . ]
By Helena Merriman
BBC News
The US Senate is preparing for one of the biggest debates in its history after it voted to hold a debate on a landmark health bill .
If passed , the legislation could lead to some of the biggest changes in US healthcare in decades .
But how do other healthcare systems around the world compare and what changes are they going through ?
China : Barefoot to bureaucracy
If President Obama is facing difficult challenges addressing healthcare in the US , how does the country with the largest population and one of the world 's fastest growing economies organise its healthcare ?
China 's health system is as counter - intuitive for a so - called communist government as its economic model .
Instead of operating under a socialist model , it has a hybrid system combining employer based insurance and social service supplements .
Not everyone in China can afford to go to the official state sanctioned clinics
But many people cannot afford to pay for healthcare .
Professor Li Ling , senior advisor to China 's Ministry of Health , says that prices are a barrier for many people .
But she says the government is trying to improve health services .
" The target is that by 2020 we will have a universal system and people will only pay for 20 % of treatment , " she told the BBC World Service .
But in the meantime , some are making use of the increasing number of cheap , illegal clinics operating particularly in the rural areas .
Before the economic reforms of the 1980s , China was famous for having a strong network of primary care - or ' barefoot doctors ' who looked after people in villages under rural schemes which covered everyone .
But after the market - orientated reforms , the private sector took over , a user - pays system was introduced , and the primary care system began to fall apart .
While the hope is that the new model will better serve China 's population from a cost , quality , and availability perspective , at the moment , it is simply proving too expensive for many people .
India : Caring for millions India , with a similarly large population and growing economy , is to a certain extent travelling in the opposite direction .
Rather than moving from a ' socialist ' to a private model , India is aiming to move from a mainly private service to increase public health spending .
At the moment , 75 % of health spending comes out of people 's own pockets .
As Surja Kant Mishra , the Minister of Health in West Bengal admits , there is simply not enough public spending on health .
India still faces high levels of infectious disease such as HIV and tuberculosis " The health spending in India has been abysmally low , " he told the BBC's World Today programme .
" The target is 2 to 3 % of GDP but even I would say that is nothing ... government spending has to be increased . "
The other major problem India faces is the huge divide between rural and urban areas .
Rahul Bose , a community worker in West Bengal tells a story which illustrates the problem well .
" There was this lady who came to my house at eight in the morning , " he says .
" She had been bitten by a snake at four in the morning , but since there were no male members in the house , she was not able to leave the house .
When I took her to the hospital , the doctors delayed treatment for two hours and so she died in my car . "
Cultural attitudes towards women in rural areas , as well as problems of distances from health centres both prove major challenges for improving health .
India is also still facing high levels of infectious diseases , such as HIV and tuberculosis and has one of the worst child malnutrition rates in the world .
South Africa : After the Revolution Perhaps the country which has had the greatest change in health care in the smallest amount of time is South Africa .
After the end of apartheid in 1994 , health care was revolutionised .
The idea was that services should be available for everyone , regardless of race .
South Africa now has a large public sector and a smaller but fast - growing private sector .
But the system is overstretched .
While the state contributes about 40 % of all expenditure on health , the public health sector is under pressure to deliver services to about 80 % of the population .
Despite this , most resources are concentrated in the private health sector , which caters to just 20 % of the population .
In May , Doctors in Pretoria marched to demand a 50 % wage increase
There is also a shortage of doctors , who are often lured into the private sectors or overseas where pay is better .
While the country 's former President , Thabo Mbeki , was criticised for not acknowledging the depths of the AIDS crisis , experts now say that things are now slowly improving .
Last month , the government allocated nearly $ 120 m to deal with the pandemic .
But leading AIDS researcher , Dr Franchesca Barnadie , says that South Africa needs to use that money more wisely by investing in primary health care .
" We need to take away treatment from the care of doctors with the exception of complicated cases and give it to primary health care nurses because of the burden of illness " she told the BBC World Service .
UK : Failing some ?
If you asked many people around the world where they would least mind falling ill , it is likely that many of them would say the UK .
The British are often critical of their health service , but last summer , an attack on the National Health Service ( NHS ) from a Conservative MEP on American TV , resulted in an outpour of online support via Twitter and Facebook .
While the British pay for the National Health Service through their taxes , it is free at the point of use .
It is also relatively efficient .
Britain spends half as much per capita on healthcare than the US for a system which covers everyone .
Dr Sam Everington , a Doctor working in East London , says that Britain 's strong primary care is one of the reasons for its efficiency .
FROM BBC WORLD SERVICE Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from BBC World Service
" We know that in hospitals everything is far more expensive , " he told the BBC World Service .
" But in primary care you have doctors with a lot of knowledge and skill which can sometimes avoid those investigations , so it controls some of those costs of the NHS . "
But criticisms remain .
Some argue that too many costs are being sneaked into a system which was meant to be free at the point of use .
Others say that it is not effective at delivering healthcare in what is now a market - orientated world .
There are also limits on what the NHS can afford , so the National Institute for Health and Clinical Excellence ( NICE ) , makes decisions about which treatments and drugs should be provided by the NHS .
Generally , things like cosmetic surgery or lifestyle treatments like Viagra are not provided .
But more controversially , some drugs to treat diseases like cancer or Alzheimers are not available .
Those whose treatments are deemed not to be cost - effective , such as David Cook who has advanced kidney cancer , often feel that the system has failed them .
" In the UK they are saying I am a terminal case and therefore to give me another couple of months of life is not worth it , " he told the BBC World Service .
" The medical treatment I have had under the NHS has been absolutely outstanding .
I just feel let down by the model they are operating under . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Rory Cellan- Jones
The One Laptop Per Child project is no longer about laptops .
That might sound bizarre , but it comes from one of the leading executives in the charity which aims to bring cheap but effective computing to children in the developing world .
I 've followed OLPC quite closely for a couple of years , visiting a Nigerian school running a pilot with the little XO green and white machine , interviewing Nicholas Negroponte , the visionary thinker behind the idea , and now in Rwanda filming the biggest implementation of the scheme outside Latin America .
In order to see this content you need to have both Javascript enabled and Flash installed .
Visit BBC
Webwise for full instructions .
If you 're reading via RSS , you 'll need to visit the blog to access this content .
I veer between optimism and pessimism about its prospects .
Walking into a village just outside the Nigerian capital of Abuja and being greeted by dozens of children all wanting to show off their laptops was an uplifting experience .
But on that trip , I also interviewed the Nigerian education minister who made it quite clear that laptops for children were low on his priority list , whatever commitment a previous incumbent might have given to order hundreds of thousands of them .
Now I 've learned that the scheme appears to be on the retreat in Nigeria , and the school I visited is no longer involved - which must be very disheartening for children who had embraced the idea with such enthusiasm .
Meanwhile there have been plenty of internal wrangles , with one OLPC faction determined to make sure the laptop sticks to its open - source roots , while another believes that only a Windows machine will make much headway in many countries .
And the credit crunch has n't helped - the charity had to impose severe cuts in its workforce after its " Give One , Get One " promotion - where American buyers help fund laptops for the developing world - failed to prove a winner .
So it was cheering to come to a primary school on the fringes of Rwanda 's capital Kigali and find that more than 3,000 children had access to XO laptops and were using them in creative ways .
In one class , a teacher was showing the pupils how to make a simple animation ; in another , they were learning about journalism , using their laptops to put together a newspaper - though I bet it will be full of glowing reports about Rwanda 's transformation , much like the government - supporting New Times - and a third class was learning about the solar system , using materials stored on the laptops .
Rwanda has now ordered more than 100,000 XO laptops and plans to roll them out to as many schools as possible , with part of the funding coming from the sale of mobile phone licences .
Finally , OLPC has found an African country which appears to be committed to going beyond a pilot and making the laptops an integral part of its education system
So it was something of a surprise when I met David Cavalllo who runs OLPC 's operations right across Africa and he told me , " We do n't want to be a laptop company . "
But , as we discussed the project 's future over a beer in a Kigali hotel , I came to understand what he meant .
One Laptop Per Child is n't really about hardware or software , it 's about a philosophy of education .
In any case , the idea of small low - cost laptops has proved so compelling that the computer industry has picked it up and run with it :
" If the market creates low - cost high quality machines , all the better - that 's a huge success , " Cavallo told me , though he appeared dubious that the likes of Intel would provide products that Africa could afford .
OLPC will now concentrate on making its laptops cheaper and even less power - hungry - and I got the impression that the shiny touch - screen prototype unveiled a year ago might never become a reality .
But the real focus will now be on promoting the project 's central idea , that children learn better when they are active and involved .
That 's not an easy idea to sell in Africa where education systems tend to favour Victorian methods of strict discipline and learning - by - rote .
But David Cavallo believes that Rwanda is proving receptive because of its traumatic recent history :
" After the troubles that were here , there 's an incredible focus on human rights , on human development ... so there 's a broader view of education towards full human development that you do n't always find in other countries . "
Indeed OLPC has moved its entire training operation from Cambridge , Massachusetts to Kigali as a mark of its faith in the country .
From what I saw , Rwanda is actually quite hard - headed about what the laptops might bring - at the school I visited , the man from the education ministry told me the aim was that out of 3,000 pupils , 100 would go on to become software engineers .
Nevertheless , the well - meaning but sometimes unrealistic visionaries from OLPC who want to change the world with a laptop seem finally to have found willing partners in the young technocrats now trying to turn Rwanda into a knowledge economy .
Both have set themselves seemingly impossible targets - but if one succeeds , maybe the other can too .
This is only the second time in its nearly ten - year history that the Dish has gone silent .
The reason now is the same as the reason then .
When dealing with a delusional fantasist like Sarah Palin , it takes time to absorb and make sense of the various competing narratives that she tells about her life .
There are so many fabrications and delusions in the book , mixed in with facts , that just making sense of it - and comparing it with objective reality as we know it , and the subjective reality she has previously provided - is a bewildering task .
She is a deeply disturbed person which makes this work of fiction and fact all the more challenging to read .
And the fact that she is now the leader of the Republican party and a potential presidential candidate , makes this process of deconstruction an important civil responsibility .
We take this seriously as we always have .
We want to be fair to her , and to her family , and to the innocent people she has brought into the spotlight .
And we are not reporters .
We are merely analysts trying to make sense of evidence already in the public domain , evidence that points in all sorts of directions , only one of which can be true .
Since the Dish has tried to be rigorous and careful in analyzing Palin 's unhinged grip on reality from the very beginning - specifically her fantastic story of her fifth pregnancy - we feel it 's vital that we grapple with this new data as fairly and as rigorously as possible .
That takes time to get right .
And it is so complicated we simply cannot focus on anything else .
Everyone has their favorite authors , experts and approach to making changes in their lives .
The tips , perspective and strategies that I discuss are based upon my personal experience , and the approach I have come up with – an approach I call analysis driven personal development .
A few people have asked me what analysis driven personal development is all about .
I define it like this :
Analysis driven personal development is personal development ( improving oneself ) based on and predicated on analysis of all the relevant information present .
There ’s more to it than just a definition though – there are strategies , a frame of mind .
There are also certain things that are simply not related to analysis driven personal development .
This discussion aims to clarify what I mean by analysis driven personal development – and explain the broad approach I take to personal development .
Analysis Driven Personal Development
Is :
Engaging In Analysis Driven Personal Development Requires That You Be :
Open Minded .
When embarking on a new approach , I try not to pre-judge an experience or process .
I try to approach it with an open mind , try it out , and then rationally review the results .
For example , many personal development books may suggest things that conflict with my opinions – but I try to give them the benefit of the doubt , and give the new approach a fair shot .
.
When embarking on a new approach , I try not to pre-judge an experience or process .
I try to approach it with an open mind , try it out , and then rationally review the results .
For example , many personal development books may suggest things that conflict with my opinions – but I try to give them the benefit of the doubt , and give the new approach a fair shot .
Brutally Honest With Yourself .
You ’ve got to know when you ’re making excuses , taking things for granted or avoiding work with metawork .
Introspection and reviewing personal results is n’t easy – but the best way to make progress is to first be honest with yourself and have an accurate perspective of where you are .
.
You ’ve got to know when you ’re making excuses , taking things for granted or avoiding work with metawork .
Introspection and reviewing personal results is n’t easy – but the best way to make progress is to first be honest with yourself and have an accurate perspective of where you are .
Skeptical , perhaps even a little cynical .
Be open minded in your approach , but be skeptical of any results .
When I make changes in my life that appear to be positive or negative , I try to get to the root of what has led to the results .
Sometimes it is obvious , while other times taking a closer look has led me to finding surprising things – such as how much time I was spending cooking each week .
.
Be open minded in your approach , but be skeptical of any results .
When I make changes in my life that appear to be positive or negative , I try to get to the root of what has led to the results .
Sometimes it is obvious , while other times taking a closer look has led me to finding surprising things – such as how much time I was spending cooking each week .
Reason based rather than emotion based .
This is difficult for me , but I think it ’s very important when reviewing anecdotes , research and evidence to not be swayed emotionally by stories or “ one off ” situations .
I know I often use my hiking stories to illustrate a point , but I encourage you to question even that – allow yourself to be emotionally involved and pulled into the story , but then before you accept it at face value , step back and ask yourself whether it rationally makes sense and applies to you , and where you are in your life .
Analysis Driven Personal Development Is Not Necessarily
Leader driven personal development .
You do n’t have to subscribe to any particular expert ’s views – Stephen Covey , David Allen , Leo Babauta – though these happen to be some of my favorites , they do n’t have to be yours .
The process of analysis driven personal development applies to many areas , though my examples will tend to be drawn from writers , speakers and experts I admire .
.
You do n’t have to subscribe to any particular expert ’s views – Stephen Covey , David Allen , Leo Babauta – though these happen to be some of my favorites , they do n’t have to be yours .
The process of analysis driven personal development applies to many areas , though my examples will tend to be drawn from writers , speakers and experts I admire .
Belief centric personal development .
Again , while my personal beliefs and dogma will creep into my writing , that should not be confused with the overall method with which I am approaching the issue .
.
Again , while my personal beliefs and dogma will creep into my writing , that should not be confused with the overall method with which I am approaching the issue .
Pleasant personal development .
You will not always feel good .
It will not always be easy , and sometimes we may find it hard to stay motivated .
This is to be expected , as analysis driven personal development is not always a pleasant process .
Examining your goals and where you want to go will require some honest , difficult decisions .
Analysis Driven Personal Development is Less About Where You Are Going – And More About How You Get There .
[ reddit-me ]
Analysis driven personal development is all about you and your personal development .
If you get down to the root of it , there are two big buckets in personal development : where you are going ( goals and dreams ) and how you get there ( the process ) .
Analysis driven personal development will help you with where you are going , but those end results will differs from person to person .
Like metawork , which provides the groundwork and framework for getting actual goals accomplished , analysis driven personal development is merely a framework – an approach towards accomplishing goals .
Though it is is not tied to specific goals , my examples will of course analyze my perspective and areas important in my life , such as :
Time Management
Motivation
Achievement
Fitness
Peace of Mind / Happiness
If these goals do n’t resonate with you , I think you will still find the process of analysis driven personal development interesting and rewarding .
Your Thoughts ?
What do you think ?
How do you approach your goals , personal development , and difficult decisions in your life ?
Do you disagree with this approach ?
Enjoy this article ?
You should Tweet This and share it with your friends , or feel free to share it however you like using this shortened link :
http://tr.im/analysisdriven
Further Reading :
Favorites This Week :
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - CIT Group Inc ’s bankruptcy case was reassigned on Monday to U.S. Bankruptcy Judge Allan Gropper following the recusal of Judge Robert Gerber , who had been assigned the case hours earlier .
A courtroom deputy for Gropper said Gerber recused himself from the case .
The deputy did not give a reason for the recusal .
Gerber ’s chambers had no immediate comment .
CIT , a source of financing to about one million small and mid-sized businesses , filed for Chapter 11 protection from creditors on Sunday after gathering support from most of its bondholders for its “ prepackaged ” reorganization .
The bankruptcy filing , one of the five largest in U.S. history , followed a failed debt exchange offer .
CIT said it hopes to emerge from bankruptcy by the end of the year and reduce its debt by $ 10 billion .
The New York - based company intends to keep lending , and a quick reorganization is crucial if it expects to retain most customers .
Gropper has been a bankruptcy judge since 2000 .
His cases have included the reorganization of Northwest Airlines Corp , which later merged with Delta Air Lines Inc , and the current proceedings for the giant mall owner General Growth Properties Inc .
Before joining the bench , Gropper was a partner at White & Case , where he was involved in many of the largest U.S. bankruptcies , including Federated Department Stores and Texaco .
He has degrees from Yale University and Harvard Law School .
According to its bankruptcy petition , CIT had $ 71 billion of assets and $ 64.9 billion of liabilities on June 30 .
In morning trading , CIT shares fell 44 cents , or 61 percent , to 28 cents .
The New York Stock Exchange said it would suspend trading in CIT prior to Tuesday ’s market open .
Slideshow ( 3 images )
The case is In re CIT Group Inc , US Bankruptcy Court , Southern District of New York , Case No. 09-16565 .
Obama Signs Law Authorizing Suppression of Torture Photos
Created : October 29 , 2009 18:33 | Last updated : July 31 , 2020 00:00
Among other things in the Homeland Security appropriations bill President Obama signed into law yesterday is a provision that authorizes the Defense Department to continue to conceal photos of the torture and abuse of detainees by U.S. forces .
The American Civil Liberties Union had specifically sought those photos , and sued to get them , among other documents relating to detainee abuse , in a Freedom of Information Act lawsuit .
The exemption signed , however , is much broader than simply the photos sought in the lawsuit .
It would apply to any other photos taken between Sept. 11 , 2001 and Jan.22 , 2009 that the Secretary of Defense has certified would , if released , endanger U.S. citizens , servicemen , or employees overseas .
President Obama initially agreed to release the photos , but changed his mind after consulting with Defense Secretary Robert Gates and others at the Pentagon , who warned the photos would endanger U.S. servicemen in Iraq and Afghanistan .
Two federal courts have already heard and rejected that argument , however , ruling that the Freedom of Information
Act ca n’t be trumped by citing unspecified dangers to unspecified potential targets of the anger that the information may produce .
The government has appealed that ruling to the Supreme Court .
The bill signed Wednesday is an effort to get around those court rulings , and to prevent a similar ruling from the high court .
Still , it ’s not clear if passage of the new law will necessarily moot the pending court case .
The lawyers could still try to challenge the new legislation or the Pentagon ’s right to invoke it .
Here 's what looks to be the ultimate
In trophy wives .
It 's a rug featuring a submissive woman for the male chauvinist in her life to walk all over .
Artist Chrissy Conant used her own body as the template for the piece , titled Chrissy Skin Rug .
She said the piece helped to " exorcise a part of my psyche that feels powerless and objectified " .
The work , which last exhibited at the Morgan Lehman Gallery in New York in a show entitled " Sexy Time : a Group Effort " is available for sale with a price tag of $ 45,000
Credit : CHRISSYCONANT.COM
The National Security Agency helped Microsoft harden Windows 7 against attacks and is providing similar assistance to Apple , Sun Microsystems and Red Hat too , an agency official said .
The admission came in prepared remarks delivered Tuesday by Richard Schaeffer , the NSA 's information assurance director , at a hearing before the Senate 's Subcommittee on Terrorism and Homeland Security .
" Working in partnership with Microsoft and elements of the DoD , NSA leveraged our unique expertise and operational knowledge of system threats and vulnerabilities to enhance Microsoft 's operating system security guide without constraining the user 's ability to perform their everyday tasks , whether those tasks are being performed in the public or private sector , " Schaeffer stated .
" All this was done in coordination with the product release , not months or years later during the product lifecycle . "
Microsoft has acknowledged help from the NSA before .
The ultra-secretive agency provided assistance in shoring up Windows Vista , The Washington Post reported in 2007 .
The same article says Microsoft tapped the NSA for help with Windows XP and Server 2003 as well .
The latest assistance includes unclassified security checklists that protect against various threats and standards for cataloging computer vulnerabilities .
It also involved the release of a " security configuration guide " for Windows 7 .
The NSA is working with Apple , Sun , and Red Hat " to develop secure baselines for their products , " he added .
" More and more , we find that protecting national security systems demands teaming with public and private institutions to raise the information assurance level of products and services more broadly , " Schaeffer stated .
" If done correctly , this is a win - win situation that benefits the whole spectrum of information technology users , from warfighters and policymakers , to federal , state , local and tribal governments , to the operators of critical infrastructure and the nation 's major arteries of commerce . "
A PDF of Schaeffer 's remarks is here .
His comments about Windows 7 was reported earlier by IDG News . ®
This article was updated to correct the year The Washington Post story was published .
A Finnish video that has been doing the rounds over the internet for the past few days has tossed around the possibility of a Track Editor in GT5 , with rough traslations available no one was able to confirm the news .
But E4G took the time out to mail the guys at polyphony digital begging the question whether or not the upcoming game will feature a Track Editor .
Well they received a response which confirms the Track Editor , and response goes like this “ Yes it will have a track editor .
You will be able to rebuild a track from scratch or edit the tracks that are already put in Gran Turismo 5 . “
It just cannot get any better than this for GT5 fans , only if a concrete release date is announced we could have a real GT5 party .
SARAJEVO , Oct 30 ( Reuters ) - Former Serb army commander Predrag Kujundzic was convicted of crimes against humanity -- including murder and rape -- by Bosnia 's war crimes court on Friday and sentenced to 22 years in jail .
Judge Saban Maksumic said the court found Kujundzic , 48 , guilty of " committing and coercing sexual slavery , rape , severe deprivation of physical liberty , persecution of non-Serb civilians and other inhumane acts . "
Kujundzic was the commander of the Bosnian Serb Army unit known as Predini Vukovi ( Predo 's Wolves ) that operated around the northern town of Doboj during the country 's 1992 - 95 war .
" Commanding over the Predo 's Wolves unit , he participated in inhumane treatment of 50 Bosniak ( Bosnian Muslim ) and Croat civilians who were unlawfully detained and used as human shields during combat operations and 17 were killed , " the judge said .
Maksumic said Kujundzic went to the house of a woman in June 1992 , armed and accompanied by five members of his unit .
He raped the woman 's under -age daughter and incited other soldiers to rape the mother .
" After Kujundzic raped the minor female , he told her that as of that day she would comply with all that he requested from her or otherwise he would kill her mother and younger sister , " the judge said .
Kujundzic ordered the girl to wear a chain with a cross pendant and a Serb army camouflage uniform .
He made her wear a red beret and changed her Muslim name into a Serb name without consent of her parents , Maksumic said .
The judge acquitted Kujundzic of separate charges related to the inhumane treatment of prisoners of a detention camp .
The Bosnian war crimes court was set up in 2005 to relieve the burden on the United Nations war crimes tribunal for the former Yugoslavia and to try mid- and low - ranking cases from the Bosnian war that claimed an estimated 100,000 lives .
The trial of Bosnian Serb wartime leader Radovan Karadzic opened in The Hague this week , with prosecutors accusing him of leading a campaign of genocide against Bosnian Muslims during the 1992 - 95 Bosnian war .
( Reporting by Maja Zuvela ; Editing by Adam Tanner and Erik Kirschbaum )
PITTSBURGH 
As the two - day Group of 20 meeting brought leaders of the world ’s industrialized nations here Thursday , the police were out in force , patrolling on bicycles , foot and horseback , by river and by air .
In the afternoon , protesters trying to march toward the convention center where the gathering is being held encountered roaming squads of police officers carrying plastic shields and batons .
The police fired a sound cannon that emitted shrill beeps , causing demonstrators to cover their ears and back up , then threw tear gas canisters that released clouds of white smoke and stun grenades that exploded with sharp flashes of light .
City officials said they believed it was the first time the sound cannon had been used publicly .
“ Other law enforcement agencies will be watching to see how it was used , ” said Nate Harper , the Pittsburgh police bureau chief .
“ It served its purpose well . ”
The protesters , who did not have a permit to march , rolled a large blue metal trash container down 37th Street .
It stopped short of police vehicles and in front of a women ’s clothing and shoe boutique called Pavement .
( CNN ) -- Al Capone 's legend of bootlegging , gangland slayings and tax evasion lives on more than 60 years after the Chicago gangster 's death .
Now comes a footnote that is a sign of the times : foreclosure .
Al Capone 's former Wisconsin hideaway goes on the auction block on Thursday .
A Wisconsin lodge that may have been one of Capone 's old hideouts goes on the auction block this week with a starting bid of $ 2.6 million .
The two - story stone lodge , tucked away on 407 acres in Couderay , Wisconsin , was owned by the Capone family in the 1920s .
It will be auctioned Thursday on the steps of the Sawyer County Courthouse , three hours from Minneapolis , Minnesota , according to an ad in the Chicago Tribune .
The property includes a 37 - acre lake and eight - car garage .
The Tribune ad was placed in September by the Chippewa Valley Bank .
The property , owned by Hideout Inc. owner Guy Houston , went into foreclosure in April 2008 .
The Houston family purchased the property in the 1950s and transformed the home into a tourist spot .
Visitors paid a few dollars for a walking tour of Capone 's reputed hideout .
iReport.com : More views of Capone 's compound
The lodge is fortified with stone walls at least a foot thick and a guard tower .
There is a separate facility that resembles a jail on site .
" There has been a ton of interest since we ran the article , " said Joe Kinnear , vice president of Chippewa Valley Bank in Wisconsin .
He added that at least 100 buyers have expressed interest .
Neither Houston nor the property owner 's attorney , Todd Smith , could be reached by CNN .
Since bank officials announced a few weeks ago that Capone 's hideaway was for sale , the news has traveled across the country -- and the world .
The property holds enormous nostalgic value , Kinnear said .
After all , he noted , Al Capone 's name is closely associated with Chicago , Illinois .
" This guy really has incredible fame power , " said John Russick , senior curator at the Chicago History Museum .
" He became this icon for a whole profession of underworld figures , and people are fascinated with that . "
With his expensive suits , wide - brimmed fedora and cigar , the gangster who relished the media spotlight became the face of lawlessness during the Prohibition era .
From 1925 to 1931 , Capone was Chicago 's most notorious organized - crime boss .
He ruthlessly relied on intimidation , bribes and violence , according to gangster lore .
Even some state and local law enforcement officers turned a blind eye when Capone 's gang committed crimes , leaving the feds to chase him , historians say .
But life as a crime kingpin brought a growing list of enemies , said Arthur J. Lurigio , a professor of criminology at Loyola University Chicago , who is also working on a documentary and book about organized crime in Chicago .
" He wanted to get away from his enemies , " Lurigio explained .
" He had already escaped death several times . "
Lurigio said the Wisconsin hideout was probably just one of many retreats .
Capone found respite at properties in Indiana , Michigan and Florida , too .
The rural locations were ideal because Capone 's rivals would n't travel that far to hunt him down , Lurigio said .
No one can say for certain whether Al Capone ever stayed in the Wisconsin lodge .
Because he operated an illegal business , there are few written documents with clues on where he spent his time , historians say .
State University of New York at Oswego professor emeritus Luciano Iorizzo , who wrote " Al Capone : A Biography " in 2003 , said he has never come across evidence that Capone visited the Wisconsin hideout .
Jim Ferguson , vice president of the Sawyer County Historical Society , said there is no hard evidence that Capone visited the property , though some locals say they spotted Capone in their community .
More likely , Ferguson said , Capone 's brother , Ralph , who was in charge of soda bottling plants , lived on the property at some time .
" It was a very nice place , " said Ferguson , who visited the property several times when it was open to tourists .
" There was an open staircase going up to the second floor and a second - floor balcony . "
The lodge , which the owners claims has the original Capone furnishings , was cozy , he recalled .
The antique furniture captured the wooded Wisconsin lifestyle , Ferguson said .
Animal pelts and elk heads decorated the walls .
If Capone did indeed retreat to the Couderay property , there was plenty of game to hunt , and the lakes are famous for fishing .
According to historians , the 6 - foot - tall , 200 - pound crime boss enjoyed outdoor sports .
He was an amateur athlete who began boxing in his adolescence and battled top fighters of the time , including Lou Ordoni and Babe Lancaster .
Henry Binford , a professor of history at Northwestern University , theorizes that the hideout was a stopover in the transportation of liquor to Chicago during Prohibition .
It 's rumored among locals that planes from Canada that were filled with alcohol docked on the small lake .
" Being an ostensible businessman , he had a lot of channels of supply , " said Binford , who points out that the lodge is located close to the Canadian border .
Capone 's illegal activities caught up with him in the 1930s .
His most infamous mob war , the 1929 Saint Valentine 's Day Massacre in Chicago that killed seven rivals , further enticed federal agents to catch him .
In 1931 , he was convicted of tax evasion and sent to Alcatraz prison in California .
This summer , when the hideout tours were shut down , Leslie Strapon , assistant executive director of the Hayward Chamber of Commerce , said her office received hundreds of calls from disappointed tourists .
" Everyone is patiently waiting to see what 's going to happen with the place , " she said .
" It would be nice if it fell into the hands of someone who was wiling to reopen and carry on the tradition . "
All About Al Capone • Wisconsin • Tourism • Chicago
The knaves are preparing to gather .
They will do so this week in Cape Town , South Africa , where the draw for the 2010 World Cup will be held Friday .
Before that , however , FIFA ’s 24 - man executive committee will convene for what has been dramatically referred to as an “ extraordinary meeting ” to try to sweep under the carpet all the embarrassing revelations that have come to light in recent days .
Massive corruption in Europe , with hundreds of games allegedly being fixed in no fewer than nine countries ?
No problem , we can explain it all .
Blatantly inept officiating that altered the course of at least one World Cup playoff series , between France and Ireland ?
All part of the game , nothing to worry about .
Executive committee members talking out of both sides of their mouths when looking ahead to the 2018 and 2022 World Cups ?
Standard practice , nothing unusual there .
It ’s sad , really .
A sport that enthralls the planet is being overseen by rogues and villains , each one more unsavory than the next and each one pocketing more undeserved wealth than anyone can imagine .
The ineptness of the executive committee members -- or more likely their indifference to public opinion -- knows no bounds .
Just last week , for example , they allowed their prize of prizes , the FIFA World Cup trophy , to be held in the blood - stained hands of Zimbabwe ’s tyrannical Robert Mugabe .
Given this unexpected gift , the tin - pot dictator took full advantage .
“ Britain does not have any gold , neither does Germany , ” Mugabe told a crowd in Harare while holding the golden trophy , which is on a tour of Africa .
“ I am tempted to think that it came from Africa , and from Zimbabwe , and was taken away by adventurers who shaped it into this cup .
“ When I hold the cup , I know all of you will have the urge that I should not let it go because this could be our gold . ”
Human rights officials have justifiably condemned FIFA for allowing Mugabe the platform on which to strut his odious self .
Robben Island
The executive committee members will be fawned upon , given the red- carpet treatment and wined and dined while in Cape Town , while figuring out who can put what into whose pocket .
In a shameless bit of publicity seeking that is also intended to divert media interest away from the festering mountain of corruption in the sport , the 24 members will meet on Robben Island on Thursday .
The small isle in Table Bay was where former South African president Nelson Mandela and scores of other anti-apartheid activists , including South African President Jacob Zuma , were once imprisoned .
Mandela was confined there for 18 years .
England ’s well - respected World Soccer magazine called the idea of FIFA using the prison island as a meeting place “ tacky , ” and that view is echoed here .
Loudly .
I have been to Robben Island .
Those who trod its ground as prisoners were more worthy than those who will tread it Thursday .
Jack of all trades
One of the executive committee members is FIFA Vice President Jack Warner of Trinidad and Tobago .
Inasmuch as he also is president of CONCACAF , one would have thought he would have been supporting the U.S. bid to stage the World Cup in 2018 or 2022 .
He is , but he is hedging his bet .
This is what Warner said two weeks ago at a reception in Nigeria organized by the Australian High Commissioner :
“ If there is a country that truly deserves to host the FIFA World Cup , then it is the island continent of Australia . ”
This is what Warner said last week : “ The United States can count on the full support of CONCACAF . . . including myself . ”
And this is what Warner said Friday when he met Gordon Brown , England ’s prime minister , in Port of Spain , Trinidad : “ He said , and I agreed with him , that England has the best infrastructure to stage the tournament and that after a 52 - year gap this is England ’s time . ”
There was more .
“ I met the prime minister today and next week I will meet David Beckham in Cape Town , ” Warner said , unabashedly name - dropping while stroking his ego .
World cup update
Good to see that Argentina Coach Diego Maradona ’s two - month ban includes the provision that he not attend the World Cup draw .
. . .
Bad to see that Dutch striker Robin van Persie has been sidelined for five months after surgery on his right ankle .
. . .
Laughable to hear Swedish referee Martin Hansson , who failed to spot Thierry Henry ’s handball infraction against Ireland , claim that he and his assistants were blameless because their views were obstructed .
. . .
Delightful to hear former Manchester United and France standout Eric Cantona deride fellow countryman and France Coach Raymond Domenech as “ the worst coach in French football since Louis XVI . ”
grahame.jones@latimes.com
Based on my non-existent Chinese skills , I managed to understand that this inflatable bra makes boobs big , BIG , BIG .
And I guess it comes with odd sound effects included ?
Can someone watch please this commercial and translate for me ?
I just really need to know whether the voice over guy or the girl with the measuring tape are included with the purchase or sold separately .
Britain 's budget deficit blew out to the worst ever October reading for an October last month , suffering a much bigger than expected shortfall of £ 11.4bn , official data showed today .
The Office for National Statistics also said that the national debt soared to 59.2 % of gross domestic product in October , the highest since records began in 1974 / 75 .
" The public finance numbers are very disappointing , coming in much worse than expected .
£ 4bn more ( than expected ) does suggest that the deficit could come in around the £ 175bn mark , " said David Page , economist at Investec , referring to chancellor Alistair Darling 's forecast for the budget deficit for the full 2009 / 10 fiscal year .
The deficit has exploded over the past 12 months as the recession has reduced tax receipts and pushed up spending on unemployment benefit .
Hetal Mehta , economic advisor to the Ernst & Young Item Club , said : " Today 's figures indicate that the government is on course to overshoot its net borrowing projections for the current financial year .
But the problem is likely to worsen next year , when weak tax receipts and high expenditure levels , thanks to continued outlays for social benefits , will push up the deficit .
" Regardless of the new Fiscal Responsibility Bill which commits the government to halving the deficit within four years , there is no doubt that fiscal policy will have to be tightened significantly after the election regardless of who forms the next government . "
Separately , the Bank of England reported that the flow of lending to British businesses contracted for an eighth consecutive month in September as firms continued to use funds raised on capital markets to pay down bank debt .
The central bank 's Trends in Lending report showed lending to businesses fell by £ 4.6bn in September .
That was more than the £ 1.1 bn contraction in August but less than the record £ 15.6 bn contraction in July of this year .
The figures also showed that major banks approved around 61,000 mortgages for house purchase in October , up from 56,000 in September but still well below the average of the past decade .
Threadneedle Street has identified constraints to lending to businesses as a major stumbling block in the way of a sustainable recovery and is monitoring such flows carefully .
The survey noted that the decline was broad - based across all sectors .
( Wired ) -- Microsoft Windows continues to dominate the PC market with a 90 percent market - share stronghold , but when it comes to smartphones , Microsoft is getting beat up worse than a mustachioed villain in a Jackie Chan movie .
Windows Mobile has lost nearly a third of its smartphone market share since 2008 , research firm Gartner reports .
Windows Mobile had 11 percent of the global smartphone market in the third quarter of 2008 , according to Gartner , and last quarter Windows Mobile 's market share plummeted to 7.9 percent .
Meanwhile , Apple 's global market share grew from 12.9 percent to 17.1 percent , and RIM saw a rise from 16 percent to 20.8 percent , according to Gartner 's figures .
It 's worth noting Microsoft got a head start with Windows CE , its pocket PC OS , in 1996 .
Windows CE serves as the foundation for the Windows Mobile OS shipping with some smartphones today .
The smartphone OS market , in fact , has existed for several years , and Microsoft was an early leader in the space .
But only recently have several additional corporations stepped into this space with their own platforms .
Microsoft 's biggest problem ?
One word : iPhone .
" It was really the iPhone that came out full - bore for a consumer perspective , " said Ross Rubin , an NPD Group consumer technology analyst .
" We saw app development focus on consumer applications like social networking and games ....
Particularly with Apple 's retail presence and advantages in that market , through design and so forth , that 's where Microsoft 's main challenge lies . "
Many other technology observers agree that Apple receives credit for sparking the smartphone boom .
The 2008 introduction of the App Store enabled third - party developers to sell their own software , further enhancing the capabilities of the iPhone .
This proved a workable model , giving 40 million iPhone and iPod Touch owners the ability to choose from the now 100,000 apps in the App Store .
Meanwhile , some developers earned hundreds of thousands of dollars with hot - selling apps .
Even if most developers did n't earn that much cash , the success stories helped make Apple 's App Store powerfully attractive .
Apple 's blockbuster success with the iPhone and its App Store compelled other tech giants to offer their own mobile platforms and app stores as well .
Google , Nokia , Research In Motion , Palm and others have opened app stores and begun recruiting developers to compete .
But if Microsoft was the first player in this market , why was n't the software giant able to replicate the success it had with PCs ?
" It was theirs to lose and they lost it , " said Raven Zachary , a technology analyst and owner of iPhone app development house Small Society .
" They had everything they needed to execute , to do the right kinds of carrier deals to create an app store , create visual voice mail , touchscreens and so on .
They 've been in this space since the beginning . "
To Peter Hoddie , CEO of Kinoma , which develops a mobile media browser for Windows Mobile and other platforms , a major knock against Windows Mobile is n't the OS itself , but rather the weakness of the bundled apps included with it .
" The sad part for Microsoft is that in terms of operating systems , they have a great one , and they had it long before anyone else did , " Hoddie said in a phone interview .
" Their first problem is the built - in apps are uninspiring , so that sets a very low bar for developers who are coming to the platform . "
Hoddie compared Windows Mobile to the iPhone , whose apps he described as " beautiful , " which encourages third - party developers to produce apps of similar quality .
He added that Microsoft 's second problem is segmentation in the hardware ecosystem .
Windows Mobile ships with several different manufacturers ' hardware , including HTC , LG and Samsung .
The problem ?
From a developer perspective , that requires coding an app for several phones with different UI styles , buttons and screen sizes .
( The same problem , incidentally , has started to plague Android developers . )
That would give the iPhone another advantage :
The iPhone operates on a closed system , which can only run on Apple hardware , meaning third - party developers can produce apps and games that work exclusively with the iPhone .
Therefore , despite Apple 's questionable and controversial approval policy for iPhone apps , developers can code one app that works with 40 million iPhone and iPod Touch devices , which is less time consuming than developing several versions of one app for a variety of Windows Mobile smartphones .
In turn , that spells out to a larger number of apps in the App Store , which enables Apple 's hardware to cater to a larger and broader audience .
The inability to recognize the new smartphone audience is another one of Microsoft 's flaws , Rubin said .
Microsoft 's mobile OS history is rooted in personal digital assistants , which were marketed toward enterprise audiences .
Today , the smartphone has shifted into the mainstream as a consumer device , and yet Windows Mobile is still largely focused on enterprise features .
And even in the enterprise market , Apple 's iPhone is winning .
In a recent customer satisfaction survey conducted by JD Power , Apple grabbed the number 1 spot for smartphones in business .
How ?
JD
Power found that more than half of business smartphone owners reported downloading third party games for entertainment , and 46 percent report downloading travel software such as maps and weather apps .
That would suggest enterprise users are interested in mixing business with pleasure in their devices and the iPhone 's wealth of choices in the App Store covers those needs .
" I would say Microsoft needs to err more on the side of going too far into the consumer segment versus trying to achieve a good balance between enterprise and consumer features at this point , " Rubin said .
Despite Microsoft 's recent shrinkage in the mobile OS market , it 's not over for Windows Mobile .
Rubin said he expects Microsoft to redeem itself with its next OS Windows Mobile 7 as it did with Windows 7 after negative reception of Windows Vista .
Microsoft declined to comment on details about Windows Mobile 7 , but a spokeswoman said mobility is one of Microsoft 's top investment areas , and the company 's mobile strategy will not change .
" The company 's mobility strategy has not changed ; it is and has always been to provide a software platform for the industry , " a Microsoft spokeswoman said in a statement .
" The company works closely with many mobile operators and device makers around the world because people want different experiences on a variety of phones . "
Leaks indicate Microsoft plans to incorporate iPhone - like touch gestures .
Windows Mobile 7 is scheduled for a 2010 release .
" Microsoft believes the Windows brand is very strong , and consumers associate the Windows brand with enabling them to do what they need to do in their digital lives , at least on the PC , " Rubin said .
" In general with this whole Windows phone terminology , Microsoft is trying to do more to leverage what it believes is the good will value of the Windows brand . "
Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT !
Click here !
Copyright 2011 Wired.com .
The Mississippi - based American Family Assn. last week issued a fatwa against Gap Inc. -- the retailing giant whose brands include Gap , Old Navy and Banana Republic -- calling for a “ two - month boycott over the company ’s failure to use the word ‘ Christmas ’ in its advertising to Christmas shoppers . ”
The War on Christmas season has officially begun .
Gap “ does not use the word ‘ Christmas ’ to avoid offending those who do n’t embrace its meaning , ” writes Buddy Smith , executive assistant to the president of the AFA , on the organization ’s website .
“ Christmas has historically been very good for commerce .
But now Gap wants the commerce but no Christmas . ”
“ I interpret Gap ’s decision as a warning sign to Christians to get out there and tell people about Jesus Christ , ” writes Smith .
Advertisement
And they say nobody likes fruitcake .
It would be easy to get sidetracked into debating the merits of the War on Christmas .
Why , for example , is the phrase “ Happy holidays ” so insufferable to Christian fundamentalists , but not the vulgar , surfeiting exploitation of Christ ’s name to sell smokeless ashtrays , dessert toppings , Droid phones and trampolines ?
I ’m not a theologian but I think the Gospels are pretty clear that Jesus was no fan of merchants .
And since China is in the news this week :
Why not go after Gap and other retailers for trading in Chinese - made goods , since the Chinese government actively oppresses the Christian faith ?
Seems like building a case on religious tolerance would have more resonance .
Oh , wait .
Never mind .
But here ’s the real question :
Why attack Gap for not using the word “ Christmas ” in its advertising when in fact it does , and in a big way too ?
Advertisement
Surf on over to YouTube and watch Gap ’s latest 30 - second spot , titled “ Go Ho Ho ” ( Crispin Porter + Bogusky ) .
The spot -- which is in heavy rotation on network and cable TV -- features a group of insanely athletic dancers leaping and twirling and stomp - cheering around a white log -cabin set .
They chant , “ Go Christmas , go Hanukkah , go Kwanzaa , go solstice .
. . .
Do whatever you wannukkah and to all a cheery night . ”
There it is , right up front , enjoying pride of place : the C - word .
Meanwhile , both Old Navy and Gap sell Christmas - themed merchandise , such as Christmas boxer shorts , which I ’m sure can only be removed in the sanctity of marriage .
In other words , Gap Inc. has demonstrably not banned the use of the word from its advertising or stores .
So how did AFA get this so wrong ?
Advertisement
Gap Inc. has been in the organization ’s War on Christmas cross hairs for a while now , and it may well be that the boycott was planned before Gap ’s holiday ads were released ( phone and e-mail messages to the AFA were not returned ) .
Gap and CP+B just pulled a switcheroo .
It ’s unlikely the new Gap ads will placate the psalm - singers in Tupelo .
After all , in the spirit of inclusiveness , Christmas is mentioned in the same breath as Hanukkah , Kwanzaa and solstice .
The winter solstice , as everyone knows , is a pagan celebration , so -- viewed through a peculiarly warped lens -- the Gap ad puts Christians on the same level as a bunch of blue - painted heathens dancing around a Yule log drinking mead out of a stag horn .
How dare they !
I call for a double boycott .
Perhaps the AFA did Gap a favor .
If you look at the history of the organization ’s boycotts -- often involving punitive actions against companies that support gay rights -- you ’ll see that they have no commercial impact .
Actually , these boycotts seem to be good for business :
In the decade of the AFA ’s boycott against Disney , which ended in 2006 , the world ’s largest entertainment conglomerate ’s revenue roughly doubled to $ 34 billion .
Likewise for Ford , which just posted a billion - dollar profit in the third quarter of 2009 .
Advertisement
I ’m not suggesting causality , but condemnation by the AFA does seem to be a kind of lucky charm for big business .
Personally , I am inclined to patronize Gap as a statement of cultural tolerance , even though at my age I look like an overcooked ballpark frank in its clothes .
The big loser here is the AFA .
The annual War - on - Christmas drumbeat is absolutely not about defending the sacredness of Christmas .
It is instead -- transparently -- marketing , a ratings gambit for Bill O’Reilly and Sean Hannity , and for the AFA , the centerpiece of its annual fundraising .
This year , thanks to Gap , the AFA fumbled its boycott ball and in the process managed to look both intolerant and out of touch .
It ’s beginning to look a lot like Christmas .
Advertisement
--
dan.neil@latimes.com
PRISTINA , Kosovo —
The image of mayoral candidate Nebojsa Peric stares down from a billboard on the main drag in Gracanica , a suburb of Pristina , Kosovo .
“ It ’s up to us , ” the sign reads in Serbian .
It 's a common enough political slogan , but here it hints at a potential first step toward solving one of Europe ’s most intractable diplomatic problems .
Peric wants his fellow Kosovar Serbs to vote on Sunday in Kosovo ’s first local elections since the tiny Balkan country declared independence from Serbia last year .
“ This is a sensitive moment for the Serbian community , ” he said .
“ We want to take part on the local level . ”
It ’s a brave stand .
Memories of ethnic strife between Albanians and Serbs still linger in Gracanica and other Serbian enclaves , where Albanian mobs torched Serb homes and Orthodox Christian monasteries in 2004 out of frustration with the international community ’s dithering over Kosovo ’s status .
Belgrade has called on ethnic Serbs to boycott the polls , arguing that participating would recognize Pristina ’s authority .
Serbian leaders have opposed Kosovo ’s independence since they ceded control of the then - breakaway province to the United Nation in 1999 after a NATO bombing campaign ended a war that claimed 10,000 Albanian lives .
But Peric and others ’ candidacies suggest that relations between Kosovar Albanians and Serbs have thawed as the 2004 riots and the 1999 war recede into the past , experts said .
Contrary to past elections , when practically no Serbs voted , many believe a small but symbolically important portion of Kosovar Serbs are now ready to cast ballots .
“ Some Serbs are slowly starting to realize that participating is important if they want to better their communities , ” said Shpend Ahmeti , executive director of the GAP Institute , a Pristina - based think tank .
Peric said he was running for Gracanica mayor because it was increasingly clear that Belgrade could n’t improve the quality of life of the 125,000 Serbs — about 7 percent of Kosovo ’s population — who live in segregated communities .
Belgrade funds parallel government offices in the new republic , but they amount to a fig leaf of authority .
“ Serbian institutions have no real power in the field here , ” said Peric .
“ Ten years after the war , there is no job market .
People are leaving .
Young people see no potential .
We have to work with Kosovo institutions so we can find jobs . ”
The elections are part of a plan negotiated by ex-Finnish president and Nobel Peace Prize winner Martti Ahtisaari .
In exchange for independence , Kosovo promised to create several new Serbian - majority municipalities with expanded powers , including Gracanica , now technically part of Pristina .
“ It ’s the first time after 10 years that we have a real offer from Kosovo institutions and the international community , ” Peric said .
“ They ’re giving us their hand . ”
It ’s unclear if Serbs will turn out in great numbers .
Polls surveying Kosovar Serbs throughout the country have n’t been conducted , but a Kosovo NGO , Kontakt , recently released a survey that found that 28 percent of Gracanica voters intended to case ballots .
Forty percent of Gracanica voters had n’t decided , the survey found , while 32 percent opposed Serbs voting — a position Belgrade has encouraged .
Most observers believe turnout will be negligible in northern Serbian enclaves like Mitrovica , which are officially part of Kosovo but where the Serbian government holds sway .
'' Those Serbs who would take part in the elections should ask themselves whether they are helping the state of Serbia save Kosovo or weighing down on our fight to preserve our sovereignty and territorial integrity , '' Serbia 's Minister for Kosovo , Goran Bogdanovic , told Belgrade ’s B92 television news on Tuesday .
Milan and Bilijana Stemkovich , a 30 - something couple , were representative of the divisions in the Serb community .
Walking in Gracanica on Nov. 8 , Milan said he would vote because it was time to turn a new page in Kosovo ’s history .
Bilijana was more cynical .
“ My house was burned in the war , ” she said .
“ I ’m disappointed .
Therefore , I wo n’t vote . ”
Many Kosovar Albanians are n’t happy about the election , either .
Critics say Ahtisaari conceded too much to Serbs , who will never pledge their loyalty to Kosovo .
“ We ’re giving all the rights to the Serbs and they do n’t give back , ” said Rame Saliha , a Pristina taxi driver .
“ After six months in the new municipalities , you ’re going to see their flags waving . ”
Arben Gashi , an adviser to Pristina Mayor Isa Mustafa , said he understood why Kosovar Albanians were leery of Serbs gaining more power , but he added that nobody would reverse the process .
“ It ’s the price you pay for Kosovo independence , ” he said .
The expected Serb turnout reflected a new atmosphere in Kosovo , Gashi added .
Ethnic Albanians have achieved sufficient security to be more accepting of their ethnic - Serb neighbors who previously were associated with Belgrade ’s repression .
Serbs can feel it , he said .
“ A Serbian can come into the city with illegal license plates , old Serbian license plates , ” he said .
“ You knew he ’s a Serb .
No one cares . ”
People stand next to windows above an exterior sign at the Lehman Brothers headquarters in New York in this September 16 , 2008 file photo .
REUTERS / Chip East / Files
( Reuters ) - Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc has filed a lawsuit against Barclays Capital Inc alleging the British bank took control of excess assets in collusion with Lehman executives when it bought its U.S. brokerage business a year ago , court documents show .
Lehman filed for bankruptcy on September 15 , 2008 , in the largest U.S. bankruptcy in history .
Its flagship U.S. brokerage business was sold to Barclays less than a week later in a hurriedly assembled deal .
Lehman said in September this year that Barclays Capital got an $ 8.2 billion “ windfall profit ” due to the fire sale of its business for an undisclosed $ 5 billion discount off the book value of securities transferred to Barclays .
“ The windfall to Barclays was not disclosed to the Court , the Lehman Boards or Lehman ’s lawyers so as to allow the transfer to Barclays of billions of dollars in excess assets , without consideration , in a manner designed to avoid judicial , corporate and creditor oversight , ” Lehman said in a Monday court filing .
The charges come after Lehman received approval in June to probe whether Barclays got “ too good of a deal ” when it bought Lehman ’s brokerage business , as the British bank was able to quickly book a $ 4.2 billion gain on its $ 1.75 billion purchase .
Barclays said at the time that it did not expect the probe to result in any additional claims .
In the lawsuit , Lehman requested the court to order Barclays to “ disgorge to Lehman any ill - gotten gains it obtained ” and pay punitive damages .
A Barclays Asia spokesman said in an email that all queries on the lawsuit should be directed to its New York office .
Barclays ’ New York officials were not immediately available for comment , outside of normal U.S. hours .
The case is In re : Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc , U.S. Bankruptcy Court , Southern District of New York , No. 08-13555 .
( Reporting by Supantha Mukherjee and Ajay Kamalakaran in Bangalore ; Editing by Muralikumar Anantharaman )
We 've still got a few hours before Hong Kong and Shanghai open , and it 's several hours after that until the US opens , but Japan is certainly getting the week started on an ugly note , with the Nikkei plunging over 270 points or 2.7 % .
The market , just like the Dow , is a few hundred points off of 10,000 .
Financials , in particular , are getting whacked .
• Our bestselling tags , field - proven for over 30 years .
• Anodized aluminum with embedded print makes them durable and guaranteed to last .
• A high - bond adhesive fuses permanently to most surfaces .
• Upload your logo and we 'll convert it to your tag for free .
• Guaranteed best pricing online .
With more than 1,300 practicing literary agents across the country , where do you start ?
Fear not — Writer ’s Digest has again assembled its annual short list of literary agents who ’ve confirmed they ’re open to reviewing queries from new and established authors alike .
by Chuck Sambuchino
LIVE WEBINAR EVENT :
How to Land a Literary Agent Session date : Thursday December 17 , 2009
Starting time : 1:00 pm , Eastern Daylight Time
Duration : 90 minutes
Host : Chuck Sambuchino , editor Guide to Literary Agents
For more details and to register , click here .
With more than 1,300 practicing literary agents across the country , what ’s an unagented scribe with no industry contacts to do ?
Where do you start ?
Who do you query , and how do you go about doing it ?
If you ’re a new writer looking for representation , the submission process can certainly be daunting .
Even when you assemble a list of agents who handle your particular category or genre , there ’s always the possibility that some of those reps are too busy to take on new clients .
But fear not .
We ’ve got a special dossier to help you on your journey .
Writer ’s Digest has again assembled its annual short list of literary agents who ’ve confirmed they ’re open to reviewing queries from new and established authors alike .
This means your work is going to get read and considered .
And rest assured there ’s an agent on this list for you , no matter what you ’re writing .
So if you ’ve finished your novel , memoir or book proposal ( and spent some solid time revising it ) , you have come to the right place to find your ideal agent — the one eager to sell your work to publishers .
Read on to learn who made the list this year , and to find out what they want and how they want to receive it .
Your agent match might just be waiting .
Emmanuelle Alspaugh
Judith Ehrlich Literary Management
880 Third Ave. , Eighth Floor , New York NY 10022
ealspaugh@judithehrlichliterary.com
judithehrlichliterary.com
FICTION INTERESTS : romance , women ’s fiction , historical fiction .
NONFICTION INTERESTS : narrative nonfiction , memoir , business and how - to .
ACTIVELY SEEKING : paranormal , futuristic and historical romance , and urban fantasy .
DOES NOT WANT : detective stories , spy thrillers , cozy mysteries or any novel with a dead body in the first chapter .
HOW TO CONTACT : “ E - mail queries preferred .
A nonfiction query should clearly describe the project and the author ’s qualifications for writing it , emphasizing any platform and existing audience the author has developed for the book , and listing any professional published work .
A fiction query should include the genre or category of the work , the approximate word count , a brief synopsis describing the plot and main characters , and the first chapter or first 7 – 10 pages of the ms .
If sending by e-mail , please paste this sample after the query . ”
RECENT SALES : Cooking and Screaming by Adrienne Kane ; Falling Under by Danielle Younge - Ullman ; Oysters & Chocolate by Jordan LaRousse and Samantha Sade .
TIPS : “ It ’s useful to mention any trade press books to which your work might be compared .
If we are sufficiently intrigued by your project , we will ask for samples or the complete proposal or ms . ”
Bernadette Baker - Baughman
Baker ’s Mark Literary Agency
P.O. Box 8382 , Portland OR 97207
info@bakersmark.com
bakersmark.com
SPECIALIZES IN : nonfiction and graphic novels .
NONFICTION INTERESTS : image - rich books , pop culture , light sociology and narrative nonfiction .
OTHER INTERESTS : beautifully illustrated works of non-fiction , memoir , YA fiction ( especially oriented toward female readers ) and contemporary literature .
Agent is also willing to talk to writers who have comic scripts without art attached .
DOES NOT WANT : sci-fi , Western or children ’s books .
HOW TO CONTACT : “ We prefer a query before you send us your ms .
Query via e-mail .
Your query should be one page with no attachments and no chapters included in the body of the e-mail .
Queries sent with attachments will be deleted unread .
If , based on your query , we ask to see more of your work , we will request more material to be sent via the U.S. Postal Service .
Work without a SASE will not be returned .
Please do not submit any original materials . ”
RECENT SALES : Friends With Boys by Faith Erin Hicks ; City of Spies by Susan Kim and Laurence Klavan , with illustrations by Faith Erin Hicks ; War Is Boring by David Axe and
Matt Bors ; The Wrenchies by Farel Dalrymple ; Comic Books 101 by Chris Ryall and Scott Tipton ; Boilerplate : History ’s Mechanical Marvel by Paul Guinan and Anina Bennett .
Michelle Brower
Folio Literary Management
505 8th Avenue , Suite 603
New York , NY 10018
michelle@foliolit.com
foliolit.com
NONFICTION INTERESTS : memoir , pop culture , humor , animal / pet books , popular science and narrative nonfiction .
FICTION INTERESTS : literary and commercial fiction , including thrillers , graphic novels , select YA titles , books that capture elements of the strange and wonderful , and those that offer a unique perspective of the world .
DOES NOT WANT : cozies , romance , picture books , genre sci- fi or horror .
HOW TO CONTACT : Put " Query " in the subject line of the e-mail .
“ For fiction , send a query with enough information about the novel and your writing credentials for me to evaluate whether the material is going to be right for me .
You are also welcome to include the first chapter .
Please include information about your previous publications , awards , and conferences and workshops you have attended .
For nonfiction , send a query with a clear description of the proposed book , a TOC or outline , and a sample chapter .
The writer ’s qualifications and credentials ( such as expertise in the subject area and promotional experience ) are essential to our assessment of the salability of the material .
Only queries with SASEs will receive responses .
Please specify whether or not the material is being considered by other agencies .
I generally respond to all queries within four weeks .
I now accept e-mail submissions ; please include my name in the subject line . ”
RECENT SALES : The Naked Pint : An Unadulterated Guide To Craft Beer by Christina Perozzi and Hallie Beaune ; The Handbook for Lightning Strike Survivors by Michele Young - Stone ; Through the Eyes of a Cat by Mieshelle Nagelschneider .
BUY NOW : 2010 Guide to Literary Agents GLA is your best resource for finding a literary agent who will represent your work .
* 750 updated agent listings
* 80 pages of original articles * exclusive access to WritersMarket.com .
To get your copy , click here .
Danielle Chiotti
Upstart Crow Literary
danielle.submission@gmail.com
upstartcrowliterary.com
NONFICTION INTERESTS : narrative nonfiction , memoir , self - help , relationships , humor , current events , women ’s issues and cooking .
FICTION INTERESTS : commercial women ’s fiction and multicultural fiction ( with a “ literary ” edge ) , romance , paranormal romance and YA fiction for girls .
DOES NOT WANT : sci-fi / fantasy , hard - boiled mystery or thrillers .
HOW TO CONTACT : Query through e-mail .
Stacia Decker
Donald Maass Literary
sdecker@maassagency.com
maassagency.com
FICTION INTERESTS : hard - boiled mystery and crime fiction .
HOW TO CONTACT : E - query letter with the first 5 pages pasted into the body of the e-mail .
She will request more if interested .
Amberly Finarelli
Andrea Hurst Literary Management
P.O. Box 19010 , Sacramento CA 95819
amberly@andreahurst.com
andreahurst.com
NONFICTION INTERESTS : humor / gift books , crafts , how - to ( financial , house and home , health and beauty , weddings ) , relationships / advice , self - help , psychology , travel writing and narrative nonfiction .
FICTION INTERESTS : commercial women ’s fiction ; comic and cozy mysteries ; literary fiction with a focus on the arts , culture and / or history .
HOW TO CONTACT : Query with a SASE by mail , or send an e-query .
For fiction , submit a synopsis and two sample chapters .
For nonfiction , submit the complete proposal .
RECENT SALES : Imagine Life With a Well - Behaved Dog by Julie A. Bjelland ; How to Host a Killer Party by Penny Warner ; The Complete Idiot ’s Guide to Barter and Trade Exchanges by Jerry Howell and Tom Chmielewski .
TIPS : “ Do your homework .
Submit a professional package . ”
Diana Flegal
Hartline Literary
123 Queenston Dr. , Pittsburgh PA 15235
diana@hartlineliterary.com
hartlineliterary.com
NONFICTION INTERESTS : how - to from an “ in the know ” perspective , with credentials to back that up .
Looking for “ where the rubber meets the road ” realistic solutions to life ’s trying circumstances and issues with a broad base of interest ( nonacademic but not in conflict with a Christian worldview ) .
Parenting , marriage , arts and health .
“ Non -preachy is fine , but heavier spiritual material is welcome as well . ”
FICTION INTERESTS : contemporary fiction with deep characterization and compelling , fast - paced story lines that show characters facing realistic circumstances , and sort of wrestling out their faith issues to a satisfying conclusion .
DOES NOT WANT : memoirs or biblical historical fiction .
HOW TO CONTACT : E - mail submissions with a complete proposal per the guidelines on the agency ’s website .
Allow 60 days for a reply .
For fiction , submit a package that includes your cover letter , bio , synopsis , market analysis , marketing strategies ( if any ) and the firstthree chapters .
For nonfiction , include a query and a comprehensive book proposal with at least three sample chapters .
RECENT SALES : Love Finds
You in Hershey , Pa. by Cerella Sechrist ; Prevailing Love by Loree Lough ; Fat to Skinny Fast and Easy ! by Doug Varrieur .
Loren S. Grossman
Paul S. Levine Literary Agency
1054 Superba Ave. , Venice CA 90291
lrg@ix.netcom.com
paulslevinelit.com
NONFICTION INTERESTS : child guidance / parenting , education / academics , health / medicine , science / technology .
HOW TO CONTACT : Writers are encouraged to refer to one or more books for writers on how to query .
Send a one - page , single - spaced query , preferably via e-mail ( although snail mail is acceptable ) .
Place the word “ Query ” in the subject line or “ Re : ” field of your query .
No phone calls .
In your query , note your target market , with a summary of specifics on how your work differs from other authors ’ published work .
All submissions should be free of spelling and grammatical errors .
If you ’re asked to submit material and you would like it returned should the agency not represent you , enclose a SASE .
Sammie L. Justesen
Northern Lights Literary Services
11248 N. Boyer Rd. , Suite A , Sandpoint ID 83864
sammie@northernlightsls.com
northernlightsls.com
NONFICTION INTERESTS : health , biography , psychology , self - help , how - to , food , parenting , new age , medical and business .
FICTION INTERESTS : women ’s , romance , mystery , Christian and suspense .
DOES NOT WANT : horror , children ’s , erotica .
HOW TO CONTACT : E - queries only .
For fiction , send a query , a one - or two - page synopsis of the plot , and the first few pages .
Also include an author bio relating to your writing experience .
Do n’t send entire ms unless requested .
For nonfiction , send a query and the book proposal .
“ We love writers who have a platform and will help market their books .
Due to the overwhelming number of submissions , we cannot respond to all queries , but we do read them and will contact you if interested . ”
RECENT SALES : Intuitive Parenting by Debra Snyder ; Thank You for Firing Me by Candice Reed and Kitty Martini ; The Never Cold Call Again Toolkit by Frank Rumbauskas , Jr .
Jennifer Laughran
Andrea Brown Literary Agency
jennl@andreabrownlit.com
andreabrownlit.com
FICTION INTERESTS : children ’s and YA only — realistic YA and middle - grade , humor , mystery , adventure , light fantasy and YA romance .
DOES NOT WANT : adult fiction , picture books , early readers , nonfiction , high fantasy or religious stories .
HOW TO CONTACT : E - mail queries only .
Put “ Query ” in the subject line .
Send the query and the first 10 pages in the body of the e-mail .
RECENT SALES : The Brilliant Fall of Gianna Z. by Kate Messner ; Beautiful Yetta ( The Yiddish Chicken ) by Daniel Pinkwater .
TIPS : “ A ‘ no ’ from one of our agents is a ‘ no ’ from the entire agency .
If your work is declined , please do not resubmit the same work to another agent at our agency , as we do communicate with each other about projects under consideration . ”
Alexandra H. Machinist
The Linda Chester and Associates Literary Agency
submissions@lindachester.com
lindachester.com
NONFICTION INTERESTS : narrative nonfiction , pop culture , popular science and travel narrative .
FICTION INTERESTS : literary fiction , literary suspense , upmarket women ’s fiction , anything and everything that explores a subculture , historical , historical romance , paranormal romance and any other novel that will keep her up turning pages all night .
DOES NOT WANT : memoir , prescriptive nonfiction or chick lit .
HOW TO CONTACT : Agent responds only to submissions that follow these guidelines : “ Please send a query that includes a comprehensive synopsis of the project , as well as a bio listing your writing and life credentials , to submissions@lindachester.com . ”
If she ’s interested in your work , she will respond within four weeks .
Snail mail submissions will not be reviewed .
RECENT SALES : Blood Oath by Christopher Farnsworth ; The Cheater ’s Diet by Marissa Lippert ; Some Girls by Jillian Lauren ; The Wet Nurse ’s Tale by Erica Eisdorfer .
Jennifer Mattson
Andrea Brown Literary Agency
jmatt@andreabrownlit.com
andreabrownlit.com
FICTION INTERESTS : picture books that are real , storytime - ready stories ( no one - joke tales or mood pieces ) .
For the older set , she ’s drawn to richly imagined fantasies that depart from old - hat heroic quests ( alternate realities , magical realism and steampunk are all styles / premises to have recently caught her notice ) .
ACTIVELY SEEKING : dystopian fiction for middle - graders and sprawling , atmospheric tales with Dickensian twists and satisfying puzzles .
But as much as high - concept novels pique her interest , the most mind - blowing premise ca n’t hide a flat narrative that rarely reaches for unexpected descriptions , fully fleshed characterizations or a zinging narrative voice .
DOES NOT WANT : fables and folktales .
HOW TO CONTACT : Send the query and first 10 pages via e-mail .
If you have n’t heard from her within eight weeks , please assume she is passing on your project .
RECENT SALES : Party by Tom Leveen ; Bobo Goes to Daycare by Gail Page ; Ten on the Sled by Kim Norman .
TIPS : “ A ‘ no ’ from one of our agents is a ‘ no ’ from the agency as a whole .
If your work is rejected , please do not resubmit the same work to another agent at our agency .
We do communicate with each other about projects . ”
Jeffery McGraw
The August Agency
submissions@augustagency.com
augustagency.com
ACTIVELY SEEKING : women ’s fiction , well - written melodramas ( consider Gone With the Wind or The Hours ) and witty comedies - of - manners ( All About Eve ) .
His other favorite areas are nonfiction subjects : political science , history , biography , self - help , health , lifestyle and the
social sciences .
HOW TO CONTACT : E - query with the word “ query ” in the subject line .
Include a detailed summary of your book ( one to two paragraphs only ) , a chapter outline ( for nonfiction only ) , a brief paragraph explaining who you are and why you have chosen to write this particular book , and the first 1,000 words or first chapter ( which must be pasted within the body of your e-mail ; all unsolicited attachments will be deleted ) .
RECENT SALES : Clintonomics : How Bill Clinton Reengineered the Reagan Revolution by Jack Godwin ; Plum Blossoms in Paris by Sarah Hina .
TIPS : “ I always welcome submissions from new authors .
Follow the submission guidelines on the agency website . ”
Kate McKean
Howard Morhaim Literary Agency
30 Pierrepont St. , Brooklyn NY 11201
kmckean@morhaimliterary.com
morhaimliterary.com
NONFICTION INTERESTS : narrative nonfiction , sports - related books , food writing , pop culture and craft .
FICTION INTERESTS : literary fiction , contemporary women ’s fiction , paranormal romance , romantic suspense , urban fantasy , mystery , YA and middle - grade fiction .
DOES NOT WANT : epic fantasy , sci- fi or children ’s picture books .
HOW TO CONTACT : Agent prefers e-mail queries , and generally responds in six to eight weeks .
Send a query letter and three sample chapters .
RECENT SALES : How to Take Over Teh Wurld by Professor Happycat and icanhascheezburger.com ; Cardboard Gods by Josh Wilker ; The Blind Contessa ’s New Machine by Carey Wallace .
Courtney Miller - Callihan
Sanford J. Greenburger Associates
55 Fifth Ave. , 15th Floor , New York NY 10003
cmiller@sjga.com
greenburger.com
NONFICTION INTERESTS : practical / how - to books , self - help , pop culture , lifestyle and narrative nonfiction .
FICTION INTERESTS : historical fiction , commercial women ’s fiction and kids ’ books .
DOES NOT WANT : religious / spiritual titles , talking animal books , thrillers and sci-fi .
HOW TO CONTACT : “ Query via e-mail .
Please submit a query , book proposal or the first three chapters of the ms , a synopsis of the work and a brief bio or résumé .
I generally reply to queries within six weeks . ”
RECENT SALES : Unclutter Your Life in One Week by Erin Rooney Doland ; The 12 Days of Christmas in Georgia by Elizabeth O. Dulemba ; Crazy Aunt Purl ’s Home Is Where the Wine Is by Laurie Perry ; Whip - Up ’s Mini Quilts by Kathreen Ricketson .
Robin Mizell
Robin Mizell Ltd .
P.O. Box 1270 , Athens OH 45701
mail@robinmizell.com
robinmizell.com
NONFICTION INTERESTS : long - form narrative journalism , neuroscience , psychology , sociology , pop culture , memoir and biography .
FICTION INTERESTS : literary and commercial fiction , graphic novels , YA and book - length short - story collections .
HOW TO CONTACT : Query via e-mail with a summary of the book , the word count and an explanation of your platform , credentials and expertise .
Also include the first five pages of your ms .
Tamela Hancock Murray
Hartline Literary
10383 Godwin Dr. , Manassas VA 20110
tamela@hartlineliterary.com
hartlineliterary.com
NONFICTION INTERESTS : work submitted from writers with a great platform and media presence who can partner with the publisher to sell books .
FICTION INTERESTS : Christian fiction , primarily romance .
Historical is of special interest at this time .
HOW TO CONTACT : E - queries only , sent to the above e-mail address .
For fiction , submit a package that includes your cover letter , bio , story synopsis , market analysis , marketing strategies ( if any ) and the first three chapters .
For nonfiction , include a query and a comprehensive book proposal with at least three sample chapters .
RECENT SALES : Hearts on the Road by Diana Lesire Brandmeyer ; Columbine Trail Series : The Jewel of His Heart and Kickin ’ up the Dust by Maggie Brendan ; When Your Aging Parent Needs Care by Candy Arrington and Kim Atchley .
Ellen Pepus
Signature Literary Agency
ellen@signaturelit.com
signaturelit.com
NONFICTION INTERESTS : narrative nonfiction , memoir , food and travel writing , pop culture and self - help .
FICTION INTERESTS : high - quality literary and commercial fiction , women ’s fiction and romance , historical fiction , erotica and mysteries .
DOES NOT WANT : sci-fi , fantasy , short stories or children ’s books .
HOW TO CONTACT : Send your query by e-mail .
No unsolicited attachments .
Responds in two to three weeks .
For fiction , send a query and the first five pages pasted into an e-mail .
For nonfiction , send a query and a detailed document stating your bio and platform .
RECENT SALES : Dealing With the Others by Jess Haines .
Katharine Sands
Sarah Jane Freymann Literary Agency
200 E. 62nd St. , Suite 30D , New York NY 10065
katharinesands@nyc.rr.com
NONFICTION INTERESTS : books that have a clear benefit for readers ’ lives in the categories of food , travel , lifestyle , home arts , beauty , wisdom , relationships , parenting and fresh looks , which might be at issues , life challenges or pop culture .
For compelling reads in “ faction , ” memoir and “ femoir , ” she likes to be transported to a world rarely or newly observed .
FICTION INTERESTS : literary fiction , chick lit , commercial fiction .
HOW TO CONTACT : Send an e-query .
If sending nonfiction , send the book proposal .
RECENT SALES : The SAT Word Slam by Jodi Fodor ; Taxpertise by Bonnie Lee ; For Better , Not Worse by Janice Green ; Elvis and You : Your Guide to the Pleasures of Being an Elvis Fan by Laura Victoria Levin and John O’Hara .
Jessica Sinsheimer
Sarah Jane Freymann Literary Agency
submissions@sarahjanefreymann.com
sarahjanefreymann.com
NONFICTION INTERESTS : food memoirs , travel memoirs , Parenting , Psychology , and cookbooks
FICTION INTERESTS : women ’s fiction , literary fiction , young adult
HOW TO CONTACT : Please put “ Query for Jessica ” at the start of the e-mail subject line to get your work read .
All queries are read and considered , though she can only respond to those that interest her .
“ I wo n’t object to a few sample pages ( attach them as a Word document , please ) : I know that writing queries is a skill separate from writing manuscripts . ”
Gretchen Stelter
Baker ’s Mark Literary Agency
P.O. Box 8382 , Portland OR 97207
info@bakersmark.com
bakersmark.com
FICTION INTERESTS : middle - grade and YA fiction , magic ( al ) realism , contemporary fiction and women ’s fiction .
Agent is interested in anything with an urban - fantasy touch ( more Mike Carey than Maurice G. Dantec ) , and the middle - grade and YA should have edgy , true - to - life characters and dialogue .
The contemporary and women ’s fiction should have a wide entry point for its audience but a strong hook that makes it stand out from the crowd .
HOW TO CONTACT : “ We prefer a query before you send us your ms .
Query us via e-mail .
Your query should be one page with no attachments and no chapters included in the body of the e-mail .
Queries sent with attachments will be deleted unread .
If , based on your query , we ask to see more of your work , we will request more material to be sent via the U.S. Postal Service .
Work without a SASE will not be returned .
Please do not submit any original materials . ”
RECENT SALES : Never After by Dan Elconin ; The Choyster Generation by Amalia McGibbon , Claire Williams and Lara Vogel .
Jon Sternfeld
Irene Goodman Literary Agency
27 W. 24th St. , Suite 700B , New York NY 10010
queries@irenegoodman.com
irenegoodman.com
INTERESTS : literary fiction and narrative nonfiction that combines a love of literature with an adventurous spirit .
Agent is open to all writers with an original voice , and he has a particular interest in nonfiction that focuses on cultural , historical and social issues .
HOW TO CONTACT : Send a query and the first 10 pages , along with a detailed synopsis of the book , in the body of an e-mail .
Agent responds in two months .
E-mail queries to personal addresses will not be answered .
No snail mail queries .
RECENT SALES : Children of Disappointment by David Chura ; The Sleepwalkers by Paul Grossman .
Ted Weinstein
Ted Weinstein Literary Management
twliterary.com
FICTION INTERESTS : None .
NONFICTION INTERESTS :
All nonfiction subjects , including but not limited to : business and personal finance , politics , health , food , history and biography , popular science , and pop culture .
HOW TO CONTACT : E - queries only .
Send a query or query & full , polished nonfiction book proposal .
Put the words “ Author Submission ” in the subject line and paste materials in the e-mail , rather than as attachments ( which will not be opened ) .
Submissions e-mail available on website .
RECENT SALES : Fibonacci's Bridge of Numbers : the Medieval Genius and the Book that Launched the Modern World , by NPR's " Math Guy " Keith Devlin ; Soldiers of G-d : Two Hasidic Gangs and the Battle for Brooklyn 's Toughest Neighborhood , by Christian Science Monitor reporter Matt Shaer ; 100 Plus : Getting Ready for the Coming Age of Longevity , by Sonia Arrison with a foreword by PayPal founder Peter Thiel ; Down & Derby : The Insider 's Guide To Roller Derby , by NPR host Alex " Axles of Evil " Cohen and Jennifer " Kasey Bomber " Barbee .
Christine Witthohn
Book Cents Literary Agency
2011 Quarrier St. , Charleston WV 25311
cw@bookcentsliteraryagency.com
bookcentsliteraryagency.com
NONFICTION INTERESTS : women ’s issues / experiences , gardening ( herbs , plants , flowers ) , fun / quirky topics ( particularly those of interest to women ) and cookbooks .
Agent also has a real fondness for travel and outdoor adventure .
FICTION INTERESTS : great YA / tween / teen projects , romances ( contemporary , romantic comedies , paranormal , mystery / suspense ) , women ’s lit ( must have a strong hook ) , mainstream mystery / suspense , as well as exceptional literary fiction .
DOES NOT WANT : sci-fi , inspirational , erotica , horror / dark thrillers , short stories / novellas , poetry or screenplays .
HOW TO CONTACT : Agent accepts e-queries only .
No attachments .
Nonfiction queries should clearly describe the project and include the writer ’s qualifications and the first chapter .
Fiction queries must include the genre , word count , a clear summary of the plot and characters , any writing credentials and the first chapter in the body of the e-mail .
Agent loves edgy stories and authors who think outside the box .
It always helps when authors know their target market and competition .
RECENT SALES : My Unfair Lady ; Beneath the Thirteen Moons ; and The Talismans of Elfhame series , all by Kathryne Kennedy .
WD Online Course :
Improve your query letter in just 4 - weeks :
Writing the Query Letter
Also :
Save 10 % off all shop orders by becoming a VIP today !
MILAN , Nov 4 ( Reuters ) - Pirelli has ruled out replacing Bridgestone as Formula
One tyre supplier from 2011 , the Italian company said on Wednesday .
Bridgestone Corp , the sole supplier since 2007 , announced on Monday it would not renew its contract after the end of the 2010 season .
Michelin withdrew after the 2006 season .
“ Pirelli ’s previous position on F1 has n’t changed .
Pirelli prefers to develop tyres for racing that will also be used on the road .
Pirelli sponsors Superbike , World Rally Championship and GT2 , ” a spokeswoman said .
( Reporting by Nigel Tutt ; Editing by Alison Wildey ; To query or comment on this story email sportsfeedback@thomsonreuters.com )
Taken from the lookout on Mount Coot - Tha , in Brisbanes west .
The size of this lightning bolt is massive , when you consider the lights on the ground at the CBD of Brisbane and its Southern and Western suburbs .
I was absolutely rapt with how this turned out .
My love of thunderstorms carries on .
Tags
Given the recent announcement that the government 's measure of unemployment has hit 10.2 percent , and given that the official House version of Obama 's healthcare plan , HR 3962 , has now passed , a close examination of the effects of " Obamacare " on the labor market is important .
It will be no surprise to readers of this site to learn that the Democrats ' bill will seriously harm precisely those poor and uninsured citizens it is ostensibly designed to help .
The harm will come by compounding mass unemployment and depriving these citizens of consumption choices .
Obamacare as Labor Tax
According to pages 269 –273 of the gargantuan bill , employers of full - time workers will be required to cover at least 72.5 percent of the premium of the least expensive health - insurance plan available that fulfills the bill 's minimum criteria of " acceptable coverage . "
In cases in which family coverage is provided , 62.5 percent of the premium is to be borne by the employer .
Depending on the specific plan and other variables such as location , this amounts to a direct labor tax of approximately $ 300 per month for an individual , or nearly $ 700 for family coverage .
The implication of this increased cost is that workers whose revenue productivity is less than $ 300 per month higher than their wages will be laid off , or have their hours cut to the level that will classify them as part - time .
Ignoring established labor law , the bill leaves the definition of part - time and full - time to the discretion of the Commissioner of Obama 's massive new health bureaucracy .
The lower the new " Health Choices Commissioner " sets the threshold in an attempt to maximize the number of people receiving the employer contribution , the more hours of production employers will have to shave off to push their employees under the threshold , and the less those workers will take home in wages each week .
Unfortunately , the bill also requires employers to cover a ( smaller ) percentage of the premium of the same minimum plan for part - time workers .
The effects here are even worse than above , because they weaken the ability of an employer to escape the labor tax by employing his workers for fewer hours .
Instead , with a labor tax on part - time workers as well , some low - productivity workers who are currently only working a few hours per week will be forced out of work entirely .
The Burden of Obamacare
We can say , as a mathematical certainty , that this labor tax is a regressive tax .
Because the tax is defined as 72.5 percent of the same premium for all workers , that absolute tax will fall more heavily on workers for whom the tax represents a higher percentage of their wages or salary .
To understand this better , we will apply a $ 300 monthly labor tax to the differences between wages and revenue production for two different workers .
If we make the simplifying assumption that a laborer is paid 99 percent of his revenue productivity , we can see that the absolute difference between productivity and wages is larger for high - income workers .
For example , a worker producing $ 50,000 of revenue per month will be paid $ 49,500 over the same period , delivering $ 500 in profit to his employer .
A worker producing $ 10,000 in revenue monthly , meanwhile , will receive $ 9900 , for a difference of only $ 100 .
Despite the differences in their absolute return , in a free economy , both laborers are profitable hires and thus employed .
In a post - Obama America , however , only the high - wage worker will be employed , leaving the low - productivity worker out of employment .
When a $ 300 per month charge is added to the cost of employing either worker , it is plain to see that only the high - wage worker 's absolute profit will remain positive .
The firm will continue to make $ 200 by employing the high - productivity worker , while it will be forced to lay off the low - productivity worker rather than lose $ 200 by employing him .
The Obamacare health tax thus will fall directly on the same employees who are hurt by minimum wage increases : teenagers , the disabled , and disadvantaged minorities .
If they do not wish to be laid off or cut to part - time , these low - productivity workers will accept a lower salary to keep their position and work schedule .
Thus , the worker who produces $ 10,000 monthly will offer to accept a salary of $ 9700 or less to save himself from a complete loss of employment or cut to part - time .
These workers will offer to shift the cost directly onto themselves rather than burdening the employer with it , which would result in their unemployment .
Predictably , though , the Democrats fully intend to " protect " workers from the choice to save their jobs by working for less .
Page 273 of the bill stipulates that any amount pledged for the minimum - health - insurance plan that corresponds to a fall in salary or wage will not be considered a contribution at all .
Page 310 establishes a $ 100 per day , per case fine for any privately negotiated fall in wages .
Thus , salaries will be locked in at current rates , with any cuts being considered an attempt to subvert the labor tax , and thus being subject to financial penalties .
In reality , this clause is no favor to workers , and instead acts as a wage floor to ensure that the unemployment effect will be immitigable and widespread .
Because any drop in wages during the months following the bill 's enactment would be considered a violation of the employer - contribution mandate and therefore would carry heavy fines , literally all wages will be prevented from falling below their current levels .
Implementing these indirect wage floors in literally every industry during a recession is downright ludicrous .
During a recession , wages rise and fall in different lines of production to align producers ' demand for laborers with consumers ' demand for the goods each type of labor produces .
In a dynamic market — that is , any market in which people are free to change their minds — different workers ' wages must rise and fall every day to accommodate changing consumer preferences .
To prevent this process from taking place is to prevent the structure of production from being corrected .
These wage floors will also hasten the decline of industries that are less valuable to consumers than they were at an earlier time , but that may still be a productive use of resources at a lower price .
Businesses in these industries will be unable to legally cut their labor costs to lower their prices and satisfy consumers who are less eager to buy their goods .
Without this option , such firms will need to either lay off part of their labor force , or simply go out of business entirely .
Destroying Real Production
It is equally important to consider the other end of the production chain , which is to say the actual output of goods and services .
By destroying the demand for marginally productive labor , Obamacare 's labor tax will necessarily destroy that labor 's end product , which is of course marginally - valued goods and services .
Thus , it is rational to expect fewer late - night fast food options , less - cleanly hotel rooms , fewer sales associates at retail outlets , and the like .
While these effects may not be as easily visible as a plant closure , they are real losses of consumable utility .
Free - market firms produce convenience and extra quality until the point at which it is no longer profitable to do so .
Destroying the production of these goods and services would destroy the niceties that capital accumulation and progress allow Americans to take for granted .
The effect of Obamacare on the prices of produced goods is obviously inflationary .
Increasing the cost of employing every single laborer by $ 300 a piece is certain to increase the price of all produced goods .
Combining price increases with rising unemployment is hardly a laudable strategy for improving the lives of poor citizens .
Conclusion
The historic passage of HR 3962 by the House of Representatives is not an event to be celebrated .
Obamacare will exacerbate the nation 's rising unemployment and will prevent wages from fluctuating according to market demand .
Just as with other sectors , a supposedly beneficial social policy hurts the poorest and least - able citizens the most .
Submitted by Anonymous
“ Women 's Issues ”
I am a woman .
I worked on Wall Street where the C.E.O. ( a man ) convened a meeting to explore " Women 's Issues on Wall Street . "
Successful women from the firm were invited along to share their opinions .
One woman , " Diane , " said she thought mothers should n't take maternity leave , and that women just had to work harder and longer than men to get ahead .
The C.E.O. appointed Diane as " Head of Women 's Issues . "
Diane 's boss was forced out and she became co-Head of our department , meaning that I reported to her .
At 35 , I had been trying to get pregnant for years , and , as everyone in the group knew , was using fertility drugs .
Happily , I became pregnant with triplets .
I was a very good producer for the department , but Diane was not happy about my news .
She suggested , " as a friend , " that I abort one or two of my children so I could " better manage my career .
" After giving birth to three beautiful children , and taking my full maternity leave ; I found a new job on Wall Street .
With three babies , I did not want to fight that fight .
Diane continues to move ever - higher on Wall Street .
For this they are required to have excellent communication skills , pleasant personality and should love interacting with people .
They should also have basic mathematics and computer operation skills , as their job will also involve maintaining records and data on the computer .
Let ’s take a quick look at the technicals here to see if it can be bought at these levels or if a pullback is coming .
As we can see , the relative strength index near overbought territory with a current value of 67.38 , cheap jerseys china while the MACD chart below shows the black line above Discount Wholesale Soccer Jerseys Free Shipping the red line with flattening divergence bars , meaning the bullish momentum on the stock price is getting tired .
I will not be putting any additional capital to work in the name right now ..
Once again , raw energy and drive is utilized , so the child can calm down and not feel so restless .
Also , solo sports involve more of a one Discount NBA Jerseys on Wholesale Discount Soccer Jerseys From China one experience between coach and student , so the child gets the correct amount of attention and support .
Below are some solo sports :.
“ We also believe other names in the group have become relatively more attractive ” namely CBS ( raised target ) and Wholesale Cheap Soccer Jerseys Free Shipping Fox ( FOX , FOXA ) , wholesale football jerseyswhich Brean recently upgraded to Buy .
If the AT deal falls apart , he notes , the presence of likely other bidders puts a floor under the Wholesale Discount NBA Jerseys Free Shipping price .
And while Gould thinks the deal will be approved with conditions , TWX is a solid stand alone , historically “ the greatest content factory , both television and film , in the industry . ” .
Even if you do n’t own any official gear , you can show support by wearing team colors .
Avoid inadvertently supporting the other team .
Yes , you may look good in red , but if that ’s the opposing team ’s color , your boyfriend will not be amused .
John Madden , then a commentator for CBS , demonstrates the “ Telestrator ” device that he would use to illustrate plays during the Super Bowl at the Silverdome in Pontiac , Mich. , http://www.footballjerseysuppliers.com on Jan. 21 , 1982 .
Madden , the burly former coach who has been one of pro football ’s most popular broadcast analysts for three decades , is retiring , he announced on April 16 , 2009 .
The Madden NFL 10 Online Franchise Companion is a great tool for anybody in a Madden NFL 10 online franchise .
You can manage many things from your franchise simply from your iPhone .
It is also a nice touch that Electronic Arts made this a free application .
Many championships are won based on special teams .
More specifically , let ’s talk about the kickoff .
Making sure that we put the ball in the tee on the kickoff , at an angle where our foot strikes the ball to create a rotation on the ball , and we can get depth on the kick .
Marijuana has been shown to mitigate pain and nausea associated with chemotherapy and AIDS .
It also is an effective treatment for glaucoma .
Some studies show it is useful in treating spasticity , asthma , inflammatory bowel disease , multiple sclerosis , migraines , fibromyalgia , some mental disorders , rheumatoid arthritis , epilepsy , hypertension and post traumatic stress disorder .
The shift in practice for the Department of Justice means that prosecutors wo n't focus federal resources on individuals whose actions are in " clear and unambiguous compliance with state laws " regarding the medical use of marijuana .
Given this change and popular support for the use of medical marijuana , it is likely more states will make it legal .
The subject tends to be an emotional one .
People who have seen loved ones get relief from terrible suffering often advocate for its approval for medical purposes .
To others , it connotes the tumultuous ' 60s when pot was a big part of the peace movement and was the drug of choice for many who opted to " drop out " of the establishment .
Opponents cite studies that indicate that while marijuana is n't physically addictive like alcohol or nicotine , it can be psychological addictive .
Long - term , sustained use can impair mental functions .
But the administration 's decision did n't say marijuana is good ( or bad ) .
It said that resources needed to pursue people using it for medical purposes could be better used in other ways .
States like Rhode Island and New Mexico formally license medical marijuana providers as a way of balancing law enforcement and medical options .
In California , laws are more lax .
The administration 's new tactic might encourage advocates for decriminalization of marijuana in general .
They lament anti-marijuana laws and see potential economic and law enforcement benefits from making it legal .
South Carolina is one of 36 states that do not allow medical marijuana , and , as reported by our David Quick , state legislators are reluctant even to talk about it .
But we have n't heard any legislators complain about doctors being allowed to prescribe far more potent -- and addictive -- opiates , as needed for pain .
Palmetto State lawmakers should adopt legislation that would allow doctors to prescribe marijuana for medical purposes .
There is plenty of evidence to demonstrate that it offers effective treatment for some dreadful diseases and mitigates the painful remedies that are sometimes required for the treatment of cancer .
Source : Post and Courier , The ( Charleston , SC )
Published : Monday , November 9 , 2009
Copyright : 2009 Evening Post Publishing Co .
Website : http://www.charleston.net/
Contact : letters@postandcourier.com
URL : http://drugsense.org/url/zt1J5nR5
CannabisNews Medical Marijuana Archives
http://cannabisnews.com/news/list/medical.shtml
The highly controversial Conservative Economic Action Plan is being used in an essay question for potential applicants to an elite management training program in the federal public service .
One of my former research assistants was really excited recently – he was applying to get a job in Canada ’ public service .
So he logged on to the Public Service Resourcing System to fill out requisite forms .
Part of the job application process meant writing an essay .
Making applicants write a 1000 - word essay is probably a good way to see whether candidates can reason .
But look at what the topic was :
“ In 1000 words ( maximum ) ‘ In 2009 , the Government of Canada introduced Canada ’s Economic Action Plan to help Canada ’s economy weather the economic storm .
In 1000 words or less , please choose two of these measures and discuss their implications for Canada .
In your answer , please consider , as appropriate , the social , economic and international policy imlications of each measure . ”
It seems as though , to be recruited into the public service under the watch of this government , you must find a way to discuss the Economic Action Plan – a plan that has already been communicated to Canadians in a strongly partisan fashion .
The political communication around the Economic Action Plan has been venal to the point of being divisive :
the scandalous Conservative - branded cheques ,
the fact that municipalities have to ante up money to pay for signs advertising the Action Plan , the uneven distribution of stimulus ( with the majority being doled out to Conservative ridings ) ,
etc .
The highly politicized , outrageous political communication of the plan has been so riddled with controversy that it has effectively invalidated the Action Plan as fodder for an impartial essay question for a public service entrance exam .
It does n’t seem right for the Government of Canada to potentially make applicants feel as though they should pass a partisan or ideological litmus test to get a job with the public service .
Here is the screen shot of the webpage in which you type out your essay .
Just make the text bigger to see the picture in higher resolution .
The Web Address and Text of the Job Description :
https://psjobs-emploisfp.psc-cfp.gc.ca/psrs-srfp/applicant/2/page1600?careerChoice=102441&action=viewPoster
Accelerated Economist Training Program ( AETP ) , Post - Secondary Recruitment
This career choice is part of the Post - Secondary Recruitment Program * ( PSR ) which provides entry - level positions to university and college graduates .
Department Name :
On behalf of Government Departments ( current participants : Department of the Environment , Department of Foreign Affairs and International Trade , Department of Citizenship and Immigration , Department of Industry , Department of Fisheries and Oceans , Department of Health , Department of Transport , Treasury Board Secretariat , Privy Council Office , Department of Finance )
Locations : Ottawa , Gatineau
Classification : EC – 02
Salary : $ 49,381 .
The salary may be increased with relevant experience .
Closing Date : November 9 , 2009 – 23:59 , Pacific Time Useful Information
Reference Number : FIN09J - 009189-000371
Selection Process Number : 2009 - FIN-EA -BL -17074
Employment Tenure : Indeterminate
Vacancies : between 8 - 12 positions .
The Program is seeking highly motivated candidates who have an interest in Canadian public policy and governance , and who possess good judgment , analytical skills , leadership talent , and the ability to work as part of a team .
The Program offers four challenging , six - month assignments in central agencies ( i.e. the Privy Council Office , the Department of Finance Canada , and the Treasury Board of Canada Secretariat ) and various other departments in the National Capital Region ( Ottawa / Gatineau ) .
Participants will have an opportunity to analyze and contribute to a variety of social , economic , and international policy issues .
Upon completion of these assignments , participants are eligible for intermediate - level positions in the Public Service of Canada .
The combination of hands - on work experience and training provides participants with a unique introduction to a challenging and rewarding career and a chance to serve Canada and Canadians .
Advertisements
Share this : Email
Print
LinkedIn
Pinterest
Tumblr
Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
More
Pocket
So this platoon comes back to an Afghan village it has n’t visited in three months .
One of the village elders tells the platoon commander , " We ask you not to come here .
It is better for us , and better for you . "
As the platoon leaves the village , the Taliban attack it and a four - hour firefight ensues .
This compelling story , told by a Knight Ridder / Tribune correspondent , perfectly illustrates the futility of the foreign policy course we are pursuing , especially in Afghanistan .
The U.S built a clinic in the village to " demonstrate to Afghans that they have more to gain from the Americans than from the Taliban . "
Last spring the Taliban blew the clinic up .
The platoon commander takes off his helmet and sunglasses and explains to the village elders that the Taliban have been passing through their village on their way to attack U.S. outposts along the nearby Pech River .
" Unless this is stopped , you have to understand that you ’ll be getting regular visits from coalition forces , " the platoon commander says .
The elders politely tell him to bug off .
The platoon splits into two squads and walks away from the village .
The platoon ’s Afghan translator asks the journalist if he has a mobile phone .
" You should call your loved ones now to say that you care about them , " the translator says .
" I ’m telling you , the walk home from here is not a joke . "
The platoon walks about 500 yards out of the village with helicopters patrolling overhead when gunfire sizzles down from the mountainside .
Four hours later the fight is over .
The platoon thinks they and the helicopters maybe killed five Taliban .
There ’s no way of knowing how accurate this assessment is .
The platoon , thankfully , merely suffers two sprained ankles .
What ’s wrong with this picture ?
Everything .
If the platoon is n’t there , nothing bad happens .
If we had n’t built the clinic , the Taliban would n’t have blown it up .
If we did n’t have outposts along the Pech River , the Taliban would n’t pass through the village to attack them .
Is it any wonder the village elders do n’t want the Americans in their village ?
Is it any wonder Afghans do n’t want us in their country ?
Our interventionist foreign policy creates many problems and solves few of them .
It certainly does n’t make us more secure .
For every Islamo - hooligan we kill or capture we create two or more new ones .
Our policies are strategically foolhardy .
They ’re tactically imbecilic as well .
A platoon — roughly two - dozen troops — of the best - trained , best - equipped military in history , supported by helicopter gunships , got hung up in a four - hour battle with dudes who probably live in caves .
The Americans are running out of ammo .
The American helicopters fly in more machine gun bullets and grenades .
The Taliban do n’t have any helicopters to do that for them , but they do n’t run out of ammo .
Nearby U.S. bases provide covering artillery fire .
The Taliban do n’t have any artillery .
" Gradually , " the Knight Ridder correspondent says , " the Soldiers made it to safety .
The firefight had lasted about four hours .
The entire operation , from dawn until the return to base , went on for about seven hours . "
This is sorry stuff .
This platoon , backed by airpower , did n’t defeat a Taliban ambush .
It escaped from it , barely .
What was the point of the platoon ’s mission ?
It went into an Afghan village to act tough and got run out of town by a herd of goat ropers .
That sums up our entire Afghanistan experience .
Do n’t confuse this firefight with one of those deals where the bad guys are mixed in with the population and Gen.
Stan McChrystal ’s goofy rules of engagement require our guys to tie both hands behind their backs and box with their chins .
This was a straight up fight between our guys and an inferior force , and our guys were lucky to get out of it with mere joint sprains .
It was a case of a tactical situation reflecting the bathos of the strategic mindset .
High command sends 20 - something - year - old lieutenant and his platoon of teenagers into a village to tell a bunch of old Afghans we ’re not happy that the Taliban are passing through their village to attack us .
The platoon leaves town the way it came , through a riverbed surrounded by high ground .
The bad guys , who saw them come in , know exactly how to whack them coming out .
Stanley McChrystal wants to put 40,000 or more Americans in this exact same position .
As George Patton would say , " Such a waste of fine infantry . "
This is a sad patch in American history .
We need to get our troops out of Iraq and Afghanistan .
The Pentagon and its rabid Long War followers do n’t want that to happen , and I ’m losing faith in President Obama ’s ability to stand up to them .
From what one reads , Obama is likely to let his generals put more good infantry into bad terrain on a pointless mission .
Alas .
Supporting Los Alamos National Laboratory 's role in the international Center for HIV / AIDS Vaccine Immunology ( CHAVI ) consortium , researchers are using the Roadrunner supercomputer to analyze vast quantities of genetic sequences from HIV infected people in the hope of zeroing in on possible vaccine target areas .
Physicist Tanmoy Bhattacharya and HIV researcher Bette Korber have used samples taken by CHAVI across the globe - from both chronic and acute HIV patients - and created an evolutionary genetic family tree , known as a phylogenetic tree , to look for similarities in the acute versus chronic sequences that may identify areas where vaccines would be most effective .
In this study the evolutionary history of more than 10,000 sequences from more than 400 HIV - infected individuals was compared .
The idea , according to Korber , is to identify common features of the transmitted virus , and attempt to create a vaccine that enables recognition the original transmitted virus before the body 's immune response causes the virus to react and mutate .
" DNA Sequencing technology , however , is currently being revolutionized , and we are at the cusp of being able to obtain more than 100,000 viral sequences from a single person , " said Korber .
" For this new kind data to be useful , computational advances will have to keep pace with the experimental , and the current study begins to move us into this new era . "
" The petascale supercomputer gives us the capacity to look for similarities across whole populations of acute patients , " said Bhattacharya .
" At this scale we can begin to figure out the relationships between chronic and acute infections using statistics to determine the interconnecting branches - and it is these interconnections where a specially - designed vaccine might be most effective .
Source : Los Alamos National Laboratory ( news : web )
Explore further A more complex HIV family tree discovered
PHP 5.3.1 Release Announcement
The PHP development team is proud to announce the immediate release of PHP 5.3.1 .
This is a maintenance release in the 5.3 series , which includes a large number of bug fixes .
Security Enhancements and Fixes in PHP 5.3.1 :
Added " max_file_uploads " INI directive , which can be set to limit the number of file uploads per-request to 20 by default , to prevent possible DOS via temporary file exhaustion .
Added missing sanity checks around exif processing .
Fixed a safe_mode bypass in tempnam ( ) .
Fixed a open_basedir bypass in posix_mkfifo ( ) .
Fixed bug # 50063 ( safe_mode_include_dir fails ) .
Fixed bug # 44683 ( popen crashes when an invalid mode is passed ) .
Key Bug Fixes in PHP 5.3.1 include :
Fixed crash in com_print_typeinfo when an invalid typelib is given .
Fixed crash in SQLiteDatabase :: ArrayQuery ( ) and SQLiteDatabase : : SingleQuery ( ) when calling using Reflection .
Fixed crash when instantiating PDORow and PDOStatement through Reflection .
Fixed bug # 49910 ( no support for ././ @LongLink for long filenames in phar tar support ) .
Fixed bug # 49908 ( throwing exception in __autoload crashes when interface is not defined ) .
Around 100 other bug fixes
For users upgrading from PHP 5.2 there is a migration guide available here , detailing the changes between those releases and PHP 5.3 .
For a full list of changes in PHP 5.3.1 , see the ChangeLog .
If you ’re a foodie , restaurant lover , or just someone who always eats out because you ’re too lazy ( or busy ) to do anything else , there is an Application on Android Market for you – OpenTable .
The application , which is already available on the iPhone / BlackBerry / WebOS , allows you to view nearby restaurants , check out their profile and make reservations directly from your phone .
Here is the press release :
OpenTable Introduces Free Mobile Application for Android
Android™ Users Can Now Find and Make Free Online Restaurant Reservations
On - the - Move SAN FRANCISCO —( Sept. 14 , 2009 ) — OpenTable , Inc. ( NASDAQ : OPEN ) , a leading provider of free online reservations for diners and guest management systems for restaurants , today announced the launch of its free reservations booking application for the Android platform .
Diners using OpenTable for Android can check the real - time availability of multiple restaurants in the area , read restaurant reviews , invite friends to join them and then follow directions to the restaurant , all from their mobile device .
OpenTable for Android is the latest addition to OpenTable ’s smartphone application series which makes it easier than ever to book dining reservations on - the - go .
“ OpenTable ’s mobile applications take the ease and convenience of online reservations to a whole new level , ” said Caroline Potter , chief dining officer at OpenTable .
“ The ability to instantly find and book reservations from anywhere — without having to research restaurants from a desktop computer or make multiple calls to find available tables – is a truly valuable service for business travelers and casual diners alike .
Now , fans of the open source Android platform can experience that same advantage . ”
With OpenTable for Android , diners can simply specify the desired date , time and party size for their meal to immediately be provided with a list of available tables at restaurants in the vicinity .
From there , diners can refine results by price range or type of cuisine , view individual restaurants on a map , and send emails complete with reservation information to friends .
Registered OpenTable members can view or modify their upcoming reservations , earn OpenTable Dining Points and see their current points balances from their smartphones .
OpenTable for Android users can also book 1,000 - point reservations , allowing them to earn free meals faster than ever before .
OpenTable for Android also leverages the Android platform ’s unique integration capability between applications .
Using this feature , WHERE ® and GoodFood , two location - based applications in Android Market™ , now enable their users to make restaurant reservations via OpenTable when they are on the go .
WHERE ® is a location - based application that connects people to the world around them , helping them save time and money .
Now with the integration of OpenTable , WHERE users on Android powered - devices will not only be able to search for restaurants nearby and read reviews , but they will also be able to book reservations while on the go .
The GoodFood application makes it easier and faster to find and share restaurant recommendations .
With simple ‘ Thumbs Up ’ or ‘ Thumbs Down ’ recommendations , short quick tips and easy to use cuisine and price filters , GoodFood allows diners to make rapid , informed decisions about where to dine .
The application is available for download today from Android Market on Android - powered devices .
For more information about OpenTable ’s mobile applications for smartphones , please visit www.opentable.com/mobile.
The company also sent me a one - sheet that goes into a little more detail .
You ’ll note that they ’ve seated 500,000 people using the iPhone app alone .
With mobile web growing at the rate it has …
OpenTable could really be onto something here :
Introducing OpenTable for Android
Find and make dinner reservations from anywhere !
How it works :
OpenTable for Android allows diners to make confirmed restaurant reservations instantly at more than 10,000 restaurants nationwide – right from their Android handheld .
Diners using Android can use the OpenTable app to check the real - time availability of multiple restaurants in the area , invite friends to dinner and then follow directions to the restaurant , making it easier than ever for people to find and book dinner reservations on - the - go .
Features include : Find nearby restaurants and see real - time availability
Display restaurants on an interactive map
Refine by cuisine , price , points and availability
View restaurant profile pages with detailed information , including photos , menus and diner reviews
Send an invite to fellow diners via email
Get directions to the restaurant
Earn Dining Rewards Points , including 1,000 Dining Points on eligible dining times .
( Points are redeemable for Dining Cheques good at any OpenTable restaurant )
Relevant Facts and Stats :
According to comScore , the number of people downloading mobile applications has grown by more than 83 % over the past year , to 11.3 million .
The number of people searching for information on restaurants from mobile phones has increased by 70 % during the past year .
Since launching its iPhone app in November 2008 , OpenTable has seated more than 500,000 diners through this application .
About OpenTable :
OpenTable is a leading provider of free , real - time online restaurant reservations for diners and reservation and guest management solutions for restaurants .
The OpenTable network delivers the convenience of online restaurant reservations to diners and the operational benefits of a computerized reservation book to restaurants .
OpenTable has more than 11,000 restaurant customers , and since its inception in 1998 , has seated more than 110 million diners around the world .
The company is headquartered in San Francisco , California , and the OpenTable service is available throughout the United States , as well as in Canada , Germany , Japan , Mexico , and the United Kingdom .
Head over to Android Market , work up an appetite , make some reservations and let us know how it works out for you !
Court papers gave a list of Joe Jackson 's expenses
Joe Jackson has requested an allowance from the estate of his late son Michael , saying the pop star supported him for years before his death .
In court papers filed in Los Angeles , the 81 - year - old 's lawyers said his monthly expenses are $ 20,000 , but he receives only $ 1,700 from the state .
They added that the pop star 's estate has earned an estimated $ 100 m ( £ 60.1 m ) since his sudden death on 25 June .
A hearing to assess the request is expected to take place early next year .
' Surprising '
Michael Jackson's will omitted his father , but made provision for his mother and children .
Monthly payments to Katherine Jackson along with his daughter and two sons were approved by a judge last month .
They may be re-evaluated at the same time as the hearing to determine Joe Jackson 's case .
Documents filed in Los Angeles Superior Court state that Joe Jackson does not have a regular income and relied on payments from his son which came through his wife Katherine for many years .
Joe Jackson 's lawyers went on to state that he has diabetes and suffered a stroke a decade ago .
His only source of income comes from social security payments , they added .
Howard Weitzman , a lawyer for the administrators of the pop star 's estate , said it was " quite surprising to learn of the request " .
He added : " Mr Jackson 's petition will be considered as are all requests for money from Michael 's estate . "
Joe Jackson 's outgoings were listed in the court papers and included rent for his Las Vegas home , meals out , air travel and hotel accommodation .
A Kuwait - based company that is the principal food supplier to the U.S. military in Iraq has been indicted on charges that it defrauded the U.S. government in a series of alleged schemes that , by one account , have cost American taxpayers more than $ 1 billion .
The six - count criminal indictment was unsealed Monday in U.S. District Court in Atlanta against the company , Public Warehousing Co. , or PWC , which in 2006 changed its name to Agility .
Among other things , the complaint accuses the company of filing false invoices , failing to pass discounts along to the federal government , and asking vendors to decrease the amount of products in their packages “ for no reason other than to charge the United States more for the same amount of product . ”
The indictment is a potentially serious blow to a company that has become deeply involved in America ’s overseas military effort .
The publicly traded , multinational company has a number of other contracts with the Defense Department , including agreements to operate distribution depots in Kuwait and Guam , manage operations and security at overseas Air Force fuel facilities , and deliver electronic repair parts to the Army .
On Monday , the Defense Department ’s logistics agency issued suspension notices to the company , which bar it from receiving new government contracts pending the outcome of the case .
However , the current contracts will continue to be honored .
The company ’s multibillion - dollar food contract lasts until December 2010 ; other contracts do not expire until 2013 or 2014 , said Dennis J. Gauci , spokesman for the Defense Logistics Agency .
Advertisement
The government has “ no legal basis to discontinue the contracts , ” said Gauci , who added that other companies could step in if the company is found guilty .
According to its website , Agility has 37,000 employees in 120 countries ; the headquarters of its commercial division for the Americas is in Irvine .
In a statement Monday , the company said it was “ surprised and disappointed ” by the indictment , and said that the allegations would be proven to be without merit .
It also noted that more than 30 company employees have been killed carrying out the “ extremely dangerous work of providing food for U.S. troops in a war zone . ”
At a news conference , prosecutors said no employees or officers of the company had been arrested .
They also emphasized that the investigation was ongoing .
Advertisement
“ Others who have engaged in similar conduct should beware , ” said F. Gentry Shelnutt , who is serving as acting U.S. attorney in the case .
“ This indictment is only the first step . ”
In 2005 , a federal whistle - blower lawsuit known as a qui tam action was filed under seal against PWC and others in U.S. District Court in Atlanta .
The plaintiff in this civil case is a Kuwaiti resident , Kamal Mustafa Al - Sultan , a relative of the head of Agility , Tarek Abdulaziz Sultan Al - Essa .
According to court documents , the plaintiff ’s company entered into a partnership in 2002 with the company that would become Agility to provide services to the Defense Department .
In an amended complaint last month , Al - Sultan alleged that the damages to the U.S. government exceeded $ 1 billion , and that the “ fraud continues unabated . ”
In the news conference , prosecutors declined to put a total dollar amount on the alleged fraud .
The Justice Department has chosen to join in the civil whistle - blower action as a plaintiff , said Patrick Crosby , a spokesman for the department .
This action is in addition to the criminal complaint .
Advertisement
Under the criminal charges , the company faces potential fines of up to twice the amount it allegedly obtained through fraud , or twice the loss to the United States , said Barbara E. Nelan , assistant U.S. attorney and a lead prosecutor on the case .
If the ongoing investigation reveals illegalities performed by company employees , they could be individually charged , she said .
An initial appearance and arraignment for the company is set for Nov. 20 before U.S. Magistrate Judge Janet F. King in Atlanta .
Prosecutors said they were unsure who would be representing the company in that proceeding .
--
Advertisement
richard.fausset@latimes.com
MOSCOW 
The man suspected of murdering a prominent human rights lawyer and a journalist in January has admitted committing the crime , saying he did it out of “ personal enmity ” for one of the victims , his lawyer said Friday .
Investigators say that Nikita Tikhonov was the shooter and that an accomplice , Yevgenia Khasis , acted as lookout .
Both have been identified as ultranationalists , and were arraigned in Moscow on Thursday .
The attack , which shook the beleaguered human rights community here , was carried out in broad daylight just blocks from the Kremlin as Stanislav Markelov , the lawyer , and a reporter , Anastasia Baburova , were leaving a news conference .
Investigators say that Mr. Tikhonov ran up behind them and opened fire , instantly killing Mr. Markelov , 34 .
Ms. Baburova , a 25 - year - old trainee reporter , was wounded and died later at the hospital .
Mr. Tikhonov intended to kill only Mr. Markelov , his lawyer , Yevgeny V. Skripilyov , said on Echo Moskvy radio .
NASA 's LCROSS Impacts Confirm Water in Lunar Crater
Press Release From : Ames Research Center
Posted : Friday , November 13 , 2009
MOFFETT FIELD , Calif . --
Preliminary data from NASA 's Lunar Crater Observation and Sensing Satellite , or LCROSS , indicates the mission successfully uncovered water in a permanently shadowed lunar crater .
The discovery opens a new chapter in our understanding of the moon .
The LCROSS spacecraft and a companion rocket stage made twin impacts in the Cabeus crater Oct. 9 that created a plume of material from the bottom of a crater that has not seen sunlight in billions of years .
The plume traveled at a high angle beyond the rim of Cabeus and into sunlight , while an additional curtain of debris was ejected more laterally .
" We 're unlocking the mysteries of our nearest neighbor and , by extension , the solar system , " said Michael Wargo , chief lunar scientist at NASA Headquarters in Washington .
" The moon harbors many secrets , and LCROSS has added a new layer to our understanding . "
Scientists long have speculated about the source of significant quantities of hydrogen that have been observed at the lunar poles .
The LCROSS findings are shedding new light on the question with the discovery of water , which could be more widespread and in greater quantity than previously suspected .
If the water that was formed or deposited is billions of years old , these polar cold traps could hold a key to the history and evolution of the solar system , much as an ice core sample taken on Earth reveals ancient data .
In addition , water and other compounds represent potential resources that could sustain future lunar exploration .
Since the impacts , the LCROSS science team has been analyzing the huge amount of data the spacecraft collected .
The team concentrated on data from the satellite 's spectrometers , which provide the most definitive information about the presence of water .
A spectrometer helps identify the composition of materials by examining light they emit or absorb .
" We are ecstatic , " said Anthony Colaprete , LCROSS project scientist and principal investigator at NASA 's Ames Research Center in Moffett Field , Calif .
" Multiple lines of evidence show water was present in both the high angle vapor plume and the ejecta curtain created by the LCROSS Centaur impact .
The concentration and distribution of water and other substances requires further analysis , but it is safe to say Cabeus holds water . "
The team took the known near - infrared spectral signatures of water and other materials and compared them to the impact spectra the LCROSS near infrared spectrometer collected .
" We were able to match the spectra from LCROSS data only when we inserted the spectra for water , " Colaprete said .
" No other reasonable combination of other compounds that we tried matched the observations .
The possibility of contamination from the Centaur also was ruled out . "
Additional confirmation came from an emission in the ultraviolet spectrum that was attributed to hydroxyl , one product from the break - up of water by sunlight .
When atoms and molecules are excited , they release energy at specific wavelengths that can be detected by the spectrometers .
A similar process is used in neon signs .
When electrified , a specific gas will produce a distinct color .
Just after impact , the LCROSS ultraviolet visible spectrometer detected hydroxyl signatures that are consistent with a water vapor cloud in sunlight .
Data from the other LCROSS instruments are being analyzed for additional clues about the state and distribution of the material at the impact site .
The LCROSS science team and colleagues are poring over the data to understand the entire impact event , from flash to crater .
The goal is to understand the distribution of all materials within the soil at the impact site .
" The full understanding of the LCROSS data may take some time .
The data is that rich , " Colaprete said .
" Along with the water in Cabeus , there are hints of other intriguing substances .
The permanently shadowed regions of the moon are truly cold traps , collecting and preserving material over billions of years . "
LCROSS was launched June 18 from NASA 's Kennedy Space Center in Florida as a companion mission to the Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter , or LRO .
Moving at a speed of more than 1.5 miles per second , the spent upper stage of its launch vehicle hit the lunar surface shortly after 4:31 a.m. PDT Oct. 9 , creating an impact that instruments aboard LCROSS observed for approximately four minutes .
LCROSS then impacted the surface at approximately 4:36 a.m .
LRO observed the impact and continues to pass over the site to give the LCROSS team additional insight into the mechanics of the impact and its resulting craters .
The LCROSS science team is working closely with scientists from LRO and other observatories that viewed the impact to analyze and understand the full scope of the LCROSS data .
For information about LCROSS , visit : http://www.nasa.gov/lcross
// end //
More news releases and status reports or top stories .
Please follow SpaceRef on Twitter and Like us on Facebook .
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Transcript :
Woman : I 'm sorry , but grandpa had to put the Internet out of its misery now that " Facebook " is being used as a verb ...
Life 's hard lesson in grammar ...
As you 've been reading , Senate Republicans , lead by the KKK's own Jeff Sessions , are conducting a systematic obstructionist campaign against every Obama judicial nomination .
Tuesday they 'll be filibustering David Hamilton , Obama 's first nominee ... from last March .
When Obama -- at the urging of " notorious radicals " Evan Bayh and Dick Lugar -- nominated him , the media greeted the announcement with a big yawn and basically announced that Obama the pick showed that Obama would be appointing qualified and uncontroversial judges .
To Jeff Sessions , however , anything vaguely to the left of an Imperial Wizard , a Grand Dragon or an Alabama Kludd is controversial .
( Sessions himself was rejected by the Senate for a judicial position after his KKK sympathies were exposed .
As ranking member of the Judiciary Committee , he 's dragged the GOP into a reign of revenge . )
The Republicans have managed to hold up all of Obama 's nominations for months , although when they are finally forced onto the floor for a vote , they pass either without objection or only with the objections of a handful of the most extreme maniacs .
Monday for example , the Senate took up two nominations that had been backed up for months , Andre M. Davis , of Maryland , to be U.S. Circuit Judge for the Fourth Circuit ( originally nominated by President Clinton and -- had the Republicans not stonewalled the nomination -- he would have been the first - ever African American on the 4th Circuit ) and Charlene Edwards Honeywell , of Florida , to be U.S. District Judge for the Middle District of Florida .
Honeywell , who had originally been appointed to a judgeship by Jeb Bush , was confirmed 88 - 1 .
Davis was another matter .
The Ku Klux Klan Kaucus just would n't go for it and 16 of them , led by Sessions , of course , voted no .
Most of the most unabashed racists in the Senate either skipped the vote or , enjoyed voting against an African - American man for a lifetime position .
Among the ones who followed Sessions down that path are neo-Confederates and secessionists David Diapers Vitter ( R- LA ) , Richard Shelby ( R - AL ) , Jim Inhofe ( R - OK ) , Jim DeMint ( R- SC ) , Tom Coburn ( R - OK ) , Jim Bunning ( R - KY ) and weird sex maniac Ensign ( R - NV ) .
As a gage ofracist these kooks are , even arch - obstructionists Jon Kyl ( R - AZ ) , Miss McConnell ( R- KY ) and Roger Wicker ( R - MS ) voted to confirm Davis !
So that takes us back to Hamilton and Reid 's filing of cloture last Tuesday .
Republicans seem to be opposing him because he does n't back their jihad against Choice and because he wo n't commit to tearing down the wall between Church and State .
They 've totally gone around the bend .
And it looks like they 've taken reactionary Nebraska Senator Ben Nelson with them .
He 's voting " no " and he may join the actual filibuster as well .
Several Republicans have already assured Reid , Bayh and Lugar that they plan to vote for cloture and for Hamilton .
Labels : David Hamilton , judicial nominations , obstructionist Republicans
All the world ’s an art gallery to some folks -- no matter what City Hall says .
Just the other day an 18 - foot - tall dinner fork was set in concrete in a Pasadena traffic median by conspirators wearing fake Caltrans uniforms and hard hats .
Yes , a true fork in the road .
The utensil was a 75th birthday present from artist Ken Marshall to his friend Bob Stane , an area coffeehouse / showroom owner .
Marshall did n’t ask permission to put it there , so Pasadena is pondering whether to allow it to stand for a while or ask Stane to take his gift home .
Given the Southland ’s offbeat reputation , it should come as no surprise that guerrilla art has a long tradition here .
The creators ’ motives , of course , vary .
Do n’t try to lick it
The “ inefficiency ” and high rates of the U.S. Postal Service led La Crescenta artist Mike Wallace to create a giant 1 - cent concrete stamp , complete with a visage of Thomas Jefferson , in 1979 .
He delivered it to the parking lot of the postal service ’s Terminal Annex in downtown L.A .
Wallace confessed to the caper a day later , after police seized the 6 - foot - by - 7 - foot stamp and took it to the property division of Parker Center .
( Luckily , it had no adhesive on the back . )
Wallace , who had originally constructed the postal designation as an art project at Cal State Northridge , marveled at how he and his confederates were able to deposit it so easily .
“ We were wearing hard hats and fluorescent vests so we would look official , ” he said .
“ I even had a clipboard . ”
Wallace offered to take back the 800 - pound stamp if no criminal or towing charges were assessed .
The authorities agreed , apparently relieved to get it off their hands .
Explained one police spokesman : “ It ’s actually federal property . ”
Whereabouts of the giant stamp are unknown .
Perhaps it ’s in someone ’s giant stamp album .
Wild thing
It was n’t exactly moviedom ’s “ Creature from the Black Lagoon . ”
But Department of Water and Power employees were surprised one morning in 1974 to find a strange intruder in a reflecting pool outside the agency ’s building in the downtown L.A. Civic Center .
The Times ’ Patt Morrison described the object as “ a three - pronged , serpentine , green bronze , hollow beanstalk topped by orange and yellow translucent lotuses which alternately lighted up and spouted water . ”
It was n’t alive ; it was battery - operated .
Artist Wade Cornell eventually owned up to being the creator and explained he wanted to “ give the people something they can relate to in the downtown area with no explanation necessary , instead of those formless things people look at and say , ‘ What ’s that ? ’ ”
Still , some people said “ What ’s that ? ” about Cornell ’s work , with employees likening it to a sea monster , a dragon and something out of the movie “ Fantasia . ”
It was titled “ Lotus Sculpture . ”
In any event , the DWP said no thanks .
But the City Council agreed to keep Cornell ’s “ fine work of art ” and added it to “ the city ’s permanent art collection . ”
The last entry regarding the sculpture in the city archives said it was in storage in Van Nuys .
The entry is dated 1975 .
Not tickled pink
In 1966 , artist Lynne Seemayer decided she was tired of seeing graffiti on the rocks above a tunnel on Malibu Canyon Road .
So she spent several months removing the writing , then painted a pink , naked woman in its place .
For a few days , the 60 - foot - tall Pink Lady “ made more headlines in Los Angeles than President Johnson and the Beatles , ” The Times ’ Michael Arkush wrote later .
Seemayer ( now Lynne Westmore ) , who painted the figure while hanging from nylon ropes attached to nearby bushes and pipes , was praised by some , condemned by others .
She reported receiving marriage proposals and invitations to join nudist camps as well as death threats .
One woman phoned her repeatedly , certain that her runaway daughter was the model .
In the meantime , county authorities declared the Pink Lady a traffic hazard and said she would have to go .
As onlookers watched , workers sprayed her with high - powered hoses , then pelted her with paint remover .
Both methods failed to erase the figure , whom The Times ’ Jack Smith described as “ exuberant and free , ” holding “ a sprig of wildflowers ” while “ her long dark tresses flowed backward . ”
Finally , the county dispatched men in harnesses , carrying spray guns and 14 gallons of brown paint .
“ Like insects they stood on her ears , her lips , her shoulders , her bosom , her hips , her knees , inch by inch , masking her flesh , ” Smith wrote .
Half a century later , you can still see a few faded splashes of pink paint above the tunnel .
But the lady with the long tresses is gone , as are her wildflowers .
steveharvey9@gmail.com
by Steve Harris on October 29 , 2008
The Living Planet report calculates that humans are using 30 % more resources than the Earth can replenish each year , which is leading to deforestation , degraded soils , polluted air and water , and dramatic declines in numbers of fish and other species .
As a result , we are running up an ecological debt of $ 4tr ( Â£ 2.5tr ) to $ 4.5 tr every year – double the estimated losses made by the world ’s financial institutions as a result of the credit crisis – say the report ’s authors , led by the conservation group WWF , formerly the World Wildlife Fund .
The problem is also getting worse as populations and consumption keep growing faster than technology finds new ways of expanding what can be produced from the natural world .
This had led the report to predict that by 2030 , if nothing changes , mankind would need two planets to sustain its lifestyle .
The Guardian
Overpopulation and consumption are the problems .
Consumption — the state of allowing idiots to buy whatever they can afford or buy on credit , and then being surprised when they amass personal landfills of dubious goods — is the industrialized / first world problem .
Overpopulation — being so nice to people that we allow those to breed who nature would not allow to survive , then hand them subsidies — is a third world problem , with a third world existing in the slums of the USA and Europe that mirrors the third world in Asia , Africa , Latin America and Iceland ( just kidding about that last part ) .
The solution is simple : the word “ No . ”
Tell people “ no , ” they ca n’t buy whatever they think they want .
Tell others “ no , ” there ’s no welfare — only job insurance .
Tell others “ no , ” we ’re not going to subsidize them for breeding .
What protects idiots against NO ?
Why liberalism — and its ecclesiastical counterpart , symbolist religion — of course .
They have equal rights to you , even if you ’re twice as smart .
They are important , they ’re undiscovered artists and geniuses .
They ’re downtrodden victims of oppression .
How dare you tell them NO ?
Even if you would save the world .
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Intro to Modern Portfolio Theory : understand diversification and the Efficient Frontier , find a portfolio with the maximum Sharpe Ratio ; why index funds are theoretically optimal .
( Start Here ! )
Basic concepts everyone needs to know , from compound interest to the stock market .
Learn the logic of stock valuation with a discounted cash flows calculator ... plus P/E , P/S and PEG ratios , CAPM , DDM ... Buffett 's secret formula ( ? ) ... and a Grahamatron with Artificial Ben-telligence .
Plus : Making Stock Market Predictions
Confused by the economy ?
Try the guide to Economic Indicators ; trace the components of the Gross Domestic Product ; learn the twisty little logic of Government Spending and Tax Cuts ; use an Inflation Calculator .
Plus : compound interest calculator , more ...
Does Dollar Cost Averaging make volatility " work for you " ?
Do Fibonacci Numbers predict stock prices ?
Is the January Effect for real ?
Eggheads & germs , commies & vampires ;
Pols in space ;
How rich would Elvis be ?
The Rule of 72
How to estimate compound interest , and why the estimate works .
Stock market CAGR - lator
Long - term stock market returns .
Inflation Calculator
Investment Return Calculator
Popup Glossary & Calculator
Totally Unrelated Diversions
