Tonight , the House of Representatives passed a spending bill , the Financial Services and General Government Appropriations Act , that included a provision for lifting the ban on Washington , D.C. ’s use of local funds to pay for abortion services for low - income women .
Tonight , the House of Representatives passed a spending bill , the Financial Services and General Government Appropriations Act , that included a provision for lifting the ban on Washington , D.C. ’s use of local funds to pay for abortion services for low - income women .
The House action is in keeping with President Obama ’s budget recommendation to remove the restrictions on use of local funds , and was achieved in part through pressure on Congress to allow the District –the budget and many of the laws of which are subject to Congressional approval–to exercise home rule .
Efforts to lift the ban now move to the Senate .
Pro-choice leaders applauded news of the House action to remove the ban , but urged the Senate to ensure passage in that chamber .
Sex .
Abortion .
Parenthood .
Power .
The latest news , delivered straight to your inbox .
SUBSCRIBE
Marcia D. Greenberger , Co-President of the National Women ’s Law Center ( NWLC ) said in a statement :
“ Today , the House took an important step toward lifting this ban – thereby allowing the District to make its own decisions about the use of it own funds to provide abortion health services for low - income residents .
“ Restrictions on public funding for abortion disproportionately affect women of color , a quarter of whom in DC are living in poverty and are more likely to rely on public funding for basic medical services .
The time needed to save money , if indeed they even can , often results in poor women experiencing delays in obtaining an abortion .
The greater the delay in obtaining an abortion , the less safe the procedure becomes .
Those women who are unable to secure the funds can be denied affordable services altogether .
Nancy Keenan , president of NARAL Pro-Choice America , commended pro-choice champions in the House for their efforts to remove the ban .
Keenan praised the work of Rep. Elearnor Holmes Norton , the representative of the District of Columbia , Rep. Jose Serrano ( D - N.Y. ) , and other pro-choice leaders for standing up to anti-choice attacks against the bill .
“ Congress does n’t tell any other state or local jurisdiction how to use
its local revenue , " said Keenan , ‘ so it ’s past time to end this unfair and
discriminatory policy that usurps the D.C. government ’s decision - making
authority . ”
" The final vote tally included lawmakers who do not support legal abortion but understood the vote was an issue of home rule for D.C. residents , " said a statement by NARAL .
" Similar to the process in the House , " continued NARAL , " last week the Senate Appropriations Committee , under the leadership of Senate Majority Whip Richard Durbin , rejected an anti-choice amendment to reinsert the D.C. ban .
The Senate will take up that bill in the near future . "
The National Women ’s Law Center also called on the Senate to similarly defeat efforts to impose this funding restriction on DC residents . ”
After almost 300 years under Danish rule , the island of Greenland has just taken a big step toward sovereignty .
Greenland passed a referendum last year requesting more powers from Copenhagen , and it was granted , taking effect on June 21st , 2009 .
Denmark still retains control of finances , foreign affairs , and defense , but will phase out an annual subsidy , and give over control of most of the islands natural resources .
Additionally , Greenlandic is now the sole official language , and Greenlanders are now treated as a separate people under international law .
Although the island is massive - with an area of over 2 million square kilometers ( 825,000 sq mi ) , its population is small , with just over 57,000 residents , 88 % of Inuit descent and and 12 % of European descent .
Collected here are some recent photographs from all around Greenland .
( 34 photos total
Joining is quick and easy and FREE !
Become a member and enjoy the enhanced features only available to registered members .
Rate & track books with BookTrackr ™
Customize WWEnd to reflect your reading history
Submit your own reviews
Create your own favorites lists
Add your website to our Member Sites page
Participate in forum discussions
Nobel - prize - winning economist Joseph E. Stiglitz contrasts the American response to its economic crisis with the measures it shoved down the throats of poor countries during their crises , and discusses why rich - world double - standards ( " Buy American / European " provisions in bailouts that only discriminate against poor countries ) contribute to a global disillusionment in the values that the rich world nominally espouses : democracy , transparency , and so on .
Among critics of American - style capitalism in the Third World , the way that America has responded to the current economic crisis has been the last straw .
During the East Asia crisis , just a decade ago , America and the I.M.F. demanded that the affected countries cut their deficits by cutting back expenditures–even if , as in Thailand , this contributed to a resurgence of the aids epidemic , or even if , as in Indonesia , this meant curtailing food subsidies for the starving .
America and the I.M.F. forced countries to raise interest rates , in some cases to more than 50 percent .
They lectured Indonesia about being tough on its banks–and demanded that the government not bail them out .
What a terrible precedent this would set , they said , and what a terrible intervention in the Swiss - clock mechanisms of the free market .
The contrast between the handling of the East Asia crisis and the American crisis is stark and has not gone unnoticed .
To pull America out of the hole , we are now witnessing massive increases in spending and massive deficits , even as interest rates have been brought down to zero .
Banks are being bailed out right and left .
Some of the same officials in Washington who dealt with the East Asia crisis are now managing the response to the American crisis .
Why , people in the Third World ask , is the United States administering different medicine to itself ?
Many in the developing world still smart from the hectoring they received for so many years : they should adopt American institutions , follow our policies , engage in deregulation , open up their markets to American banks so they could learn " good " banking practices , and ( not coincidentally ) sell their firms and banks to Americans , especially at fire - sale prices during crises .
Yes , Washington said , it will be painful , but in the end you will be better for it .
America sent its
Treasury secretaries ( from both parties ) around the planet to spread the word .
In the eyes of many throughout the developing world , the revolving door , which allows American financial leaders to move seamlessly from Wall Street to Washington and back to Wall Street , gave them even more credibility ; these men seemed to combine the power of money and the power of politics .
American financial leaders were correct in believing that what was good for America or the world was good for financial markets , but they were incorrect in thinking the converse , that what was good for Wall Street was good for America and the world .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement US President Barack Obama and Russian President Dmitry Medvedev have reached an outline agreement to cut back their nations ' stockpiles of nuclear weapons .
The " joint understanding " signed in Moscow would see reductions of deployed nuclear warheads to below 1,700 each within seven years of a new treaty .
The accord would replace the 1991 Start I treaty , which expires in December .
Mr Obama said the two countries were both " committed to leaving behind the suspicion and the rivalry of the past " .
Separately , Russia also agreed to allow the US military to fly troops and weapons across its territory to Afghanistan , allowing it to avoid using supply routes through Pakistan that are attacked by militants .
Have Your Say
It is in the interests of both Russia and America to be on the side of democracy and freedom as extremism spreads its darkness in certain places .
Mitchell , UK
The two countries also will set up a joint commission to co-operate over energy , and fighting terrorism and drug - trafficking .
Military co-operation , suspended since last year 's conflict between Russia and Georgia , will be resumed .
However , on the contentious issue of US plans to base parts of a missile defence shield in Eastern Europe , the presidents merely said they had agreed to a joint study into ballistic missile threats and the creation of a data exchange centre .
' Reversing the drift '
After three hours of talks at the Kremlin on Monday , Mr Obama and Mr Medvedev publicly signed a joint understanding to negotiate a new arms control treaty that would set lower levels of both nuclear warheads and delivery systems , including intercontinental ballistic missiles , submarine - launched missiles and bombers .
US - RUSSIA NUCLEAR DEAL
Each country to cut deployed nuclear warheads to 1,500 - 1,675 ( currently 1,700 - 2,200 )
Delivery systems to be within 500 - 1,000 range ( currently 1,600 ) Reductions so be achieved within seven years of new treaty Treaty to be signed before Start I expires in December and include " effective " verification measures
See graph of US and Russian nuclear weapon stockpiles " Within seven years after this treaty comes into force , and in future , the limits for strategic delivery systems should be within the range of 500 - 1,100 units and for warheads linked to them within the range of 1,500 - 1,675 units , " the document said .
Under the 2002 Treaty of Moscow , each country is allowed between 1,700 and 2,200 deployed nuclear warheads and 1,600 delivery systems - meaning each side might only be required to decommission a further 25 warheads .
Correspondents also point out that the proposed cuts would still leave the US and Russia able to destroy each other many times over .
A White House statement said the new treaty would " include effective verification measures " and " enhance the security of both the US and Russia , as well as provide predictability and stability in strategic offensive forces " .
BBC diplomatic correspondent Jonathan Marcus , in Moscow
By setting low expectations for this summit , the US and Russian leaders have been able to appear to achieve more than had been hoped .
The flurry of documents that has come out of this first day of discussions has been significant .
President Obama sounded confident that a new strategic arms reduction treaty would be in place by the time the existing Start I agreement expires in December .
There is a new framework for military - to - military co-operation .
There is an extensive document on joint action related to Afghanistan , not least a transit agreement allowing lethal US military equipment and supplies to transit Russia on its way to the front line .
The contentious issue of missile defence - where both leaders accepted there were still significant differences - was effectively " kicked into the long grass .
Flurry of deals at summit Afterwards , Mr Medvedev said the talks had been " very frank and very sincere " , but that they had been , " without any doubt , the meeting we had been waiting for in Russia and the United States " .
" I would like particularly to stress that our country would like to reach a level of co-operation with the United States that would really be worthy of the 21st Century , and which would ensure international peace and security , " he said .
The Russian leader called Monday 's agreement a " reasonable compromise " , but cautioned that there remained " differences on many issues " , most notably on the proposed US missile defence shield .
Mr Obama said he and Mr Medvedev were countering a " sense of drift " and were now resolved " to reset US - Russian relations so that we can co-operate more effectively in areas of common interest " .
" We 've taken important steps forward to increase nuclear security and to stop the spread of nuclear weapons , " he said .
" This starts with the reduction of our own nuclear arsenal as the world 's two leading nuclear powers the United States and Russia must lead by example , and that 's what we 're doing here today , " he added .
The US president said he was confident a legally binding disarmament treaty would be signed by the end of the year , when Start I expires .
On Tuesday , Mr Obama will meet Prime Minister Vladimir Putin .
Russians spell out their hopes for Obama visit
In pictures
He said last week that he thought the former Russian president had " one foot in the old ways of doing business and one foot in the new " .
" I think that it 's important that even as we move forward with President Medvedev , that Putin understands that the old Cold War approaches to US - Russian relations is outdated , that it 's time to move forward in a different direction , " he told the Associated Press .
Mr Putin responded : " We stand solidly on our own two feet and always look into the future . "
This summit is aimed at repairing strained US - Russian relations .
Under the Bush Administration , ties between Washington and Moscow were considered almost as bad as during the Cold War .
The BBC 's diplomatic correspondent Jonathan Marcus , in the Russian capital , says that while the two countries have not put aside all the suspicions of recent years , they are creating mechanisms to enable a much more positive relationship in the future .
Click to return
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
This movie follows the life of a young German woman , married to a soldier in the waning days of WWII .
Fassbinder has tried to show the gritty life after the end of WWII and the turmoil of the people trapped in its wake .
Written by Neel V Kumar < neelvk@iname.com >
This episode is probably the last filler before the vampires collide with Maryann .
Now filler is n't always a bad thing , especially not with True Blood .
Even if nothing really happens , we can still expect some great scenes which we got .
The bomb detonates in Godric 's nest killing some vampires and humans .
Eric shields
Sookie from the blast , but is hurt .
Somehow , the manages to get Sookie to suck the silver out of his wounds in the process drinking some of his blood , forming a bond between them .
What is it about Sookie that makes everyone so interested in her ?
She 's an idiot .
She can't think with any logic and never does anything useful .
I 'll let the Bill and Eric ponder why they like her so much , but in the meantime , seeing Sookie being stupid is just fun to watch .
There was a lot of dialogue in the episode including a conversation between Sookie and Jason and the whole time , I was thinking who was more stupid .
They also watch a hilarious debate between the Newlins and a vampire in which the Newlins breakdown and fight each other .
Back in Bon Temps , Hoyt brings Jessica to meet his mother .
His mother of course is hateful towards everything and hates Jessica .
Hoyt finally stops being a loser and tells her he is n't coming home .
Maryann is acting weird again and Tara is totally fine with it .
I used to like Tara , but now I absolutely hate her .
She still has free will most of the time and even if she does n't know Maryann is causing the blackouts , Maryann 's behavior the rest of the time is still reprehensible .
Maryann goes to the jail probably to kill Sam , but he turns in a fly and shows up at Andy Belflour 's house .
Lafayette was totally awesome this week , first confronting Tara and Eggs at Sam 's bar and then going to Sookie house with Tara 's mother and actually kidnapping Tara while she was under Maryann 's influence .
He also got into a little scrap with Eggs , but I was disappointed we did n't we Lafayette destroy Eggs .
Due to drinking Eric 's blood , Sookie has a sexual fantasy with Eric with Lorena egging her on .
Later , there is a meeting with with the PR vampire and Godric has to sign some papers saying he was responsible .
I guess he was responsible since he admitted he turned himself over to the humans .
There is a final scene in the end which was beautifully done .
Godric is out on the rooftop waiting for sunrise so he could die .
Eric is begging him not to while Sookie is watching .
Eric may have seemed indifferent , but now she sees another side of him .
Sookie then waits with Godric who explains how he does n't care anymore .
As the sun comes up , he starts smoldering , and then bursts in blue flames in a much cooler fashion than Bill did .
I liked the vampire arc with Godric .
He was never designed to be a long term character and brought a whole new vampire angle to the show .
Before there was Bill and then the rest of the bloodthirsty vampires .
We got to see now vampires , more personalities , and a human side to even Eric .
The Maryann story is coming to a close soon , but I think it was the one thing that has been dragging down the entire season .
In the beginning , it was creepy and weird , but after a while became became repetitive with no resolution .
I liked the inclusion of Lafayette to the Maryann story and I hope he , Sam , and Andy do something about it next week .
Score : 9.3/10
One of the most comprehensive data sets available about Americans — how tall they are , when they last visited a dentist , what sort of cereal they eat for breakfast , whether they have to pee during the night , and , if so , how often — comes from a series of studies conducted by the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
Participants are chosen at random , interviewed at length , and subjected to a battery of tests in special trailers that the C.D.C. hauls around the country .
The studies , known as the National Health and Nutrition Examination Surveys , began during the Eisenhower Administration and have been carried out periodically ever since .
Human appetite is elastic : give us more and we ’ll eat more .
Illustration by Zeloot
In the early nineteen - nineties , a researcher at the C.D.C. named Katherine Flegal was reviewing the results of the survey then under way when she came across figures that seemed incredible .
According to the first National Health study , which was done in the early nineteen - sixties , 24.3 per cent of American adults were overweight — roughly defined as having a body - mass index greater than twenty - seven .
( The metrics are slightly different for men and women ; by the study ’s definition , a woman who is five feet tall would count as overweight if she was more than a hundred and forty pounds , and a man who is six feet tall if he weighed more than two hundred and four pounds . )
By the time of the second survey , conducted in the early nineteen - seventies , the proportion of overweight adults had increased by three - quarters of a per cent , to twenty - five per cent , and , by the third survey , in the late seventies , it had edged up to 25.4 per cent .
The results that Flegal found so surprising came from the fourth survey .
During the nineteen - eighties , the American gut , instead of expanding very gradually , had ballooned : 33.3 per cent of adults now qualified as overweight .
Flegal began asking around at professional meetings .
Had other researchers noticed a change in Americans ’ waistlines ?
They had not .
This left her feeling even more perplexed .
She knew that errors could have sneaked into the data in a variety of ways , so she and her colleagues checked and rechecked the figures .
There was no problem that they could identify .
Finally , in 1994 , they published their findings in the Journal of the American Medical Association .
In just ten years , they showed , Americans had collectively gained more than a billion pounds .
“ If this was about tuberculosis , it would be called an epidemic , ” another researcher wrote in an editorial accompanying the report .
During the next decade , Americans kept right on gaining .
Men are now on average seventeen pounds heavier than they were in the late seventies , and for women that figure is even higher : nineteen pounds .
The proportion of overweight children , age six to eleven , has more than doubled , while the proportion of overweight adolescents , age twelve to nineteen , has more than tripled .
( According to the standards of the United States military , forty per cent of young women and twenty - five per cent of young men weigh too much to enlist . )
As the average person became heavier , the very heavy became heavier still ; more than twelve million Americans now have a body - mass index greater than forty , which , for someone who is five feet nine , entails weighing more than two hundred and seventy pounds .
Hospitals have had to buy special wheelchairs and operating tables to accommodate the obese , and revolving doors have had to be widened — the typical door went from about ten feet to about twelve feet across .
An Indiana company called Goliath Casket has begun offering triple - wide coffins with reinforced hinges that can hold up to eleven hundred pounds .
It has been estimated that Americans ’ extra bulk costs the airlines a quarter of a billion dollars ’ worth of jet fuel annually .
Such a broad social development seems to require an explanation on the same scale .
Something big must have changed in America to cause so many people to gain so much weight so quickly .
But what , exactly , is unclear — a mystery batter - dipped in an enigma .
Though weight - loss books will doubtless always be more popular , what might be called weight - gain books , which attempt to account for our corpulence , are an expanding genre .
In “ The Evolution of Obesity ” ( Johns Hopkins ; $ 40 ) , Michael L. Power and Jay Schulkin take a frankly Darwinian approach .
They argue that we are fat for the same reason that we are capable of studying our backsides in the mirror .
“ In many ways we can blame the obesity epidemic on our brains , ” they write .
Brains are calorically demanding organs .
Our distant ancestors had small ones .
Australopithecus afarensis , for example , who lived some three million years ago , had a cranial capacity of about four hundred cubic centimetres , which is roughly the same as a chimpanzee’s .
Modern humans have a cranial capacity of about thirteen hundred cubic centimetres .
How , as their brains got bigger , did our forebears keep them running ?
According to what ’s known as the Expensive Tissue Hypothesis , early humans compensated for the energy used in their heads by cutting back on the energy used in their guts ; as man ’s cranium grew , his digestive tract shrank .
This forced him to obtain more energy - dense foods than his fellow - primates were subsisting on , which put a premium on adding further brain power .
The result of this self - reinforcing process was a strong taste for foods that are high in calories and easy to digest ; just as it is natural for gorillas to love leaves , it is natural for people to love funnel cakes .
Although no one really knows what life was like in the Pleistocene , it seems reasonable to assume that early humans lived , as it were , hand to mouth .
In good times , they needed to stockpile food for use in hard times , but the only place they had to store it was on themselves .
Body fat is energy - rich and at the same time lightweight : when the water is taken out , a gram of fat contains 9.4 kilocalories , compared with 4.3 kilocalories for a gram of protein , and when the water is left in , as it is on the human belly , a gram of fat still contains 9.1 kilocalories , while a gram of protein has just 1.2 .
As a consequence , a person with a genetic knack for storing fat would have had a competitive advantage .
Power and Schulkin are both researchers at the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists , and they argue that this advantage would have been especially strong for women .
Human infants are unusually portly ; among mammals , only hooded seals have a higher percentage of body fat at birth .
( Presumably , babies need the extra reserves to fuel their oversized brains . )
Tellingly , humans , unlike most other animals , have no set season of fertility .
Instead , ovulation is tied to a woman ’s fat stores : those who are very thin simply fail to menstruate .
Of course , for early humans putting on too many pounds would have been a significant disadvantage ; it ’s hard to chase down a mastodon or track through a forest if you ’re tubby .
Thus , there would appear to be a Darwinian argument against obesity as well .
Power and Schulkin get around this problem by noting that , as a practical matter , opportunities for eating too much were limited .
Austerity was the rule for hunter - gatherer societies , and that did n’t change when people started to form farming communities , some ten thousand years ago .
In fact , human remains from many parts of the world show that early agriculturalists were less well fed than their Paleolithic forebears ; their skeletons are several inches shorter and often show signs of nutrition - related diseases , like anemia .
Genes that controlled weight gain would n’t have been selected for because they simply were n’t needed .
In America today , by contrast , obtaining calories is very nearly effortless ; as Power and Schulkin observe , with a few dollars it ’s possible to go to the grocery store and purchase enough sugar or vegetable oil to fulfill the average person ’s energy requirements for a week .
The result is what ’s known as the “ mismatch paradigm . ”
The human body is “ mismatched ” to the human situation .
“ We evolved on the savannahs of Africa , ” Power and Schulkin write .
“ We now live in Candyland . ”
The evolutionary account of obesity is a powerful one — indeed , almost too powerful .
If , as Power and Schulkin contend , humans are genetically programmed to put on weight whenever they encounter plenty , it would seem that by this point virtually everyone in America should be fat .
Meanwhile , several million years of hominid evolution can’t explain why it is just in the past few decades that waistlines have expanded .
Eric Finkelstein is a health economist at a research institute in North Carolina .
In “ The Fattening of America ” ( Wiley ; $ 26.95 ) , written with Laurie Zuckerman , he argues that Americans started to put on pounds in the eighties because it made financial sense for them to do so .
Relative to other goods and services , food has got cheaper in the past few decades , and fattening foods , in particular , have become a bargain .
Between 1983 and 2005 , the real cost of fats and oils declined by sixteen per cent .
During the same period , the real cost of soft drinks dropped by more than twenty per cent .
“ For most people , an ice cold Coca - Cola used to be a treat reserved for special occasions , ” Finkelstein observes .
Today , soft drinks account for about seven per cent of all the calories ingested in the United States , making them “ the number one food consumed in the American diet . ”
If , instead of sweetened beverages , the average American drank water , Finkelstein calculates , he or she would weigh fifteen pounds less .
The correlation between cost and consumption is pretty compelling ; as Finkelstein notes , there ’s no more basic tenet of economics than that price matters .
But , like evolution , economics alone does n’t seem adequate to the obesity problem .
If it ’s cheap to consume too many calories ’ worth of ice cream or Coca - Cola , it ’s even cheaper to consume fewer .
In “ The End of Overeating ” ( Rodale ; $ 25.95 ) , David A. Kessler , a former commissioner of the Food and Drug Administration , takes a somewhat darker view of the situation .
It ’s not that sweet and oily foods have become less expensive ; it ’s that they ’ve been reëngineered while we were n’t looking .
Kessler spends a lot of time meeting with ( often anonymous ) consultants who describe how they are trying to fashion products that offer what ’s become known in the food industry as “ eatertainment . ”
Fat , sugar , and salt turn out to be the crucial elements in this quest : different “ eatertaining ” items mix these ingredients in different but invariably highly caloric combinations .
A food scientist for Frito - Lay relates how the company is seeking to create “ a lot of fun in your mouth ” with products like Nacho Cheese Doritos , which meld “ three different cheese notes ” with lots of salt and oil .
Another product - development expert talks about how she is trying to “ unlock the code of craveability , ” and a third about the effort to “ cram as much hedonics as you can in one dish . ”
Kessler invents his own term — “ conditioned hypereating ” — to describe how people respond to these laboratory - designed concoctions .
Foods like Cinnabons and Starbucks ’ Strawberries & Crème Frappuccinos are , he maintains , like drugs : “ Conditioned hypereating works the same way as other ‘ stimulus response ’ disorders in which reward is involved , such as compulsive gambling and substance abuse . ”
For Kessler , the analogy is not merely rhetorical : research on rats , he maintains , proves that the animals ’ brains react to sweet , fatty foods the same way that addicts ’ respond to cocaine .
A reformed overeater himself — “ I have owned suits in every size , ” he writes — Kessler advises his readers to eschew dieting in favor of a program that he calls Food Rehab .
The principles of Food Rehab owe a lot to those of drug rehab , except that it is not , as Kessler acknowledges , advisable to swear off eating altogether .
“ The substitute for rewarding food is often other rewarding food , ” he writes , though what could compensate for the loss of Nacho Cheese Doritos he never really explains .
In the early nineteen - sixties , a man named David Wallerstein was running a chain of movie theatres in the Midwest and wondering how to boost popcorn sales .
Wallerstein had already tried matinée pricing and two - for - one specials , but to no avail .
According to Greg Critser , the author of “ Fat Land ” ( 2003 ) , one night the answer came to him : jumbo - sized boxes .
Once Wallerstein introduced the bigger boxes , popcorn sales at his theatres soared , and so did those of another high - margin item , soda .
A decade later , Wallerstein had retired from the movie business and was serving on McDonald ’s board of directors when the chain confronted a similar problem .
Customers were purchasing a burger and perhaps a soft drink or a bag of fries , and then leaving .
How could they be persuaded to buy more ?
Wallerstein ’s suggestion — a bigger bag of fries — was greeted skeptically by the company ’s founder , Ray Kroc .
Kroc pointed out that if people wanted more fries they could always order a second bag .
“ But Ray , ” Wallerstein is reputed to have said , “ they do n’t want to eat two bags — they do n’t want to look like a glutton . ”
Eventually , Kroc let himself be convinced ; the rest , as they say , is supersizing .
The elasticity of the human appetite is the subject of Brian Wansink ’s “ Mindless Eating ” ( 2006 ) .
Wansink is the director of Cornell University ’s Food and Brand Lab , and he has performed all sorts of experiments to test how much people will eat under varying circumstances .
These have convinced him that people are — to put it politely — rather dim .
They have no idea how much they want to eat or , once they have eaten , how much they ’ve consumed .
Instead , they rely on external cues , like portion size , to tell them when to stop .
The result is that as French - fry bags get bigger , so , too , do French - fry eaters .
Articles
By Debra Sweet
What : Highly Visual , Dramatic Protest Demonstrations / Photo Ops
When : May 26-27-28
Where : 15 cities : New York City ; Los Angeles ; Chicago ; San Francisco ; Boston ; Seattle ; Atlanta ; Houston ; Cleveland ; Philadelphia ; Honolulu ; Fresno ; Greensboro , NC ; Portland , OR ; Benton Harbor , MI
( New York City , NY )
In the face of the Obama administration 's refusal to release a reported 2,000 additional photographs of detainee abuse , in spite of being ordered by a federal court to do so , torture opponents will hold visible protests to demand that the government make the photos public .
In 15 cities , they will also call for prosecution of those who ordered , legally justified and carried out torture in US detention and secret prisons during the Bush years .
These protests , called by the national World Ca n't Wait organization and others , will respond to the growing body of evidence of the construction of a torture apparatus and policies led from the top of the Bush administration as part of the global " war on terror " after 9 - 11 .
Torture opponents are also critical of Barack Obama 's plan for preventive " prolonged " detention of people who the US government thinks may commit crimes as announced in his May 21 speech on national security .
" The Bush regime floated the idea of preventive detention , but never tried it .
This has never been done by the US in its history .
What does it mean that Obama stated flatly that habeas corpus - the right to know charges against you and be able to defend yourself - will be indefinitely denied to a class of people ? " said Debra Sweet , Director of World Can't Wait .
Sweet called on " people who care about humanity to takea stand against US torture , indefinite and preventive detention . "
Highlights of the planned protests :
Los Angeles Outside President Obama 's appearance at the Beverly Hilton , 3:30 pm Wednesday May 27 , Los Angeles , displaying enlarged photos believed to be among the 2000 not yet released , and demanding prosecution of Bush war crimes .
New York City Inside Grand Central Station , 5:00 pm Thursday May 28 , a dramatic tableau will protest the US torture regime , followed by a march to the Union League Club where John Negroponte , former Director of National Intelligence presents an award to General David Petraeus , CENT COMM Commander , responsible for US military occupations of Iraq and Afghanistan .
Michigan
One of the first protests of George W. Bush in the United States since he left office , 5:00 pm at Lake Michigan College , Benton Harbor , MI .
Above , we see the natural gas crater ( barely ) as a glowing red spot in an otherwise unremarkable landscape .
Given the low quality of the satellite imagery in this area , it is surprising that anyone knows that the “ Door to Hell ” even exists .
This begs the rather existential question : if a crater is burning in the middle of nowhere , does anyone see it ?
As a matter of fact , a group of Russian geologists experienced it first hand in 19711 when the ground beneath their drilling equipment collapsed creating the abyss .
Dispatched to the Karakum desert by the Soviet Union , they were searching for natural gas and found so much of the stuff that harvesting it became unsafe .
With noxious gases threatening to harm nearby villages , the geologists set the seeping crater ablaze , unwittingly lighting the largest barbecue known to man .
The “ Door to Hell ” crater has been on fire ever since and shows no sign of stopping .
Visible from a great distance , the glow from this eternal flame can even be seen in Google Earth ’s City Lights layer .
Wow , that ’s bright !
Visitors to Turkmenistan can venture out to see hell first hand , but there are n’t any organised tours so you have to hire your own driver2 .
Now who ’s up for toasting the World ’s Largest S’more ?
Some really awesome photos of both craters can be found on this photography site and an impressive video of the “ Door to Hell ” is available on YouTube .
Thanks to Cris Diaz and Marc Buma
This was supposed to be the trip that would show exactly how Hillary Rodham Clinton would make good on her pledge , at her confirmation hearing for secretary of state , to make women ’s issues “ central ” to U.S. foreign policy , not “ adjunct or auxiliary or in any way lesser . ”
There could have been no more dramatic setting :
Overruling the security fears of her aides , she traveled to eastern Congo , where hundreds of thousands of women have been raped over the past decade .
She visited a refugee camp and met with one woman who was gang - raped while eight months pregnant ; she heard of another who ’d been sexually assaulted with a rifle .
She was told of babies cut from their mothers ’ bodies with razors .
She spoke of “ evil in its basest form . ”
She promised $ 17 million to fight sexual violence .
And back home , all anyone could talk about was Bill .
Had he upstaged her with his trip to North Korea ?
Had he dogged her , in absentia , all the way to Kinshasa , where a university student , wondering about “ Mr. Clinton ’s ” views , set her off , and set the world cluck - clucking , once again , about her marriage , her temperament , even her hair ?
As she circles the globe in coming years , making the case for women ’s empowerment , starting with their basic right to be taken seriously , Clinton really has her work cut out for her .
And it is n’t just because the situation of women around the world is so dire , and the ocean of problems confronting them — maternal mortality , sex trafficking , domestic abuse , malnourishment , lack of education , lack of adequate medical care , just for starters — is so wide and so deep .
And it is n’t just that her historic mandate — to equally empower the other half of the world ’s population , to chip away at the forces “ devaluing women , ” in the words of Melanne Verveer , the State Department ’s new ambassador at large for global women ’s issues — is so huge and vague and seemingly overwhelming .
It ’s also because the tide of trivialization that washes over all things “ Hillary ” is just so powerful .
That tide threatens to drown out anything of substance Clinton might attempt for a population whose problems have long been obscured in the androcentric world of diplomacy .
And that ’s a huge pity .
This could be a moment for America to redeem itself as far as the world ’s women are concerned .
Our recent track record , after all , is pretty dim .
The Bush administration sent anti-feminists to Iraq to train that country ’s women in participatory democracy .
We pulled our financing from the United Nations Population Fund and imposed a global gag rule barring women ’s health organizations that merely talked about abortion from receiving U.S. funds .
We never ratified the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination Against Women , a pretty base - level human rights treaty , because of worries by black helicopter types that American sovereignty would be compromised .
Our lack of paid maternity leave made us something of a world joke .
But now things just might change , and not just within the state department .
In the Senate , Barbara Boxer is leading a subcommittee charged with global women ’s issues ; a bill to combat child marriage is moving through Congress .
And yet , a peculiarly gendered form of trivializing scorn still tags our secretary of state .
Just two weeks ago , The Washington Post had to remove from its
Web site an ostensibly humorous video sketch by two of its prominent political journalists that juxtaposed a picture of Clinton ’s face with a bottle of derogatorily named beer .
This sort of thing bodes badly for the country ’s ability to treat her — and the issues she most passionately champions — with appropriate respect .
“ We have our own work to do at home , ” Verveer told me .
“ We trivialize the importance too often of these issues : the ‘ women ’s issue ’ — you put it in quotes , that little category over there , the box you check .
What we have to do is realize these are the issues ; if we want societies to prosper and if we want our own security , we have to raise the status of women . ”
Women ’s issues are being framed by this administration in terms of realpolitik : U.S. security depends on women ’s empowerment .
Global economic growth depends on women ’s participation .
Women ’s empowerment wo n’t be delivered at the end of a gun or through economic sanctions or even overt criticism , if it cuts into accepted cultural practices .
This is messy stuff ; some of our most sensitive allies have horrific records on women ’s rights .
Programs that show success tend to be slow - moving and incremental .
Can all this complexity attract — much less sustain — the attention of the public ?
Maybe — if we stop viewing everything Clinton does as entertainment .
Ab wann braucht mein Kind ein Feigenblatt ?
Thomas Pany
Haben wir unsere Unschuld verloren ?
Der Junge läuft nur mit einem T - Shirt bekleidet zum Kletterturm , die Mutter ruft ihn zurück - " Erst musst du deine Hose anziehen " - der 5 J ährige gehorcht und ich freue mich , weil ich es " angenehmer " finde , wenn er eine Hose anhat , schöner .
Das ist nur ein Gefühl , bloße Geschmackssache , keine argumentativ unterfütterte Begründung :
In der Öffentlichkeit ist es mir lieber , wenn Kinder ab vier nicht nackt herumlaufen - außer am Strand .
Da ist es mir vollkommen egal .
Am Meer schämt man sich nicht , sagte schon Thomas Bernhard in den Monologen auf Mallorca .
Meine Frau findet mich etwas spießig .
Sie findet , dass Kinder bis zehn oder elf draussen nackt herumlaufen dürfen , sofern sie das überhaupt wollen .
Der Junge sollte sich die Badehose nur anziehen , weil sie weiß , dass das Freibad eine Hausordnung hat , die Kindern Bekleidung vorschreibt , sobald sie in die Nähe des Wassers gehen .
Tatsächlich sieht man dort nicht einmal nackte Babys - was mich vor unangenehmen Assoziationen schützt , die damit zu tun haben , dass Kinder dem gerne freien Lauf lassen , was wir Erwachsene auf das stille Örtchen verbannen .
Ja , das sei auch ein Grund , warum viele Erwachsene , die keine Kinder haben , ungern nackte Kinder im Hof herumlaufen sehen würden , bestätigt eine Münchener Mutter .
Nackt in der Öffentlichkeit eines städtischen Hinterhofes gehe gar nicht , egal welches Alter die Kinder hätten .
Ab drei oder vier Jahren würden die Kinder ein Schamgefühl entwickeln und das auch gar nicht wollen .
In den späten 1970er und 1980er Jahren war man der Nacktheit von Kindern gegenüber unschuldiger , sagen viele .
Dass Kinder nackt herumlaufen dürfen , war selbstverständlich und ohne doppelten Boden .
Heute ist das völlig anders , verantwortlich dafür ist die Obszönisierung unseres Blicks auf Kinder .
Großen Anteil daran haben Fotos und deren Verwendung im Internet : Maßstäbe , die aus dem Virtuellen kommen , verändern den Blick auf die Realität , entsprechend lauert hinter jedem nackten Kind das Bild , welches sich ein Päderast davon machen könnte , ein marginales Phänomen wird zum massiven Problem .
Deutlich wird das an der Aussage einer Mutter , die " kein Problem " mit nackten Kindern hatte , bis sie Fotos für die Webseite der Krippe ins Netz stellen wollte und von Kollegen auf heikle Aspekte aufmerksam gemacht wurde .
Stellt sich die Frage , ob nicht auch der mahnende
Finger schon dazu beiträgt , dass der Blick obszöner wird .
Für sie sei die Sache so etwas gewesen wie der Biss in den Apfel der Erkenntnis .
Seither ist die Unschuld verschwunden .
In manchen Kindergärten gibt es eine eindeutige Regelung .
Selbst wenn es sehr heiß ist und die Kleinen , zu ihrem großen Vergnügen , mit einem Wasserschlauch abgekühlt werden , Kleidung ist Pflicht - um Spannern keine Gelegenheiten zu verschaffen , so die offizielle Begründung .
In den USA ist man , wie so oft bei anzüglichen Themen , bereits in anderen Dimensionen .
Vergangene Woche wurde in der Rubrik Home & Garden der New York Times die Frage erörtert , ab welchem Alter Kinder sich zuhause (! ) nicht mehr ohne Kleidung sehen lassen sollten .
Auch hier zeigte sich - neben allerhand geschockter Mütter , die ihre 6 jährigen Tochter bei deren Freundin abholen und sehen müssen , dass der 5 jährige Bruder des kleinen Mädchens nackt im Haus herumläuft - das Phänomen des gefürchteten Päderasten - Blicks .
Weil " weird people " sogar in die Wohnung hereinschauen könnten .
Das versuchen sie doch schon längst , oder ?
( siehe die Bundestrojaner - und Netzsperren - Initiativen ... )
Allerdings können es auch die Eltern sein , die vom Staat ganz ohne Absicht oder Neigung zu " weird people " gemacht werden .
So erging es etwa einer in den USA lebenden Peruanerin , die Fotos vom Stillen ihres Kindes zum Entwickeln brachte und daraufhin eingesperrt und der Verbreitung kinderpornografischen Materials beschuldigt wurde .
“ Government must operate through public laws and regulations ” and not through “ secret law , ” a federal appellate court declared in a decision last month .
When our government attempts to do otherwise , the court said , it is emulating “ totalitarian regimes . ”
The new ruling ( pdf ) overturned the conviction of a defendant who had been found guilty of exporting rifle scopes in violation of the International Traffic in Arms Regulations ( ITAR ) .
The court said that the government had failed to properly identify which items are subject to export control regulations , or to justify the criteria for controlling them .
It said the defendant could not be held responsible for violating such vague regulations .
Accepting the State Department ’s claim of “ authority to classify any item as a ‘ defense article ’ [ thereby making it subject to export controls ] , without revealing the basis of the decision and without allowing any inquiry by the jury , would create serious constitutional problems , ” wrote Chief Judge Frank H. Easterbrook of the Seventh Circuit Court of Appeals .
“ It would allow the sort of secret law that [ the Supreme Court in ] Panama Refining Co. v. Ryan , 293 U.S. 388 ( 1935 ) , condemned . ”
Normally , “ A regulation is published for all to see , ” explained Judge Easterbrook , a Reagan appointee who is considered a judicial conservative .
“ People can adjust their conduct to avoid liability .
[ In contrast , ] a designation by an unnamed official , using unspecified criteria , that is put in a desk drawer , taken out only for use at a criminal trial , and immune from any evaluation by the judiciary , is the sort of tactic usually associated with totalitarian regimes , ” he said .
See the Court ’s ruling in United States of America v. Doli Syarief Pulungan , June 15 , 2009 .
The new ruling “ could be a very big deal in terms of export controls , and indeed in terms of ‘ secret law ’ in general , ” said Gerald Epstein , a science and security policy scholar who served on a recent National Academy of Sciences panel on export control policy .
“ This case goes to the heart of the ambiguity of the International Traffic in Arms Regulations , which give the State Department great latitude in determining what is and what is not covered , and which are administered in a notoriously opaque way , ” Dr. Epstein told Secrecy News .
Export control policy was addressed from various perspectives in an April 24 , 2008 Senate hearing entitled “ Beyond Control : Reforming Export Licensing Agencies for National Security and Economic Interests ” ( pdf ) that was published last month .
Last year , Sen . Russ Feingold convened a hearing on the subject of “ Secret Law and the Threat to Democratic and Accountable Government . ”
My prepared statement from that hearing on the diverse categories of secret law is available here ( pdf ) .
The Wikipedia Usability Initiative just rolled out some design changes to the popular free encyclopedia Wikipedia that you can opt in to see with a user account .
Changes to the navigation system make getting around the site more intuitive , and give the horizontal set of tabs at the top a slicker gradient look and feel .
The search box has been relocated to the upper right instead of in the lefthand sidebar , bringing the site more in line with user expectation about where to find the search function .
On the editing side , the toolbar for the rich text editor gains improved icons that make it clearer what action each button performs .
The buttons have been broken into expandable sections as well , giving you a way to cut down on the visual clutter when editing .
One of the expandable dropdown sections is a Help section that shows at a glance what the wiki syntax is for common formats .
To check out the beta redesign for yourself , you 'll have to either have an account or create one .
You 'll see a " try Beta " link in the upper right - hand corner which will allow you to opt in to see the design changes .
If you 'd like to revert back to the classic look , just click the " Leave beta " link that will be at the upper right after you 've toggled the beta version on .
Overall the design changes look like a positive direction for Wikipedia in terms of usability .
Both the reading and editing modifications make the site appear a bit more modern and friendly and less utilitarian .
Below are some screenshots of the read and edit interfaces before and after the changes .
Before
Read interface :
Edit interface :
After
Read interface :
Edit interface :
The FED has changed enormously in the past nine months .
Between last September and now , Reserve Bank credit has gone up 135 percent .
Will the FED change back to what it used to be ?
Does it have a workable exit strategy ?
Very , very doubtful .
The FED used to manage monetary policy , and that was about all .
Today it ’s engaged in fiscal actions that have to do with the government ’s debts .
The two main ones are that it is buying $ 300 billion of U.S. Treasuries and it is buying $ 1.25 trillion of mortgage - backed and agency debts .
The FED traditionally bought U.S. debt , but never in such volume .
The government deficits are so large that the FED will probably eventually announce one or more new programs to buy U.S. debt .
At a minimum , these deficits ensure that the FED will not be soon selling what it now is in the midst of buying .
No exit here .
The FED never bought mortgage - backed securities as part of its permanent portfolio .
Now it is .
It is buying these securities from housing - related government - sponsored enterprises ( GSEs ) such as Fannie Mae , Freddie Mac , and the Federal Home Loan Banks .
Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac are now wards of the state .
The FED ’s support of them and the housing markets is a fiscal action .
The FED is more deeply engaged with the government than ever before .
The FED is buying long - term bonds from these agencies .
It claims that interest - rate risk is not an issue :
" The market valuation of agency MBS can fluctuate over time based on the interest rate environment ; however , the Federal Reserve ’s exposure to interest rate risk is mitigated by the conservative , buy and hold investment strategy of the agency MBS purchase program . "
If the FED holds these securities to maturity ( which is 15 to 30 years hence ) , it will not be selling these bonds so as to disengage from the government and so as to reduce its credits .
It will then have to find other ways to defuse the inflationary potential of that credit such as paying higher interest on reserves .
No matter what it does , it will not be getting back to what it used to be anytime soon .
The FED ’s engagement with government is far from temporary .
No exit here .
( If the FED , contrary to what it has stated , intends to sell these securities before they mature , then it certainly faces interest - rate risk .
Even if it does not sell these securities , it faces interest - rate risk ( contrary to what it says ) because the value of the bonds will sink if interest rates rise . )
In the past nine months , the U.S. Treasury made very large deposits at the FED .
These restrained the growth in the monetary base , other things equal .
But they also provided the Treasury a degree of control over the FED that is new .
This Supplementary Financing Program also engaged the FED with the government .
Treasury deposits have been run down from a peak $ 620 billion last November to $ 226 billion now .
The monetary base rose over $ 235 billion as a result .
The more that the FED becomes engaged in the government ’s fiscal policies and debt management , and the more that the FED depends on Treasury financing , the greater the risk that the FED is unable to disengage from the government .
The greater becomes the risk that it will continue and expand its credit activities at the government ’s behest or pressure .
The greater become the risks of high inflation or even hyperinflation .
The latter can occur through a loss in confidence among Americans or other holders of dollar denominated bonds that the FED has the situation under control .
Or suppose that another recession starts up , not that this one has yet ended , or that this one has a feeble recovery followed by a new dip .
The FED would be unable to decrease its balance sheet .
Government deficits would rise , and the FED would monetize some of the debt .
No exit here .
So far , the government and the FED have not provided a workable exit program for the FED .
Such a program would probably require the Congress to take the FED off the hook by absorbing some of its loans .
This is not impossible but it ’s improbable in the visible future .
The FED is supporting the GSEs for Congress and supporting the Treasury ’s financing of deficits made in Congress .
The Congress can play at criticizing the FED all day long , but the FED is supporting the fiscal policies of the Congress ; and it will probably be doing that for a long time to come .
Congress prefers that to having the problems on its books .
No exit means a persistently higher risk of inflation and worse .
The FED has created a huge monetary base with long - run potential to be loaned into the economy .
This is a situation that it cannot allow to happen without disastrous consequences .
Bank reserves are a large component of that monetary base .
To sterilize ( or neutralize their lending potential ) , the FED can pay interest on reserves .
There is no free lunch here for the FED .
It could be doing this for many years to come , during which time it becomes harder for it to handle its monetary actions .
Paying interest on bank reserves of $ 800 billion at 3 percent , say , costs $ 24 billion a year .
The FED ordinarily turns its earnings over to the Treasury .
This means that the FED ’s earnings will be $ 24 billion lower ( it going to the banks to sterilize their reserves ) and the revenues to the government are $ 24 billion lower .
Follow the money : The FED buys mortgage - backed securities .
The government ends up giving up $ 24 billion annually to the FED who pays it to the banks .
The present value of this is a very substantial amount of wealth transferred from taxpayers to the banks .
Bank stocks will go up in price when the FED starts paying higher interest on reserves , if not sooner .
When Congress realizes what ’s going on , there is bound to be pressure placed on the FED .
The FED changed in several other major ways in the past nine months .
It took on from banks what most people think are poor credits via its term auction credit program .
They add up to $ 274 billion .
These appear to be frozen on the FED ’s balance sheet .
There is no apparent exit there either .
It extended substantial credit to AIG , and that too is going nowhere fast .
Its central bank swaps and commercial paper credits have declined quite a lot .
They are still a rather high $ 224 billion in total .
The exit here is real but slow .
Another recession would halt and reverse it .
The FED changed its basic nature when it chose to make loans to specific entities , rather than providing general credit to the banking system .
It became a fixed income fund .
It replaced the capital market .
It allocated credit .
This too is a kind of fiscal function practiced by governments that wish to control the economy ’s financing .
All told , the FED has changed from a largely monetary institution to a monetary and fiscal institution that is linked to the Congress and the Treasury , i.e. , to the government .
The FED was never completely independent , of course .
It was a private - public institution , but one whose activities were mostly monetary ( apart from the period of the Accord ) .
Now its activities are more in the public domain , more fiscal , and more governmental .
They are more under the influence of government .
That has historically been a situation that created higher inflation and sometimes hyperinflation .
To my mind , this means that the FED faces very serious problems .
The government deficits and the government ’s love affair with the GSEs ensure this .
But the FED ’s problems are our problems , that is , the problems of anyone who holds dollars or dollar - denominated assets .
All the risks that the FED faces load onto the value of the dollar .
The government is already committed to huge deficits .
In several places above , I mentioned the risk of another recession or a further downturn in this one .
If that should happen , even if it happens several years from now , the government - FED system will be placed under an impossible strain .
That too suggests no exit , because the FED will pump more money rather than allow that doomsday event to occur .
However , doomsday will eventually overtake the government and the FED anyway .
The dollar amounts of the fiscal and monetary swings are simply getting too large compared to the production in the economy and the tax base .
Doomsday may possibly be resolved , when it stares America in the face , by a sharp cutback in government ’s size and by a return to a trustworthy currency .
The Best of Michael S. Rozeff
— — ——
“ I did n't feel like , oh , I need to call my lawyer or anything like that .
I felt like I was totally with it .
And then I did the breathalyzer and I can't remember exactly what number I blew , but it was like , I think , two times the legal limit .
And I thought , this machine is broken . ”
When Abby retired from professional soccer in 2015 , she was a two - time Olympic gold medalist , World Cup champion , and the all - time leader in goal scoring for the U.S. Women ’s National Team .
Today , she is also known for her speaking , activism , and writing .
https://twitter.com/AbbyWambach
https://www.instagram.com/abbywambach/
Move over Microsoft .
Apple can claim big , big market share numbers , too .
According to NPD , in June , nine out of 10 dollars spent on computers costing $ 1,000 or more went to Apple .
Mac revenue market share in the " premium " price segment was 91 percent , up from 88 percent in May .
By the way , Apple 's command of the premium market is way up from first quarter 2008 , when , according to NPD , Mac revenue share was 66 percent .
Gee , and it seemed so high when I broke that story .
Microsoft executives had better study Apple 's success -- and well -- as they prepare to bring Windows 7 to market .
The new operating system released to manufacturing today and launches on Oct. 22 .
But some people will get Windows 7 sooner .
Microsoft might want to reconsider its marketing , too .
Apple 's premium sales success means that from one perspective , Microsoft 's " Laptop Hunters " commercials are a failure .
Advertisement
Market Share 101
Microsoft and OEMs measure success in unit market share , which for combined Windows PC shipments is over 90 percent , according to Gartner and IDC .
In the United States , Mac market share was a paltry 8.7 percent in second quarter , according to Gartner .
The bulk of PCs sell for less than $ 1,000 .
According to NPD , in June , average selling prices for all PCs sold at US retail was $ 701 , or $ 690 for desktops and $ 703 for notebooks .
But the ASPs get more interesting when comparing Macs to Windows PCs .
For all Windows PCs , ASP was $ 515 in June .
For Macs : $ 1,400 .
Desktop Windows PC ASP : $ 489 .
Mac desktops : $ 1,398 .
Windows notebook ASP was $ 520 , or $ 569 when removing all those nasty , margin - sucking netbooks .
Mac laptops : $ 1,400 .
Mac ASPs have been higher for a long time , because Apple chooses not to compete at lower prices .
The real entry price for Apple computers is $ 999 for the white MacBook and $ 1,199 for either the low - end iMac or MacBook Pro .
By comparison , Windows netbooks sell for as little as $ 199 , unsubsidized , and even some fuller - sized laptops do n't cost much more .
For example , HP laptops start at $ 349.99 after rebate .
Apple 's starting prices put nearly all Macs in the premium category -- but A ( higher pricing ) does n't necessarily lead to B ( greater sales ) .
All major Windows OEMs sell PCs in the premium category , too .
Apple 's charging more is n't necessarily recipe for people paying more for Macs , or their capturing big revenue share .
Among the things working for Apple :
Mac OS X , iLife and hardware design differentiate Macs from PCs
Most households have Windows PCs -- so a Mac is something fresh , new
Most Windows
PCs come with Vista , which has gotten lots of bad press
Apple retail stores offer a singular purchasing experience
Apple excels at lifestyle marketing ; there is a Mac lifestyle
Sales halo effect from satisfied iPod and iPhone customers help Mac sales
Design priority : Apple emphasizes different features , such as super long battery life for MacBook Pro , than most Windows OEMs
Despite these advantages , US Mac retail sales slowed for about six months .
The Macolypse Hits Apple
From about November 2008 to April 2009 , Mac year - over - year US retail sales declined , even as Windows PCs dramatically gained .
There was kind of a numbers reversal , following the late - September stock market crash .
For example , in October 2008 , following release of new aluminum , unibody laptops , US retail Mac revenue grew 25.5 percent , while Windows PC sales fell 4.2 percent , according to NPD .
By January 2009 , Mac retail revenue was down 10.4 percent from a year earlier and Windows PC revenue was flat .
The unit changes were dramatic , too : in January , Windows PCs were up 16.7 percent , and Macs were down by 5.4 percent .
In February : Windows PC units sales rose 22 percent year over year and Macs fell 16.7 percent .
Several factors accounted for this dramatic turnabout :
The post -September economic collapse chilled consumer spending -- higher - priced PCs among the harder - hit categories .
In September , Microsoft started its " I'm a PC " marketing campaign , which , according to the company and analysts , boosted Windows perceptions and PC sales over several months .
Apple took a four month break from airing " Get a Mac " commercials .
By April , Mac sales started to turn around , as the economy improved and new " Get a Mac " ads started airing .
Laptop Hunters Miss the Game
In March , Microsoft 's ad campaign entered another phase , with " Laptop Hunters " commercials , which sought to demonstrate the value of Windows portables compared to Macs .
Many Apple and Microsoft pundits or analysts have said the Laptop Hunters commercials are about price -- meaning PCs costing less than Macs .
That 's simply not true .
The commercials are about value , and at premium prices .
Six Laptop Hunters commercials have aired in the United States .
For four of the commercials , the shoppers had budgets between $ 1,500 and $ 2,000 .
Budgets for the other two : $ 750 and $ 1,000 .
If the commercials were about contrasting Windows laptop lower pricing to costlier Macs , Microsoft would n't feature shoppers with so much money to spend .
Consider that at retail , where all the people in the commercials shopped , Windows laptop ASP was $ 703 in June , according to NPD .
Microsoft marketers sought to compare and contrast Windows laptops in the same premium price ranges as Mac portables .
That 's the market segment where Microsoft and its OEM partners need to gain share against Apple and where PC hardware margins are richer .
The commercials were supposed to show Windows ' laptops greater value against Macs in similar price range .
By that measure , the Laptop Hunters campaign is a failure .
Clearly , more US retail buyers see more value in Macs in the premium price range , which is evidenced by Apple 's ridiculously high revenue share and gains reaching it .
I 'm a fan of Laptop Hunters and consider it be one of Microsoft 's very best advertising campaigns .
Laptop Hunters campaign has boosted Microsoft 's brand and , by analysts numbers , helped boost Windows sales in a soft market .
But the campaign apparently did n't boost Windows laptop value perceptions against Macs .
Apple Calms the Stormy Economic Seas
Apple must be doing something right to go from , in the US retail premium PC market , 66 percent revenue share in first quarter 2008 to 91 percent at the end of second quarter 2009 .
The company has masterfully navigated the stormy economic waters that battered so many other companies .
While competitors slashed prices to protect market share and to pull sales , Apple sought to preserve the perceived value of the Mac brand .
Rather than lower entry - level pricing and move big time into the sub - $ 1,000 PC market , as some analysts recommended , Apple chose to do something else , in early June :
Lower 15 - inch and 17 - inch MacBook Pros by $ 300
Replace 13 - inch MacBooks with Pro models for $ 100 less
Effectively lower the Pro entry price to $ 1,199 from $ 1,999
Based on data from NPD and other analysts , including Piper Jaffray 's Gene Munster , Apple 's price cuts at the high end significantly boosted Mac sales , which at US retail were up 16 percent year over year in June .
Rather than aim low , Apple chose to make the high lower , in a segment where Macs already commanded overwhelming market share .
Yesterday , the company revealed that it had shipped 2.6 million Macs during second calendar quarter , beating analysts estimates .
Hello !
I work on the digital products team at Raspberry Pi Foundation .
It ’s brill .
I am also a board member and Chief Alter Ego Enthusiast at Pushkins Prefers .
" I hope the installation of these bases ... does not strengthen the warmongering policies of the ( Colombian ) government and the fight , not against drug trafficking , but against the insurgent governments of our America , " Correa said in his inaugural address .
I am going with photoshopped what do u think ?
I have n't ever heard of a three headed dog , I have seen a Two Legged Dog ... but maybe i...
The decision to refuse parole to Great Train Robber Ronnie Biggs has met with some criticism .
How have other armed robbers been dealt with by the law ?
Ronnie Biggs , 79 , has been refused parole for his part in a 1963 train robbery that netted £ 2.6 m , after the Justice Secretary Jack Straw said Biggs was unrepentant .
Biggs 's original 30 - year jail term was part of a combined sentence of more than 300 years handed down to the gang he was part of .
The Magazine has mapped several high - profile heists and the total prison terms imposed on those involved .
Click on the crimes below to see how each case was dealt with .
Year Robbery Value of haul Sentence 1963 Great Train Robbery £ 41 m 307 years 1983 Security Express £ 15 m 82 years 1983 Brinks Mat £ 66 m 89 years 1987 Knightsbridge Safe Deposit Centre £ 84 m 22 years 1990 City Bonds £ 497 m 6.5 years 2004 Northern Bank £ 30 m 0 years 2006 Securitas £ 57 m 70 years Great Train Robbery On 8 August 1963 armed robbers stole £ 2.6 m ( £ 41 m in 2008 prices ) in cash from the Glasgow - to - London Royal Mail train .
The gang of 15 stopped the train in rural Buckinghamshire with a fake stop signal .
Detectives quickly found the robbers ' base .
Clues there soon led them to most of the gang who were arrested and ultimately sentenced to a total of 307 years .
One of them , Ronnie Biggs , later escaped from Jail and fled to Brazil .
He returned to the UK in 2001 and is still in prison .
Security Express On Easter Monday 1983 a gang broke into the Security Express depot in Shoreditch , east London , and escaped with £ 6 m ( £ 15 m ) .
The robbery was masterminded by John Knight , the brother of Ronnie Knight , the former husband of actress Barbara Windsor .
John Knight was later jailed for 22 years .
Ronnie Knight , who was living in Spain , later admitted handling some of the stolen money and was jailed in 1994 .
Brinks Mat Six armed men gained entry to the Brinks Mat high security warehouse at Heathrow Airport on 26 November 1983 by posing as security guards .
They doused a guard with petrol and threatened to set him alight unless he opened the vault .
He could n't remember the code , but the gang discovered boxes full of gold ingots and took those instead .
The gang 's haul was worth £ 26 m ( £ 66 m ) .
Gang leaders Micky McAvoy and Brian Robinson were jailed for 25 years .
Kenneth Noye , who was jailed for 14 years for handling some of the stolen gold , is now serving life for a murder committed in 1996 .
Knightsbridge Safe Deposit Centre
At least £ 40 m ( £ 84 m ) of goods were stolen from 120 safe deposit boxes at a warehouse opposite Harrods on a Sunday in July 1987 .
The robbery was an inside job planned with the help of the managing director of the centre who was heavily in debt .
Italian Valerio Viccei received a 22 - year sentence for masterminding the theft .
In 1992 he was allowed to serve the rest of his sentence in an Italian jail , but in 2000 , while on day release , he was gunned down by police .
City Bonds
On 2 May 1990 a financial messenger was robbed at knifepoint in a quiet City of London side street .
He had been carrying Treasury bonds worth £ 292 m ( £ 497 m ) .
Detectives believe the mugging was carried out by Patrick Thomas , a small - time crook from south London who was shot dead before he could be charged .
The police later recovered all but two of the bonds after a tip - off .
One man , Keith Cheeseman , received a six - and - a - half - year sentence for laundering the stolen bonds .
Northern Bank On 20 December 2004 a gang stole £ 26.4 m ( £ 30 m ) from the headquarters of the Northern Bank in Belfast - the largest amount of cash ever taken in a robbery in the UK .
Indeed , so large the bank had to withdraw its notes and replace them with new ones with different logos and colours .
It also had political ramifications as it was blamed on the IRA , who were supposed to have ended all criminal activity .
Most of the stolen cash has yet to be recovered .
Securitas A gang raided the Securitas depot in Tonbridge , Kent on 22 February 2006 making off with £ 53 m ( £ 57 m ) in cash .
The gang gained access to the depot by kidnapping the depot manager and his family and forcing him to let them in .
All but one of the gang was later arrested and sentenced to long prison terms after the make - up artist , who provided them with their disguises , turned Queen 's evidence .
How did we compile the data for this graphic ?
Figures for the sums of money stolen and jail terms were gathered by studying contemporaneous and other news reports of the various crimes and subsequent trials of those involved in these robberies .
The prison terms cited represent the combined length of sentences handed down to those directly and indirectly involved in the crimes .
The figures cited for the value of the various hauls are those used in reports at the time .
They have been adjusted for inflation using the Bank of England inflation calculator which uses UK price index data .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
and
In early June , Calcyman completed a glider - constructible universal computer / constructor -- a Life pattern that can be programmed to perform arbitrary calculationsoptionally to construct Life patterns according to the results of those calculations .
It is conjectured that the UCC can be programmed to build any glider - constructible Life pattern , up to and including a complete working copy of itself , since the UCC 's circuitry is made entirely from stable Spartan components ( eight or fewer cells per still life ) .
Further details can be found in the conwaylife.com LifeWiki entry on the UCC , and in the draft programming instructions in this archive file .
The 228 K pattern file linked to by the image at right is a compressed Golly macrocell format .
A 73 K two - state macrocell version and a 400 K compressed RLE version are also available .
These files do not include the annotations available in the image link , which uses a multistate " LifeHistory " rule to help make the UCC 's circuitry easier to trace and understand .
Golly 2.1 and later versions have the necessary table and color files to display the annotations .
The UCC is is a possible next step towards a working Life replicator , the previous step being Paul Chapman 's 2004 prototype programmable constructor ( which is partially incorporated in Calcyman 's pattern ) .
However , the current UCC is huge -- nearly half a million ON cells in a six - billion - cell rectangular region -- which may put it safely beyond even a hashlife algorithm 's ability to simulate a complete replication cycle .
By Victoria Gill
Science reporter , BBC News
The table will be one element longer
The ubiquitous periodic table will soon have a new addition - the " super - heavy " element 112 .
More than a decade after experiments first produced a single atom of the element , a team of German scientists has been credited with its discovery .
The team , led by Sigurd Hofmann at the Centre for Heavy Ion Research , must propose a name for their find , before it can be formally added to the table .
Scientists continue the race to discover more super - heavy elements .
Professor Hofmann began his quest to add to the periodic table in 1976 .
The fusion experiments he and his colleagues carried out at the centre have already revealed the existence of elements with atomic numbers 107 - 111 .
These are known as " super - heavy elements " - their numbers represent the number of protons which , together with neutrons , give the atom the vast majority of its mass .
To create element 112 , Professor Hofmann 's team used a 120 m - long particle accelerator to fire a beam of charged zinc atoms ( or zinc ions ) at lead atoms .
Nuclei of the two elements merged , or fused , to form the nucleus of the new element .
Powerful particle accelerators speed up the hunt for " super - heavy elements "
These very large and heavy nuclei are also very unstable .
They begin to fall apart or " decay " very soon after being formed - within a few milliseconds , in this case .
This releases energy , which scientists can measure to find out the size of the decaying nucleus .
But such experiments produce very few successful fusions , and scientists need increasingly powerful accelerators to run experiments for longer and find the elusive , unstable elements .
This is why it took such a long time for element 112 to be officially recognised by the International Union of Pure and Applied Chemistry ( IUPAC ) .
Its discovery had to be independently verified , and so far only four atoms have ever been observed .
IUPAC temporarily named the element ununbium , as " ununbi " is derived from the figures " one one two " in Latin ; but Professor Hofmann 's team now has the task of proposing its official name .
He is currently keeping the shortlist under wraps .
Working together Teams in Russia , the US and Japan are taking part in what Professor Hofmann described as the " friendly competition " to discover new , heavier elements .
FROM BBC WORLD SERVICE Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from BBC World Service
In 2006 , Professor Hofmann 's competitors at the Joint Institute for Nuclear Research ( JINR ) in Dubna , Russia , claimed the discovery of element 118 .
It was made by bombarding a californium target with a beam of calcium ions .
" We have confirmed some of these results , " Professor Hofmann told BBC News .
But he is now setting his sights higher .
" We tried the same experiment to get to element 120 .
We 've not seen it yet , but we believe the element exists and , with a long enough beam time , it could be produced , " he said .
" It 's certainly a race , and it 's nice to be first . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The Conservatives have pledged to hand the Bank and its Governor Mervyn King power to control the balance sheets of all Britain 's major banks and finance houses , as well as regulation of the broader financial system .
With its existing power to control interest rates , the proposed reforms will mean the Bank will rival the US Federal Reserve as one of the western world 's most powerful central banks , with a reach that extends from controlling the speed of the economy to the behaviour of its banks .
Calling Israel ’s sovereignty over Jerusalem indisputable , Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on Sunday rejected U.S. demands to stop plans to build 20 Jewish - owned apartments in the eastern part of the city that Palestinians regard as key to their future state .
The decision to allow new housing on land annexed by Israel after the 1967 war probably will further agitate relations with the Obama administration , which has been pressuring Netanyahu to halt the expansion of settlements in hopes of reviving the Middle East peace process and enticing Arab nations to normalize relations with the Jewish state .
The sensitivity concerning the project , proposed by a Jewish American millionaire , was highlighted over the weekend when Israeli officials said the country ’s ambassador to Washington , Michael B. Oren , was summoned to the State Department .
But Netanyahu , referring to news reports about the U.S. opposition to the plan , was unwavering , saying that a united Jerusalem was the capital of Israel and that there would be no limits on Jewish construction .
While refusing to rule out natural growth in existing settlements , Israel has pledged not to build new settlements and not to confiscate more land .
Israel does n’t consider projects in East Jerusalem to be settlements , but rather legitimate expansions in a section of the city it captured in the Six - Day War .
Advertisement
“ We cannot accept the idea that Jews will not have the right to live and purchase [ homes ] anywhere in Jerusalem , ” Netanyahu told reporters at the start of his weekly Cabinet meeting .
“ I can only imagine what would happen if someone would propose that Jews could not live in certain neighborhoods of New York , London , Paris or Rome .
There would certainly be a major international outcry .
We cannot accept such a decree in Jerusalem . ”
Chief Palestinian negotiator Saeb Erekat said that Netanyahu ’s comments were a distraction from the peace process and that East Jerusalem , like the West Bank , would one day be freed from occupation to become part of a Palestinian state .
Washington and the international community hold that Jewish expansion in disputed East Jerusalem is a major deterrent in solving the Israeli - Palestinian crisis .
“ The job of the prime minister of Israel is to prepare his people for peace , ” Erekat said .
“ Settlements and peace are two parallels that do not go together .
It is either settlements or peace . ”
For the last two months , Israeli Defense Minister Ehud Barak and special U.S. envoy George J. Mitchell have met several times to try to resolve what has turned into the most publicly pointed disagreement in years between Israel and Washington .
Advertisement
The Israeli activist group Peace Now said construction in East Jerusalem -- home to holy sites for Christians , Jews and Muslims -- is not supported by all Israelis and “ undermines the chances of the city becoming the joint capital of Israel and the future Palestinian state . ”
Conservative voices , however , fear that forgoing construction in East Jerusalem will only invite more outside pressure on Israel to curtail its development within the city .
Ophir Akunis , a Likud Party member of the Knesset , Israel ’s parliament , said : “ All countries in the world must understand that on the issue of Jerusalem , we will not receive dictates . ”
The project in East Jerusalem is funded by U.S. businessman Irving Moskowitz , who has backed a number of housing projects in the city .
It calls for building 20 apartments on land that includes the old Shepherd ’s Hotel , which was constructed in the 1930s for the grand mufti of Jerusalem , Haj Amin Husseini .
After the Six - Day War , the hotel became a courthouse under the Israeli Ministry of Justice .
It has been empty for about 15 years .
The Jerusalem Planning Committee , which approved Moskowitz ’s project , said copies of the proposal were given to the U.S. and British consulates .
Jerusalem Mayor Nir Barkat said in statement : “ According to the High Court of Israel , Jews , Muslims and Christians alike can purchase land in all parts of the city of Jerusalem . ”
Advertisement
--
jeffrey.fleishman@latimes.com
WASHINGTON ( MarketWatch ) -- Bank of America Corp. agreed to pay a $ 33 million penalty to the Securities and Exchange Commission , which said the mega - bank misled shareholders about billions in bonuses paid to Merrill Lynch executives before completing its controversial $ 50 billion acquisition of the huge brokerage firm .
" The SEC alleges that in proxy materials soliciting the votes of shareholders on the proposed acquisition of Merrill , Bank of America stated that Merrill had agreed that it would not pay year - end performance bonuses or other discretionary compensation to its executives prior to the closing of the merger without Bank of America 's consent , " the SEC wrote .
" In fact , Bank of America had already contractually authorized Merrill to pay up to $ 5.8 billion in discretionary bonuses to Merrill executives for 2008 . "
According to the SEC 's complaint , which is subject to court approval , Bank of America BAC , +0.88 % said in a November , 2008 , joint proxy statement for the acquisition that Merrill said it would not pay year - end bonuses to top executives before closing without Bank of America 's consent .
However , the SEC alleges that Bank of America had a prior agreement to pay bonuses .
" The disclosures in the proxy statement were rendered materially false and misleading by the existence of the prior undisclosed agreement allowing Merrill to pay billions of dollars in bonuses for 2008 , " the SEC said .
The SEC 's complaint was filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York .
The settlement alleges that Bank of America violated its fiduciary duty to shareholders by failing to disclose key details about bonuses and other incentives going to Merrill Lynch executives as part of the acquisition .
" Unbeknownst to shareholders , the schedule was already in place weeks before the proxy statement was filed with the SEC and disseminated to shareholders , " the SEC said .
The settlement comes after a busy last week of July for executive compensation .
On July 31 , New York Attorney General Andrew Cuomo released a report that Wall Street 's largest financial institutions paid awards of at least $ 1 million to roughly 4,800 executives and employees .
That was followed the next day by the House of Representatives taking action to reign in executive compensation by approving legislation that would give shareholders and bank regulators a greater say in the pay of top corporate officials .
See full story .
Columbia Law School Professor John Coffee said he was surprised that the settlement did not require Bank of America 's board to hire an outside investigator to examine who made the false statements .
" Corporation 's do n't tell lies , someone within the corporation lies , " said Coffee .
" If you have a problem with this company 's disclosures , you want to know who was responsible for the misstatement . "
Claudia Allen , partner at Neal Gerber & Eisenberg , said the settlement represents a new climate in the SEC 's enforcement division .
" These Merrill bonuses were front and center over the last several month , in connection with the public 's outrage around the large amounts of taxpayer aid going to banks , " said Allen .
" In addition to sending message that disclosure is important , the SEC is sending a message that its enforcement division is looking to take action when it comes to failures to disclose . "
Will Lewis go ?
Coffee said he was not surprised that Bank of America agreed to a settlement , noting that a court case " could be destabilizing " for the bank 's chairman , Ken Lewis and Bank of America .
" This is surprisingly empty as far as settlements go , " Coffee said .
" Bank of America and Lewis does not want to have this litigated . "
Lewis already is under pressure from some shareholders to have Lewis step down .
CtW Investment Group , an organization that advises pensions for unions , continued its campaign to have Lewis ousted .
" Following today 's announced SEC lawsuit against Bank of America , the CtW Investment Group calls on the BofA Board of Directors to replace Ken Lewis - who bears ultimate responsibility for the disclosure failure - with a CEO who will restore investor and regulatory confidence and claw back the $ 3.6 billion in premature bonuses surreptitiously paid to Merrill Lynch executives , " the group said .
Lewis stepped down as Bank of America chairman , but remained as CEO , after the company 's 2009 annual meeting .
However , Richard Bove an analyst at Rochdale Research said he does n't believe the SEC suit will harm the company or force Lewis to resign .
" It is just another indication of the storm of political wrath about to be unleashed on the American financial industry , " Bove said .
" Lewis is supported by the Board , the bank 's employees , large institutional investors , analysts who follow the company , and the prior managers of the bank . "
Lawmakers take issue with Lewis and regulators
The SEC charges come after Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke , Bank of America Chief Executive Ken Lewis and former Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson have received a barrage of criticism from lawmakers over the past couple months .
Paulson and Bernanke have recently responded to a wide - variety of concerns expressed by lawmakers , ranging from criticism that they ordered Bank of America Chief Executive Ken Lewis to go through with the Merrill Lynch acquisition against his will , to questions why they did n't oust the bank 's management and board upon providing government assistance .
The concerns on Capitol Hill are being examined as part of an investigation being conducted by the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee , which expects to still hear in the fall from former SEC Chairman Christopher Cox and Federal Deposit Insurance Corp.
Chairwoman Sheila Bair on the subject .
The SEC said it received assistance in its investigation -- which it said is ongoing -- from the U.S. Attorney 's Offices for the Southern District of New York and the Western District of North Carolina , the Federal Bureau of Investigations , and the Office of the Special Inspector General for the Troubled Asset Relief Program .
Coffee said that the statement could indicate that the SEC may be conducting a criminal investigation .
Tip of the iceberg ?
However , some congressional critics also argue that Bank of America 's Lewis , the Fed and Treasury department failed to disclose to the SEC and shareholders details about widening losses at Merrill Lynch in November prior to a shareholder vote on the deal in December .
The complaint does not make any suggestion that Bank of America failed to disclose these details to shareholders .
According to a Democratic staff memo , Bank of America " arguably should have filed a Form 8 K " with the SEC , publicly disclosing information about the losses to investors before they voted on the combination .
Rep. Darrell Issa , R - Calif. , ranking member of the Oversight and Government Reform Committee , said the SEC 's charges against Bank of America are a validation of the committee 's concerns .
" While the settlement Bank of America reached with the SEC does not include an admission of liability , the circumstances certainly underscore the need for us to continue our investigation of the Bank of America - Merrill Lynch acquisition and the role officials at the Treasury and Federal Reserve had in pressuring the acquisition to move forward , " said Issa .
Rep. Ed Towns , D - N.Y. , chairman of the committee , said he was " pleased " to see the SEC is pursing issues around the deal .
" The Committee 's hearings and our ongoing investigation have uncovered very troubling facts that we will continue to explore , " said Towns .
Management changes at Bank of America
Bank of America 's Lewis announced management changes on Monday .
He announced that the bank 's consumer and small business banking division , Liam McGee , is leaving and will be replaced with Brian Moynihan , another top official at the bank .
Tom Montag , who currently runs Global Markets for the company , will run Global Corporate and Investment Banking and Sallie Krawcheck , is leaving Citigroup to run Bank of America 's Global Wealth and Investment Management unit .
David Darnell , who runs Global Commercial Banking , will now report directly to Lewis .
The study was carried out on nuns People with superior language skills early in life may be less likely to develop Alzheimer 's disease decades later , research suggests .
A team from Johns Hopkins University studied the brains of 38 Catholic nuns after death .
They found those with good language skills early in life were less likely to have memory problems - even if their brains showed signs of dementia damage .
The study appears online in the journal Neurology .
One possible implication of this study is that an intellectual ability test in the early 20s may predict the likelihood of remaining cognitively normal five or six decades later
Rebecca Wood
Alzheimer 's Research Trust Dementia is linked to the formation of protein plaques and nerve cell tangles in the brain .
But scientists remain puzzled about why these signs of damage produce dementia symptoms in some people , but not others .
The researchers focused on nuns who were part of an ongoing clinical study .
They divided the women into those with memory problems and signs of dementia damage in the brain , and those whose memory was unaffected regardless of whether or not they showed signs of dementia damage .
And they also analysed essays that 14 of the women wrote as they entered the convent in their late teens or early 20s , assessing them for complexity of language and grammar .
The study showed that language scores were 20 % higher in women without memory problems than those with signs of a malfunctioning memory .
The grammar score did not show any difference between the two groups .
Lead researcher Dr Juan Troncoso said : " Despite the small number of participants in this portion of the study , the finding is a fascinating one .
" Our results show that an intellectual ability test in the early 20s may predict the likelihood of remaining cognitively normal five or six decades later , even in the presence of a large amount of Alzheimer 's disease pathology . "
Brain cell growth
The study also found that brain cells were largest in women who retained a normal memory despite showing signs of disease in their brains .
The researchers said this suggested that a growth in brain cells might be part of the body 's early response to the onset of dementia , and this might help to prevent memory impairment .
Dr Troncoso said : " Perhaps mental abilities at age 20 are indicative of a brain that will be better able to cope with diseases later in life . "
Dr Susanne Sorensen , head of research at the Alzheimer 's Society , said : " It is interesting that the nuns in the study with better language skills in their youth avoided memory problems in later life .
" However , the research is in a very small , select group and it would be difficult to say at this stage if language skills could really predict dementia . "
Rebecca Wood , chief executive of the Alzheimer 's Research Trust , said : " One possible implication of this study is that an intellectual ability test in the early 20s may predict the likelihood of remaining cognitively normal five or six decades later .
" However , prominent exceptions exist , including authors like Terry Pratchett and Iris Murdoch , who developed dementia despite their linguistic brilliance . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Why it 's taken so long to produce some good looking lightsaber chopsticks is beyond me .
I mean , they just make sense .
Like wind energy and peeing in the sink , but with a culinary flair .
Available in three colors , the $ 10 sticks are the perfect utensils for devouring tauntaun and Ewok dishes .
But do n't go trying to eat that shit Yoda fixes on Dagobah !
The runs like you 're about to be trampled by an AT - AT .
Hit the jump for one more shot of the sabers in hand .
ã‚³ãƒˆãƒ–ã‚­ãƒ¤ ãƒ ©ã‚¤ãƒˆã‚ » ãƒ¼ãƒãƒ¼ ãƒãƒ§ãƒƒãƒ — ã‚¹ãƒ†ã‚£ ãƒƒã‚¯ [ japanstarwars ]
Thanks to naas has too many duplicates and sham , who eat the old fashioned way , through osmosis .
How do you put together a consumer economy that works when the consumers are out of work ?
One of the great stories you ’ll be hearing over the next couple of years will be about the large number of Americans who were forced out of work in this recession and remained unable to find gainful employment after the recession ended .
We ’re basically in denial about this .
There are now more than five unemployed workers for every job opening in the United States .
The ranks of the poor are growing , welfare rolls are rising and young American men on a broad front are falling into an abyss of joblessness .
Some months ago , the Obama administration and various mainstream economists forecast a peak unemployment rate of roughly 8 percent this year .
It has already reached 9.4 percent , and most analysts now expect it to hit 10 percent or higher .
Economists are currently spreading the word that the recession may end sometime this year , but the unemployment rate will continue to climb .
That ’s not a recovery .
That ’s mumbo jumbo .
Why this rampant joblessness is not viewed as a crisis and approached with the sense of urgency and commitment that a crisis warrants , is beyond me .
The Obama administration has committed a great deal of money to keep the economy from collapsing entirely , but that is not enough to cope with the scope of the jobless crisis .
Industry Canada has dismissed allegations that it is altering submissions from the public to its website on the current copyright reform consultations .
The government ministry has sent a letter to Michael Geist , a University of Ottawa professor who is closely tracking the consultations , that counters some of the allegations he made on his blog Thursday .
" I read with some disappointment the allegations posted [ on ] your blog that you think the government could be altering submissions to our site , " wrote Darren Cunningham , director of communications for Industry Minister Tony Clement .
" I can assure you and anyone who reads your blog the suggestion is patently false . "
Geist said Industry Canada was not posting hundreds of letters written by Canadians and submitted through the website of the Canadian Coalition for Electronic Rights , a group that is following the consultations .
Individuals who modified the CCER 's form letter , or who wrote their own opinions and submitted them through the group 's website , simply had their names added to one letter representing the organization .
Not posting those modified and individual letters to the copyright consultation website is tantamount to altering the views of the authors , Geist said .
Some people who wrote individual letters did get their submissions posted after complaining to Industry Canada , but Geist said that was not a fair way to deal with the issue .
Cunningham said form letters will only be posted once on the website to avoid having the same letter appearing hundreds of times .
Industry Canada has received more than 4,200 submissions so far , with some days seeing more than 500 letters come in , he said .
" It is possible that human error may have occurred .
We are happy to address any mistakes that are brought to our attention to ensure the integrity of the postings , " Cunningham wrote in his letter .
" Our goal is to make the site as user - friendly as possible .
It is important that all views can be read and nothing inhibits that . "
The countrywide public consultations , which began in Vancouver in July , are scheduled to wrap up in September .
The government plans to use information gained from the sessions to craft new copyright reform legislation .
On two previous attempts , the Conservatives were roundly criticized for failing to consult the public on what the new rules should be .
Several bloggers , including Geist , reported the general public was largely kept out of a big townhall meeting with Clement in Toronto on Thursday night , with representatives of the music industry taking up many of the seats .
" It was so over the top that their message was lost in light of such an obvious orchestrated attempt to stack the deck , " he wrote .
Clement told CBC
News his personal target for a new copyright bill was Dec. 11 , but added that another potential federal election during the fall could scuttle that .
Animated Engines
Two Cylinder Stirling Engine
The Stirling engine is one of my favorites .
It was invented in 1816 by Rev. Robert Stirling of Scotland .
The Stirling is a very simple engine , and was often billed as a safe alternative to steam , since there ’s no risk of a boiler explosion .
It enjoyed some success in industrial applications , and also in small appliances like fans and water pumps , but it was eclipsed by the advent of inexpensive electric motors .
3
However , because it can run on any source of heat , it now holds promise for alternative fuel engines , solar power , geothermal power , etc .
Stirling engines feature a completely closed system in which the working gas ( usually air but sometimes helium or hydrogen ) is alternately heated and cooled by shifting the gas to different temperature locations within the system .
In the two - cylinder ( or alpha configured3 ) Stirling , one cylinder is kept hot while the other is kept cool .
In this illustration , the lower - left cylinder is heated by burning fuel .
The other cylinder is kept cool by air circulating through a heat sink ( a.k.a. cooling fins ) .
The Stirling cycle can be thought of as four different phases : expansion , transfer , contraction , and transfer .
Expansion
Most of the gas in the system has just been driven into the hot cylinder .
The gas heats and expands driving both pistons inward .
Transfer
The gas has expanded ( about 3 times in this example ) .
Most of the gas ( about 2/3 ) is still located in the hot cylinder .
Flywheel momentum carries the crankshaft the next 90 degrees , transferring the bulk of the gas to the cool cylinder .
Contraction
The majority of the expanded gas has shifted to the cool cylinder .
It cools and contracts , drawing both pistons outward .
Transfer
The contracted gas is still located in the cool cylinder .
Flywheel momentum carries the crank another 90 degrees , transferring the gas to back to the hot cylinder to complete the cycle .
This engine also features a regenerator , illustrated by the chamber containing the green hatch lines .
The regenerator is constructed of material that readily conducts heat and has a high surface area , typically a mesh of closely spaced , thin metal plates .
When hot gas is transferred to the cool cylinder , it is first driven through the regenerator , where a portion of the heat is deposited .
When the cool gas is transferred back , this heat is reclaimed ; thus the regenerator “ pre heats ” and “ pre cools ” the working gas , dramatically improving efficiency .
3
Michael Newman ( Sandler ) is a hard working family man , who must please his boss ( Hasselhoff ) , in order to get promoted .
Problem is he gets less time with his family , and wishes for a remote in which he can control his life .
This soon comes true for Newman , when he meets Morty ( Walken ) , a crazy sales clerk , who has the ultimate remote .
A remote in which he can do anything , including muting , skipping and dubbing his life .
He finds this to be the opportunity in which he can not only skip every argument , but also skip to his promotion .
He sees this as a good idea , until the remote goes horribly wrong .
Written by Film_Fan
The Pirate Party UK made the announcement via their blog and have appealed for people to now join up as members of an official political party .
They said : “ The paperwork is done .
The website has been developed …
We have put the legal and banking necessities in place .
Now the party needs you .
Yes , I know you were there for the party all along , but now you really can join this real political party .
ANECDOTAL evidence has long held that creativity in artists and writers can be associated with living in foreign parts .
Rudyard Kipling , Pablo Picasso , Ernest Hemingway , Paul Gauguin , Samuel Beckett and others spent years dwelling abroad .
Now a pair of psychologists has proved that there is indeed a link .
As they report in the Journal of Personality and Social Psychology , William Maddux of INSEAD , a business school in Fontainebleau , France , and Adam Galinsky , of the Kellogg School of Management in Chicago , presented 155 American business students and 55 foreign ones studying in America with a test used by psychologists as a measure of creativity .
Given a candle , some matches and a box of drawing pins , the students were asked to attach the candle to a cardboard wall so that no wax would drip on the floor when the candle was lit .
( The solution is to use the box as a candleholder and fix it to the wall with the pins . )
They found 60 % of students who were either living abroad or had spent some time doing so , solved the problem , whereas only 42 % of those who had not lived abroad did so .
A follow - up study with 72 Americans and 36 foreigners explored their creative negotiating skills .
Pairs of students were asked to play the role of a seller of a petrol station who then needed to get a job and a buyer who would need to hire staff to run the business .
The two were likely to reach an impasse because the buyer had been told he could not afford what the seller was told was his minimum price .
Nevertheless , where both negotiators had lived abroad 70 % struck a deal in which the seller was offered a management job at the petrol station in return for a lower asking price .
When neither of the negotiators had lived abroad , none was able to reach a deal .
To check that they had not merely discovered that creative people are more likely to choose to live abroad , Dr Maddux and Dr Galinsky identified and measured personality traits , such as openness to new experiences , that are known to predict creativity .
They then used statistical controls to filter out such factors .
Even after that had been done , the statistical relationship between living abroad and creativity remained , indicating that it is something from the experience of living in foreign parts that helps foster creativity .
Merely travelling abroad , however , was not enough .
You do have to live there .
Packing your beach towel and suntan lotion will not , by itself , make you Hemingway .
A production company thinks it has found a dramatic new television format for the so - called age of terror : conducting international manhunts for suspected terrorists and war criminals , filming them and selling the finished product to television networks around the world .
Its first bidder is NBC News .
In just under a week NBC is expected to introduce the series , “ The Wanted , ” which has already attracted criticism because of the collaboration between the journalists and the former government operatives they work with .
Soon the series may go worldwide : on Monday a distribution company , ShineReveille International , said it had acquired the series for foreign distribution .
The series has been criticized by some as an extension of “ To Catch a Predator , ” the “ Dateline NBC ” franchise that showed police officers and journalists working in concert to catch possible sex offenders when they tried to meet minors .
Some have even pre-emptively labeled the series “ To Catch a Terrorist . ”
Last winter the Department of Homeland Security warned that NBC ’s pursuit of a Maryland college professor on genocide charges could hurt the ability of law enforcement officials to enact actual , as opposed to televised , justice .
While Santa is away on a golf trip , the lists are starting to pour in .
Thanks to an elf who reads my blog , I was able to get my hands on a few lists .
Christmas can be a rough holiday when your brother or your sister is your competition in the world of sports .
The nephews and nieces always seem to run to the winner first and the less successful sibling is an afterthought .
Without further ado , here is what sibling athletes are asking Santa to bring their brother or sister for Christmas this year :
Wladimir Klitschko currently holds the IBF , IBO , WBO , and Ring Magazine world heavyweight championships .
His older brother Vitaly currently holds the WBC title .
These two siblings have said numerous times that they will not fight each other .
My elf found greedy Wladimir ’s Christmas letter to Santa .
In Wlad ’s letter , he asks Santa to bring Vitaly a trainer to teach him MMA hoping to convince Vitaly to be in next years Ultimate Fighter , Russia vs The UK on Spike .
If successful , Wladimir will hold all the belts and have sole commercial rights to do Absolute vodka commercials without having to cut in brother Vitaly .
Now that the 2009 Wimbledon Women ’s Final will be Serena vs Venus , I asked the elf to dig for a letter from either Williams sister .
Low and behold , the elf came through with a letter from Venus .
In her letter Venus asks for free consultation with Michael Jackson ’s skin doctors .
Venus figures if she can turn colors like that chameleon Jackson did , that she can change her name to Williamsky and represent Germany .
Since Jordan Staal was on the 2009 Pittsburgh Penguins championship team and had to beat brother Eric and his Carolina Hurricanes to get there , the elf thought it weird that Eric has asked Santa to bring the cup to the Staal home .
He gets pretty graphic in the letter but says his plan is to destroy the cup and blame it on brother Jordan .
The elf dug up a no brainer for these two brothers .
Seems Mark McGwire wants brother Dan to get bigger and stronger .
So he asked Santa to deliver a case of Shredded Wheat and milk .
He also told Santa to ignore Dan ’s list and bring nothing stronger than One - A - Day vitamins .
Well , I hope Santa can accomodate these requests , I hate it when family becomes the enemy and these all seem like ways to eliminate the problems caused in sibling sports rivalries .
Hello , Ron Gold here :
The Community Issues Council , a Christian group opposed to the separation of Church and State , has gotten into the billboard business .
They ’ll soon have 10 up across Florida , including this one below :
There are a couple of problems with these billboards .
Not only will it be tough to comprehend a long , complicated sentence when speeding down the highway , but also , some of them will have fictitious quotes .
Even the group ’s local chapter president , Terry Kemple , admits to this :
The billboards showcase quotes from early American leaders like John Adams , James Madison and Benjamin Franklin .
Most of the quotes portray a national need for Christian governance .
Others carry the same message but with fictional attribution , as with one billboard citing George Washington for the quote , “ It is impossible to rightly govern the world without God and the Bible . ”
“ I do n’t believe there ’s a document in Washington ’s handwriting that has those words in that specific form , ” Kemple said .
“ However , if you look at Washington ’s quotes , including his farewell address , about the place of religion in the political sphere , there ’s no question he could have said those exact words . ”
Whether the quotes are made up or not do n’t seem to matter to Kemple and billboard financier Gregg Smith , since , as they assert , they are doing God ’s work :
More recently , Christian separation critics have scoffed at President Barack Obama ’s assertion in April that Americans “ do not consider ourselves a Christian nation or a Jewish nation or a Muslim nation . ”
At the time , Kemple and Smith were beginning to plan for the billboards .
“ I do n’t think it ’s coincidental , ” Kemple said .
“ I think God had his hand in it . ”
More information about the billboard campaign can be found on the propaganda site www.NoSeparation.org.
How to Bring Peace to Afghanistan
by Eric Margolis by Eric Margolis Recently by Eric Margolis : Fake Elections
Wo n’t Bring Peace toAfghanistan
An election held under the guns of a foreign occupation army cannot be called legitimate or democratic .
That ’s a basic tenet of international law .
Nevertheless , the US and its NATO allies have been lauding last week ’s faux presidential elections in Afghanistan as both a sign of growing support for Hamid Karzai ’s Western - backed government and the birth of democracy in Afghanistan .
In reality , the carefully stage - managed vote in Afghanistan for candidates chosen by Western powers is unlikely to bring either peace or democracy to this wretched nation that has suffered thirty years of nonstop war .
On the contrary , American generals have intensified warnings that the military situation in Afghanistan is rapidly " deteriorating " and are calling for yet more troops in addition to the recent major manpower increase authorized by President Barack Obama .
Sixty - eight thousand US combat troops , 40,000 NATO soldiers , and 75,000 mercenaries are apparently not enough .
Welcome to Vietnam Mission Creep , Part II .
Taliban and its nationalist allies rejected last week ’s vote as a fraud designed to validate continued foreign occupation and open the way for Western oil and gas pipelines .
Taliban , which speaks for many of Afghanistan ’s majority Pashtun , said it would only join a national election when US and NATO troops withdraw .
Charges of a rigged election are unfortunately correct .
All parties were banned from the supposedly " free election . "
Only candidates who favored continued US and NATO occupation ran .
The US paid for the elections and advertising , funded the Election Commission , and spread around large amounts of largesse to tribal warlords .
Foreign observers reported extensive fraud and vote rigging .
Compared to this predetermined vote , Iran ’s recent elections look almost Swiss by comparison .
Afghan elections run by the Soviets in 1986 and 1987 were fairer and more open : opposition parties were allowed to run .
After all the pre-election hoopla in Afghanistan , to paraphrase Omar Khayyam , we come out the same door we went in .
Election results wo n’t be in for two weeks .
But the winner will be whomever Washington decides is to be its man in Kabul .
That will likely be Hamid Karzai or Northern Alliance front- man , Dr. Abdullah Abdullah .
The Obama administration is fed up with Hamid Karzai and mutters about dumping him , but ca n’t find an acceptable alternative .
Abdullah , with his close links to Iran and Russia , makes Washington nervous .
What the US would really like is a new version of the late Najibullah , the iron - fisted strongman who ran Afghanistan for the Soviets .
The Western powers have marketed the Afghan War to their voters by claiming it is all about democracy , women ’s rights , education and nation building .
President Barack Obama claims the US is in Afghanistan to fight Al - Qaida .
But Al - Qaida barely exists .
Its handful of members long ago decamped to Pakistan .
This war is really about oil pipeline routes and Western domination of the energy - rich Caspian Basin .
And of course pressure on Obama from the right that the US cannot afford to lose a second war under his command .
Afghanistan ’s Pashtun tribes , who make up 55 % of the population , remain excluded from power .
Afghanistan is a three - legged ethnic stool .
Take away the Pashtun leg and stability is impossible .
There will be neither peace nor stability in Afghanistan until the Pashtun majority is enfranchised .
This means dealing directly with Taliban , which is part of the Pashtun people .
The Western powers cannot run Afghanistan by using the minority Tajiks , Uzbeks and smaller number of Shia Hazara .
The solution to this unnecessary war is not more phony elections but a comprehensive peace agreement between ethnic factions that largely restores status quo before the 1979 Soviet invasion .
That means a weak central government in Kabul ( Karzai is ideal for this job ) , and a high degree of autonomy for self - governing Pashtun , Tajik , Uzbek and Hazara regions .
Government should revert to the old " loya jirga " system of tribal sit - downs , where decision are made by consensus , often after lengthy haggling .
That is the way of the Afghans and of traditional Islamic society .
Afghanistan worked pretty well under this old easygoing system .
In fact , Afghanistan never really had a government in the Western sense .
All foreign soldiers must withdraw .
A diplomatic " cordon sanitaire " should be drawn around Afghanistan ’s borders , returning it to its traditional role as a neutral buffer state .
The powers now stirring the Afghan pot — the US , NATO , India , Iran , Russia , the Communist Central Asian states — must cease meddling .
They have become part of the Afghan problem .
Afghans must be allowed to slowly resolve their differences the traditional Afghan way even if it initially means blood and revenge attacks .
That ’s unavoidable in a land where the code of revenge — " badal " — is sacred .
All Afghans must share future pipeline royalties .
The only way to end the epidemic of drug trading is to shut border crossings to Pakistan and the Central Asian states .
But those nation ’s high officials , corrupted by drug money , will resist .
The US and NATO ca n’t solve Afghanistan ’s social or political problems by continuing to wage a cruel and apparently endless war .
American and NATO soldiers will never be able to change Afghanistan ’s social behavior or end tribal customs that go back thousands of years .
They are too busy defending their own bases from angry Afghans .
A senior British general just warned his troops might have to stay for another 40 years .
He quickly was forced by the government to retract , but the cat was out of the bag .
President Barack Obama is charging full tilt over a cliff in Afghanistan .
Unless he ends this daft misadventure , his grown - up children may see American soldiers still fighting in the badlands of Afghanistan .
The Western powers have added to the bloody mess in Afghanistan .
Time for them to go home .
The Best of Eric S. Margolis
Health care reforms are turning into health care revolts .
Americans are turning up the heat on congressmen in town hall meetings across the U.S .
While watching these political hot August nights , I decided to research the reasons so many are opposed to Obamacare to separate the facts from the fantasy .
What I discovered is that there are indeed dirty little secrets buried deep within the 1,000 - plus page health care bill .
Dirty secret No. 1 in Obamacare is about the government 's coming into homes and usurping parental rights over child care and development .
It 's outlined in sections 440 and 1904 of the House bill ( Page 838 ) , under the heading " home visitation programs for families with young children and families expecting children . "
The programs ( provided via grants to states ) would educate parents on child behavior and parenting skills .
The bill says that the government agents , " well - trained and competent staff , " would " provide parents with knowledge of age - appropriate child development in cognitive , language , social , emotional , and motor domains ... modeling , consulting , and coaching on parenting practices , " and " skills to interact with their child to enhance age - appropriate development . "
Are you kidding me ?!
With whose parental principles and values ?
Their own ?
Certain experts '?
From what field and theory of childhood development ?
As if there are one - size - fits - all parenting techniques !
Do we really believe they would contextualize and personalize every form of parenting in their education , or would they merely universally indoctrinate with their own ?
Are we to assume the state 's mediators would understand every parent 's social or religious core values on parenting ?
Or would they teach some secular - progressive and religiously neutered version of parental values and wisdom ?
And if they were to consult and coach those who expect babies , would they ever decide circumstances to be not beneficial for the children and encourage abortions ?
One government rebuttal is that this program would be " voluntary . "
Is that right ?
Does that imply that this agency would just sit back passively until some parent needing parenting skills said , " I do n't think I 'll call my parents , priest or friends or read a plethora of books , but I 'll go down to the local government offices " ?
To the contrary , the bill points to specific targeted groups and problems , on Page 840 : The state " shall identify and prioritize serving communities that are in high need of such services , especially communities with a high proportion of low - income families . "
Are we further to conclude by those words that low - income families know less about parenting ?
Are middle - and upper - class parents really better parents ?
Less neglectful of their children ?
Less needful of parental help and training ?
Is this " prioritized " training not a biased , discriminatory and even prejudicial stereotype and generalization that has no place in federal government , law or practice ?
Bottom line :
Is all this what you want or expect in a universal health care bill being rushed through Congress ?
Do you want government agents coming into your home and telling you how to parent your children ?
When did government health care turn into government child care ?
Government needs less of a role in running our children 's lives and more of a role in supporting parents ' decisions for their children .
Children belong to their parents , not the government .
And the parents ought to have the right -- and government support -- to parent them without the fed 's mandates , education or intervention in our homes .
Kids are very important to my wife , Gena , and me .
That 's why we 've spent the past 17 years developing our nonprofit KICKSTART program in public schools in Texas .
It builds up their self - esteem and teaches them respect and discipline .
Of course , whether or not they participate in the program is their and their parents ' choice .
How contrary is Obamacare 's home intrusion and indoctrination family services , in which state agents prioritize houses to enter and enforce their universal values and principles upon the hearts and minds of families across America ?
Government 's real motives and rationale are quite simple , though rarely , if ever , stated .
If one wants to control the future ebbs and flows of a country , one must have command over future generations .
That is done by seizing parental and educational power , legislating preferred educational methods and materials , and limiting private educational options .
It is so simple that any socialist can understand it .
As Josef Stalin once stated , " Education is a weapon whose effects depend on who holds it in his hands and at whom it is aimed . "
Before so - called universal health care turns into universal hell care , write or call your representative today and protest his voting Obamacare into law .
Remind him that what is needed in Washington is a truly bipartisan group that is allowed an ample amount of time to work on a compromise health care law that would n't raise taxes ( for anyone ) , regulate personal medical choices , ration health care or restrict American citizens .
A softphone is a piece of software that simulates the functionality of a phone on a computer : it makes phone calls to other computers or phones .
It can also receive calls from other computers or phones .
Not all VoIP service providers are hardware - based like Vonage and AT&T .
Many providers offer VoIP service through the PC , very often starting with PC to PC calls and extending to PC - Phone calls .
Among these , some provide a softphone application along with the service , while others offer the service through their web interface .
Most people using VoIP do so via softphone applications and services , like Skype for example , which is the most popular software - based VoIP service provider .
Below is a list of some of the most common VoIP softphone services and applications :
Yeah , we 're pretty much all peeved by Apple suddenly ejecting all traces of Google Voice from the app store , but now it looks to have drawn the ire of the Federal Communications Commission , as well .
According to a report from , the agency has sent out three letters , one each to Apple , AT&T , and Google .
To the latter company , it asked for a description of the Google Voice app and whether previous Google apps have been approved for the store ( it has , but that 's another interesting story ) .
To Cupertino , it 's asking the phone manufacturer to explain itself over the sudden exorcism and what involvement , if any , AT&T had in this decision .
The report does n't make a direct indication of what the letter to the carrier said , but we can imagine it 's similar to what Apple got , plus some doodles at the end of a stick figure letting out an exasperated sigh .
In a statement today , FCC Chairman Julius Genachowski said it " has a mission to foster a competitive wireless marketplace , protect and empower consumers , and promote innovation and investment . "
Hey Julius , while you 're at it , can you see about Skype and Slingbox for us , too ?
Thanks .
has published the three letters sent out , all very interesting reads .
The FCC asks Apple specifically if any approved VoIP apps are allowed to be used over AT&T's 3G network , and more generally what are the " standards for considering and approving iPhone applications " and more details into the approval process .
It also asks for the contact information of all developers of rejected Google Voice apps , presumably for further investigation .
In the Google letter , it seems to be asking if Voice will be able to be utilized in any capacity over the web , without inclusion in the iTunes store .
Unsurprisingly , a number of questions to Apple and AT&T concern the carrier 's involvement in which apps or types of apps get rejected .
All companies have until August 21st to respond and can request confidentiality on all or portions of their response .
AT&T spokesman Brad Mays has sent us a statement denying any involvement in the app store process : " AT&T does not manage or approve applications for the App Store .
We have received the letter and will , of course , respond to it , " he says .
That said , its involvement in Slingbox 's rejection certainly does raise some eyebrows here .
Wolfram|Alpha introduces many new methods for understanding linguistic inputs .
Those methods allow you and others around the world to ask it questions in natural ways .
In this video , a developer working on Wolfram| Alpha ’s linguistics shares a bit about her role in building and improving the system ’s understanding to help you get the answers you ’re looking for .
You can watch more interviews with Wolfram| Alpha team members here .
This is personal for me .
As a business owner I receive several shipments a week from UPS , and I 've been badgering them relentlessly by email , giving them a deadline of September 1st before I move to FedEx and make my vendors move with me .
It was n't a hollow threat , either , inconvenient as such a move would have been .
I 've never been part of a successful boycott before !
And now , not only UPS but a total of 33 companies have joined the boycott , including Clorox , CVS , and Sprint .
While the UPS move is " temporary , " UPS is still the first company to remove their advertising from Fox News altogether , instead of just directing that ads be placed in other advertising slots .
I 've never watched Glenn Beck myself ( shudder ) but I understand that the UPS logo is shown introducing his show .
The fallout from advertisers may well spill over into other controversial cable news shows .
The shows present a dilemma for advertisers , who usually like a " safe " environment for their messages .
The Olbermanns , Hannitys , O'Reillys , Maddows and Becks of the TV world are more likely to say something that will anger a viewer , who might take it out on sponsors .
They also host the most - watched programs on their networks .
" This is a good illustration of that conundrum , " said Rich Hallabran , spokesman for UPS Stores
UPDATE : Here is a copy of the email I sent to UPS after initially receiving a form letter from their representative , Dora .
I included several You Tube clips , including the poisoning of Nancy Pelosi :
Embroidery tattoo
Tattoos take many shapes and forms .
Glitch - Vixen posted pictures of her unique tribute tattoo on her flickr account recently .
The girl used an embroidery that her grandmother made as the design for her back tattoo .
( Pics )
The picture - like tattoo runs across the bottom of the girl ’s back and is both gorgeous and a heart - felt creation .
The ink artist of this embroidery tattoo needs to be commended on the beautiful art work he or she has done .
If only all tattoos had a symbolic meaning such as this behind them .
.
Click Here !
Via Trendhunter
JARED DIAMOND , a researcher at UCLA , has been doing fieldwork in New Guinea for over 25 years .
New Guinea is home to some of the last hunter - gatherers in the world .
A long time ago , one of his New Guinea friends asked Diamond why white people had so much and New Guineans had so little .
That 's an obvious question , but Jared was surprised to realize he did n't know the answer .
In fact , he did n't know of anyone who knew the answer .
When Europeans were busy conquering the Americas and Australia and New Zealand and parts of Asia and Africa , the obvious answer was that white people were superior .
Either they were genetically superior , or their culture was superior .
They were smarter or more capable .
That explanation is clearly bad , but a good one has failed to take its place .
Why did Europeans conquer the world ?
Why , when Europeans came into contact with other places in the world , did they almost always conquer ?
Jared Diamond had spent enough time with the New Guineans , living among them , to know that they were intelligent and resourceful people  in Diamond 's opinion , more intelligent and resourceful than people living in modern societies , both because of natural selection ( unintelligent and unresourceful people do n't live long in the New Guinea wilds ) and because the New Guinea environment is so difficult , and the death rate is so high , that they must smarten up as they grow up , or they do n't make it to adulthood .
But if they are so smart , why had n't they invented guns ?
Why had n't they forged steel ?
Why were they so outmatched when Europeans landed on their island ?
Diamond decided to find out why .
And the way he started was a stroke of genius .
He decided to go back to a time in history when all humans were equal .
About 13,000 years ago all humans on the planet were hunter - gatherers .
No group had much more than any other group .
There were no civilizations , no cities , no rich people .
They all had pretty much the same technology .
Then what happened ?
The first thing that changed was the domestication of animals and plants .
Agriculture .
That is the beginning of global inequality because agriculture was n't invented everywhere at the same time .
Some places started earlier than others .
The first place people started farming and tending animals was in the Fertile Crescent in the Middle East near present - day Syria , Jordan , and Iraq .
Agriculture was invented in other parts of the globe much later .
The people on the Eurasian continent got a huge head start .
They started farming 2000 years , 4000 years , and in some cases 6000 years earlier than other places !
Now the question is again , why ?
Were people on other continents not as bright ?
Why did n't they start farming earlier ?
The answer is that in order for a people to settle down to agriculture , they need a complex combination of factors , and those factors happened to arise first in the Fertile Crescent , by the pure luck of geography .
Those people happened to be living in the right place at the right time .
what it takes to start agriculture
Some groups of hunter - gatherers in New Guinea are semi-farmers .
They cultivate banana trees .
But the semi - farmers do n't stay put .
They have n't settled down and built cities .
They do n't live permanently in the area because their farming has never allowed them to .
They have to keep moving .
They come back a couple of times in the year , once to pull weeds , and once to actually harvest the bananas , but they have to keep moving in order to get enough to eat .
Why ?
The reason is simple :
You can't store bananas .
To settle down permanently , finding a food source you can farm is n't enough .
It has to be the right kind of food source .
The food source has to be something you can store , and it has to contain some protein .
Bananas have very little protein .
People can't live on it .
They have to eat other things .
It turns out that in the Fertile Crescent , wheat grew wild .
It lent itself to domestication in many ways , and because the growing season was so short in that area , the seeds were rather large and had evolved to remain dormant for a long time .
In other words , here was a food you could store for a long time and it would n't rot .
It also is pretty high in protein .
Jared Diamond and many others have scoured the globe for other potential plants that could fulfill the same requirements .
They are very rare .
Not only that , but even a storable plant seed was n't enough to switch from hunter - gatherers to farmers .
They also needed an animal .
They needed a good source of protein .
People do n't survive very well eating only grain , so wheat was not enough .
And again , just by luck , in the Fertile Crescent , there was an animal that could be domesticated , and again , that was n't true in most other parts of the world .
Wherever farming has taken hold around the world , the farmers had at least one domesticated animal to provide protein , at least one storable source of carbohydrates , and a legume ( peas , lentils , beans , etc. ) .
Legumes are also storable .
They dry hard and do n't rot readily .
And they are higher in protein than grains , so they can be used as a protein supplement if animal protein becomes scarce .
With enough sustainable food like this , people could stop roaming , and form villages .
There are very few places in the world where a domesticatable animal , plus a storable carbohydrate , plus a legume all exist in the same place .
Can you see why it is not enough just to have one of these items ?
If all you had was one , it would n't be enough food to sustain you .
There are places in the world where a grain grows .
But farming did n't start and people did n't settle down because that is n't enough .
To have a sustainable and complete agriculture , you need the combination , and it was rare .
But it was available first in the Fertile Crescent , and it allowed people to settle down into villages .
That was the beginning .
It does n't seem like much , but agriculture brought into existence a whole chain of effects that allowed farmers to advance their technology far beyond hunter - gatherers .
the chain of effects
Here 's what happened : People settled down .
They had a more reliable source of food throughout the year ( because it was storable ) , so they had more kids .
A hunter - gatherer woman only gives birth every five years or so because hunter - gatherers move around a lot and until a child can walk on his own at a pretty good pace , the mother cannot afford to have another child .
But once people settle down into a village with a steady supply of food , they start having children at a rate close to one per year .
So the population of farmers grew faster than hunter - gatherers , allowing the farmers to outnumber and defeat hunter - gatherers in war .
Also , because settled farmers are settled , they can have more possessions , like tools and weapons .
Hunter - gatherers had to carry their stuff with them , so they were limited in how many possessions they could accumulate .
This has a long - term , limiting influence on the development of new technologies because often new inventions are built on previous inventions .
As farming techniques improved , farmers had more food excess to store , so some people no longer had to do the work of producing food .
Specialists could then develop .
Tool makers .
Weapons makers .
And because they were specialized and spent more time on their craft , they invented more .
Technology improved faster .
So farmers had better weapons and greater numbers and could defeat hunter - gatherers even more effectively .
Another very important factor is :
The more people you have together , the more ideas they exchange .
The process of innovation began to accelerate when people settled down into towns and cities .
Hunter - gatherers hardly changed at all .
They were relatively isolated , relatively small groups of people who did n't have the time or incentive to invent new technologies , and they could n't carry much with them anyway , so their technologies remained relatively unchanged for thousands of years .
the importance of latitude
One important advantage the Eurasians had was a large piece of land stretching across the same latitude .
Look at an atlas and find the Fertile Crescent .
See how far land stretches in both directions on that latitude .
It is enormous .
So the combination of the domesticated plants and animals  the self - reliant , self - sustaining , and complete agricultural package  could ( and did ) spread east to Asia and west to Europe .
To add to the advantage , that encouraged a constant interchange between these far - flung places , which also accelerated the pace of invention .
In the Americas , Australia , and Africa , the spreading was much more limited along the same latitude .
The reason latitude is important is that if you go east or west at the same latitude , you have similar lengths of day , somewhat similar climate and weather , which means plants and animals that survive well at one spot are more likely to survive well east or west of there , but not usually north or south of that spot .
Added to that , there were significant barriers to traveling north and south in Africa and the Americas .
Huge deserts and impenetrable forests prevented one area from having much contact with other areas .
So , for example , in Mesoamerica , they had invented the wheel .
Down in South America , they had domesticated llamas .
The people in Mesoamerica never got the llamas and the South Americans never got the wheel .
Had both civilizations lived on the same latitude , it is likely both would have used the wheel and the llama .
So the width of the Eurasian continent is a huge factor in the acceleration of technology .
But there was another factor that gave the Europeans a back - breaking advantage when they encountered Native Americans and Africans ( and Hawaiians and Australian Aborigines , etc. ) .
Whenever Europeans in the Age of Discovery encountered anyone from any other continent , they brought disease .
why did n't diseases go both ways ?
Why is it that when Europeans landed on the shores of the Americas that the Native Americans were devastated by so many diseases brought by the Europeans ?
And why did n't the Native Americans have their own diseases to give to the white man ?
Why did Europeans have such a huge collection of deadly diseases that they had a resistance to , but the Native Americans did n't have very many diseases that Europeans had no resistance to ?
Interesting question , is n't it ?
The answer is that most of our diseases  smallpox , measles , tuberculosis , flu , etc.  originally came from the animals Europeans had domesticated .
Here 's how it works :
First , an animal has a microbe that infects it , say cowpox ( an actual case ) .
Because humans are hanging around cows a lot , some of the microbes jump to the humans , but generally speaking , they can't survive .
But a little random mutation here and there and all of a sudden smallpox comes into existence and wipes out huge portions of the European population .
It mutated to become a human disease .
This happened again and again .
Plague after plague swept through Europe over the centuries , killing off everyone who did n't have some resistance to it .
Native Americans had n't domesticated very many animals .
They did n't have cows , horses , pigs , chickens , goats , sheep , geese , oxen , donkeys , etc .
But Europeans had all these any many more .
That 's
why the disease exchange was so one - sided .
Disease did far more to create an imbalance between Europeans and Native Americans than all the other factors put together .
buy why not the Chinese ?
So far , this explains why people on the Eurasian continent dominated people on other continents .
But the Eurasian continent is very wide .
Why was n't it the people from the Middle East or China who did the conquering ?
Why was it Europeans ?
The Middle East is too dry for intensive farming now .
Most of the forests have been cut down and did n't grow back .
The place is like a desert these days , which was not the case 13,000 years ago when agriculture was just getting started .
So their ability to survive well , much less produce surplus food , diminished over time .
At the time Europe began its Age of Discovery , around 1500 AD , the Middle East was agriculturally past its prime and not in a position to compete .
China , on the other hand , could have been a potential rival for world exploration and dominance around 1500 , but right about that time , the ruler of China decided to dismantle all the shipyards in China !
No more exploration by sea , he said .
One of the things that prevented China from being the people who conquered the other continents , in other words , was China 's unity .
A single ruler could decide the fortunes of the whole region .
Not so in Europe .
Europe has lots of natural barriers :
It is divided by water and mountains and lots of jutting landmasses .
So Europe has been continually divided into states .
In the 1500's , those states were all competing with each other .
Even if you had a ruler or two who did n't want to explore the world , you would have other rulers who would , and they would become rich and essentially force the other states to jump in or fall behind ( or even be conquered ) .
this is the answer to the question
Our original question was , why did Europeans conquer the world ?
The answer is , because they happened to live on the Eurasian continent , so they were lucky enough to start agriculture earlier than any other place on earth .
Just by luck , they were at the right latitude with the right combination of available animals and plants that could be domesticated .
And with a head start of thousands of years , their technology was more advanced .
And because of their close association with their domesticated animals , they carried many diseases to which they had resistance but people from other continents did not .
Because of their head start , Europeans possessed guns , germs , and steel and they conquered the world with them .
Much of the global inequality seen today comes from this original source .
Wedding guests pinned 9,999 silk roses to the 2,162m - long dress
A Chinese bride has attempted to break the world record for the longest wedding dress by walking down the aisle in a 2,162 m - long ( 7,083 ft ) gown .
Lin Rong 's dress was made for her by her husband - to - be , Zhao Peng , and his family in eastern Jilin province .
It took their 200 wedding guests three hours to unroll the fabric and decorate the train with 9,999 silk roses .
Mr Zhao 's mother said she knew her son was trying to express his love , but she thought the dress was a waste of money .
" I do not want a cliche wedding parade or banquet , " China 's Xinhua news agency quoted Mr Zhao as saying .
So instead , he decided he would use his nuptials to challenge the current wedding dress world record of 1,579 m ( 5,180 ft ) , set in the Romanian capital , Bucharest , on 1 April 2009 .
Mr Zhao enlisted most of his family to pitch in with his idea , bringing materials , choosing patterns , making silk roses and stitching on jewels on the day , Xinhua said .
His aunt , who conveniently is a dressmaker , had agreed to make the design .
Romantic gesture And Mr Zhao 's feat did not end once he had tied the knot .
After the event , he cut the dress down to 1,984.1022 m , to represent his bride 's date of birth , and added 608 crystals , one for every day they had dated .
Mr Zhao said he had submitted his attempt to Guinness World Records in London and would also be sending video footage .
" Both the length of the dress and the number of silk roses pinned on the wedding dress can make history , " he said , but added that it did not matter to him whether he was successful or not .
The whole effort cost Mr Zhao about 40,000 yuan ( $ 5,800 ; £ 3,470 ) , but his schoolteacher bride was reported to have " laughed and cried at the romantic gesture " .
Mr Zhao 's mother appeared less impressed .
" It is a waste of money in my opinion , " she told Xinhua .
" Though I understand that he wants to show his love on the big day . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
I feel it ’s an outright attack on Christianity .
I feel like the language of it is inflammatory .
Have you ever felt very strongly about something , acted on your feelings , and then turned out to be completely wrong ?
Yeah , me too .
Whether it was that relationship you stayed in longer than you should have out of love or the gadget you bought because it seemed so exciting at the time , I think we can all relate to this experience .
Clearly , our feelings , beliefs , and the like can ( and often do ) lead us astray .
Most of us know this and try to take various precautions .
For example , one of the things I 've learned to do to prevent impulse buys is to force myself to wait a week before buying a big - ticket item .
But what about those who are not able to distinguish between their feelings and reality ?
In a recent post at Cubik 's Rube , we encounter those objecting to an atheist ad that reads simply , " You can be good without God . "
It is easy to imagine that many religious people would disagree with such a statement .
It is equally easy to imagine that some opponents of free expression might oppose the right of an atheist group to publicly display such a message .
What is not at all easy to understand are those who insist that such a message is offensive .
And yet , we will find the answer to this puzzle in their inability to distinguish feelings from reality .
Confronted with such an ad , some Christians claim , Okay .
One can certainly feel this way , but that does not make it so .
Here 's the thing , religious people , feeling a certain way or believing something does not make it true , real , or accurate .
Just as belief does not equal truth , feelings do not equal truth .
The statement above indicates only that the speaker feels a certain way .
It has no bearing whatsoever on the reality of what the message of the billboard does or does not contain .
If you choose to interpret billboard as an attack on Christianity , you may certainly do so .
But your doing so does not change what the billboard actually says ; it merely reveals something about you .
Yes , I believe you when you say that you feel this way .
But the fact that you feel this way does not mean that the language is in fact inflammatory .
It merely means that you are interpreting it this way .
Most educated adults understand how this works , and this includes most religious adults .
Unfortunately , many of them seem all too willing to forget or willfully disregard it in matters of their preferred religion .
Shooters like * Gears of War * could be considered great role - playing games , says the co-founder of RPG developer BioWare .
Hmm , where have I heard that before ?
Oh , right :
Not two days ago , Epic 's Cliff Bleszinski said that " the future of shooters is RPGs . "
Speaking to Wired.com before the publication of that interview , BioWare 's Ray Muzyka articulated similar sentiments , pointing out that many other game genres have lifted the " key pillars " of role - playing games .
" Genres are almost a vestige of the past , " said Muzyka .
" In a way , a lot of the best shooters are RPGs as well , because they allow you to have progression , exploration , combat or conflict , and a story . "
Those key attributes of RPGs , he said , are valuable for " any kind of game . "
As the leader of Electronic Arts ' role - playing game division , Muzyka is to RPGs what Bleszinski and his company are to shooters .
It 's telling that leaders in the creation of these two seemingly disparate types of games are reaching the same conclusion .
Muzyka , speaking to press last month after a demo of the company 's upcoming game Dragon Age : Origins , said that he considers the definition of RPG to be " broad . "
" The possibility space is almost limitless , " he said .
" I see games like Grand Theft Auto headed in the same direction . "
Just as action games are incorporating more narrative elements , so is BioWare looking to incorporate game mechanics into its RPGs that will make them more accessible to a wider swath of gamers , he says .
For example , in Dragon Age , you 'll be able to play the game by just controlling your main character , letting the other three people in your party operate on auto - pilot , he said .
All game designers are " trying to solve for the same things – allow players to be explorers , progress their characters , have conflict , story , narrative , social interaction … those are fun pillars of gameplay that everyone wants to solve , " he said .
Do n't worry :
Halo is n't going to turn into Final Fantasy , or vice versa , anytime soon .
But as games get more realistic , developers have almost been forced to add in features that , 10 or 20 years ago , would have been the exclusive domain of other genres .
No one noticed that the sprite - based characters in the 8 - bit shooter Contra did n't talk to each other , but how jarring would it have been if Gears of War 's lifelike leading men never said a word ?
After all , shooters and RPGs are simulating the same thing – fighting .
But historically , they 've simulated vastly different slices of the experience : the action of combat in one case , the development and story of warfare in the other .
Gamers might have developed a taste for one or the other , but when contemporary technology allows games to do both , the separation seems more and more arbitrary .
If the inevitable future of games is something like the Holodeck – where you can experience anything you like , in whatever configuration you choose – then is n't the idea of " genre " in a piece of gaming software ultimately doomed , on a long enough timeline ?
For the time being , there are still players who want shooters and players who want RPGs , because they prefer the particularities of each genre .
And Muzyka acknowledges that other side of the argument ; there are still gamers , he says , that say " Oh , I want to buy a great RPG , because there 's a sort of feel that you get when you buy an RPG , or a shooter , or a ( real - time strategy ) game . "
But with Bleszinski suggesting that his comments on RPGs should give us a clue as to the next game in the Gears series , it 's clear that genre lines , so distinct in an earlier age , are becoming more and more blurred .
See Also :
Prime Minister Kevin Rudd has confirmed the nine Australians on board a plane which crashed in Papua New Guinea have been killed .
The Australians were among 13 people on board the light plane which went down near the Kokoda Track yesterday .
Speaking in Parliament , Mr Rudd also confirmed that two of those killed were a father and daughter .
" There is a horrible tragedy involved when families send off their loved ones for what they expect to be an experience of a lifetime only for it to turn into a tragedy , " he said .
All eight families of the people killed have been informed of their deaths by Australian officials .
Opposition Leader Malcolm Turnbull also expressed his sympathy for the families of those who died .
He reflected on the loss of his own father in a plane crash during bad weather in mountainous country .
" The Opposition shares with the Prime Minister the very great sadness from this accident , " he said .
Mr Turnbull says he understands the anguish of those families who have lost love ones .
Four investigators from the Australian Transport Safety Bureau ( ATSB ) will leave Australia this afternoon to assist local authorities .
Wreckage found
A rescue helicopter found the wreckage of the Airlines PNG Twin Otter in rough terrain in the shadow of the Owen Stanley Range earlier this morning .
Earlier , the head of Papua New Guinea 's Civil Aviation Authority , Joseph Kintau , said there had been no sign of activity at the crash site .
" At this point in time there 's no activity at the crash site , no movements , " he said .
" We will be fearing for the worst at this point in time .
We 'll have to get the report from the team that 's been dispatched . "
Mr Kintau said rescuers would try to reach the wreckage as soon as possible .
The Australians were eight tourists from Victoria and Queensland and a tour guide working for Melbourne - based tour operator No Roads Expeditions .
All were on their way to walk the Kokoda Track .
This morning Foreign Minister Stephen Smith confirmed that wreckage had been located north of the village of Isurava at an altitude of about 5,500 feet ( 1,700 metres ) .
" Consular officers have contacted all of the families of the nine Australians on the flight and in the last hour have advised them that a crash site has been located , " he said .
He said PNG police officers had been dropped off near the site and were attempting to reach it on foot .
An Australian Defence Force Sea King helicopter with more PNG police and an Australian doctor were also due at the crash site .
Victims
One of the Australian victims has been named as Bendigo man Peter Holliday .
His mother Liz Holliday told ABC Radio that her son planned to walk the Kokoda Track with his cousin , in honour of his grandfather who served in World War II .
Authorities believe at least three of the Australian victims were from Gippsland in Victoria .
Moe resident Euan Comrie , Hazlewood North farmer Max Cranwell , and his daughter Leanne were flying from Port Moresby to the start of the Kokoda Trail .
Mr Comrie was the chairman of the Moartz Theatre and has been described as a talented actor and theatre director .
Mr Cranwell was a dairy farmer and life member of the Hazelwood North CFA brigade .
The plane was also carrying two people from Queensland 's Sunshine Coast .
They were named as Keith Gracie and June Canavan , a sports medicine doctor from Queensland 's Sunshine Coast who was setting out to walk the Kokoda Track to raise money for a school in Tanzania .
Another one of the victims , Matthew Leonard , 28 , worked as a fireman in Victoria .
Mr Leonard was the son of Western Australian Police Inspector Bill Leonard .
The other people on board included three from Papua New Guinea and a Japanese national .
No Road Expeditions - the company the Australians were due to walk the Kokoda Track with - says it is working to support the family and friends of those on board the plane .
" In conjunction with the Department of Foreign Affairs , we are doing everything we can to support the families of those Australians who were on board the flight , and the family of our expedition guide , " managing director Peter Miller said in a statement .
" This is an incredibly difficult time for those affected by this situation and for us .
Our guides are like an extended family , and our groups become friends as they travel together , so this has deeply affected us and our travelling community . "
Stephen Lawrence was killed in Eltham , south east London , in 1993 Racial discrimination still exists in the police , 10 years after a report described Britain 's biggest force as institutionally racist , MPs have said .
While there has been some progress , black people are still more likely to be stopped and searched , according to the Home Affairs committee .
Chairman Keith Vaz warned of damage to community relations .
But the Association of Chief Police Officers said forces had " worked hard " to counter accusations of racism .
The committee looked at recommendations made by Sir William MacPherson following his 1999 inquiry into a Metropolitan police investigation of the murder of black teenager Stephen Lawrence .
We are particularly concerned at the discrimination which apparently persists within the force
Keith Vaz MP
Sir William 's conclusion that the force was " institutionally racist " led to 70 recommendations to counter discrimination within the police service .
MPs said while forces had met 67 out of the 70 anti-discrimination targets , they still failed to employ 7 % of officers from ethnic minorities - roughly in proportion to the composition of the UK 's population .
Mr Vaz said evidence suggested officers from these communities struggled to attain promotion and were more likely to be subject to disciplinary action .
" We are also particularly concerned at the discrimination which apparently persists within the force , in recruitment and promotion of black and minority ethnic officers , " he added .
" The police service must now focus its efforts on tackling these issues within its own workforce . "
Police undermined
The report concluded a disproportionate number of black and Asian people also had their profiles held on the police DNA database .
Mr Vaz said : " While there is such blatantly disproportionate representation of particularly black people in the criminal justice system ... there will continue to be damage to community relations which in turn undermines police work . "
Keith Bristow , of Acpo , told the BBC that attitudes within the police reflected those of wider society , where " of course there are some people that have racist views , the same as there are some people who have views about women " .
" But I 'd say as a service we have worked as hard if not harder than anyone else to make sure that we have the most balanced , fair and ethical workforce possible . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
By sitting there and getting ran over by motorcars , that is .
In an effort to best other power - generating highway options that involve solar panels and enlarged blender arms , Britain 's Environmental Transport Association is looking to test a prototype highway that 's embedded with piezoelectric crystals .
Essentially , the process would work much like the power - generating Tokyo station floors we saw earlier this week ; each car that squishes a crystal would contribute a tiny bit of energy , and the collective effect could be enormous .
In fact , it 's estimated that a single kilometer of roadway could generate 400 - kilowatts of energy , or enough to power around eight small cars .
And we 're no rocket scientists ( nor physicists ) , but we 're assuming these whiz kids already made sure these magic crystals were n't friction - generating , too .
Right ?
After being kicked out of his rock band , guitarist Dewey Finn faces a mountain of debts and depression .
He shares an apartment with an old band member , Ned Schneebly , who is now a substitute teacher .
Dewey accepts a job as a substitute teacher at a snobbish private elementary school where his attitude and hijinx have a powerful result on his students .
He learns they are talented young musicians , and he decides to form a rock band with them to win the $ 10,000 prize money in a local band contest .
Once Dewey wins a competition called " Battle of the Bands " , the prize money would solve his financial problems and put him back in the rock music spotlight .
Written by Steve Shedloski
BEIRUT --
In Beirut , you do n't hail a cab , it hails you , with a raucous honk .
The city 's ubiquitous , banged - up Mercedes - Benz taxis -- with their hissing engines , torn upholstery and smoking drivers -- are icons in Lebanon .
But these days the city 's transport staple is facing some serious competition from a growing army of female taxi drivers , dressed in stiff - collared white shirts , dark shades , pink ties and small pink flowers tucked into their flawlessly coiffed hair .
All ...
The UN Security Council has announced a major tactical shift in the war against Somali pirates today .
Highly - trained special ops teams will be deployed deep into the war - torn territory , where armed with projectors and pull - down movie screens they will show a new version of the classic anti-piracy film that British movie fans have sat through at the beginning of every commercially produced DVD for years .
The UN believes that the film ’s hard - hitting message will resonate with the pirates , causing them to hang up their weapons and scupper their boats .
‘ Villagers from Mogadishu to Puntland will be confronted with the stark question posed by this film ’ asserts US Rear Admiral Terry McKnight , head of the anti-piracy task force .
‘ You would n’t steal a car , ’ says the sombre voice - over on the hard - hitting information film .
‘ You would n’t steal a handbag .
You would n’t steal a mobile phone .
You would n’t hijack a massive container ship and hold it to ransom for millions of dollars ’ it concludes .
‘ Piracy is stealing ’.
One Somali warlord admitted to being completely swayed by the no-nonsense message of the film .
‘ I ’d always just thought that boarding oil tankers with machine guns and machetes was one of those legal grey areas , like home - taping or not wearing your seat belt in the back of the car .
But now I ’ve seen this video I ’ll definitely think again . ’
Another was equally distraught to be told that once on board an illegally seized supertanker , it was also wrong to use the ship ’s computer and satellite equipment to download their favourite Amy Winehouse tracks from Limewire .
Now that the message is finally getting across , the UN are confident that the piracy problem will soon be a thing of the past .
‘ Just look at the effect the film had on the illegal DVD market in the UK – you can imagine how the hardliners in Somalia will react !’
A study depicting the stylistic diversity found in Parisian graffiti tags .
Now on display at Fondation Cartier ’s Born In The Streets – Graffiti exhibition until November 29 , 2009 .
Over 2,400 graffiti tags were photographed from April 24 to April 28 , 2009 , from each of Paris ’s 20 districts .
All photographs were archived , tagged and sorted by letter .
The ten most commonly used letters by Paris graffiti writers were identified for further study ( A , E , I , K , N , O , R , S , T and U ) .
From each letter grouping , eighteen tags were isolated to represent the diversity and range of that specific character .
These sets are not intended to display the “ best ” graffiti tags in Paris , but rather aim to highlight the diversity of forms ranging from upper case to lowercase , simple to complex and legible to cryptic .
For more information go here .
Facade :
More photos can be viewed here
Print :
AEIOU – Official poster for the exhibition .
Web :
( Photo yanked from vanderlin )
New interactive version of Graffiti Taxonomy up at : fondation.cartier.com
Graffiti Taxonomy : Paris , 2009 was made possible by the production and design consulting contributions of Robert F. Houlihan , programming and interactivity of Todd Vanderlin , the invitation and support of everyone at Fondation Cartier and the inspiring work of the hundreds of graffiti writers in Paris who ’s work I photographed .
Updated 2009 - 08-09 ( originally posted 2009 - 06 - 30 ) — CouchDB — 6 min read
CouchDB is a document - oriented database .
It has no rows or tables .
Instead CouchDB is a collection of JSON documents .
It uses a map - reduce pattern to index data .
Queries in CouchDB pull data from what are essentially stored procedures called views .
A view is made up of a map function and optionally a reduce function .
Ninety percent of the time all you need is the map function , so I will focus on map - only views here .
A map function is a JavaScript function that takes a single document as an argument and emits any number of key / value pairs .
Both the key and the value can be any JSON value you choose .
The map function is run on every document in the database individually and the emitted key / value pairs are used to construct an index of your data .
A Simple Example
Imagine you have a database with user records and you want a view of those records using the last name of each user as keys .
The above map function will produce and index something like the one below .
Because doc is used as a value for each entry the entire content of each JSON document will be accessible as the indexed values .
Notice that the map function checks each document for a last_name attribute before emitting a key / value pair .
There may be documents in the database that are not user records .
By performing that check the view excludes any non-user - record documents from the resulting index .
If you include the couch .js library in a web page you can create client - side queries to pull data from CouchDB over HTTP .
The function below will fetch all of the user records from your database by returning the value of each key / value pair emitted by the view above .
Map functions operate on one document at a time and cannot access data from other documents .
The advantage of this is that the functions can process data in any order and can run on any piece of a data set independent of the rest of the set .
CouchDB builds static indexes from the output of view map functions so that queries against those views will run quickly .
When any documents change CouchDB can incrementally rebuild the indexes for just those documents without having to rebuild entire indexes from scratch .
The CouchDB design gets you great performance on large data sets .
But it means that you cannot pass dynamic parameters to your map function when you run a query .
You cannot ask for it to emit only user records with a given last name unless you want to maintain a special view for that particular last name .
In most cases it is not practical to build separate views for every query that you might want to run someday .
So what you can do is to run a query against the general purpose view above and request only key / value pairs that match a particular key .
This client code creates a query that requests data from the last_names view with a key parameter .
CouchDB will only send back key / value pairs with keys that match the key parameter .
In this case the query will return all user records with last names matching the last_name argument .
In a more advanced case you may want to take the first few letters of a last name and look up user records that match .
Data returned by a query is always sorted by key .
In the case where the keys are strings the sorting will be lexicographic .
The startkey and endkey parameters restrict the results of the query to key / value pairs that fall in the given range according to CouchDB 's sort order .
When the above function is given the query string " Ha " , it will fetch documents with keys sorted after " Ha " lexicographically , e.g. " Hallett " , " Hathaway " , and " Hazzold " .
The endkey is created by appending " \u9999 " to the startkey .
" \u9999 " is a unicode character that comes after most other characters in lexicographic order and that is unlikely to appear in a data set .
Effectively the string " Ha\u9999 " sorts after every other string that begins with " Ha " , but before any string that starts with " Hb " .
Note that CouchDB uses the Unicode Collation Algorithm to sort strings .
Sorting comes out differently than you may be used to if your are accustomed to the ASCII way .
UCA collation is intended to mimic the order of strings you would see in a dictionary .
For example , two strings that differ only in case will appear together in sorted order .
The lower - case string will appear immediately before the upper -case string .
So if you force your startkey to lower - case and your endkey to upper - case you will get case - insensitive matches .
See the CouchDB wiki for more details .
Search by Keyword
Indexing text content can be a hard problem because you need a large index if you want to query data by arbitrary keywords or substrings .
Fortunately CouchDB excels at managing large indexes .
Here is a map function that creates an index of all the words that appear in the text field of every document in a database .
The code splits text on word boundaries stripping out non-alphanumeric characters .
It runs the resulting list of tokens through a unique filter so that only one index key is produced for each word in the text of a single document .
This is an example of a view that emits more than one key / value pair for each document .
The values in each pair are the same for the same document .
But a different key is recorded for each word in the document 's text attribute .
The index that would be created by this view for a document with the text " Live long and prosper " is below .
To look up documents that contain a given keyword you just need to create a query with that keyword as the key parameter .
But what if you want to look for documents that contain a list of keywords ?
You could create index keys for every combination of words in each document .
But that index would grow exponentially and might get to be unreasonably large .
A better way might be to pick one keyword to perform your query and then to use client code to select the documents that match all of the keywords out of the results returned by CouchDB .
When you want more dynamic data processing than you can get with pure - Couch DB views , some client - side processing can make up the difference nicely .
From a perspective of deploying applications leveraging your users ' CPU cycles for data processing can really help getting your application to scale .
There is another approach to full text search documented on the CouchDB wiki .
Search by Substring
Maybe keyword search is n't good enough .
Maybe you need to be able to search for occurrences of any substring in a data set .
For each document , this map function emits a key / value pair for every possible substring that runs to the end of the document 's text .
The idea is that the beginning of any substring in the data set can be lined up with the beginning of one of these keys .
Here is an example of the index created for a document with the text " Hello , world ! " :
The substring that you want to search for can begin at any character within some document 's text .
It may or may not run until the end of that document 's text field .
We have an index with the beginning characters for every possible substring .
So we can create a query that asks for a key range that encompasses both the given substring and a substring that runs all the way to the end of the document text .
CouchDB does not just sort data when responding to queries .
In its internal representation indexes are always sorted by key .
So a query with a key range targets a contiguous block of data from the database .
Because of that CouchDB can serve up a key range very efficiently .
Just as with the keyword search , if you want to search for documents that match a list of substrings then get the matches for one of the substrings from CouchDB and use client code to select results that contain all of the rest of the given substrings .
If the text of your documents tends to be very long you can avoid a lot of really long keys by limiting the lengths of substring keys in your view .
In that case make sure to truncate the key parameters in your queries so that they are not longer than the index keys .
Appendix : Helper Function Definitions
Some of the functions that I used in the examples above are not built into JavaScript or couch.js .
Here are definitions of those functions for reference .
Given an attribute name , dot returns a function that when given an object returns the value of the specified attribute .
This function is used in examples above to get the value attributes of rows fetched by CouchDB queries .
map is an Array method that given a function that takes a single argument returns a new array formed by applying the given function to every element of the original array in turn .
reduce is an Array method that given an initial value and a function that takes two arguments returns a single value produced by applying the given function to every element of the array in turn with the value from the previous function invocation and returning the last result .
select is an Array method that given a test function returns a new array made up of only elements in the original array that pass the test .
uniq is an Array method that returns a new array with any duplicate values from the original array removed .
Before buying a knife , you need to analyze your options and see which one is the best choice .
We give you a hand with this article that presents the particularities of ceramic and steel knives to make it easier for you to pick one .
San Francisco Bike Tours
Outdoor Adventure and SF ’s Best Food on Electric Bikes
Explore the best of San Francisco on an awesome electric bike tour .
Experience the Golden Gate Bridge , the city ’s must - see neighborhoods , epic views , essential sights , local hidden gems , famous food culture , and more by bike .
EXPLORE ALL THE OPTIONS
Published online 10 August 2009 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news.2009.803
News
Moon rock can be processed directly to produce oxygen .
Flying oxygen to the Moon is likely to be expensive .
NASA
Scientists in Cambridge , UK , have developed a reactor that can make oxygen from Moon rock — a vital technology if plans to create a lunar base are to take off .
Whether tapping the Moon 's resources or using the satellite as a jump - off point to explore the deeper reaches of space , occupants of any future lunar base will need oxygen to survive .
Ferrying huge amounts of it to the Moon would be extremely expensive — perhaps costing as much as US $ 100 million per tonne according to some estimates — so researchers are examining potentially cheaper ways to produce oxygen on the Moon itself .
NASA has been looking for ways to get oxygen from Moon rock for several years .
In 2005 , as part of its Centennial Challenges programme , the agency offered a US $ 250,000 prize to the first team to come up with a piece of kit that could extract five kilograms of oxygen in eight hours from some simulated Moon rock .
Despite raising the value of the prize pot to $ 1 million in 2008 with the help of the California Space Authority , the prize remains unclaimed .
In addition , the agency 's ongoing In Situ Resource Utilization programme is currently looking at several different technologies for extracting oxygen from Moon rock .
Now , Derek Fray , a materials chemist from the University of Cambridge , UK , and his colleagues have come up with a potential solution by modifying an electrochemical process they invented in 2000 to get metals and alloys from metal oxides1 .
The process uses the oxides — also found in Moon rocks — as a cathode , together with an anode made of carbon .
To get the current flowing through the system , the electrodes sit in an electrolyte solution of molten calcium chloride ( CaCl 2 ) , a common salt with a melting point of almost 800 °C .
Eroding anode
The current strips the metal oxide pellets of oxygen atoms , which are ionized and dissolve in the molten salt .
The negatively charged oxygen ions move through the molten salt to the anode where they give up their extra electrons and react with the carbon to produce carbon dioxide — a process that erodes the anode .
Meanwhile , pure metal is formed over at the cathode .
To make the system produce oxygen and not carbon dioxide , Fray had to make an unreactive anode .
This was crucial : " without those anodes , it does n't work " , says Fray .
He discovered that calcium titanate , which is a poor electrical conductor on its own , became a much better conductor when he added some calcium ruthenate to it .
This mixture produced an anode that barely erodes at all — after running the reactor for 150 hours , Fray calculated that the anode would wear away by roughly three centimetres a year .
Moon rocks could be a source of oxygen for a future lunar base .
NASA
In their tests , Fray and his colleagues used a simulated lunar rock called JSC - 1 , developed by NASA .
Fray anticipates that three reactors , each a metre high , would be enough to generate a tonne of oxygen per year on the Moon .
Three tonnes of rock are needed to produce each tonne of oxygen , and in tests the team saw almost 100 % recovery of oxygen , he says .
Fray presented the results last week at the Congress of the International Union of Pure and Applied Chemistry in Glasgow , UK .
To heat the reactor on the Moon would need just a small amount of power , Fray notes , and the reactor itself can be thermally insulated to lock heat in .
" It wo n't be a problem , " he says .
The three reactors would need about 4.5 kilowatts of power — not much more than that used to heat an immersion heater in a domestic boiler — which could be supplied by solar panels or even a small nuclear reactor placed on the Moon .
With an extra £ 10 million ( US $ 16.5 million ) , Fray says he would be able to develop " a robust prototype " of a bigger reactor that could be operated remotely .
He is currently working with the European Space Agency towards this goal .
Self - assembling
A similar technique for oxygen extraction is being developed by Donald Sadoway at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in Cambridge , Massachusetts , but his process works at a much higher temperature of up to 1600 °C — which means that the Moon rock is molten and can act as the electrolyte itself .
It produces molten metal , including iron , which sinks to the bottom .
Fray says that his process is more efficient because it works at a lower temperature , but Sadoway insists that molten salt electrolysis , as his technique is called , makes up elsewhere for the extra heat it needs .
" In Derek 's process , the molten salt allows him to operate at a much lower temperature , " says Sadoway , " but he still has to consolidate the Moon rock into a solid form . "
This is often difficult because of the fine sandy nature of Moon rock , he says .
ADVERTISEMENT
Sadoway 's reactor could even build itself .
The interior would be Moon regolith — the powdery rubble that forms the Moon 's surface — heated electrically to become molten , and the exterior would be solid regolith that has cooled .
" We form the wall of the reactor by allowing the molten regolith to freeze , " he says , but admits that starting the process is " tricky " .
Sadoway says that with sufficient funding , he could have his system scaled up within two years .
His process has been shortlisted by NASA and is receiving some funding from the agency .
" Once we solve the materials problems at the lab scale we should be able to move quickly , " he says .
Letting users put static files and php files in a public_html folder in their home directory has been a common convention for some time .
I created a way for users to have a public_python folder that will allow for python projects .
In the apache configuration files I created some regular expression patterns that will look for a wsgi file based on the url requested .
To serve this url : http://domain/~user/p/myproject , the server will look for this wsgi file : /home/user/public_python/myproject/deploy/myproject.wsgi
It is set up to run wsgi in daemon mode so that each user can touch their own wsgi file to restart their project instead of needing to reload the apache config and inconvenience everyone .
This is the code I added to the apache configuration ( in a virtual host , other configs might be different ) :
RewriteEngine On RewriteCond % { REQUEST_URI } ^/~ ( \w+ ) /p/ ( \w+ ) / ( .* ) RewriteRule . - [ E=python_project_name :% 2 ] WSGIScriptAliasMatch ^/~ ( \w+ ) /p/ ( \w+ ) / home /$ 1 /public_python /$ 2 /deploy / $ 2 .wsgi WSGIDaemonProcess wsgi_processes . % { ENV : python_project_name } processes= 2 threads= 15 WSGIProcessGroup wsgi_processes . % { ENV : python_project_name } AliasMatch ^/~ ( \w+ ) /p/ ( \w+ ) / files ( .* ) /home /$ 1 /public_python /$ 2 / files $ 3 < LocationMatch ^/~ ( \w+ ) /p/ ( \w+ ) / files ( .* ) > SetHandler none </LocationMatch > AliasMatch ^/~ ( \w+ ) /p/ ( \w+ ) / media ( .* ) /home /$ 1 /public_python /$ 2 /media$ 3 < LocationMatch ^/~ ( \w+ ) /p/ ( \w+ ) / media ( .* ) > SetHandler none </LocationMatch >
This will also serve two directories statically for images , css , and javascript .
For one of them , I always make a symbolic link to the django admin media and tell my settings file to use that .
ln -s / path / to / django / contrib / admin / media media
To use this for a django project
This is a sample wsgi file to use for a django project .
Username and project_name will need to be replaced .
I ’m also adding an apps folder to the path following the style I mention in my reusable apps post .
import os import sys sys .
path = [ ' /home/username/public_python /' , '/home/username/public_python/project_name/apps ' ] + sys .
path from django .
core .
handlers .
wsgi import WSGIHandler os .
environ [ ' DJANGO_SETTINGS_MODULE ' ] = ' project_name.settings ' application = WSGIHandler ( )
I ’ve been using this for a couple weeks and it ’s working great for me .
If you use it , I ’d like to know how it works out for you .
Let me know in the comments .
I use webfaction to host a lot of my django projects .
It has an easy setup that will get you developing quickly and a great community of talented programmers .
There is also a quick setup for rails , wordpress , and a lot more .
Related posts :
@ Obsidian468
I grew up in an Italian household .
My father is a graduate of the Culinary Institute , and my extended family is full of incredible cooks , all of whom know old world Italian cuisine as well as any four - star chef .
I learned my way around a kitchen from all of these incredibly talented people .
Even though I 've never been to culinary school myself , almost all of those that I 've cooked for consider me one of their favorite chefs .
Ever since I was a child , cooking has been a passion of mine .
I started off with simple things like omelets and tuna salad , and over the years graduated into far more complex and complicated recipes such as various marinades , brines , homemade sauces , sautees , and meals full of subtle and varied flavors , both strong and delicate .
I also love to create new dishes in the kitchen , the successes of which will be posted here .
I 'll also be posting a few of the old world Italian recipes I make on occasion .
Since my love of food has made my weight rather unhealthy , I 've been focusing more on healthy dishes lately , and have been learning various Asian cuisines , as well as relearning cuisines I previously had developed my skills in , in order to eat far healthier , but still enjoy good food .
The cuisines that I 've developed my skills with are as follows : * Mediterranean / Italian / Greek * Cajun * Maryland * General American ( steaks/ burgers / fried stuff/etc. ) * Tex - Mex Cuisines that I 'm still developing , but have mastered a few dishes , are as follows : * English / Scottish / Irish * Various Asian cuisines ( Thai , Vietnamese , Japanese , Chinese ) * Caribbean
If you ’re lucky enough to have perfect eye sight , it is incredibly difficult to imagine what the world is like for a visually impaired person .
There have been some astounding breakthroughs in the development of new technologies to assist the blind which aim to replicate the function of the eye , but this project takes a totally different approach .
The Cognitive Aid System for Blind People ( CASBLiP ) uses lasers and digital video images to create a three - dimensional acoustic map which , when relayed through headphones , enables users to " see " the world with sound .
Laser and digital video camera images will be used to analyze the distance of obstacles and help to predict the movement of people and motor vehicles as the user nears them .
This spatial information will then be transformed and presented to the user via headphones as an " audible map " .
The signals received via headphones will guide and assist the user to negotiate and navigate the obstacles and dangers of the outside world .
The user will also wear glasses with miniature video cameras mounted on them .
These will provide the necessary video vision .
Once developed , this is how it will work - as you move around , the sounds received via headphones will alter and the stereo audio system will enable you to interpret sounds and then place them in accordance with their distance to you .
For example , as you walk away from an object , the sound will decrease .
Walk closer to an object and the sound will increase .
If an object is on your right , you ’ll hear it on your right and you will also be warned via audio tone to get out of the way if something is headed straight for you .
The CASBliP project has been three years in the making so far and has been made possible by funding from the European Union ( EU ) .
There are a number of universities and blind institutions involved in the consortium .
Researchers from the University of Bristol used algorithms and real - time image processing to identify common street objects and obstacles - such as people , trees or street furniture – to create a “ depth map ” , capable of calculating distances .
This system is also capable of predicting movement .
Meanwhile , technology was being developed at the University of Laguna in Spain to make it possible to transform spatial information into three - dimensional acoustic maps .
A gyroscopic sensor developed by the University of Marche in Italy , detects how the user moves their head .
As the user moves position or changes their direction of their head , the relative position of sounds will also move .
If the user turns toward a sound to their left , the sound will move left towards the sound picture .
Also , the University of Marche worked closely with the Cavazza Institute in Italy to include a GPS location system into the unit to help complement the other technologies .
This may help to assist a visually impaired person by adding mapping services to the device , including the ability to add verbal directions to the required destination .
All the developed components will be put together to create a device that " sees " the world through hearing .
So far , two prototype devices mounted on a helmet have been developed .
They have been tested in real world environments by participants from the German Federation of the Blind and Partially Sighted and the Francesco Cavazza Institute in Italy .
The first design ( M1 ) uses a laser sensor that was initially developed by Siemens to detect passengers in cars .
The system cannot be seen by others as it is mounted within glasses and uses infrared light .
It is effective for users that are capable of recognizing familiar items such as trees or people from the sound information they receive .
A second version ( M2 ) sees two digital video cameras added to either side of a helmet .
This system can predict and detect the movement of objects .
“ We know that the technology works , ” says Guillermo Peris - Fajarnés , who coordinated the project from the Research Group on Graphic Technologies at the Universidad Politecnica de Valencia .
“ Our tests have been very successful and blind people have been able to navigate comfortably in controlled tests and even along a normal street . ”
“ There is still a lot of development work to do before this could go on the market , especially to prove that the system is 100 % reliable , ” Peris - Fajarnés notes .
“ You can't risk it going wrong while a user is crossing the road . ”
If the funding for the project runs out , it is hoped that the consortium will complete this incredible work with funding from other sources on the way to enriching the lives of the huige number of people ( 20 million in America qalone suffering from some form of significant visual impairment .
CasBlip via : ICT Results .
Trifecta
Teh Crazy ™
Teh Stupid™
Teh Wacky ™
Because health care reform will eat your grandma !
As more Americans delve into the disturbing details of the nationalized health care plan that the current administration is rushing through Congress , our collective jaw is dropping , and we ’re saying not just no , but hell no !
Sarah Palin came out of her seclusion today to offer up another to her Facebook fans .
It ’s a grand mélange of , and , all delivered with that trademark of the fringe : the breathless sense of emergency .
The “ disturbing details ” are imaginary , of course , but why let facts get in the way of a good rant ?
The Democrats promise that a government health care system will reduce the cost of health care , but as the economist Thomas Sowell has pointed out ,
( This would be the Thomas Sowell who writes for National Review .
You know , the one who calls Barack Obama a “ control freak ? ” )
government health care will not reduce the cost ; it will simply refuse to pay the cost .
And who will suffer the most when they ration care ?
The sick , the elderly , and the disabled , of course .
The America I know and love is not one in which my parents or my baby with Down Syndrome will have to stand in front of Obama ’s “ death panel ” so his bureaucrats can decide , based on a subjective judgment of their “ level of productivity in society , ” whether they are worthy of health care .
Such a system is downright evil .
Teh Wacky™ : Health care reform will eat your children !
And other such nonsense !
Actually , as I ’ve repeated ( and the president has repeated ) several times , unless there is a correction in the rapid rise of insurance premiums America will soon be unable to afford any insurance , public or private .
That ’s going to mean lots of baby Trigs with no health insurance .
Sarah can say these things because her family is covered by her husband ’s insurance through his job ; I ’d love to see Sarah try to find an individual policy for her special - needs baby — she ’d soon learn about the “ tender mercies ” of the free market .
It ’s Teh Stupid™ in spades .
Health care by definition involves life and death decisions .
Human rights and human dignity must be at the center of any health care discussion .
Thank you , Sarah !
Yes , we really are talking about human dignity and human rights here .
For example , the right to not have a panel of corporate bean - counters cancel your policy when you get sick .
And there ’s a strong argument that health care is already a human right , but America covers indigent care in the most expensive and inefficient way possible .
But again , why let facts get in the way of a good rant ?
Rep . Michele Bachmann highlighted the Orwellian thinking of the president ’s health care advisor , Dr. Ezekiel Emanuel , the brother of the White House chief of staff , in a floor speech to the House of Representatives .
I commend her for being a voice for the most precious members of our society , our children and our seniors .
Really ?
Sarah praises Michelle Bachmann for highlighting “ Orwellian thinking ” ?
That ’s a whole new level of Teh Crazy™ .
It ’s meta -crazy .
We must step up and engage in this most crucial debate .
Nationalizing our health care system is a point of no return for government interference in the lives of its citizens .
If we go down this path , there will be no turning back .
Ronald Reagan once wrote , “ Government programs , once launched , never disappear .
Actually , a government bureau is the nearest thing to eternal life we ’ll ever see on this earth . ”
Let ’s stop and think and make our voices heard before it ’s too late .
Sigh .
Ronald Reagan said those things about Medicare … in 1961 .
The socialist hell he promised has yet to materialize .
Instead , we bear witness to hordes of misinformed seniors screaming at town halls : “ keep your government hands off my government - run Medicare ! ” while thousands of Americans die from lack of affordable coverage .
Sarah has built her entire argument on a foundation of right - wing hysteria .
Pull one thread , and the whole thing unravels .
Why is this woman still considered ready for prime time ?
ADDING : Over at Obsidian Wings , blogger Publius expands on the point I made above about Trig :
Few people are familiar with the U - 6 report that is issued by the United States Department of Labor -- Bureau of Labor Statistics .
The U - 6 ( Table A - 12 : Alternative measures of labor under utilization ) measures the real rate of unemployment in the United States .
Most news organizations report the more popular U.S. Department of Labor : Civilian Unemployment Rate .
If you read the report today you learned that unemployment is 9.5 percent for June .
If you read the U - 6 you learned the real rate of unemployment is 16.8 percent versus 10.3 percent in June 2008 .
To view this report and the numbers go here .
Real Unemployment U - 6 -- 16.8 %
There are other groups of unemployed that are not counted in the more popular employment report .
The Bureau of Labor Statistics U - 6 report includes the unemployed , and those that have thrown in the towel .
The U - 6 report includes :
Total unemployed
plus all marginally attached workers
plus total employed part time for economic reasons
In other words ,
marginally attached workers are persons who currently are neither working nor looking for work , but indicate that they want and are available for a job , and have looked for work sometime in the recent past .
. Discouraged workers , a subset of the marginally attached , have given a job - market related reason for not looking currently for a job .
The U - 6 report counts everyone that is unemployed - - officially and unofficially .
About 2.2 million persons ( not seasonally adjusted ) were marginally attached to the labor force in June .
618,000 more than a year earlier .
These individuals wanted and were available for work , and had looked for a job sometime in the past 12 months .
They were not counted as unemployed because they had not searched for work in the 4 weeks preceding the survey .
Among the marginally attached , there were 793,000 discouraged workers in June , up by 373,000 from a year earlier .
, up by 373,000 from a year earlier .
In June , the average workweek for production and nonsupervisory workers on private nonfarm payrolls fell by 0.1 hour to 33.0 hours -- the lowest level on record for the series , which began in 1964 .
The number of long - term unemployed ( those jobless for 27 weeks or more ) increased by 433,000 over the month to 4.4 million .
In June , 3 in 10 unemployed persons were jobless for 27 weeks or more .
Bob DeMarco is a citizen journalist and twenty year Wall Street veteran .
Bob has written more than 700 articles with more than 18,000 links to his work on the Internet .
Content from is a citizen journalist and twenty year Wall Street veteran .
Bob has written more than 700 articles with more than 18,000 links to his work on the Internet .
Content from All American Investor has been syndicated on Reuters , the Wall Street Journal , Fox News , Pluck , Blog Critics , and a growing list of newspaper websites .
Bob is actively seeking syndication and writing assignments .
Here are some other statistics that you might find disconcerting .
This morning the stock market reacted negatively to the unemployment report .
If you are wondering why -- all you need to do is look beyond the obvious .
This is what this website is all about .
These numbers do not bode well for stocks and indicate at best , we are looking at slow growth in the months ahead .
All of the statistics in this article were sourced from the Department of Labor -- Bureau of Labor Statistics .
Original content by Bob DeMarco .
Also posted on Blog Critics .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement A young Spanish man has been gored to death in the traditional running of the bulls in Pamplona , northern Spain .
The 27 - year - old was gored in the neck on Friday , during the fourth bull run of the week - long San Fermin festival .
Daniel Jimeno Romero , from near Madrid , had emergency surgery in hospital but died of his injuries .
Earlier reports had described the dead man as British .
Three other runners were injured by the bull on Friday .
The last fatal goring at the festival was in 1995 .
See map of Pamplona bull run A light - brown bull called Capuchino ploughed into a group of runners and spectators on Friday after getting separated from the rest of the group .
The wounds were mortally grave .
We could n't do anything to save his life
Surgeon Esther Vila
Navarra hospital
The BBC's Steve Kingstone in Madrid says the running of the bulls - opposed by animal rights activists - is a defining event in Spanish culture .
Popularised by the writer Ernest Hemingway , it attracts thousands of foreign tourists each year - many of whom choose to take part .
Hit with sticks Friday 's incident happened near the bullring , which marks the end of the 850 - metre ( 2,805 ft ) run through the streets of Pamplona .
Television footage showed runners fleeing a rogue bull and jumping over the wooden barriers in one of the cobbled streets .
The bull tossed one man into the air and then gored him as he lay curled on the ground .
Fellow runners tried to beat the bull off by pulling on its tail and hitting it with sticks .
The bull swerved right and left and even began running back the wrong way .
Mr Jimeno Romero , from Alcala de Henares , was said to have been gored in the lungs as well as the neck .
Emergency medics treated him at the scene before he was taken to Navarra hospital , where he died .
" The wounds were mortally grave .
We could n't do anything to save his life , " surgeon Esther Vila told a news conference .
Fifteen people have died from injuries at the Pamplona fiesta since 1922 .
Before Friday 's fatality two North Americans were gored to death - in 1980 and 1995 - and a veteran Spanish bull - runner died after a fall in 2003 , Spain 's El Mundo news website reports .
The festival was made world - famous by Hemingway 's 1926 novel The Sun Also Rises .
Clad in white , with a red kerchief , tourists and Spaniards sprint ahead of the charging bulls , which face matadors in the bullring later in the day .
Return
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
In a shortened episode , there was still lots going on , possibly more than usual and kept a fast pace throughout the episode , never really letting up .
This episode was a great setup to what will probably a collision of all the supernatural things .
The episode starts with possibly the most blatant foreshadowing I 've ever seen .
Sookie walks into Eric 's room at the hotel where he is crying .
She comes over and basically starts licking the blood off him .
Things go a little further and then Sookie wakes up in a van going back to Bon Temps .
Sam and Andy get a call from Arlene to go to the bar and save her .
When they arrive , either they were tricked or she got turned .
I does n't matter either ways because they want to sacrifice Sam to a " god , " so they hide in the freezer .
Meanwhile , Jason is gearing up for the battle , bringing a chainsaw and a nail gun to the bar .
He gets into a hostage situation and manages to get Sam and Andy out .
The black - eye Maryann followers renege on their agreement with Jason since they are crazy , and Sam lets himself become taken .
Outside , Jason and Andy devise a hilarious plan to save Sam .
Jason pretends to be the god , dressing up and shining lights on him .
Sam tells Jason to fake smite him which Jason does .
Sam turns into something leaving everyone bewildered .
Sookie and Bill go back to Bill 's house where Hoyt and Jessica are trying to deal with Hoyt 's mom .
Eventually they get her to play an extremely violent Wii game .
They also learn Maryann has taken over Sookie 's house .
Bill and Sookie go there and confront her , ending with Bill trying to bite her and getting poisoned .
They run off to Lafayette 's house to figure out what is going on .
Sookie tries to look into Tara 's mind , but sees nothing .
After Bill glamors her , Sookie manages to get into her head and Tara is regular again .
Hoyt 's mother starts yelling at Hoyt about Jessica who is losing it .
She goes out of control and bites her .
The last scene of the episode is probably the coolest ending of the whole series .
You see Bill show up at the Queen of Louisiana 's mansion in a leather jacket .
He is let in and all we can see is her leg with blood dripping off it .
Score : 9.5/10
Photo by majamarko
As we ’ve all read by now , Google ’s chief economist Hal Varian commented in January that the next sexy job in the next 10 years would be statisticians .
Obviously , I whole - heartedly agree .
Heck , I ’d go a step further and say they ’re sexy now – mentally and physically .
However , if you went on to read the rest of Varian ’s interview , you ’d know that by statisticians , he actually meant it as a general title for someone who is able to extract information from large datasets and then present something of use to non-data experts .
Sexy Skills of Data Geeks
As a follow up to Varian ’s now - popular quote among data fans , Michael Driscoll of Dataspora , discusses the three sexy skills of data geeks .
I wo n’t rehash the post , but here are the three skills that Michael highlights :
Statistics – traditional analysis you ’re used to thinking about Data Munging – parsing , scraping , and formatting data Visualization – graphs , tools , etc .
Oh , but there ’s more …
These skills actually fit tightly with Ben Fry ’s dissertation on Computational Information Design ( 2004 ) .
However , Fry takes it a step further and argues for an entirely new field that combines the skills and talents from often disjoint areas of expertise :
Computer Science – acquire and parse data Mathematics , Statistics , & Data Mining – filter and mine Graphic Design – represent and refine Infovis and Human - Computer Interaction ( HCI ) – interaction
And after two years of highlighting visualization on FlowingData , it seems collaborations between the fields are growing more common , but more importantly , computational information design edges closer to reality .
We ’re seeing data scientists – people who can do it all – emerge from the rest of the pack .
Advantages of the Data Scientist
Think about all the visualization stuff you ’ve been most impressed with or the groups that always seem to put out the best work .
Martin Wattenberg .
Stamen Design .
Jonathan Harris .
Golan Levin .
Sep Kamvar .
Why is their work always of such high quality ?
Because they ’re not just students of computer science , math , statistics , or graphic design .
They have a combination of skills that not just makes independent work easier and quicker ; it makes collaboration more exciting and opens up possibilities in what can be done .
Oftentimes , visualization projects are disjoint processes and involve a lot of waiting .
Maybe a statistician is waiting for data from a computer scientist ; or a graphic designer is waiting for results from an analyst ; or an HCI specialist is waiting for layouts from a graphic designer .
Let ’s say you have several data scientists working together though .
There ’s going to be less waiting and the communication gaps between the fields are tightened .
How often have we seen a visualization tool that held an excellent concept and looked great on paper but lacked the touch of HCI , which made it hard to use and in turn no one gave it a chance ?
How many important ( and interesting ) analyses have we missed because certain ideas could not be communicated clearly ?
The data scientist can solve your troubles .
An Application
This need for data scientists is quite evident in business applications where educated decisions need to be made swiftly .
A delayed decision could mean lost opportunity and profit .
Terabytes of data are coming in whether it be from websites or from sales across the country , but in an area where Excel is the tool of choice ( or force ) , there are limitations , hence all the tools , applications , and consultancies to help out .
This of course applies to areas outside of business as well .
Learn and Prosper
Even if you ’re not into visualization , you ’re going to need at least a subset of the skills that Fry highlights if you want to seriously mess with data .
Statisticians should know APIs , databases , and how to scrape data ; designers should learn to do things programmatically ; and computer scientists should know how to analyze and find meaning in data .
Basically , the more you learn , the more you can do , and the higher in demand you will be as the amount of data grows and the more people want to make use of it .
There is a " myth " the system is unfair , ministers say .
There is no evidence that new arrivals in the UK are able to jump council housing queues , an Equality and Human Rights Commission report says .
Once they settle and are entitled to help , it adds , the same proportion live in social housing as UK - born residents .
The prime minister has said guidance is to change so local people get priority for social housing in England .
Housing minister John Healey said the changes were designed to tackle the " myth " that the system was unfair .
' Nailing myths '
The changes , he said , would not alter the policy of awarding council housing on the basis of need or the fact that economic migrants from outside the EU cannot apply for housing for the first five years after settling in the UK .
But councils would get more " leeway " to deal with specific housing pressures in their areas .
COUNCIL HOUSE RULES
Since 1996 , councils have had to give " reasonable preference " to certain groups in allocating housing .
These are the homeless , those living in overcrowded accommodation and people who must move for medical reasons .
Since 2002 , it has been illegal for councils to exclude anyone who does not have a local connection .
However , councils can take into account length of residence and family links when choosing between applicants within the preference groups
The British National Party has campaigned heavily on the issue , claiming that British people are being short - changed for housing in favour of newly arrived immigrants .
Mr Healey said it was " wrong " to say the government had been forced into action to counter the BNP 's arguments after it succeeded in getting two Euro MPs elected .
But he added that he wanted to " nail the myth " that certain groups were losing out in terms of housing allocation .
" It is largely a problem of perception , " he told Today .
" The report shows there is a belief , a wrong belief , that there is a bias in the system . "
Although the rules would not change , Mr Healey said new guidance to councils will enable them to help people who have been waiting the longest or those , in rural areas , who have strong local or family connections .
FROM THE TODAY PROGRAMME
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from Today programme
" There is more we can do to give local authorities more freedom and scope to give more preference , " he said .
He added that changes to the system of allocation were " no substitute " for building more council houses .
Ministers say they will build an extra 20,000 affordable homes over the next two years , in addition to 90,000 already announced , but critics say this is inadequate given the four million people now on a waiting list for homes .
The Commission 's report - based on figures from the 2007 Labour Force Survey - was carried out by the centre - left Institute for Public Policy Research think tank .
According to the study , 64 % of people who arrived in the UK within the last five years live in private rented accommodation .
Poorer areas Just 11 % of new arrivals get help with housing - almost all of them asylum seekers .
But after five years , when many immigrants are able to get residency and become entitled to government help , one in six live in social housing - exactly the same proportion as those who were born in Britain .
COMMISSION FINDINGS 1.8 % of social tenants have moved to the UK within the past five years .
87.8 % were UK - born while 10 % were foreigners living in Britain for more than five years .
Source : IPPR report Mr Phillips said ministers and social housing providers needed to work together to address the issues that resulted in perceptions about immigrants benefitting unfairly .
He added : " We have to recognise that people 's perceptions are powerful , so it 's vital that social housing providers and policy makers work to foster understanding about what is really happening on the ground .
" Much of the public concern about the impact of migration on social housing has , at its heart , the failure of social housing supply to meet the demands of the population .
" The poorer the area , the longer the waiting lists , therefore the greater the tension . " ' Cumbersome '
On 29 June , the prime minister told MPs he wanted to allow councils in England to give additional preference to locals .
That was seen as a broadside to the BNP , which has claimed immigrants are able to get more help with housing .
BNP leader Nick Griffin said the housing shortage was caused as much by the number of asylum applicants paid to live in private accommodation as migrants getting council houses and the two could not be seen in isolation .
He said foreign migrants had been " pushed to the front " of housing queues in recent years , saying : " This is not a perception .
This is a fact . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The Conservatives have accused Labour of " spin " , adding that the forthcoming equality bill would make it illegal for councils to discriminate in favour of local people .
" Labour 's cumbersome laws tie the hands of local authorities , compounding the problems of a growing housing waiting list and aggravating community tensions , " said its housing spokesman Grant Shapps .
" Housing waiting lists are at a record high level because of Labour 's historic failure to build enough social housing . "
The Lib Dems said the government was trying to " grab headlines " rather than deal with the underlying issues .
" Gordon Brown has been caught out openly pandering to a misconception , " said its housing spokeswoman Sarah Teather .
" The real problem is the queue not the method for queue - jumping . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Post by boyd » Fri Jul 31 , 2009 2:02 pm
Rolling beat on the second one is sick .
Feeling the chords / pads in the third one , not sure about the stabs though do n't seem to fit for me .
Bat for lashes rmx has some punch , liking that .
Second tune at 2:52 the best I 'd say , mean 2 - step vibes !
Chairman ’s nerves show through when challenged on H.R.1207
Steve Watson
Infowars.net
Wednesday , July 29 , 2009
Federal Reserve chairman Ben Bernanke appeared incredibly nervous during an interview aired last night on PBS ’
NewsHour , particularly during a question on the ongoing effort to pass legislation that would see the Fed ’s books being opened up to a general audit .
In a display that will greatly encourage those who continue for push for greater transparency of the privately run Fed ’s actions , Bernanke stammered and stuttered his way through the interview , his voice shaking as he attempted to rail against calls to audit the Fed , reciting now familiar and standard lines of propaganda .
“ There ’s an effort in Congress , and in the House in particular , to audit what the Federal Reserve does , particularly in monetary policy .
How do you feel about that ? ” asked PBS ’ Jim Lehrer .
“ So that bill , people do n’t fully understand what that bill is about .
It sounds like , audit the Fed , it sounds like ‘ Let ’s look at the books . ’
That ’s what it sounds like . ”
Bernanke spluttered .
Clearly flustered and sounding very unconfident , Bernanke continued :
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
“ What people do n’t understand is that this bill would give the GAO , the GAO , the authority to audit monetary policy .
And what does that mean ?
That means if the Federal Reserve decided a year from now that because of incipient inflation it was time to raise interest rates , that the Congress would say , ‘ Ah , the GAO ’s going to audit that decision .
It ’s going to subpoena your materials .
It ’s going to demand information from members of the FOMC .
It ’s going to evaluate your decision .
It ’s going to report to Congress . ’
I do n’t think that ’s consistent with independence . ”
Bernanke said .
Watch Bernanke respond to the question regarding the bill :
Watch the entire PBS interview with Bernanke here .
( Article continues below )
Bernanke essentially repeated the very same mantra he espoused during last week ’s Financial Services Committee hearings , which was subsequently repeated in a Washington Post editorial , claiming that the bill will hand Congress the power to run monetary policy in the United States , reducing the Fed ’s independence and politicizing decisions the Fed makes .
However , as Senator Bernie Sanders , sponsor of the Senate version of Congressman Ron Paul ’s Federal Reserve Transparency Act , has pointed out , “ We must not equate ‘ independence ’ with secrecy ” where the Fed is concerned
“ No matter how intelligent or well - intentioned the Fed chairman and his staff may be , it is n’t appropriate to give a handful of people the power to lend an unlimited supply of money to anyone it wants without sufficient oversight . ”
Sanders writes .
The bill would not give anyone in Congress or elsewhere the authority to sit in on Fed hearings , thus it would have no impact monetary policy .
All it would do is provide answers to the American people as to where trillions of dollars of their money is disappearing to .
The legislation would simply amend existing law to allow the Comptroller General of the General Accounting Office to audit the Federal Reserve Board and its member banks .
As CBS News ’ Declan McCullagh points out , in response to Bernanke ’s defense of the Fed :
“ This is an odd claim .
If you read the bill ( H.R.1207 ) , it simply amends existing law to say “ under regulations of the Comptroller General , the Comptroller General shall audit ” the Federal Reserve Board and its member banks . ”
“ The Comptroller General is a Senate - confirmed official who ’s also the head of the Government Accountability Office ( GAO ) , a legislative branch agency organized under the U.S. Congress .
In other words , we ’re not talking about a political bomb - thrower , but a veteran civil servant tasked with important oversight responsibilities . ”
McCullagh explains .
Bernanke ’s claim that the GAO “ already looks at virtually all of our activities ” is misleading to say the least .
There is no oversight whatsoever regarding loans made by the Fed , which is why there has been no indication of the final destination of multiple trillions of dollars in bailout funds .
In addition , Federal Reserve meeting transcripts are not made publicly available until five years after the meetings occur .
As Ron Paul himself explained to Bernanke last week , the bill would do nothing to further politicize the Fed ’s decision making given that the Fed is already overtly politicized anyway .
“ Just the fact that they can issue a lot of loans and special privileges to banks and corporations , that ’s political .
This idea that it would be political because we know what happened afterwards just does n’t seem to add up . ”
Paul beseeched .
In our report yesterday we detailed how Americans are turning against the Federal Reserve , with just 30 per cent saying the agency is doing a good job , compared with over 50 % when the question was last asked in 2003 .
According to Gallup editor in chief Dr. Frank Newport , “ Americans are blaming to some degree the actions or inactions of the Federal Reserve board ” for the economic turmoil .
Bernanke ’s doubtful PBS performance is sure to increase the numbers of Americans demanding more accountability .
“ … it was the sight of Ben Bernanke , quavering before the audience , when I knew we were going to win this fight . ” writes Adam de Angeli on Ron Paul ’s Campaign for Liberty blog .
“ We ’re growing bigger and better organized every day , while the banksters ’ last desperate attempts to control the damage yield nothing . ”
This article was posted : Wednesday , July 29 , 2009 at 9:17 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
A small community is torn apart by a tragic accident which kills most of the town 's children .
A lawyer visits the victims ' parents in order to profit from the tragedy by stirring up their anger and launching a class action suit against anyone they can blame .
The community is paralyzed by its anger and cannot let go .
All but one young girl , left in a wheelchair after the accident , who finds the courage to lead the way toward healing .
Written by Matthew Tichenor < mticheno@direct.ca >
Opinion
The science fiction of military marketing
I 'm a video game geek , so as I sat through movie previews a few weeks ago , I was sure I was watching Nintendo ads .
There on the cinema 's screen was a supersleek plane flying over a moonscape while communicating with an orbiting satellite .
In the next moment , a multicolored topographical map , orders being barked - and in my own mind , memories of Call of Duty graphics .
And then , finally , two guys in front of a computer console , and the jarring punch line : " It 's not science fiction ; it 's what we do every day , " said the bold type , followed by a U.S. Air Force symbol .
Before giving the audience a chance to digest the slogan , it was on to another montage , this one of helicopters and explosions with 1970s music playing in the background .
A preview for a Steve McQueen - themed game , I thought .
Then , though , the familiar kicker : " The drones fight terrorism and protect America , and in the process , they keep the frontlines unmanned , " said the voiceover , adding , " This is n't science fiction ; this is life in the United States Navy . "
The ads preceded " The Hurt Locker " - a dramatized movie about soldiers who defuse roadside bombs in the midst of Iraq 's horrifying carnage .
And even with its fictionalized dialogue , the film was far more honest than the U.S. military 's fantastical sales pitch .
Join the armed forces , the ads suggest , and you do n't have to experience the blood - and - guts consequences of combat .
Instead , you get to hang out stateside , entertaining yourself with a glorified PlayStation .
During this , one of the bloodiest months in the Afghanistan war , the spots promote a somewhat comforting , if disturbingly misleading , message - one aimed at potential soldiers and the public at large .
For the former , the goal is reassurance .
As Bush - era attempts to conflate bellicosity and patriotism were undermined by persistent body bags , military recruitment has become more challenging .
In response , the Pentagon hopes to make prospective volunteers believe their tours of duty will be as safe as a night on the couch .
For the general public , the objective is sedation .
New polls show the country strongly opposes the Afghanistan and Iraq wars - but military officials want to preserve the possibility of an escalation in Afghanistan and a permanent deployment in Iraq .
So the Pentagon is seeking an opiate to placate the war - averse populace .
What better anodyne than a marketing campaign implying wars are fun video games ?
Certainly , the ads are n't pure science fiction .
As the armed forces build more unmanned drones , Popular Science magazine reports that recruiters are indeed looking to add new remote pilots .
The science fiction is the specific assertion that " the frontlines are unmanned . "
Claims like that are deeply destructive , beyond their obvious insult to the thousands on those very frontlines .
It 's a good bet more than a few enlistees will expect their service to be video game tournaments , only to find themselves dodging real bullets in a Baghdad shooting gallery .
More broadly , the American psyche 's slow progress toward an increasingly peaceful disposition could be stunted by the propaganda 's powerful paradox :
While sanitizing ads play to the country 's growing disgust with militarism , they could ultimately lead us to be more supportive of militarism .
How ?
By convincing us that violence can be just another innocuous expression of adolescent technophilia .
If we end up thinking that , we will have once again forgotten what all wars , even the justifiable ones , always are : lamentable human tragedies .
I was recently featured as a guest speaker at the Unitarian Universalist church in Pensacola and gave a lecture on agnosticism .
The lecture was called “ The Map of Agnosticism : Human Explorations of the Universe . ”
You can listen to or read the lecture below .
There is a question and answer session at the end of the audio of the lecture that is not featured in the text below .
( * note – the text of the lecture may differ slightly from audio )
( If you have trouble getting the sound to play above , you can alternatively use this link , right click and “ save as ” to download : http://www.fileden.com/files/2009/8/29/2559011/lecture.mp3)
Good morning , thank you very much for having me .
I realize that it ’s not every day that someone gets to give a talk on agnosticism in what is ostensibly a church , so the irony and rarity of such a thing is not lost on me .
So , I ’d like to thank Thom for originally proposing the idea that I give a talk here , and I ’d like to thank the church very much for allowing me this opportunity .
Before getting into the meat of the discussion , I thought I ’d give you a little bit more background on myself .
I am going to be discussing agnosticism today , but I thought it might be interesting for you to know that I was raised in a family that did attend church somewhat regularly when I was younger .
I was baptized at a very early age .
But I was lucky enough to grow up with very open - minded , fairly liberal parents .
We actually stopped going to church regularly at one point when I was younger – my father tells me this story , I do n’t actually remember it – apparently after Sunday school one day , my brother and I were telling my dad what we had just learned , and apparently we were explaining to my father all the different ways one might go to Hell .
This upset him a bit , and he decided that we probably should n’t go to church regularly anymore .
My father is someone who probably considers himself to be very spiritual , but not religious .
He meditates every day and reads a lot of spiritual books .
And my mom would probably consider herself to be somewhere between spiritual and agnostic .
However , there is a very religious tradition in my family .
My grandmother on my mom ’s side was a pretty devout Christian , and was very active in the First Methodist church here in town , though she was also of the very liberal / progressive sort .
And my grandfather on my mother ’s side was actually the dean of the divinity school at Vanderbilt at one time , and wrote several published books on theology and theological ethics , though he was a liberal , and was even involved in the civil rights movement in Nashville back in the 60’s .
I personally rejected religious dogma at a very early age .
The concept of what I like to call the Santa Claus version of god , the single creator being in the sky who watches everything you do and judges you , this was something I found very silly around the time I was 12 years old .
But I spent three years at FSU a few years back , and in those first years of college I had what many might call several spiritual experiences .
I prefer to characterize them as psycho - neuro - somatic experiences , basically meaning that I have no working model for explaining exactly what took place , but cannot deny that something of a bizarre and psychological nature did occur .
I would love to describe to you in vividly specific detail the nature of those experiences , but I understand enough about what happened and it would simply take too long to describe , suffice to say I consider those experiences to have been monumentally important events in my life which sent me on a very interesting journey of which I am still traversing today .
After that I spent several years experimenting with many different forms of meditation and studying various religions and esoteric practices .
I did dabble a tiny bit in the occult at one time , as Thom mentioned , and even still break out my tarot cards on occasion .
And while I feel like I learned a tremendous amount , I came out the other side of all of this as an agnostic , for the reasons I am about to describe to you today .
So , that should be enough background to get started …
As we all make our journeys into the mysteries of the universe , these expeditions of the human condition …
I feel it is important that we all have an appropriate map for our travels .
So , it is in this spirit that I wanted to discuss agnosticism for a moment today .
Because , for me , there is no better map to equip for the human experience , the human voyage , than that of agnosticism .
Etymologically speaking , the term “ agnosticism ” comes from the Greek word “ gnosis , ” and literally means “ without knowledge , ” or to not know .
The word itself was actually coined by 19th century English biologist Thomas Henry Huxley when he was looking for a word to describe his own position between religiosity and atheism .
With the current surge in fundamentalism felt both at home of the Christian sort and abroad of the Islamic sort , I feel agnosticism has become increasingly relevant .
But in recent years there has also been a resurging interest in atheism due in no small part to a growing number of popular books on the subject : Richard Dawkins ’
The God Delusion , Christopher Hitchens ’ God is Not Great , and Sam Harris ’ The End of Faith to name a few .
And while part of me is joyous to see an increasing number of people reject religious fundamentalism , my own feelings are that atheism is simply the flip side of that same coin of religiosity .
Richard Dawkins once said that he has more sympathy with the Christian fundamentalist than he does with the agnostic , because he sees agnosticism as the ultimate cop -out , a way of giving up , of not joining the debate .
However , in my opinion , what Dawkins is describing is not agnosticism ; what he ’s describing is apathy .
He apparently seems to completely misunderstand the concept .
I feel Dawkins has it completely backwards .
In my opinion , dogmatism of any stripe is the true cop-out .
Because for the dogmatist , his journey into the mysteries of the universe is complete .
He might as well roll up his map , pack up his things and go home .
The dogmatist has nothing left to explore , nothing more to research , no need to ever pick up another book .
To me , it is an arrogant and presumptuous notion of truth that flies in the face of logic and reason .
And considering Dawkins is a biologist , I find this very disturbing , because any good scientist should know that all of science is predicated on the notion of agnosticism .
Good science is about having doubt .
The entire scientific method begins with a blank slate , with no assumptions .
And then the observations are made , data is collected and theories are formed .
Science is not about truth ; it is about exploration .
And I feel the same should apply not only to religion , but to all of human knowledge .
We are all explorers of the human condition , charting our path through the universe together .
And I feel that is an appropriate place to begin our journey today …
And if I could sum up the main reason for why I adopt an agnostic perspective , why I have no interest in dogma of any kind , it would this : we , as human beings , can never escape our limited ability to receive and process information , and the limited ability we have to communicate such information .
Basically , what we can ascertain about the workings of the universe is directly dictated by the faculties we possess in order to observe the universe .
So , what do I mean by the faculties we possess ?
I mean the way we receive information as human beings , as organisms , how we perceive external phenomena .
Well , the most obvious would be sensory input : the relationship between sense organs and the nervous system and the brain .
I imagine what immediately comes to mind are the so - called “ five senses . ”
You know , sight , touch , hearing , taste , smell … these are all ways that human beings gather information about the universe .
I would like to quickly point out that there are actually more than five physical senses .
And I ’m not speaking of anything supernatural here ; I ’m speaking of accepted science .
In addition to the five senses we all know , humans also feel atmospheric pressure , density in the atmosphere ; you can feel this when you ’re up in an airplane and your ears pop .
We have the ability to temperature , to feel hot and cold , what ’s called thermoreception .
And we also have a sense of balance , sometimes called the vestibular sense or equilibrioception , which is essentially the ability to perceive the effects of the phenomena of gravity , basically how we orient ourselves within our environment so we do n’t fall down .
These all ways that human beings gather information about the world .
To better articulate what I ’m driving at here , I would like to provide you with an analogy that I ’m fond of .
Because , even though I would imagine most of what I have said so far is rather self - evident , perhaps , it is not immediately apparent what , if anything , all of this has to do with agnosticism .
The analogy I like to use to convey what my main point is has to do with dogs , canines .
Now , our science suggests that dogs , along with many other animals , cannot see the entire range of colors , basically what we as human beings call the visible light portion of the electromagnetic spectrum .
In other words , their eyes cannot see all of the colors that our eyes can see .
They have what ’s called dichromatic sight , so they basically only see in shades of red and green .
And it has to do with the biological makeup of their eyes containing more rods than cones , but the point is that they cannot see the full color spectrum as we understand it .
Now , I would like to point out that some people , such as Goethe in his scientific writings , have suggested that even we as human beings cannot see the full range of colors … but let ’s not get into that .
So , in the same way that we know a dog cannot see all of the colors available in the universe , there is absolutely no reason to think we as human beings possess the faculties necessary to receive all of the information available in the universe .
Dogs ca n’t see all the colors that we can see , perhaps we can’t receive all the information that some other organisms can , and in fact , that ’s true .
Sticking with the animal kingdom for a moment , some animals do possess sensate abilities that go far beyond what the human possesses biologically .
For instance , many species of fish and sharks have what ’s called electroreception , which is the ability to detect electrical fields .
Many species of birds have magnetoreception , which the ability to detect magnetic fields .
And whales , dolphins and bats use echolocation , the ability to detect other objects using sound reflection , like sonar .
And let ’s be honest , the only reason we know about these additional sensate perception abilities within the animal kingdom is because our science has caught up with them .
We can detect what we call the electromagnetic spectrum because of the advent of scientific instruments that we ’ve created .
It ’s entirely possible that animals have even further senses of which we are not yet aware because our science has n’t gotten that far yet .
And it is also possible that we as human beings possess further perception abilities that our science simply cannot detect or explain .
But the point is this : we can only know as much about the universe as is available to us based on our ability to perceive the universe .
We do n’t know how much , if anything , there is that we cannot perceive .
And when I say “ universe , ” I do n’t mean the farthest reaches of space that we have n’t found or been to yet ; I mean the world external to ourselves , the universe all around us .
We can only know as much as our faculties of receiving information will extend .
And there is no reason to think the faculties we as human beings possess are all encompassing in the scope of the universe ; there is no reason to think we are capable of comprehending the totality of the existence .
There is no way to know how much exists beyond what our faculties are capable of perceiving .
There could be an endless amount of information available in the universe that we simply are not able to receive , much less comprehend .
This idea has been expressed numerous times throughout history by everyone from Descartes to John Locke , David Hume to George Berkeley , all of whom suggested in one way or another that we can never know what an object is , but that we can only know how an object is perceived by the mind .
Well , let ’s extend that idea to the entire universe .
We can never know what the universe is , we can only how the universe is perceived by our minds , based on the faculties we possess to gather information .
There is no way to know how much there is we cannot know ; we can only know what we are capable of knowing .
I feel that fact alone should be more than enough to make anyone a stone - cold agnostic … but let ’s take it a step further – and it would probably we helpful to try to keep everything in context as we move along .
Okay , keeping in mind that we can only know as much as our faculties can perceive , after we have collected our data through our observations of the universe , we then have to formulate it into theories and communicate this information through language , verbally or through writing .
When we consider that we are limited by our ability to receive information , we must also acknowledge how inhibited we are by our ability to communicate , how the structure of language itself is restrictive .
Now , we could go on and on about the inadequacies and limitations of language in general , but I think the most obvious limitation of our communication is this : all language is metaphor .
Words are not actually the things they represent ; they are vague analogous representations which disparately correspond with their counterparts .
An obvious example : if someone is dying of thirst in the desert , you could say , “ water , water , water ” to him a million times and he will obviously still die of dehydration .
There ’s an analogy that I feel expresses this concept very well .
It is a phrase coined by the Polish scientist and philosopher Alfred Korzybski .
Korzybski developed the field of General Semantics , which is an area of study that deals with the psychological implications of how the structure of language can affect the human organism .
He wrote a fascinating , albeit flawed , book which was released in 1933 called Science and Sanity ; and in this book he coined the phrase , “ The map is not the territory . ”
It was a statement , in part , meant to illustrate how abstractions in language can lead to misconceptions in thought :
The map is not the territory .
On the most basic level , the idea is very simple .
Let ’s say you have a map of Florida .
You do not have Florida itself ; rather , you have a metaphorical representation of Florida .
It would be impossible to ever make a complete , all encompassing map of Florida .
On the surface , this is supposed to be an analogy for language : the word is not the actual thing it represents .
But , at the macrocosmic level , the analogy speaks to something much more substantive .
What it also speaks to is the process by which we , as human beings , develop our theories and ideas concerning the workings of the universe .
It is a reminder that we can never escape these limitations I ’ve been speaking of today .
It says that not only are we limited in the way we receive and process information , but that as we organize this information into theories and ideas through language , the information is inherently biased .
It is the product of the human condition .
All of the ideas and knowledge we accumulate , whether it be through science , psychology , philosophy , or religion … these are simply the maps we make to chart the human experience .
They are maps of our experiences as seen by our eyes .
And they are just that : maps … or models .
They are representations of the universe that we have created based on our limited ability to perceive the universe .
I think Robert Anton Wilson perhaps said it best of all when he wrote , “ Any grid we use to organize our experience of the world is a model of the world and should not be confused with the world itself . ”
I think that sums it up beautifully .
The models we make of the universe should never be confused with the universe itself …
The models we make of the universe should never be confused with the universe itself .
Because , if you really think about it , when we as human beings study something , no matter what the field of knowledge may be , science , religion , whatever , at the end of the day , we are learning just as much about ourselves as we are the subject of our studies .
We are learning how we receive and process information .
We are learning how we make the maps .
Our maps reflect how we see the universe .
They reflect the faculties we as human organisms possess in order to receive and process information .
A great example of this , if you ’re not familiar with it and would like to do a research project some day , take a look at the history of quantum theory or theoretical physics , and see all the conflicting ideas that have come and gone over the years .
You ’ll see how the same experiments can produce radically different results depending on who ’s doing the observations .
You ’ll see how some experiments will show a particle behaving as a particle , and some experiments will show a particle behaving as a wave .
Then you ’ll see how an experiment will show that some theoretical particle does exist and then the same experiment produced by a different group of scientists will show how that particle does not exist .
When you look at that stuff you ’ll recognize how you are looking just as much inside the human mind as you are the inside of an atom .
And I am in no way meaning to denigrate science or religion .
I especially do not mean to belittle the wonderful discoveries made within the scientific community , as I think they are magnificent and necessary tools for our evolution .
I am simply suggesting that when considering this perspective I am advocating , there are no dogmas to be found in the breadth of human knowledge : there are only models of the universe we as humans make based our ability to perceive the universe .
So , I am not suggesting we let fly agnosticism in the face of religion alone ; I am advocating we let fly agnosticism in the face of all of human knowledge .
And , do n’t get me wrong : agnosticism itself is just another human map of the universe .
However , it is a map that is aware that it is a map .
It is a way of studying all the other maps and recognizing them as maps .
And that is why I feel it is the most appropriate map to bring on our journeys into the mysteries of the universe .
Because agnosticism is an open - ended map about exploration .
Because ultimately , I am advocating that we not take ourselves too seriously … and that we learn to consider our limited ability to receive and process information as a liberating experience .
For me , there is something very satisfying to realize that no one has a monopoly on the truth , that neither the scientist nor the clergyman has any greater stake or ability to comprehend the universe than I or anyone else …
It is very satisfying to realize that we ’re all in this together .
And that ’s what I feel agnosticism really means .
It is a way of letting the air out of all our arrogant and presumptuous notions of truth , of “ my god ’s better than your god ” or “ my theory trumps yours . ”
It leaves the door open to embrace both science and spirituality without any sense of hubris , allowing us to all take hands and together to continue our human explorations , to forge that journey into the unknown , into the mysteries of the universe , not for the sake of ever finding ultimate truth , but simply for the sake of exploration … and along the way , through our travels , we may help each other make the maps that chart our voyage … as long as we realize they are only maps .
And I ca n’t think of a better place to make such a statement than here at the Unitarian Universalist Church …
Thank you .
When Debra Bader 's husband , Christopher , collapsed during a walk , the first thing that popped into her head was the Bee Gee 's tune " Stayin ' Alive , " — and thank goodness , too , as it helped save her husband 's life .
Advertisement
Bader tells CNN that after calling 911 , she recalled a PSA from the American Heart Association that provided instructions to give chest compressions to a victim to the beat of " Stayin Alive . "
Bader , with the song in her head , began CPR : " I sang the song and gave directions to the EMTs at the same time .
It was like , ' Stayin ' alive , stayin ' alive — take a right here , take a left here — Stayin ' alive , stayin ' alive — take this path down here — Stayin ' alive , stayin ' alive . " [ CNN ]
Michael Arrington of TechCrunch parses Apple 's response to the FCC about its rejection of the Google Voice app from the iPhone App Store .
Part of the response , he says , is " a total lie " -- specifically the basic premise that Apple has not " rejected " the app but is merely " studying " it .
Other parts of the letter , says Mike , are highly misleading .
These are serious charges .
Mike attributes his characterizations to sources at Google , who were apparently told by Apple that the app was being rejected .
Based on these assertions , the FCC 's next stop should be to follow up by interviewing folks at Google about the process .
If there are discrepancies in what Apple is telling the FCC and what Google tells them , this could quickly blow up into a major problem for Apple .
As evidenced by Jason Calacanis 's post last week -- The Case Against Apple -- sentiment about the company has shifted over the past few years from cult - like support for a beloved underdog to anger over what appear to be bullying and anti-consumer practices of an emerging monopolist .
Apple 's market share in iPhones is still far too low for the company to have an actual anti-trust issue .
As we 've been saying for the past couple of years , however , the smartphone game is rapidly becoming a platform game ( think Windows ) .
If Apple 's behavior today leads to an FCC crackdown ( or merely public outrage ) , this could have a major impact on the company 's market share , power , and financial performance in 3 - 5 years .
So the result of this investigation -- and its impact on not only Apple but Google - - are very important .
Here 's Mike :
The first part of Apple ’s argument , that they never rejected the application , is “ a total lie , ” according to many sources with knowledge of the Google Voice application process .
The second part of Apple ’s argument , that the Google Voice application hurts the iPhone ’s distinctive user experience , is seriously misleading ...
Here ’s the key language from Apple ’s letter , with my comments :
Apple : “ Contrary to published reports , Apple has not rejected the Google Voice application , and continues to study it . ”
Reality : One third party Google Voice app developer disclosed to us in July that Apple SVP Phil Schiller told them that Google ’s own app would be or already was rejected .
Google also confirmed this to us later .
There is overwhelming evidence that Apple did in fact reject the application .
Apple : “ The application has not been approved because , as submitted for review , it appears to alter the iPhone ’s distinctive user experience by replacing the iPhone ’s core mobile telephone functionality and Apple user interface with its own user interface for telephone calls , text messaging and voicemail .
Apple spent a lot of time and effort developing this distinct and innovative way to seamlessly deliver core functionality of the iPhone . ”
Reality :
This strongly suggests that the Google Voice app replaces much of the core Apple iPhone OS function .
This certainly is n’t accurate , and we believe the statement is misleading .
More details below , but in general the iPhone app is a very light touch and does n’t interfere with any native iPhone apps at all .
Read the whole thing >
After the raid , the federal police covertly assumed control of the forum and began using it to gather evidence about members .
" We can operate in a covert activity here fairly seamlessly with no harm to our members with continual and actual significant penetration , " Neil Gaughan , national manager of the federal police 's High Tech Crimes Operation , told Four Corners .
However , what the federal police did not know was that hackers had already cottoned on to their plan .
Police were monitoring the forum by logging into the account of the administrator they had raided , but this aroused suspicion among members who knew the raid had taken place .
A hacker broke into the federal police 's computer system and , according to a source close to the investigation , accessed both police evidence and intelligence about federal police systems such as its IP addresses .
A spokeswoman for the federal police confirmed that the hacker broke into a computer system used in its investigation but denied that any evidence was compromised , saying the computer was not connected to other federal police systems .
" The AFP has identified a person whom [ sic ] has attempted to access the stand - alone computer system and we are currently working with our law enforcement partners regarding this matter , " the spokeswoman said .
The hacker appears to have been provoked by a message published on the r00t - y0u.org site by the federal police , warning members they were under surveillance and that " all member IP addresses have been logged " , with some arrests having already been made .
In two provocative messages published on anonymous document - sharing site pastebin.com , the hacker slammed the federal police for " making it sound like they can bust ' hackers ' , when all they have done is busted a COUPLE script kiddies " .
" Script kiddies " is hacker parlance for novice hackers .
The second of these messages contained several links to screenshots allegedly proving that the writer had access to the federal police 's server .
These included shots of files containing fake IDs and stolen credit card numbers , as well as the federal police 's server information .
The hacker then defaced the r00t - y0u.org website with the same message it had posted on the anonymous document - sharing site .
The federal police spokeswoman said : " The information posted on the http://pastebin.com website is information contained on a stand - alone [ federal police ] system designed specifically to be used in investigations such as this .
" The information consists of directory file names of previously compromised credentials .
No information or files exist that have , or could have , been compromised . "
The hacker wrote " I could n't stop laughing " on seeing that the federal police 's server was running Windows , which is known among hacker communities for being insecure .
Police had also " left the MYSQL password blank " .
" These dipshits are using an automatic digital forensics and incident response tool , " the hacker wrote .
" All of this [ hacking ] had been done within 30 - 40 minutes .
Could of been faster if I did n't stop to laugh so much . "
Shaon Diwakar , a security consultant at Hack Labs in Sydney , explained how the hack occurred .
" The attacker has discovered that the server did n't have a password for its database application and he has logged on ... and , using a technique called SQL injection , he created a PHP file on the disk and browsed through that PHP file to get complete control of that particular server , " he said .
Diwakar said the hacker would have had access to anything that was stored on the computer .
" When they took this action they should have known that they would have been a big target , so they should have taken more precautions , " he said .
The federal police said it had yet to charge anyone over the r00t - y0u.org forum bust , but " numerous items " were seized and the investigation was ongoing .
It declined to comment further on the case .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - A massive rally in U.S. stocks since March has reawakened bullish spirits , but insiders are jumping out of the market in a sign the run up is getting stretched .
Company executives are selling stock at a rate not seen in two years after a near 50 percent rise in the S&P 500 from a March 9 low .
That suggests directors and managers may think stock prices are nearing the top end of their range in the current economic climate .
There has been a decline in short interest -- borrowed shares sold but not yet repurchased -- which some analysts see as a warning .
Some investors sell short to profit from price declines , and some say the recent rally has been supported by the reversing of short positions .
For brokerage Jefferies & Co. , a significant increase in insider selling transactions as well as a decrease in short interest across most sectors of the S&P 500 demonstrates the weathering of the bear market rally .
Short interest fell in mid-July and firms with insider selling activity outnumber those with buying activity two to one , according to research firm InsiderScore.com .
“ Both of those ( factors ) lends to our general thesis ” that the equity market rally is running on borrowed time , said Patrick Neal , head of U.S. equity strategy at Jefferies & Co .
INSIDE MOVES
Since early March investors have piled back into the stock market in the hope of an economic recovery , bank sector stabilization and expectations many more will follow them .
But there are doubts the run-up is warranted amid signs of a difficult economic recovery .
Increased insider selling has in the past been an indicator of an inflection point for equity markets , said Ben Silverman , director of research at InsiderScore.com .
Sales of stock by company insiders suggests managers have a dim view of the market ’s prospects .
According to InsiderScore , buying peaked this year around the market low in early March .
For the week ended March 3 , six days before the market sank to a 12 - year low , insider bullishness as reflected in buying activity recorded its fourth - highest reading ever .
“ Insiders historically have a strong correlation on a macro level to buying and selling , said Silverman , who is based in Princeton , New Jersey .
“ There ’s a lot of negative signs right now coming from insiders . ”
Jefferies said the selling has taken place in the consumer staples , information technology , materials and energy , and utilities sectors , with Neal pointing to a “ huge ” acceleration in some economically sensitive areas such as energy .
SHORT -COVERING FIZZLES OUT ?
In the second half of July , short positions held by investors fell 10.3 percent on the New York Stock Exchange and 5.1 percent on the Nasdaq , according to the exchanges .
Investors who sell securities short seek to profit from bets the shares will fall .
Short - sellers borrow the shares and then sell them in the hope of buying back the shares at a lower price , pocketing the difference .
The decline in short interest arguably removes a component of what has built the run-up in stocks .
Fewer short positions means less potential short covering .
“ A decrease in short interest takes away one element of support for the market , ” said Neal , who expects the market to pull back after the first week of September .
However , analysts have questioned how much a role short covering has had in the current rally .
“ It ’s a reasonable point if you ’re seeing a 25 to 30 percent drop ( in short positions ) , ” said Eric Newman , a portfolio manager at TFS Capital in West Chester , Pennsylvania .
“ Then , you do n’t have that kind of fuel later on to push the market up , but I do n’t think this is a significant enough move to warrant that . ”
Newman said much of that 10 percent fall in short positions on the New York Stock Exchange was due to a huge drop in bets on Citigroup C.N , which saw a 72 percent decline in short positions on its stock in the second half of July .
Without Citigroup , short positions would have dipped less than 5 percent .
Short interest on the NYSE is still higher now than it was at the beginning of the year , suggesting that a rally that runs on the back of bearish players forced to cover positions is still possible .
Hackers who commandeer your computer are bad enough .
Now scientists worry that someday , they 'll try to take over your brain .
In the past year , researchers have developed technology that makes it possible to use thoughts to operate a computer , maneuver a wheelchair or even use Twitter — all without lifting a finger .
But as neural devices become more complicated — and go wireless — some scientists say the risks of " brain hacking " should be taken seriously .
" Neural devices are innovating at an extremely rapid rate and hold tremendous promise for the future , " said computer security expert Tadayoshi Kohno of the University of Washington .
" But if we do n't start paying attention to security , we 're worried that we might find ourselves in five or 10 years saying we 've made a big mistake . "
Hackers tap into personal computers all the time — but what would happen if they focused their nefarious energy on neural devices , such as the deep - brain stimulators currently used to treat Parkinson 's and depression , or electrode systems for controlling prosthetic limbs ?
According to Kohno and his colleagues , who published their concerns July 1 in Neurosurgical Focus , most current devices carry few security risks .
But as neural engineering becomes more complex and more widespread , the potential for security breaches will mushroom .
For example , the next generation of implantable devices to control prosthetic limbs will likely include wireless controls that allow physicians to remotely adjust settings on the machine .
If neural engineers do n't build in security features such as encryption and access control , an attacker could hijack the device and take over the robotic limb .
" It 's very hard to design complex systems that do n't have bugs , " Kohno said .
" As these medical devices start to become more and more complicated , it gets easier and easier for people to overlook a bug that could become a very serious risk .
It might border on science fiction today , but so did going to the moon 50 years ago . "
Some might question why anyone would want to hack into someone else 's brain , but the researchers say there 's a precedent for using computers to cause neurological harm .
In November 2007 and March 2008 , malicious programmers vandalized epilepsy support websites by putting up flashing animations , which caused seizures in some photo - sensitive patients .
" It happened on two separate occasions , " said computer science graduate student Tamara Denning , a co-author on the paper .
" It 's evidence that people will be malicious and try to compromise peoples ' health using computers , especially if neural devices become more widespread . "
In some cases , patients might even want to hack into their own neural device .
Unlike devices to control prosthetic limbs , which still use wires , many deep brain stimulators already rely on wireless signals .
Hacking into these devices could enable patients to " self - prescribe " elevated moods or pain relief by increasing the activity of the brain 's reward centers .
Despite the risks , Kohno said , most new devices are n't created with security in mind .
Neural engineers carefully consider the safety and reliability of new equipment , and neuroethicists focus on whether a new device fits ethical guidelines .
But until now , few groups have considered how neural devices might be hijacked to perform unintended actions .
This is the first time an academic paper has addressed the topic of " neurosecurity , " a term the group coined to describe their field .
" The security and privacy issues somehow seem to slip by , " Kohno said .
" I would not be surprised if most people working in this space have never thought about security * . " *
Kevin Otto , a bioengineer who studies brain - machine interfaces at Purdue Universty , said he was initially skeptical of the research .
" When I first picked up the paper , I do n't know if I agreed that it was an issue .
But the paper gives a very compelling argument that this is important , and that this is the time to have neural engineers collaborate with security developers . "
It 's never too early to start thinking about security issues , said neural engineer Justin Williams of the University of Wisconsin , who was not involved in the research .
But he stressed that the kinds of devices available today are not susceptible to attack , and that fear of future risks should n't impede progress in the field .
" These kinds of security issues have to proceed in lockstep with the technology , " Williams said .
History provides plenty of examples of why it 's important to think about security before it becomes a problem , Kohno said .
Perhaps the best example is the internet , which was originally conceived as a research project and did n't take security into account .
" Because the internet was not originally designed with security in mind , " the researchers wrote , " it is incredibly challenging — if not impossible — to retrofit the existing internet infrastructure to meet all of today 's security goals . "
Kohno and his colleagues hope to avoid such problems in the neural device world , by getting the community to discuss potential security problems before they become a reality .
" The first thing is to ask ourselves is , ' Could there be a security and privacy problem ? ' "
Kohno said .
" Asking ' Is there a problem ? ' gets you 90 percent there , and that 's the most important thing . "
Via Mind Hacks
See Also :
Image : University of Washington
TOKYO ( AP ) 
A magnitude - 6.8 earthquake hit between Japan 's southernmost islands and the coast of Taiwan on Monday , briefly prompting a tsunami warning , the Japanese Meteorological Agency said .
The quake struck at 8:06 p.m. ET Sunday about 80 miles southwest of Ishigaki .
The Japanese resort island is about 125 miles east of Taiwan and some 1,000 miles south of Tokyo .
The quake struck at a depth of about six miles , the agency said .
TAIWAN : 1,000 still stranded following typhoon Naoto Otake , a police official on Ishigaki , said there were no immediate reports of damage or casualties on the island , which has a population of 40,000 .
" Nothing fell during the quake .
Electricity , water and gas are all working , " Otake said .
He said authorities warned residents to stay away from beaches via speakers on patrolling police cars .
But the agency lifted the tsunami warning 50 minutes later .
Japan is one of the world 's most earthquake - prone countries .
The most recent major quake in Japan killed more than 6,400 people in the western port city of Kobe in January 1995 .
Taiwan 's Central Weather Bureau said the quake was felt there as well .
There were no immediate reports of casualties or damage .
Although the Japanese agency put the preliminary magnitude at 6.8 , Taiwan 's agency recorded it at 6.5 .
The Taiwanese agency said the quake struck at 8:05 ET Sunday , some 118 miles southeast of the east coast city of Hualien .
That puts its epicenter about 160 miles east of the area devastated by Typhoon Morakot on Aug. 8 - 9 .
Taiwan 's president says the storm has claimed about 500 lives .
Efforts are continuing to rescue thousands of people still stranded after floods and mudslides cut off roads .
Copyright 2009 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
It was bad enough when Goldman Sachs decided to pay out huge bonuses to its top employees , when it was n’t so long ago that we were bailing them out .
But banks are generally now doing well .
The exception to this is Morgan Stanley , who just announced their third quarterly loss , and even admitted that it was disappointed with key departments .
So what do they do ?
Morgan Stanley announces that they are allocating $ 3.9 billion for bonuses .
That is a stunning 72 % of net revenues .
I thought the purpose of a bonus was to reward key employees when they did well .
But in the topsy - turvy world of US banks , you get rewarded handsomely even when you do poorly .
When the economy falls apart ( and it is partly your fault ) , you still get your huge bonus .
When other banks are doing well , but you are n’t , you still get your bonus , even though it is almost certainly your fault the bank is not doing well .
Just what do you have to do to not get a bonus ?
Touristic Bias : Why Americans Overrate Europe , and Europeans Underrate America By Bryan Caplan
When Americans visit Europe , they see a lot to like : Charming boulevards , delicious food , and historic cities that feel safe .
When Europeans visit the U.S. , it ’s not so pretty :
While major American cities are impressive , their inhabitants can be more than a little scary even after the sharp decline in crime rates .
From an American or European tourist ’s point of view , Europe seems not just more aesthetic than the U.S. , but more hospitable .
My thesis :
On both sides of the Atlantic , tourists ’ experiences are deeply misleading .
The fact that a country is ( or is n’t ) a nice place to visit often tells you less than zero about whether you would want to live there .
Where American tourists go wrong :
1 . In European countries , historic downtowns of the premiere cities like Paris or Stockholm are by far the best places to live .
Most people in Europe do n’t live in these areas , and ca n’t afford to .
2 . Most of the Europeans who are lucky enough to live in the premiere cities can’t afford to frequently eat in the nice restaurants that delight foreign visitors .
3. “ Efficient public transportation ” and bicycles may seem great to a tourist who eats in restaurants .
They ’re not so great if you ’re a local who needs to get groceries home to make dinner .
In bad weather , subways and bikes are downright awful .
Where European tourists go wrong :
1 . They usually visit the most European places in the U.S. – especially New York City and San Francisco .
Since NYC and SF are basically uglier , scarier versions of the premiere European cities , it ’s natural for tourists to go home with a negative impression .
2 . However , very few Americans live in such cities – even if they can easily afford to .
Why not ?
Because the natural habitat of the American – including most affluent Americans – is the suburb .
It ’s easy to see why tourists do n’t go to the suburbs , because they ’re places to live and work , not places to see .
But almost no one in Europe lives in places as comfortable and convenient as American suburbs :
The houses are spacious , the cars are huge , cheap Big Box stores and chain restaurants are nearby , and ( to quote South Park ) there ’s “ ample parking day or night . ”
Europeans can learn a lot more about the American psyche with a visit to a random CostCo than a visit to the Guggenheim .
3 . If you ’re thinking , “ That ’s great for the middle class , but useless for the poor , ” you ’re mistaken .
The American poor do n’t live in McMansions or drive Hummers .
But by European standards , they have plenty of living space .
More importantly , they own cars , and can afford gas .
( For more info , here ‘s an updated version of a great chapter from Julian Simon ’s edited volume The State of Humanity ) .
If you ’re very wealthy , of course , you can re-create an American living standard in the heart of Europe .
In fact , while Europe is a bad place to get rich , it is arguably the best place to be rich .
Consider : in exchange for steep taxes and tolls , European motorists get the ability and de facto right to drive 100 miles per hour .
If you ’re in the top 5 % of the American income distribution , that ’s a pretty good deal .
For Bill Gates , it ’s a steal .
I suspect that most Europeans – and many Americans – will dismiss my arguments as typical American jingoism .
But look at my anti-nationalist track record – for example here , here , here , and here .
I am proud not to be a loyal American .
Still , as a social scientist , I have to give credit where credit is due .
Europe is a better place for most people to visit .
But America is a better place for most people to live .
The Special Broadcasting Service ( SBS ) of Australia revealed several of these photographs , video of the head slamming , and video of prisoners forced to masturbate , as part of a news report broadcast in 2006 .
But the full collection has not been made available to the public or to a special prosecutor , although it was shown to members of Congress in 2004 .
When these photos are eventually made public , I encourage you to take a good look at them .
After you get over feeling ill , it might be appropriate to consider Congress ' past 5 years of inaction .
You 'll be able to feel sick all over again .
In January 2004 , the military seized photos and videos that were on computers and cell phones at Abu Ghraib prison in Iraq .
Those related to the abuse of prisoners amounted , as far as I know , to those in the collection I 've looked at .
So , this collection does not include images of torture or mistreatment that may have taken place at Abu Ghraib after that date or at other locations at any time .
I have reason to believe that such photos also exist in large quantity and depict types of abuses we have not yet seen .
Most people have seen fewer than 100 photographs from Abu Ghraib .
I have posted online many of those that have been made public .
These are not a bad representative sample of the whole , but they are far from complete .
There are , among the more than 1,200 photos , images of prisoners and of military personnel that have not been published .
There are gruesome scenes here that we have not publicly seen a single image of .
And the images that we have seen are , in most cases , a single image or two from a long series of photos of an incident .
In many cases , the collection includes multiple series of images from one event shot with multiple cameras .
The public images have in many cases been cropped and / or censored to hide faces or genitals .
In the uncropped versions there are , in some cases , additional people in the frame .
Were these Abu Ghraib photos all made public , but those from other times and places kept hidden , and were we unaware of the executive orders , Justice Department memos , presidential signing statements , congressional reports , Red Cross reports , presidential and vice presidential televised confessions , and so forth , the military could still claim this was the isolated work of a few " bad apples " .
But we would have a better understanding of what that work was .
And making these images available to the public , or merely to a special prosecutor , would suggest an interest in seeking accountability for those responsible but not present in the photographs .
On the other hand , hiding the evidence while prosecuting the soldiers who posed in some of the photos looks increasingly like scapegoating for the benefit of the Military Intelligence , CIA , and contractors who instructed the soldiers , as well as the commanders all the way up to the Secretary of Defense who encouraged torture , the lawyers who sought to provide immunity , and the president and vice president who gave the authorizations .
Remember , for Attorney General Eric
Holder to decide that our laws against torture can be enforced , he does not need to wait until each new piece of evidence is revealed and then respond appropriately .
He already has all of this evidence and much more that we know about but have not seen .
The over 1,200 images that I 've seen add to some stories we 've seen sketched out before .
We 've seen the body of murdered prisoner Manadel al - Jamadi packed in ice .
We 've seen Spc. Charles Graner posing with it , and Spc. Sabrina Harman doing the same .
But the fuller collection shows the process of cleaning the body up .
A giant gash in the top of the man 's head is stitched up , his eye patched , etc .
Photos , some of which have been made public , show floors covered with the blood of this victim .
We 've also seen a few images ( one , two , three ) of a man attacked and bitten by dogs .
But the larger series of photos shows us much more of the wounds on his legs and arms , as well as his identification number : 153863 .
Another prisoner with an ID ( 153399 ) is shown missing a good portion of his head .
This is one of a number of dead bodies shown in the photographs .
SBS ( the Australian news outlet ) found an Army report on his death and concluded that these dead prisoners had likely been shot by guards during a riot or murdered by guards in other circumstances .
Others have claimed mortar attacks from outside the prison are to blame .
Charles Graner and Sabrina Harman appear quite a bit in these photos , posing and smiling , but also tending to wounds .
Private Lynndie England appears in a relative few , the ones we 've seen with a thumbs up and pointing at masturbating prisoners .
Other photos show additional military personnel .
In one shot , Graner and two other male soldiers are putting a bag on a prisoner 's head .
In one shot a possible private contractor wears an ID badge .
There are lots of photos among the over 1,200 showing naked prisoners , sometimes chained to bunk beds or with their legs stuck through bars .
There 's a naked prisoner face - down on the ground with blood beside him , and with an MP on his back and two more watching .
We have previously seen and heard about a prisoner who had lost his sanity and covered himself with feces , earning the moniker " shit boy . "
In the larger collection , we see him naked in the shower from the front , wearing white latex gloves .
We see him pinned between stretchers but also standing , sandwiched between foam mattresses chained on him like a robe , with bags tied over his hands , and in other positions .
And he is reportedly the same man shown slamming his head against a door .
We see a naked , hooded prisoner standing on two MRE boxes and bent over .
We see photos shot from a balcony of two prisoners sitting or squatting with their hands behind their heads , one of them on the floor and the other on an MRE box .
We see a prisoner with his ID number written across his naked chest in red marker , and red marker smiley faces drawn on his nipples .
( His number , obscured by his hood , is 200_ _ 4 , where the first missing number is 1 or 7 and the second is 9 or 4 . )
Of course , we also see the simulated electrocution photos of a hooded prisoner standing on an MRE box with wires attached to him .
And we see a prisoner apparently forced to stick a banana in his anus .
We see this young woman lifting her shirt up , but without the cropping , fuzzing , and blacked - out eyes .
We see her together with another young woman .
We see a bunch of photos of these young women posing , fully clothed .
We see the first one clothed and posing with Spc. Sabrina Harman , both smiling .
According to SBS the story is that the two prisoners were picked up on the charge of prostitution .
There are three photos of a little boy , naked , in a robe , and fully dressed .
While it is very disturbing to see this little child 's photos in the middle of this revolting collection , I have no idea what they are doing there or whether he was mistreated , or whether anyone was threatened with his mistreatment .
But I do know that the leading lawyer who facilitated our national torture campaign and famously said that a U.S. president has the right to crush a child 's testicles is a professor at a prestigious university , while his boss is sitting as a life - time judge in the Ninth Circuit because Congress refuses to impeach him .
The current excuse for delay is that the Justice Department plans to release its internal report ( from the Office of Professional Responsibility ) very soon , just as it has been promising for many months .
If Holder finally releases the report and simultaneously announces the appointment of a special prosecutor , two things must happen .
We must not allow Congress to delay impeachment of Bybee any longer with the new excuse that a criminal investigation is underway .
If you had a love - potion , who would you make fall madly in love with you ?
Timothy , prone to escaping his dismal high school reality through dazzling musical daydreams , gets to answer that question in a very real way .
After his eccentric teacher casts him as Puck in A Midsummer Night 's Dream , he stumbles upon a recipe hidden within the script to create the play 's magical , purple love - pansy .
Armed with the pansy , Timothy 's fading spirit soars as he puckishly imposes a new reality by turning much of his narrow - minded town gay , beginning with the rugby - jock of his dreams .
Ensnaring family , friends and enemies in this chaos , Timothy forces them to walk a mile in his musical shoes .
The course of true love never did run smooth ; it 's a bumpy ride .
Written by Anonymous
Western nations are trying to use India 's " profligate reproductive behaviour " to force Delhi to accept legally binding emission reduction targets , India 's environment minister said today .
Speaking at a conference in the Indian capital , organised by Delhi's Centre for Science and Environment , Jairam Ramesh said there was a " move in western countries to bring population into climate change [ negotiations ] .
Influential American thinktanks are asking why should we reward profligate reproductive behaviour ?
Why should we reward India which is adding 14 million people every year ? "
Ramesh 's speech comes as the 100 day countdown begins to the UN climate change summit in Copenhagen , which will agree on a successor to the Kyoto agreement , due to expire in 2012 .
Developing nations such as India and China were not constrained by the Kyoto agreement , and western nations now argue that these rapidly growing economies should sign up to legally binding emission targets .
India 's population of over 1 billion means that while it is the world 's fifth biggest emitter of greenhouse gases , its per capita emissions are just one - twentieth of the United States .
However , its population is rising quickly and the United Nations predicts India will have 1.7 billion people by 2050 – while China will by then have a population of 1.4 billion .
It is understood that American diplomats had raised the issue of overpopulation with the Indian delegation during talks when US secretary of state , Hillary Clinton , visited New Delhi earlier this year .
Ramesh said that at " today 's state of development " India could not and should not accept " legally binding reduction targets " .
The minister added that the Indian government saw per capita emissions rising from one tonne of carbon dioxide to " three or four " by 2030 .
" For us this is about survival .
We need to put electricity into people 's homes and do it cleanly .
You in the west need to live with only one car rather than three .
For you it is about luxury .
For us survival . "
The Indian government – along with 37 other developing nations – has argued that rich nations such as the US should set a goal of cutting emissions by 40 % from 1990 levels by 2020 .
" Once developed countries have shown demonstrable proof of their seriousness then India can think of going to next stage .
At a time when every ( rich ) country is in violation of the Kyoto protocol obligation to ask China and India to take on legal targets smacks of hypocrisy . "
Finance is one of the key sticking points , as poorer nations demand huge amounts of cash to buy technologies and adapt their nations to climate change .
Richer nations have proved reluctant to commit .
One recent estimate , highlighted by Pakistan 's chief Copenhagen negotiator , Farrukh Iqbal Khan , who has worked closely with Indian counterparts , put the cost at £ 265 bn a year .
Asked what he might say to the UK climate change minister , Ed Miliband , who arrives next week , Ramesh said pointed out that the only leader to come up with a " concrete offer ( of money ) " was Gordon Brown .
" He said earlier this year that there should be a fund of $ 100 bn ( £ 60 bn ) .
We do n't know if that is every year or what .
But it is an offer on the table . "
Ramesh , who has just returned from Beijing , said that India and China had agreed to " coordinate all actions " before multilateral meetings .
He said that the only difference was that a Chinese thinktank had called for Beijing to " peak emissions " by 2030 .
Ramesh said the Chinese chief negotiator on climate change had assured him that this was " thinktank policy not government policy " .
� Vidrap�st�tom : Otter P�t� Submitted by : L�szlo Bartosiewicz ,
Institute of Archaeological Sciences , Lorand Eotvos University , Hungary Adapted from : Vasv�ry , Gy , ed. 1840 .
Czifray Istv�n szak�cs mester magyar szak�csk�nyve .
( The cookbook of the master chef Istv�n Czifray ) .
Sixth edition .
Petr�czai Trattner and K�rolyi Publishers , Pest . Recipe 1017 : p. 343 . Butchery and Ethnographic Info :
The smelly meat of carnivorous mammals is avoided in modern day Hungary .
In this recipe , however , such a �non - terrestrial tetrapod� , otter ( Lutra lutra L. 1758 ) , is used in combination with both freshwater and marine fish , carp ( Cyprinus carpio L. 1758 ) and anchovy ( Engraulis cf. Encrasicolus L. 1758 ) .
Otter meat did not fall under dietary restrictions surrounding Lent in the Middle Ages .
Edward Topsell noted in 1607 , that otter is �dressed to be eaten in many places in Germany , and �Carthusian Fryars and Monkes�are forbidden to touch all manner of flesh , of other four - footed beasts , yet they are not prohibited the eating of otters .�
** note from contributor : � If Chris can do mammal recipes , so can I !�
Ingredients : For the Filling : Otter ( when you clean and de-bone the otter , reserve the liver and lungs )
Carp ( broiled and cooled , bones removed )
Anchovy fillets
Red onion , finely chopped
Assorted vegetables , finely chopped
Lemon peel
Butter For the Marinade : Vinegar
Wine
Water
Onions
Thyme
Bayleaf
Lemon peel
For the Crust : � lbs flour
Salt
� lbs butter
2 egg yolks
Sour cream Instructions : Mix together the ingredients for the marinade .
Boil the liquid and pour it over the otter meat , which is left in it to soak for two days .
Drain and chop the meat .
For the dough , spread the lightly salted flour on a board and add the butter to it by hand .
When it is blended , flatten the dough with a rolling pin ; add the two egg yolks and as much sour cream as it takes to moisturize the mix .
Distribute these ingredients evenly , with a large knife .
The dough however should not ever be allowed to become hard .
Avoid handling it too much .
Roll it out three times as thin as possible , always folding it into four .
Do not sprinkle it with more flour than what is necessary to prevent it from sticking .
This dough can be used for anything you like .
Chop up the broiled carp and the liver and lungs of the otter .
Throw these onto hot butter and add the red onion and vegetables and lemon peel .
Cover and steam it , then mix in the anchovies .
Place this along with the otter meat into a dish lined with the piecrust and cover it with the same dough .
Smear the top with a glaze of egg yolk and bake it in the oven .
You can serve it with a nice gravy .
Neither company really cares because both make so much from their core products that it simply does n’t matter .
But companies , like people , strive and dream and in this case both dream , at least sometimes , of destroying the other .
Only they ca n’t  or wo n’t  do it in the end , because it is against the interests of either company to do so .
The vast majority of Google searches are , of course , done on PCs running Microsoft Windows and Internet Explorer .
It is not in Google ’s real interest to displace these products , which have facilitated so much of its success .
Chrome products are given away , so they bring in no revenue for Google , and they do n’t even provide a better search or advertising experience for their users , the company admits .
So why does Google even bother ?
To keep Microsoft on its toes .
What Google ’s chief executive , Eric Schmidt , has to fear more than anything else is that he ’ll awake one day to learn that the Google search engine suddenly does n’t work on any Windows computers : something happened overnight and what worked yesterday does n’t work today .
It would have to be an act of deliberate sabotage on Microsoft ’s part and blatantly illegal , but that does n’t mean it could n’t happen .
Microsoft would claim ignorance and innocence and take days , weeks or months to reverse the effect , during which time Google would have lost billions .
So Google Chrome and Chrome OS and Android are all intended to keep Microsoft on the defensive and less likely to push its own Big Red Button .
This makes even more sense given the recent advent of Microsoft ’s Bing search technology , which performs precisely the same competitive control function against Google .
Bing has n’t a hope of toppling Google as the premier search engine and Microsoft knows it .
To date , Bing ’s success has actually been at the expense of Google ’s competitors , not Google itself .
At the Taiyuan Zoo in northern China 's Shanxi province , a red panda gave birth to two cubs unexpectedly on June 25 .
" No one knew she was pregnant " because the panda 's bushy fur and general plumpness masked her telltale burgeoning stomach , zoo employee Ha Guojiang told China 's state news agency .
Immediately after the two cubs were born , they were abandoned by their mother -- so zoo staff set about finding a suitable adoptive mother .
Several female dogs that had recently given birth to their own litters of puppies were considered for the gig , the Associated Press reports .
Zoo staff chose this willing candidate , a white mixed - breed owned by a farmer who lives in a neighboring suburb .
She takes to her duties so enthusiastically , Ha said , that she sometimes even denies her own puppy milk in favor of the red pandas .
The cubs are reportedly thriving and have doubled in length over the last weeks ( they now measure about 8 inches long ) .
As adults , they 'll be about the size of a house cat ( but with much larger , bushier tails than most cats ) and spend most of their time in trees .
Red pandas are native to China , Myanmar and Nepal ; they 're classified as endangered because of habitat loss as a result of deforestation .
See another photo of the adoptive mom and cubs after the jump !
Only a few hours left to Double your gift
The cap - and - trade climate and energy bill passed by the House last month is not a perfect piece of legislation .
Critics on the right and left have leveled tough criticisms at it , questioning whether it will do much to accomplish its stated goal of cutting carbon emissions or if it will overburden average consumers with high energy prices .
Courtesy sskennel via FlickrThese criticisms , typically , come backed by well - reasoned arguments .
The liberal critique of Waxman - Markey focuses on the questionable decision to give away emissions credits to polluters and concerns that the Agriculture Department , not the EPA , will review and regulate carbon offsets in the farming sector .
Many conservatives , meanwhile , have argued that the best way to curb emissions and spur a clean - energy revolution is with a carbon tax , not a complicated cap - and - trade scheme .
So when the person John McCain once said knows more about energy policy than anyone else in America pens an op - ed for one of the nation ’s highest - regarded newspapers , it ’s time to pay attention and learn something .
Sarah Palin , the soon - to - be - ex - governor of Alaska , has an opinion piece ( a screed , really ) in Tuesday ’s Washington Post in which she shrilly blasts away at “ President Obama ’s cap - and - trade energy plan , ” calling it “ an enormous threat ” to the U.S. economy .
Juicy stuff .
Ordinarily , we ’d let David Roberts out of his cage to respond , but he ’s happily away on vacation .
Joe Romm will surely be along in the morning with a strong piece tearing apart Palin ’s piece .
[ Yep , here ’s his piece . ]
But for now , here are some first thoughts from me :
Palin ’s thesis comes loaded with plenty of rhetoric and zero facts .
It offers nothing more than assertions about the emissions reduction part of the bill , ignores the energy investment and green jobs provisions , blames “ Washington bureaucrats ” for hampering oil development in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge ( not Congress , where elected lawmakers have repeatedly expressed the American public ’s desire to keep ANWR off limits ) , and fails to even take note of the underlying issue — catastrophic climate change .
Could n’t Palin ’s ghostwriters have cribbed from any of the well - researched , highly technical criticisms produced by just about every conservative think tank in the land ?
Grist ’s David Roberts and other contributors have answered every one of Palin ’s “ points ” in the past :
Palin says the bill would result in skyrocketing energy prices .
Higher prices are surely likely , David noted last month , but not on the order of what Palin thinks .
Palin : “ Many states have abundant coal , whose technology is continuously making it into a cleaner energy source . ”
See David ’s debate with clean - coal flack Joe Lucas .
There ’s no such thing as clean coal , and even if the technology appears in 10 - 15 years as predicted , it will be so costly as to effectively raise energy prices substantially on the regular folk Palin claims to be defending .
Palin : “ Westerners literally sit on mountains of oil and gas , and every state can consider the possibility of nuclear energy . ”
See Kate Sheppard ’s piece from last summer .
The oil shale pipe dream has been around since the 1970s .
The fact is , the technology does n’t exist yet to extract it cost - effectively , and wo n’t for many years ( if ever ) .
And extraction comes with a host of environmental problems .
As for the nuclear energy canard , the fact remains that most Americans do n’t want to live anywhere near a nuclear power plant or a storage facility for highly radioactive nuclear waste .
France is a place where bureaucrats truly hold enormous power , and that explains in part why the central government was able to push nuclear so effectively .
Thankfully , our American system is more democratic .
Palin : “ We have an important choice to make .
Do we want to control our energy supply and its environmental impact ?
Or , do we want to outsource it to China , Russia and Saudi Arabia ?
Make no mistake : President Obama ’s plan will result in the latter . ”
Governor , listen closely : oil is a commodity .
Even if we increase domestic production , we ’ll still be held prisoner to Russia ’s and Saudi Arabia ’s ability to meet global demand — demand being driven by China , India and many other developing nations .
Ironically , Palin concludes her piece by asking , “ Can America produce more of its own energy through strategic investments that protect the environment , revive our economy and secure our nation ?
Yes , we can . ”
Yes , governor , we can accomplish that goal .
And there are probably several ways of doing it .
But each path requires thoughtful policymaking , not just hot air for hot air ’s sake .
—
UPDATE : Media Matters now has a quick debunking of Palin ’s op - ed .
And so does The Atlantic and Huffington Post .
KABUL , Afghanistan ( CNN ) --
Making good on a threat of election day violence , the Taliban sliced off the index fingers of at least two people in Kandahar province , according to a vote monitoring group .
Electoral workers count votes at a school in Kabul .
more photos »
After they cast their ballots , the fingers of Afghan voters are stained with ink to prevent them from voting multiple times .
The fingers of the two women in Kandahar , a stronghold of the Taliban , were cut off because they voted , said Nader Naderi of the Free and Fair Election Foundation .
The Taliban had vowed to disrupt Thursday 's election and the risk was too great for some Afghans to venture out , especially in the southern provinces that form the heartland of the radical Islamist group .
Just days ahead of the election , U.S. Marines and other NATO forces carried out military operations to clear and hold sectors that have long been in the Taliban grip , and free up the population to vote .
Sporadic attacks on election day killed 26 people and injured scores more .
Still , Afghan officials hailed the voting as a success .
On Friday , the European Union echoed those sentiments and congratulated Afghanistan for holding elections under what it called challenging circumstances .
Watch how counting is under way in Afghan provinces
" While deploring the loss of life , we believe that the security measures successfully prevented any major disruptions of the elections , " the E.U. said in a statement .
Preliminary results will be announced on a piecemeal basis from Tuesday to September 5 , according to the Independent Election Commission of Afghanistan .
Zekeria Barakzi , the deputy chief electoral officer for the commission , told CNN that as of Friday , the counting was complete in 30 of Afghanistan 's 34 provinces .
Barakzi said that after September 5 there would be a period -- which could last a month -- of accepting objections and complaints about the elections .
A spokeswoman for the American Embassy in Kabul said the United States has " every confidence that they ( the commission members ) will be able to finish this part of the electoral process in a transparent fashion "
Meanwhile , the top two presidential candidates -- President Hamid Karzai and his chief rival Abdullah Abdullah -- positioned themselves as the likely winners in the race .
Karzai's campaign team claimed Friday he was on track for victory in the country 's presidential election , while Abdullah also said he was leading the vote .
Their claims came as election officials said the results of the vote , seen as a judgment on the Karzai government 's efforts in tackling Taliban insurgents , poverty and corruption , would be rolled out starting August 25 .
Meanwhile Abdullah , seen as Karzai's main challenger , told Associated Press Television that he believed he was leading , characterizing the vote count as " promising " despite what he described as sporadic " rigging " across the country .
Thursday 's election , the country 's second since the 2001 fall of the Taliban , was held amid a climate of fear as militants threatened to violently disrupt the process .
Violence on voting day killed 26 Afghans and injured scores more .
U.S. President Barack Obama offered strong praise Friday for the election , calling it " an important step forward " in Afghanistan 's struggle for democracy in the face of ideological extremists .
" The future belongs to those who want to build , not ... destroy , " Obama said at the White House , adding that he was struck by the " courage in the face of intimidation " demonstrated by the millions of Afghans who went to the polls .
All About Afghanistan
Calguns Foundation Receives IRS 501( c ) ( 3 ) Status
What this means for you :
If you 've ever
We will be pulling together a " Thank you " letter campaign for anyone who exceeded $ 200 per calendar year in donations ( which is the level above which you need documentation to take the deduction . )
If anyone else who has donated needs or wants a thank you letter for their records , please email
This also brings up that there is no better time than now to Sykes and
- Gene The Calguns Foundation received our official notification from the IRS that we have qualified for the tax exemption under 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) as a public charity .
The notification was dated 8/14/2009 and is fully retroactive .
What this means for you :
If you 've ever donated to CGF , you can claim that donation as a tax exempt charitable donation or rest easily that your earlier exemption claim is correct .
That treatment is retroactive to our founding in March of 2008 .
This also means that if you have a donation matching program at your employer , CGF is now fully qualified to receive those matching corporate donations .
If you 've held off to take advantage of your company 's matching funds , now is the time to start that paperwork .
We will be pulling together a " Thank you " letter campaign for anyone who exceeded $ 200 per calendar year in donations ( which is the level above which you need documentation to take the deduction . )
If anyone else who has donated needs or wants a thank you letter for their records , please email hoffmang@calgunsfoundation.org and we 'll take care of it .
This also brings up that there is no better time than now to donate to CGF .
With cases likeand Peña underway and our ongoing successful defenses of falsely accused gun owners , your donations go directly to the front line fight for gun rights !- Gene
Gene Hoffman
Chairman , The Calguns Foundation
Opinions posted in this account are my own and not the approved position of any organization .
I read PMs .
But , if you need a response , include an email address or email me directly !
" The problem with being a gun rights supporter is that the left hates guns and the right hates rights . "
- Anon __________________Gene
HoffmanChairman , The Calguns Foundation
DONATE NOW to support the rights of California gun owners .
Follow @CalgunsFdn on Twitter .
Last edited by hoffmang ; 08-24-2009 at 12:33 PM
.. Reason : typo in ( c ) ( 3 )
Dandelion Salad
Note : replaced video Oct. 6 , 2012
“ [ This ] is a 2008 film directed by Marie - Monique Robin .
Originally released in French as Le monde selon Monsanto , the film is based on Robin ’s three - year - long investigation into the corporate practices around the world of the United States multinational corporation , Monsanto .
The World According to Monsanto is also the title of a book written by Robin . ”
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_World_According_to_Monsanto
oCERT -2009-007 FCKeditor input sanitization errors
Description :
FCKeditor , a web based open source HTML text editor , suffers from a remote file upload vulnerability .
The input passed to the CurrentFolder parameter in several connector modules is not properly verified before being used , this leads to exposure of the contents of arbitrary directories on the server filesystem and allows file uploading to arbitrary locations .
The affected code is remotely exposed before authentication .
An attacker can exploit this vulnerability to install remote shells on the victim server among other things , it should be noted that this vulnerability is being actively exploited in the wild .
Additionally several XSS vulnerabilities are present in the packaged samples directory .
While upgrading is strongly recommended the following mitigation instructions can be implemented as a workaround :
removed unused connectors from ' editor\filemanager\connectors '
disable the file browser in config.ext
inspect the default upload path ( eg. ' / userfiles / ' ) for suspicious files
inspect all fckeditor folders on the server for suspicious files that may have been uploaded , as an example image directories ( eg. ' fckeditor/editor /images / ...' ) are well known target locations for remote php shells with extensions that match image files
remove the ' _samples ' directory
Affected version :
FCKeditor <= 2.6.4
( version 3.0 is unaffected as it does not have any built - in file browser )
The following packages were identified as affected as they statically include fckeditor in their own packages .
Knowledgeroot <= 0.9.9
GForge <= 5.6.1
Fixed version :
FCKeditor >= 2.6.4.1
Knowledgeroot >= 0.9.9.1
GForge , N / A
Credit : vulnerability report received from Vinny Guido < bigvin [ at ] hushmail [ dot ] com >.
CVE : CVE - 2009 - 2265
2009 -05-03 : vulnerability reported received
2009 -05 - 04 : contacted fckeditor maintainer
2009 - 05 - 25 : maintainer denies reported issues against latest version
2009 - 05 - 25 : reporter confirms that latest version is affected
2009 - 06 - 21 : maintainer forwards report to project security maintainer
2009 - 06 - 23 : security maintainer confirms CurrentFolder vulnerability
2009 - 06 - 24 : security maintainer provides patch
2009 -06 - 29 : assigned CVE
2009 -07-03 : reporter and oCERT request disclosure , maintainer requests embargo until security release
2009 -07-03 : preliminary advisory release with mitigation instructions due to wide exposure of the issue
2009 -07 -06 : added more affected packages , security patch provided to affected vendors
2009-07-06 : fckeditor 2.6.4.1 released
2009 -07-07 : updated workarounds list
2009-07-07 : knowledgeroot 0.9.9.1 released
WASHINGTON ( AP )  Mississippi's still king of cellulite , but an ominous tide is rolling toward the Medicare doctors in neighboring Alabama : obese baby boomers .
It 's time for the nation 's annual obesity rankings and , outside of fairly lean Colorado , there 's little good news .
Obesity rates among adults rose in 23 states over the past year and did n't decline anywhere , says a new report from the Trust for America 's Health and the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation .
Ohio ranked in the top 10 for adult obesity .
And while the nation has long been bracing for a surge in Medicare as the boomers start turning 65 , the new report makes clear that fat , not just age , will fuel much of those bills .
In every state , the rate of obesity is higher among 55 - to 64 - year - olds — the oldest boomers — than among today 's 65 - and - beyond .
That translates into a coming jump of obese Medicare patients that ranges from 5.2 % in New York to a high of 16.3 % in Alabama , the report concluded .
In Alabama , nearly 39 % of the oldest boomers are obese .
Health economists once made the harsh financial calculation that the obese would save money by dying sooner , notes Jeff Levi , executive director of the Trust , a nonprofit public health group .
But more recent research instead suggests they live nearly as long but are much sicker for longer , requiring such costly interventions as knee replacements and diabetes care and dialysis .
Studies show Medicare spends anywhere from $ 1,400 to $ 6,000 more annually on health care for an obese senior than for the non-obese .
" There is n't a magic bullet .
We do n't have a pill for it , " said Levi , whose group is pushing for health reform legislation to include community - level programs that help people make healthier choices — like building sidewalks so people can walk their neighborhoods instead of drive , and providing healthier school lunches .
" It 's not going to be solved in the doctor 's office but in the community , where we change norms , " Levi said .
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has long said that nearly a third of Americans are obese .
The Trust report uses somewhat more conservative CDC surveys for a closer state - by - state look .
Among the findings :
• Mississippi had the highest rate of adult obesity , 32.5 % , for the fifth year in a row .
• Three additional states now have adult obesity rates above 30 % , including Alabama , 31.2 % ; West Virginia , 31.1 % ; and Tennessee , 30.2 % .
Ohio ranked 10th with an adult obesity rate of 28.6 % .
• Colorado had the lowest rate of obese adults , at 18.9 % , followed by Massachusetts , 21.2 % ; and Connecticut , 21.3 % .
• Mississippi also had the highest rate of overweight and obese children , at 44.4 % .
It 's followed by Arkansas , 37.5 % ; and Georgia , 37.3 % .
• Following Alabama , Michigan ranks No. 2 with the most obese 55 - to 64 - year - olds , 36 % .
Colorado has the lowest rate , 21.8 % .
Copyright 2009 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
The continuing ability of Big Finance to play our elected representatives , and thus the taxpayer , should surprise no one .
This is about organized money against relative diffuse public interests .
It ’s Mancur Olson ’s Logic of Collective Action meets sophisticated media managers with experience in emerging market crises – they know that as long as you can look confident and pump in money , everything turns around and people forget ( and then you can re-run the show ) .
More puzzling is the reluctance of other well - organized interest groups to act against Big Finance .
In particular , powerful business groups – like Independent Community Bankers of America – understand very well what happened and the way in which are largest banks were responsible .
Yet they refuse to push for regulatory reform , either in broad terms or with regard to consumer protection ( e.g. , see their policy statements ; recent testimony ) .
Their reasoning is fascinating but completely wrong .
Community bankers have convinced themselves that any new regulatory burden will fall disproportionately on themselves .
They are particularly concerned about the consequences of a Consumer Financial Protection Agency ( CFPA ) .
But complexity , disinformation , and ill - treatment of consumers are absolutely not in the interest of community bankers .
They mostly engage in simple transparent transactions – the kind that the CFPA would wave through .
How are community bankers helped by consumer rip - offs run by the largest banks ?
Those schemes undermine consumer purchasing power , destroy confidence , and lead to periodic crises – macroeconomic , regional , and personal .
The big banks may renounce such behavior for the future , but anyone in the industry knows that their incentives are quite to the contrary .
But there ’s more .
The fall - off in consumer spending affects commercial real estate , particularly through its impact on retail space .
Community bankers have a major exposure to this sector .
This may seem like an indirect mechanism , but the banks know very well what is happening and why .
And that ’s not all .
The increase in government debt today , taken on as a crisis - fighting measure , means higher taxes for someone tomorrow .
Community bankers earn decent incomes and should start putting some of that aside to pay for the misbehavior of big bad banks down the road .
Protecting consumers properly is essential to sustained recovery .
It wo n’t by itself necessarily prevent future crises , but it can limit their impact and their costs .
It also tilts the playing field – for once – away from the biggest financial players and towards some of our smaller and better run banks and credit unions .
By Simon Johnson
Blog # 69 : The Summer of 69 : An Oral History
( To view the blog click here )
I think the title basically speaks for itself for this , my 69th blog .
I feel mildly guilty … mildly .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Will Orange County look like this in a few years ?
As many of you may know , Ladera Ranch 's Mercantile West Shopping Center was raided by graffiti -happy taggers ( and if you still have no idea what I 'm talking about either get with it or read the article above . )
With obscene and demeaning phrases written on the walls of shops that men , women and children shop at everyday , California 's once aesthetically flawless counties just became flawed .
And although the racial slurs were cleaned up , I ca n’t help but wonder what ’s next for the once quaint and Mayberry - esque County ?
At times , the majority of the O.C. seems a little too perfect .
Nowhere else do physically flawless people drive to their chocolate box homes in shiny coupes and go to bed in 5,000 thread - count sheets , all the while not worrying about the fact that their front doors are unlocked .
Do n’t get me wrong — I ’m far from deeming the streets of Orange County as daunting .
I do n’t think the ‘ burbs will be sporting telephone pole - hanging Converse anytime soon .
Half of the people ( kids , really ) responsible for these markings probably live in Coto de Caza or some other affluent neighborhood of Orange County and have nothing else better to do than paint with the permanent markers bought with their parents ' money .
Do they know that they live in a place commonly referred to as “ the bubble ” ?
Aspiring O.C. gangs , please understand that the rest of the the state pokes fun at our Orange Curtain concealed ways of life .
After all , a city / county that doubles as a “ Real Housewives ” set ca n’t be too threatening , right ?
So while we do n’t see cop cars infiltrating our neighborhoods to the point where we do n’t blink twice when seeing the red and blue flashers reflecting off our backyard walls , we do see tagged walls more than we ’d like to .
But the real question is : why ?
What are these professional calligraphers trying to tell us ?
Are these so - called gangs nothing more than medieval hoodlums attempting to inform us of the king ’s arrival ?
Taggers : this is n’t the fifteenth century .
Ornate cursive went out of style with knights and goblets .
I get perplexed when attempting to decipher the motives behind the silly actions of these wannabe thugs .
While I can understand the point of “ marking your territory ” ( which I thought only male dogs did on walks )
I just do not understand why they feel compelled to write their crew info in flamboyant font .
Perhaps they lost the identification bracelet they had when they were 5 - years - old and a personalized wall containing all the important information is the next best thing .
I ’m surprised I ’ve never seen a wall with grade , room number and teacher ’s name written in three tidy lines .
My advice ?
These cookie - cutter criminals need to go and scribble on some parchment paper with a quill pen if they desire a penmanship - practice fest .
Office Depot is open pretty late and fresh ink and feathers are n’t that expensive these days .
Buy some tape , mount it in an alley and the O.C. taggers have successfully informed other Orange County hooligans — who so successfully display accurate adult male golden - retriever behavior — that that wall is their wall .
Please report any local graffiti sightings to your Orange County Sherriff ’s Department .
If you are not quite sure where to find these calligraphers , please visit their best friends — your local blacksmith , shoemaker or welder — at your nearest bazaar as they are likely to be hanging out in the back room .
Quick quiz for fans of Stephenie Meyer 's Twilight series of young adult vampire novels :
What is Bella 's favourite book ?
If you said Wuthering Heights by Emily Brontë , then give yourself a point .
I , too , will give myself a point for knowing this , although I confess I cheated : I have n't read Twilight or any of its sequels , nor have I seen the film , and I do n't have the faintest clue who Bella is .
I do know what her favourite read is , though , because a cover for a new edition of Wuthering Heights tells me so .
Novels getting a makeover because of a TV or movie adaptation is nothing new , though this is perhaps the first time I 've ever seen a classic of English literature get re-branded because it is the favourite book of a character in another work of fiction .
And it is n't just the metaphysical endorsement from Twilight 's Bella … the new edition of Wuthering Heights , from Harper , borrows the contemporary Gothic design style of Meyer 's successful series .
The American edition , coming in October , re-presents the Brontë novel with a cover comprising a black background and blood - red rose , while the UK edition opts for a tender white bloom , and the very vampiric cover blurb : Love Never Dies .
Should we be appalled , or approving of this latest move ?
Those of us who find ourselves shaking our heads and muttering , " Dreadful , dreadful " , are possibly marvelling at the chutzpah of those who would make an enduring classic such as Wuthering Heights ( they 're still making telly out of it , 160 - odd years on ) into a pale imitation of a mass - market publishing phenomenon aimed at adolescent girls .
Those of us who do n't find it too offensive may be ruminating on all the extra sales that Wuthering Heights might pick up thanks to Meyer 's championing of it , and on the young readers who might otherwise not have been exposed to the Brontë novel – at least one blogger is reading her way through all the classic novels namechecked in the Twilight books , and reporting back on her blog , Bella 's Bookshelf .
Controversy over the marketing of books is nothing new , of course .
Last year Margaret Drabble complained , " I have had a weird feeling that I 'm being dumbed down by my publishers and it's interesting there 's an agenda of how it should be in the marketplace . "
Around the same time , Fay Weldon – author of such books as The Life and Loves of a She Devil , featuring a distinctly un-slender protagonist – expressed her displeasure that her back catalogue was being reissued with misleading chick - lit style covers featuring " little drawings of rather absurd people on pink and blue covers " .
There might be an argument that it is the writer 's job purely to write , and that it is the marketing department of a publishing house which is responsible for ensuring that the end result sells to the widest possible audience .
That does n't mean the choices for book covers is always right , though , as Australian author Justine Larbalestier found when she successfully tackled her American publishers over the US cover of her novel Liar .
The children 's book has " a short - haired black girl called Micah " as its central character ; Bloomsbury 's first go at a cover featured a long - haired white girl .
Bloomsbury backed down .
Quite what Emily Brontë would make of it all is anyone 's guess , although she would probably be quite gratified to actually have her name on the latest editions of Wuthering Heights – like her sisters , in her early career she adopted a male - sounding name , Ellis Bell , to overcome the prejudice against women writers .
There 's a fair chance , though , that she might be spinning in her grave at the thought that her work is best marketed with the intimation that it is a pale imitation of Stephenie Meyer .
And that 's not a course of action which is to be encouraged , given the latest publishing fad for mashing up classic texts , re-inventing them as gory horror stories , and flogging them to the Twilight generation .
The night Max wore his wolf suit and made mischief of one kind and another his mother called him “ WILD THING ! ” and Max said “ I’LL EAT YOU UP ! ” so he was sent to bed without eating anything .
Quotations
By GottaLaff
Just follow the bouncing ball arrow !
( click on image to enlarge )
We could turn this into a freakin ' board ( no pun ) game .
Transforming the oil industry ( Image : Agencia EFE / Rex Features )
Genome pioneer Craig Venter has teamed up with Exxon Mobil to turn living algae into mini oil wells .
How will they do it ?
Algae that can turn carbon dioxide back into fossil fuel – it sounds too good to be true .
How is this going to work ?
Algae use carbon dioxide to generate a number of oil molecules , via photosynthesis , as a way of storing energy .
People have been trying to make them overproduce the oil and store it .
We ’re changing the algae ’s gene structure to get them to produce hydrocarbons …
( Updated 9/2/2009 , but still unfinished ; see other ’s work on this that I ’ve collected )
I never took a statistics class , so I only know the kind of statistics you learn on the street .
But now that I ’m in global health research , I ’ve been doing a lot of on - the - job learning .
This post is about something I ’ve been reading about recently , how to decide if a simple statistical model is sufficient or if the data demands a more complicated one .
To keep the matter concrete ( and controversial ) I ’ll focus on a claim from a recent paper in Nature that my colleague , Haidong Wang , choose for our IHME journal club last week : Advances in development reverse fertility declines .
The title of this short letter boldly claims a causal link between total fertility rate ( an instantaneous measure of how many babies a population is making ) and the human development index ( a composite measure of how “ developed ” a country is , on a scale of 0 to 1 ) .
Exhibit A in their case is the following figure :
An astute observer of this chart might ask , “ what ’s up with the scales on those axes ? ”
But this post is not about the visual display of quantitative information .
It is about deciding if the data has a piecewise linear relationship that Myrskyla et al claim , and doing it in a Bayesian framework with Python and PyMC .
But let ’s start with a figure where the axes have a familiar linear scale !
I was able to produce this alternative plot without working much because the authors and the journal made their dataset easily available on the web as a csv file .
Thanks , all !
In fact , they have provided more data than 1975 and 2005 .
Here is everything from the years in between as well :
Since we discussed this in journal club , I can now repeat my fellow post - docs ’ observations and sound smart .
In fact , I already did with that bit about the axes being on a non-linear ( and non-logarithmic ) scale .
The letter claims that there is a breakpoint around human development index .86 , and the data is piecewise linear with decreasing slope below this value , and increasing above .
The next observation that is not mine originally , is that the data also looks like a quadratic would fit it pretty well .
To be slightly more formal , here are two alternative models for the association between HDI and TFR :
and
How should I decide between these two models ?
Well , I ’m open to suggestions , but I learned about one way when I read a citation classic by UW statistician Adrian Raftery and co-author about Bayes Factors .
They describe the ratio .
If K is more than 3.2 , this constitutes “ substantial ” evidence that model 2 is superior .
Since I ’ve titled this post in the form of a tutorial , I ’m now going to go through calculating the Bayes factor with MCMC in Python , which turns out to be a slightly challenging computation ( but easy to code ; thanks , PyMC ! ) .
To set up the models in the fully Bayesian way , we need some priors , which I ’ve made up below in a convenient , reusable form :
class linear : def __init__( self , X , Y , order=1 , mu_beta=None , sigma_beta=1. , mu_sigma=1. ) : if mu_beta == None : mu_beta = zeros ( order +1 ) self.beta = Normal ( ' beta ' , mu_beta , sigma_beta**- 2 ) self.sigma = Gamma ( ' standard error ' , 1. , 1./mu_sigma ) @potential def data_potential ( beta=self.beta , sigma=self.sigma , X=X , Y=Y ) : mu = self .
predict ( beta , X ) return normal_like (Y , mu , 1 / sigm a * * 2 ) self .
data_potential = data_potential def predict ( self , beta , X ) : return polyval ( beta , X ) def logp ( self ) : logp = [ ] for beta_val , sigma_val in zip( self.beta.trace ( ) , self.sigma.trace ( ) ) : self.beta.value = beta_val self.sigma.value = sigma_val logp.append(Model(self ).logp ) return array ( logp )
and
class piecewise_linear : def __init__( self , X , Y , breakpoint=.86 , mu_beta= [ 0. , 0. , 0. ] , sigma_beta=1. , mu_sigma=1. ) : self.breakpoint=breakpoint self.beta = Normal ( ' beta ' , mu_beta , sigma_beta**- 2 ) self.sigma = Gamma ( ' standard error ' , 1. , 1./mu_sigma ) @potential def data_potential ( beta=self.beta , sigma=self.sigma , X=X , Y=Y , breakpoint=self.breakpoint ) : mu = self .
predict ( beta , breakpoint , X ) return normal_like (Y , mu , 1 / sigm a * * 2 ) self .
data_potential = data_potential def predict ( self , beta , breakpoint , X ) : very_high_dev_indicator =
X &gt ;= breakpoint mu = ( beta [ 0 ] + beta [ 1 ] *( X - breakpoint ) ) * ( 1 - very_high_dev_indicator ) mu += ( bet a [ 0 ] + bet a [ 2 ] *( X - breakpoint ) ) * very_high_dev_indicator return mu def logp ( self , beta_val=None , sigma_val =None , breakpoint_val =None ) : for beta_val , sigma_val in zip( self.beta.trace ( ) , self.sigma.trace ( ) ) : self.beta.value = beta_val self.sigma.value = sigma_val logp.append( Model(self ).logp ) return array ( logp )
Then to try to calculate the Bayes factor , I can draw samples from the posterior distribution of each model , and look at the harmonic mean of their posterior liklihoods .
def bayes_factor ( m1 , m2 , iter=1e6 , burn=25000 , thin=10 , verbose=0 ) : MCMC ( m1 ) .sample ( iter , burn , thin , verbose=verbose ) logp1 = m 1.logp ( ) MCMC ( m2 ) .sample ( iter , burn , thin , verbose=verbose ) logp2 = m 2.logp ( ) mu_logp = mean ( logp2 ) K = exp(pymc.flib.logsum(-logp1 ) - log( len( logp1 ) ) - ( pymc.flib.logsum(-logp2 ) - log( len ( logp2 ) ) ) ) return K
Unfortunately , it seems to take a prohibitively large number of samples to get the same average twice .
To make it all run , I ’ve made a little module to load the data , but I wo n’t bore you with the details ; it ’s online here if you want to play around with it yourself .
>>> import data >>> m1=models.linear(X=data.hdi , Y=data.tfr , order=2 ) >>>
m2=models.piecewise_linear(X=data.hdi , Y=data.tfr , mu_beta= [ 1,-10,1 ] ) >>> model_selection.bayes_factor(m1 , m2 , iter=1e7 )
According to the Bayes factor , the piecewise linear model is ( to be filled in soon ) better than the quadratic model .
Or , more quantitatively , the observed data is ( tba ) times more likely under model 2 than model 1 . Cool !
As a side - effect , this yields an alternative way to ask if the association on the “ high development ” piece of the piecewise model is really positive :
>>> m2 = models.piecewise_linear(X=data.hdi , Y=data.tfr , breakpoint=.86 , mu_beta= [ 1,-8,1 ] , sigma_beta=1. , mu_sigma=.1 ) >>>
MCMC(m2).sample( iter=1000*1000+20000 , thin=1000 , burn=20000 , verbose=1 ) >>> m2.beta.stats ( ) [ ' 95 % HPD interval ' ] array ( [ [ 1.91520875 , 2.01669476 ] , [- 9.84036014 , -9.48869047 ] , [- 3.85410676 , -1.23869569 ] ] ) >>> m2.beta.stats ( ) [ ' mean ' ] array ( [ 1.96932651 , - 9.66349812 , -2.5683748 ])
The research questions for the computer scientist in me are : did I draw enough samples to get a correct answer ?
and did I really need to draw that many ?
The tentative answers are no and no !
See the comments for leads on more efficient schemes .
Why exactly does George W. Bush think he has even a smidgen of credibility when discussing economic issues ?
Here 's what he said yesterday :
" I know it 's going to be the private sector that leads this country out of the current economic times we 're in , " the former president said to applause from members of a local business group .
" You can spend your money better than the government can spend your money . "
Repeatedly in his hourlong speech and question - and - answer session , Mr. Bush said he would not directly criticize the new president , who has moved to take over financial institutions and several large corporations .
Several times , however , he took direct aim at Obama policies as he defended his own during eight years in office .
" Government does not create wealth .
The major role for the government is to create an environment where people take risks to expand the job rate in the United States , " he said to huge cheers .
Brian Williams briefly mentioned it in his newscast yesterday , pointing out that it was actually Bush who signed the first bailout packages for the banks and auto and insurance industries .
But that was really only the half of it .
Ed Shultz , on his MSNBC show yesterday , did an admirable job of tackling the rest of the matter :
What did he do ?
Attack the president of the United States and basically did what he does pretty well , which is rewrite history .
Now Bush is babbling , trying to make sense out of the worst eight years this country has ever had since the Great Depression .
And if he ‘s going to go out and do this , and I think we need to remind the American people , and I think we have an obligation to say this — Bush gave us what ?
Record deficits , record foreign debt , record trade deficits , butchering the middle class , letting the financial sector run wild with absolutely no oversight .
Those are a just a few things — I do n‘t have a whole hour to do this , but the American people are not stupid .
Our new NBC
News poll proves this .
The American people do not blame Barack Obama for the fiscal condition of this country .
Here are the numbers .
Fifty - three percent say that Bush and the congressional Republicans are to blame .
Only six percent blame President Obama .
Now , weeks ago , the president said he did n‘t want to second - guess the current president .
That ‘s exactly what he ‘s doing .
Bush is lying and he is setting the framework for the Republicans to make the case against President Obama at a very tough time .
Gosh , how one speech can change people .
It ‘s almost like the state of the union address , the 16 words .
This is the last person that anybody in the Obama administration should pay attention to .
Bush has no credibility .
He has no authority .
He has no clue what ‘s going on .
You see , he did n‘t stop with the economy .
Brainless
Bush went out and goes after , with a generic statement about health care reform .
He really cared about that .
He goes on to say , “ There are a lot of way to remedy the situation without nationalizing health care . ”
He also said - “ You can spend your money better than the government can spend your money . ”
I tell you what , just a couple of dandies out there on the rubber - chicken circuit .
This is a man who sat there for eight years — eight years — and did absolutely nothing when it comes to the number one issue in this country for families , which is health care .
He told you to go out and get a private savings account .
This is vintage Bush , appealing to the lowest common denominator when it comes to the problems we face as a country .
I guess you could say that things have n‘t changed .
They think we ‘re stupid .
But in the words of the former president , “ Fool me once , you can‘t get fooled again , or whatever that was . ”
Thanks , Ed. Somebody needed to say it .
Too bad you seem to have been one of the few doing so .
Despite being polar opposites in politics , Bill Clinton and Kim Jong - il are united by a love not merely of big hair but of the noble game of golf .
Trouble is , both men are also known for the " creative accounting " when it comes to totting up their scorecards .
In October 1994 , for instance , the Dear Leader played his first ever round of golf at the testing 7,700 - yard championship course at Pyongyang , and , according to the state media , completed all 18 holes in a mere 34 shots , a score some 25 shots lower than the next best round in history .
What made his performance even more astonishing , if that were possible , was that Kim also recorded no less than five holes - in - one on his way round .
With the odds of getting a single hole - in - one calculated by Golf Digest at around 12,000 - 1 , to get five , and in your very first round , and without a single lesson , suggests true and unequivocal omnipotence .
Clinton , meanwhile , has long been obsessed with the size of his handicap .
Having honed his swing in Little Rock when he was governor of Arkansas , Clinton still managed to squeeze in four rounds a month after he was elected president and could often be found practising on the White House putting green installed by Eisenhower .
But practice did n't make perfect .
When the New York Times reporter Don Van Natta Jr played with Clinton in 2000 , the duffer - in - chief simply replayed any of his stray shots , leading Van Natta to conclude that " [ Clinton ] followed the rules . . . for about a hole and a half . "
These questions have no right or wrong answers .
Because sometimes asking the right questions is the answer .
How old would you be if you did n’t know how old you are ?
Which is worse , failing or never trying ?
If life is so short , why do we do so many things we do n’t like and like so many things we do n’t do ?
When it ’s all said and done , will you have said more than you ’ve done ?
What is the one thing you ’d most like to change about the world ?
If happiness was the national currency , what kind of work would make you rich ?
Are you doing what you believe in , or are you settling for what you are doing ?
If the average human life span was 40 years , how would you live your life differently ?
To what degree have you actually controlled the course your life has taken ?
Are you more worried about doing things right , or doing the right things ?
You ’re having lunch with three people you respect and admire .
They all start criticizing a close friend of yours , not knowing she is your friend .
The criticism is distasteful and unjustified .
What do you do ?
If you could offer a newborn child only one piece of advice , what would it be ?
Would you break the law to save a loved one ?
Have you ever seen insanity where you later saw creativity ?
What ’s something you know you do differently than most people ?
How come the things that make you happy do n’t make everyone happy ?
What one thing have you not done that you really want to do ?
What ’s holding you back ?
Are you holding onto something you need to let go of ?
If you had to move to a state or country besides the one you currently live in , where would you move and why ?
Do you push the elevator button more than once ?
Do you really believe it makes the elevator faster ?
Would you rather be a worried genius or a joyful simpleton ?
Why are you , you ?
Have you been the kind of friend you want as a friend ?
Which is worse , when a good friend moves away , or losing touch with a good friend who lives right near you ?
What are you most grateful for ?
Would you rather lose all of your old memories , or never be able to make new ones ?
Is is possible to know the truth without challenging it first ?
Has your greatest fear ever come true ?
Do you remember that time 5 years ago when you were extremely upset ?
Does it really matter now ?
What is your happiest childhood memory ?
What makes it so special ?
At what time in your recent past have you felt most passionate and alive ?
If not now , then when ?
If you have n’t achieved it yet , what do you have to lose ?
Have you ever been with someone , said nothing , and walked away feeling like you just had the best conversation ever ?
Why do religions that support love cause so many wars ?
Is it possible to know , without a doubt , what is good and what is evil ?
If you just won a million dollars , would you quit your job ?
Would you rather have less work to do , or more work you actually enjoy doing ?
Do you feel like you ’ve lived this day a hundred times before ?
When was the last time you marched into the dark with only the soft glow of an idea you strongly believed in ?
If you knew that everyone you know was going to die tomorrow , who would you visit today ?
Would you be willing to reduce your life expectancy by 10 years to become extremely attractive or famous ?
What is the difference between being alive and truly living ?
When is it time to stop calculating risk and rewards , and just go ahead and do what you know is right ?
If we learn from our mistakes , why are we always so afraid to make a mistake ?
What would you do differently if you knew nobody would judge you ?
When was the last time you noticed the sound of your own breathing ?
What do you love ?
Have any of your recent actions openly expressed this love ?
In 5 years from now , will you remember what you did yesterday ?
What about the day before that ?
Or the day before that ?
Decisions are being made right now .
The question is :
Are you making them for yourself , or are you letting others make them for you ?
Please share your thoughts with us in the comments section below .
And check out these books for more thought - provoking questions :
Headed this week to the Grand Canyon in our old Winnebago RV ( now minus mice , we think ) Mary Alyce , the boys and I stopped outside Kingman , Arizona at this place , freshjerky.com , managed by Gus , whom you ’ll find pictured below , handsome devil that he is .
And that ’s Mary Alyce taking pictures of the boys in the Freshjerky parking lot at left .
Just as the sign says , Freshjerky has a limited product selection — various kinds of meat jerky including buffalo ; honey ( minus “ expanders , ” whatever those are ) ; olives ; nuts , and cold drinks .
Everything is very good for what it is and nothing is particularly cheap .
Nobody goes to Freshjerky , for example , to buy cheap jerky .
That ’s why God invented truck stops .
But Freshjerky is a terrific example of American enterprise and how easy it can be to find a niche in our enormous and varied consumer economy .
I found it hard to believe at first that people would really be drawn to such a place ( Mary Alyce is the jerky fan in our family ) .
And from one look at Gus , handing out tiny bites of cowboy jerky to lure customers , they are n’t drawn by his innate sex appeal .
So how is the company doing ?
Just fine , thanks , though most of the sales are online — about $ 2 million per year .
The recession has had no significant impact yet on Freshjerky sales , according to Gus .
This is , in a way , a story similar to Parrot Secrets , which caused such a furor in this space a few months ago .
Freshjerky is perfectly mundane .
There is nothing Gus does that any of us could n’t do as well — nothing .
But he ’s the guy selling $ 2 million per year online from a quarter acre beside the highway outside Kingman , Arizona , and we are n’t .
Heck , if Gus can do it why ca n’t we all ?
Well we can .
And in the current recession , as more jobs are lost and people become desperate for work , more of us should try channeling our internal Gus .
We could make our own declarations of indendence by coming up with our own something good to sell .
With 42 fans dead during ten years of football violence , Brazil tops the world ’s tragic list , according to a study .
The study ’s authors said on Sunday that the numbers were of major concern , especially with Brazil ’s role as host to the 2014 FIFA World Cup .
The study included deaths that occurred in or around the stadium during violent clashes with other fans , said Mauricio Murad of the University of the State of Rio de Janeiro .
The study , called A Sad , Perverse Achievement , covered the time frame from1999 to 2008 .
“ As we began the study , Brazil was in third place in comparison to other countries .
Italy topped the list , followed by Argentina and Brazil , ” Murad said on Sunday in an interview with the state news agency Agencia Brazil .
Ten years after the study began , Brazil leads the list .
The violence is according to Murad a major concern for the country , especially with its role in 2014 .
Public security is a major issue at the World Cup events .
One reason for the disturbing trend is that Brazil in the past has failed to enact laws to address violence between rival fan groups , the scientists said .
Italy had taken such reform steps , the authors noted .
“ In Brazil , there has unfortunately been insufficient substantive reactions , ” he said .
He said it was unsettling that the number of dead has climbed in the course of the years .
On average , 4.2 Brazilian fans were killed every year over the ten - year period .
Between 2004 and 2008 , the average was 5.6 deaths per year , and in 2007 and 2008 , there were seven killed each year .
“ The violence in football is growing because overall violence in the country is increasing .
Violence is on the increase because of lack of punishment for crimes and corruption , ” Murad charged .
The study was based on newspaper and other media reports , which were later confirmed by court forensics specialists and police officials .
Mr Netanyahu marked 42 years since Jerusalem was annexed
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has said Jerusalem will never again be divided , at a ceremony marking 42 years of annexation .
" United Jerusalem is Israel 's capital .
Jerusalem was always ours and will always be ours .
It will never again be partitioned and divided , " he said .
The US has always said Jerusalem 's fate should be negotiated as part of a peace plan with the Palestinians .
Earlier , Israeli police demolished illegal settlements in the West Bank .
Mr Netanyahu spoke at a ceremony commemorating 42 years since Israel captured East Jerusalem .
Israel took the whole of Jerusalem in 1967 and extended the city 's municipal boundaries , putting both East and West Jerusalem under its sovereignty and civil law .
The city 's status remains disputed , with Israel 's occupation of East Jerusalem considered illegal under international law .
Israeli settlements in the West Bank are considered illegal
Palestinians are seeking to establish their capital in East Jerusalem under a two - state solution .
Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas 's spokesman Nabil Abu Rudeina said : " Such declarations [ by Israel ] defy the idea of a two - state solution . "
On Thursday , a small illegal settler outpost camp of Maoz Ester in the occupied West Bank was destroyed by Israeli police .
Israeli settlements in the West Bank are illegal under international law and widely considered a barrier to peace .
On returning from Washington , Mr Netanyahu had said that Israel was ready " to immediately begin " peace talks with the Palestinians and Syria .
But he insisted that any peace settlement " must find a solution to Israel 's security needs " .
At the talks on Monday , Mr Netanyahu was pressed by President Barack Obama over US plans on a two - state solution .
But the Israeli leader - who also came under pressure to rein in Israeli settlement - building - refrained from endorsing the idea .
Instead he said Israel was ready to live " side by side " with the Palestinians .
Peerialism , the company set to provide the revolutionary P2P technology behind the new Pirate Bay , has announced that it is doubtful that it will do any business with Global Gaming Factory .
GGF are supposed to buy Peerialism , but CEO Johan Ljungberg said that 's doubtful since the company has no money .
In addition to having little to no money to buy The Pirate Bay for 60 million kronor ( $ 7.8 m ) , GGF also has to find 100 million Swedish kronor to buy Peerialism , the company under agreement to provide the core technology behind the project .
However , Peerialism CEO Johan Ljungberg said today that he thinks there will be no business done between the two companies .
“ The [ shareholders ] meeting gave us no direct answer at all , but based on declarations by GGF before and after the meeting , and the reporting that has taken place in recent days , we conclude that GGF will not succeed in obtaining any financing , ” Ljungberg told di.se .
The agreement between the companies says that the full purchase price must be paid by 30th September , something which Ljungberg says is unlikely .
He also notes that the identities of potential investors are still unknown .
“ The mechanism that GGF presented – a pledge of shares as collateral for financing – will be difficult if the stock is trading halted .
And if I understand AktieTorget rules , the suspension will remain for a couple of weeks .
This makes the plan difficult to implement within the time frame of our contract , ” he said
So far , Peerialism has seen no money from GGF .
She also said " men do n't get bladder infections , so I want you to go for an ultrasound of your kidneys " and made an appointment for me with the lab .
I went to the lab , showed my medical id card , and had the ultrasound .
Again no bill for this .
It was covered .
3 days later the doctor 's office called me and asked me to come in for an appointment , to get the ultrasound results .
I went in and talked to the doctor again .
She told me the ultrasound showed my left kidney very swollen like a balloon , and that she was making an appointment with a urological surgeon for further examination .
Again no bill for this .
It was covered .
A week later I saw the surgeon who examined me , looked at the ultrasound results , and told me I needed my kidney removed .
Again no bill for this .
It was covered .
Seven months later they called to tell me to be at the hospital because the operating room was available now .
The wait was because people with acute life threatening heart disease or cancer who needed immediate surgery were bumped ahead of me .
Had my kidney problem become life threatening at any time I would have been in surgery the same day .
I went into the hospital the next day , the kidney was removed , and I spent 3 more days in the hospital , and then three months recovering at home .
Again no bill for this .
It was covered .
Now , for the entire 7 month period waiting for the operation , I had been on medical unemployment insurance , which was then extended for the remainder of my recovery time , so I was able to pay my rent and bills , including my monthly medical insurance premium .
Total cost to me ?
$ 18.00 , above and beyond my regular medical premiums .
As Israel defies the U.S. on settlement policies and its continuing mistreatment of the Palestinians in the West Bank and Gaza , a recent poll shows the American public is undergoing a significant shift in its historically pro-Israel views :
" According to the survey of 800 registered voters , which was conducted June 9 - 11 by Greenberg Quinlan Rosner Research , those who believe Israel is committed to peace has dropped to 46 percent this month from 66 percent last December .
The poll found that some 49 percent of American voters call themselves supporters of Israel , down from 69 percent last September , and only about 44 percent of voters believe the United States should support Israel – down from 71 percent a year ago . "
What is the reason for this dramatic drop in support for the Jewish state ?
After all , the Israeli government and its American amen corner spend a lot of money – a lot of it our own tax dollars coming back to haunt us – in pursuit of the good will of the American people .
They do this because they know the U.S. is Israel ’s lifeline and that what is essentially a settler colony could not exist for very long if taken off U.S. life support , i.e. , if the billions in aid given each year were ended or even significantly reduced .
Yet , in spite of this , Israel ’s approval ratings are plummeting , fast – and the reason is an exponential expansion of what I call the nutbar factor in Israeli society .
Here ‘s a good and quite recent example , reported in the excellent Israeli newspaper Ha’aretz :
" The Pope and the cardinals of the Vatican help organize tours of Auschwitz for Hezbollah members to teach them how to wipe out Jews , according to a booklet being distributed to Israel Defense Forces soldiers .
" Officials encouraging the booklet ’s distribution include senior officers , such as Lt. Col. Tamir Shalom , the commander of the Nahshon Battalion of the Kfir Brigade .
" The booklet was published by the Union of Orthodox Jewish Congregations of America , in cooperation with the chief rabbi of Safed , Rabbi Shmuel Eliahu , and has been distributed for the past few months . "
No , the booklet is not entitled " The Protocols of the Elders of the Vatican , " but it could be : “ On Either Side of the Border ” purports to be the testimony of “ a Hezbollah officer who spied for Israel . ”
Inside is a greeting from an extremist rabbi " in the name of the Nahshon Brigade . "
Thousands of copies were distributed to IDF soldiers , until the pamphlet was spotlighted by Ha’aretz .
This " spy , " who formerly went by the name Ibrahim and now calls himself Avi , claims Hezbollah leader Hassan Nasrallah was part of a delegation that journeyed to Italy , France , and Poland , alongside representatives of the Vatican .
Apparently the pope was otherwise engaged , or he would no doubt have joined the Hezbollah chief , but , in any case , according to Ibrahim / Avi , " We knew [ the pope ] identified with Hezbollah ’s struggle . "
Yes , those Hezbollah fighters who drove the Israelis out of Lebanon were really altar boys wearing keffiyehs .
Oh , but I ’ve saved the best part for last , because , you see , the endpoint of Hezbollah ’s hegira was none other than Auschwitz .
Ibrahim / Avi avers :
“ We came to the camps .
We saw the trains , the platforms , the piles of eyeglasses and clothes .
…
We came to learn . …
Our escort spoke as he was taught .
We quickly explained to him : Every real Arab , deep inside , is kind of a fan of the Nazis . ”
What a fiendishly clever public relations strategy on the part of Hezbollah : telling the world they ’re Nazis .
That ‘s the ticket !
No wonder Israel ’s poll numbers are going down !
Quite naturally , the public exposure of this loony propaganda has led to disavowals on all fronts .
An IDF spokesman claimed , " The book was received as a donation and distributed in good faith to the soldiers .
After we were alerted to the sensitivity of its content , distribution was immediately halted . "
Translation :
We thought we could get away with it .
A spokesman for the publisher , the Orthodox Union in America , also passed the buck , claiming their Israeli office was responsible for the pamphlet , and they knew nothing about it .
Translation :
We thought we could get away with it .
Yes , but why did they think that ?
After all , " On Either Side of the Border " is so obviously nuts that one would think its author would be laughed off the stage in any semi-rational society .
Yet , according to one IDF officer , this crazy conspiracy theory is " widely believed " by his fellow conscripts – and , I would contend , this gullibility reflects the growing craziness of Israeli society in a broader sense .
Surely , Israel ’s defenders will reply , this is an " isolated incident . "
Yet it seems this is not the first such " isolated incident " that had the IDF funneling the demented rantings of Israeli extremists to the ranks .
One contributing factor to the sheer savagery of the most recent Israeli " incursion " into Gaza was no doubt a publication issued by the IDF rabbinate that opined :
" When you show mercy to a cruel enemy , you are being cruel to pure and honest soldiers .
This is terribly immoral .
These are not games at the amusement park where sportsmanship teaches one to make concessions .
This is a war on murderers .
‘ A la guerre comme a la guerre . ' ”
Then , too , the IDF high command disavowed the material , " reprimanded " officers who facilitated its wide distribution , and claimed that – yes , you guessed right – it was an " isolated incident . "
If the Obama administration is wondering why the Netanyahu government – with the support of most Israelis — is openly disdaining his Middle East peace initiative , then they ought to review the propaganda put out by the U.S. - funded IDF rabbinate , such as the following , as reported by Ha’aretz :
" [ There is ] a biblical ban on surrendering a single millimeter of it [ the Land of Israel ] to gentiles , though all sorts of impure distortions and foolishness of autonomy , enclaves and other national weaknesses .
We will not abandon it to the hands of another nation , not a finger , not a nail of it . "
A Palestinian state ?
Not if the Israelis can help it .
It might have been possible a few years ago , before Israeli society began to really go off the rails .
However , these days , such views are n’t extremist – they ’re mainstream .
And , what ’s more , they ’re being propagated and reinforced by an Israeli military machine that is funded by the U.S. taxpayer .
By the way , I did n’t know the IDF has an official rabbinate , but the Ha’aretz story enlightened me on that score .
How many Americans know their tax dollars are going to fund religious fundamentalists in the Middle East ?
Imagine if that happened in this country , and the U.S. Army was funding and promoting Christian fundamentalism in the ranks – why , you ’d never hear the end of it , and , what ’s more , the Anti-Defamation League and allied organizations would emit the loudest expressions of outrage .
Well , yes , but you ca n’t condemn a whole society on account of the fringy frothings of a few extremists – right ?
True , but the problem is that it is n’t just a few extremists : it ’s a whole lot of them , arguably the overwhelming majority of Israelis , who , after all , voted for the current ultra-rightist government .
Look who they elected to the position of prime minister – and " Bibi " Netanyahu is perhaps one of the more moderate leading figures in the current government .
Consider that a man who longs to deport all Arabs from the sacred soil of Israel and who would like nothing better than to nuke Tehran is the foreign minister .
To come up with an analogous situation , what did the U.S. and the Europeans do when confronted with an Austrian government that included the relatively benign Joerg Haider , who merely advocated withdrawing government subsidies from immigrants and restricting their entry into the country ?
They established a diplomatic cordon sanitaire around Vienna and refused to deal with the Austrians .
Yet Avigdor Lieberman , an open racist and former bouncer who once proposed that Israel should bomb the Aswan dam , is greeted by Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and her European counterparts as if he were a normal , decent human being .
I have longed warned that Israel ’s ostensible commitment to traditional Jewish values of openness , democracy , and respect for the dignity of all persons could not long withstand the requirements of maintaining what is essentially a religious - racial caste system .
Israel , a settler colony that exists on account of its ability to drive out the indigenous Palestinians and keep them out , is of necessity the Sparta of the Middle East ( there is no Athens ) .
Militarism , by its very nature , makes a mockery of democracy and is the mortal enemy of liberty .
It was only a matter of time before this inner contradiction was resolved in favor of creatures like Lieberman , whose rise is a barometer of the ongoing corruption of Israeli society – an indicator of a collective madness .
Speaking of craziness , this generalized derangement in the ranks of the pro-Israel forces extends , it seems , to this country , where George Gilder has just written a book called The Israel Test .
The book ’s theme , as Matt Yglesias dryly notes , is " somewhat unusual in that it hinges in part on what chapter three dubs ‘ The Tale of the Bell Curve , ’ in other words the innate genetic superiority of the Chosen People relative to the goyim .
He offers some intriguing examples to illustrate this point beyond the familiar fact that Jews win lots of Nobel Prizes and are good at chess .
For example : ‘ Yes , there is a religious component in anti-Semitism , but there is also a political and economic element , reflected in the objective anti-Semitism of Karl Marx , Noam Chomsky , Friedrich Engels , Howard Zinn , Naomi Klein , and other Jewish leftist leaders who above all abhor capitalism .
Jews , amazingly , excel so readily in all intellectual fields that they outperform all rivals even in the arena of anti-Semitism . ’ "
Yes , according to Gilder , those crafty Jews are so damned smart that they ’ve even cornered the market on anti-Semitism !
The irony that one of Israel ’s most ardent defenders is now using arguments based on theories of genetic superiority may be lost on that country ’s knee - jerk defenders at this point : fanatics usually lack a sense of irony .
This has got to be the absolute looniest thesis ever advanced by a " serious " author .
In his quest to rationalize the history of our government ’s unconditional support for Israel , no matter the cruelty and injustice of their actions , Gilder claims that support for the Jewish state is a " test " of our willingness to defend liberty – and , indeed , ourselves – against the Islamist threat to conquer the world and establish a global caliphate .
The idea that we must support the Israelis on account of their alleged genetic superiority over Arabs may seem like an " out of the box " opinion , and it certainly is in the U.S. , but I wonder if it is n’t right in line with Israeli opinion , which , after all , lionizes Lieberman and has elected the most belligerent – and anti-American – government in its history .
The rhetoric of Lieberman and his party , which the other " mainstream " politicians and parties rushed to emulate , routinely depicts Israeli Arabs as a fifth column .
What we are witnessing in Israel today is the degeneration of a once liberal democracy into a militaristic theocracy , one armed with nuclear weapons – and quite conceivably willing to use them against those they consider less than fully human .
And if that does n’t scare us into cutting them off – financially , at the very least – then we ought to prepare ourselves for the consequences .
Because it is n’t going to be pretty …
By slowly scrolling down from the first photo to the last one , you ’ll realize the true power of make - up in the right hands .
This is why I never hit on women wearing too much make - up , you never know who you ’re going to wake up in the morning .
I ’m not saying the girl in the first photo is ugly , but compared to how she looks covered with all that make up …
Let ’s just say there ’s a chance you ’ll be disappointed when you see “ the real her ” for the first time .
Bottom line : Make - up is powerful stuff !
via CLUB .SOHU.COM
Bob Chapman | July 18 , 2009
Due to the fact that Goldman Sachs is currently the favorite of Washington they are raking in massive profits during a time when most banks and brokerage firms are struggling for survival .
Due to a very successful second quarter , Goldman has set aside $ 226,156 per employee in compensation – a 75 % increase per employee .
That means annualized compensation could be $ 1 million per employee for the year .
We find this of great interest inasmuch as the recently converted bank received a $ 10 billion taxpayer bailout via Goldman ’s connections in Washington .
They also received a myriad of benefits from several other government schemes over the past two years .
It is nice to know that in part American taxpayers made this possible while unemployment is running on a U6 basis at 20.5 % , and Americans are losing their homes by the millions .
Pay surged 75 % in the second quarter and compensation and benefits costs were $ 6.65 billion , up 37 % from the equivalent quarter in 2008 .
The immense profits of 33 % were mainly due to trading profits of $ 2.7 billion .
Goldman made up 24 % of the Black Box program .
Program trading made up 73 % of all NYSE trading .
High frequency trading is one of the fastest - expanding strategies on Wall Street .
The Street is no longer a place of raising capital , but a vast gambling casino .
This is moral hazard at its utmost .
Needless to say , the most egregious example is Goldman Sachs .
A perfect example of too big to fail as an owner of the Fed .
There is no question its activities distorts markets .
They are leaders in credit default swaps and taxpayers bailed out Goldman via AIG for $ 13 billion that you were allowed to pay for .
In addition , Goldman is the world ’s largest insider - trading hedge fund and they are kings of crony capitalism .
Almost everything this conglomeration of crooks are involved in is to the detriment of the US economy and the American people collectively .
They rig markets with the complicity of our government who they have bought and paid for .
They are master manipulators and creators of bankruptcies .
Then we have the arrest of Russian - American programmer Sergey Aleynikov , who allegedly tried to steal Goldman ’s secret code to unlocking Goldman ’s method of front - running stock , and commodity trades .
This platform , that we were told came from the government , allowed rapid fire trading of stocks and commodities .
In fact , the industry considers such activity as front running .
In this process Goldman says there is a danger that somebody who knew how to use this program could use it to manipulate markets in unfair ways .
If that is the case , what is to stop Goldman from doing the same thing ?
Did they manipulate markets ?
Their earnings say they did .
Goldman was able to read data on trades before it ’s committed , and place their own buys and sells according to that nanosecond , thus , allowing them to essentially steal boatloads of money every day from the traders and others worldwide .
Goldman was able to front - run any transaction , stealing pennies in each transaction .
The criminals here may be both Sergey and Goldman or just Goldman .
We ’ll probably never know because the Illuminati protects their own .
One thing is for certain and that is that Goldman wo n’t be using that program any more and markets could well return too normal .
All such kinds of market manipulators have to be stopped .
The FBI has to get to the bottom of what has really transpired here .
The bogus CPI figures were released for June up 0.7 % , the largest increase since July 2008 .
The surtax on incomes of $ 280+ k for healthcare will kill small biz , which creates something like 70 % of new jobs .
The surtax on wealthier Americans would be imposed based on adjusted gross income , meaning it would also apply to capital gains and dividends , which are currently taxed at a 15 percent rate .
Pollster Frank Lutz says public support for Obama Care has fallen 10 points in the past 3 weeks .
That ’s why Team Obama is trying to jam it through now – before public dissent chills Congress .
Wells quietly sells $ 600 million in troubled subprime loans
The industry publication said the loans sold for 35 cents on the dollar , about double what most hedge funds were offering .
National Mortgage News :
How exactly did the publicly traded Wells wind up with so many crummy non- prime loans from these once highflying firms ?
Answer : I do n't know and Wells is n't talking .
Perhaps one reason the PPIP ( Public - Private Investment Program ) and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp .'s ' Legacy Loan ' sale initiative ( involving whole loans , presumably residential and commercial mortgages ) has n't caught fire is ' sunshine , ' that is , the concept of disclosure .
If bankers and investment bankers use these government programs that means all the messy details of their crappy investments might see the light of day , which could anger shareholders — and maybe even board members who might lean toward being " activists .
No matter how you do the math , Wells is going to take a nice hit on the sale , if it has n't done so already .
Will the public ever get wind of the NPL sale price ( outside this story ) ?
That 's hard to say .
The Securities and Exchange Commission requires that publicly traded companies disclose " material events " in their 10 - Qs and Ks but when you have a mega bank the likes of Wells a $ 600 million loan auction might garner a sentence in the next earnings report , at best .
Goldman ’s record quarter was partly the result of increased leverage and exposure .
Why was Goldman allowed to lever up ?
( Yeah , we all know why . )
Zereo Hedge : Why Does Goldman Need A Fed Exemption For VaR Calculations ?
Lately the topic of Goldman 's VaR has taken on significant prominence , not least because as Zero Hedge disclosed yesterday , it hit a record high .
The clue may come from a February 5 letter by the Federal Reserve to Goldman CAO Sarah Smith .
The letter had come in response to GS requests for " temporary exemptions from the application of certain aspects of the Board 's Market Risk Rules for state member banks and bank holding companies and the Board 's general risk - based capital rules for bank holding companies . "
Citigroup is close to a secret agreement with one of its main regulators that will increase scrutiny of the US bank and force it to fix financial , managerial and governance issues .
Pacific Investment Management Co. ’s Paul McCulley said the Federal Reserve should push inflation above its long - term target to coax consumers to spend money if the U.S. economy stays mired in recession .
“ The way to make monetary policy effective is for the central bank to promise to be irresponsible , ” McCulley wrote in a July commentary posted to Pimco ’s Web site , citing a 1998 paper written by Princeton University economist Paul Krugman .
“ Radically ” different central - bank policy may be needed to change inflation expectations if the U.S. economy starts to resemble Japan ’s era of deflation , McCulley wrote .
He said the U.S. economy is not currently suffering from deflation .
In addition to Krugman ’s paper , McCulley cited a May 2003 speech by Fed Chairman Ben S. Bernanke as a blueprint for policy .
McCulley and his colleagues at Newport Beach , California - based Pimco , the world ’s largest bond fund manager , have forecast a “ new normal ” in the global economy that will include heightened government regulation , lower consumption and slower growth .
The U.S. government may need to enact a second stimulus plan to spur growth in the coming months , McCulley said July 7 in an interview with Bloomberg Radio .
If consumers and businesses continue to hoard cash , monetary policy makers may need to boost inflation until prices are as high as they would have been without deflation , McCulley wrote .
Commuter traffic on the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey ’s bridges , trains and tunnels dropped “ significantly ” in the first half of 2009 as job losses mounted , the authority said today .
Volume on the authority ’s six crossings between New York City and New Jersey fell 3.1 percent to 59.4 million vehicles from the same period a year ago , with Lincoln Tunnel traffic dropping 5 percent , the agency said in a statement .
Ridership on the agency ’s PATH trains declined 3.5 percent to 35.7 million .
Truck traffic dropped 11.2 percent to 3.8 million in the first half , costing the authority $ 3.6 million in toll revenue .
The average length of unemployment is higher than it 's been since government began tracking the data in 1948 .
Goldman Sachs , the Wall Street leviathan that is heavily invested in the cap - and - trade carbon market scam , has admitted it has developed and used software that can manipulate such financial markets .
From the mortgage bubble , Goldman learned an important -- and very valuable -- lesson : Government policies , especially if shaped by a network of former Goldman officials , could be used to create vast profits , indeed whole markets .
Having survived , thanks to the million - dollar bailout from Obama and the Joyce Foundation , the Chicago Climate Exchange went on to merge with Climate Exchange Ltd in 2006 .
Goldman Sachs took a 10 % stake in the firm at the time and later increased its holdings to at least 19 % .
CCX is also 10 % owned by Generation Investment Management , a firm founded and chaired by Al Gore and co-founded by the above - mentioned former Goldman CEO , Hank Paulson .
There was a great clamor last week for a second Federal stimulus - because the first one was n't working .
President Obama threw cold water on that idea over the weekend , when he rejected calls for a second stimulus and suggested that we need to be patient and give the first stimulus time to work .
Well , President Obama will soon be changing his tune , says our guest Gary Shilling .
By the third or fourth quarter , Gary says , the government will launch a second stimulus .
Next year is an election year , and despite ballooning deficits , politicians wo n't sit idly by and watch themselves not get re-elected because the economy has failed to recover .
The second stimulus will finally trigger an economic recovery ... but it wo n't happen until next year .
In the meantime , Gary thinks , the stock market will crash again , with the S&P dropping 35 % to 600 .
More than 175 prominent economists warned that politicians ' attacks on the Federal Reserve are putting " the independence of U.S. monetary policy … at risk , " and urged Congress to back off lest it undermine the Fed 's ability to manage the economy and thwart inflation .
The 185 - word petition , initiated by a band of academic economists , reflects growing unease among professors , former Fed officials and some investors that the vehemence of the criticism from Congress of the Fed 's handling of the financial crisis suggests a readiness in Congress to weaken the freedom the Fed has to move interest rates as it sees fit .
The US Federal Reserve believes that the recession will end “ before long ” but predicts that unemployment will remain at high levels for several years to come .
Members of the federal open market committee raised their forecasts for unemployment , according to minutes from their last meeting three weeks ago , and now expect it to reach between 9.8 and 10.1 per cent in the last quarter of this year .
They expect it to remain at about 9.6 per cent next year and 8.5 per cent in 2011 .
[ How can the economy improve if unemployment is rising ? ]
The House proposal aims to extend insurance coverage to 37 million Americans over the next decade , covering more people through Medicaid and providing subsidies to help others meet a new federal mandate to purchase insurance .
Democratic aides said the proposal would cost more than $ 1.2 trillion over the next 10 years , and would ensure that 97 percent of Americans were enrolled in a health plan by 2015 .
About half of the cost would be covered by reducing spending on federal health programs , primarily Medicare , which serves the elderly and the disabled .
But much of the rest of the money would come from a new tax on families earning more than $ 350,000 a year and individuals earning more than $ 280,000 .
The taxes , which would take effect in 2011 , would affect about 2.1 million taxpayers , the nonprofit Tax Policy Center projected .
The surtax would start at 1 percent and rise to 5.4 percent on income exceeding $ 1 million .
Combined with the expiration next year of tax cuts enacted during the Bush administration , the surtax would drive the top federal tax rate to 45 percent , the highest level since lawmakers rewrote the tax code in 1986 .
House leaders defended the plan by saying it targets those most able to pay -- the wealthiest 1.2 percent of households -- while honoring President Obama 's pledge to protect the middle class from higher taxes .
Mortgage applications in the U.S. rose for a second week as the lowest borrowing costs since May propelled a surge in refinancing .
The Mortgage Bankers Association ’s index of applications to purchase a home or refinance a loan increased 4.3 percent to 514.4 in the week ended July 10 , from 493.1 in the prior week .
The group ’s refinancing gauge jumped 18 percent , while the index of purchases fell 9.4 percent .
“ We will see more refis as rates come down , ” Robert Dye , a senior economist at PNC Financial Group in Pittsburgh , said before the report .
“ It ’s nice to see mortgage rates coming down ; that ’ll be a linchpin for the recovery . ”
Lower monthly mortgage payments will help limit the damage to household finances caused by mounting unemployment and sinking home values .
Economists are incorporating an easing in the housing slump , now in its fourth year , in their forecasts of an economic recovery in the second half of 2009 .
Today ’s report showed the mortgage bankers ’ refinancing gauge increased to 2,009.4 from the previous week ’s 1,707.7 .
The purchase index fell to 258.8 from a three - month high of 285.6 the prior week .
Combined sales of existing and new homes climbed to a 5.1 million annual pace in May , the highest level so far this year .
Purchases slumped to a 4.8 million pace in January , the lowest level since comparable records began in 1999 .
Pending Sales
In another sign the housing slump may be bottoming out , a July 1 report from the National Association of Realtors showed the number of Americans signing contracts to buy previously owned homes rose in May for a fourth consecutive month .
The share of applicants seeking to refinance loans climbed to 54.9 percent of total applications last week from 48.4 percent .
The average rate on a 30 - year fixed - rate loan fell to 5.05 percent , the lowest level since the week ended May 22 , from 5.34 percent the prior week .
The rate reached 4.61 percent at the end of March , the lowest level since the bankers group ’s records began in 1990 .
At the current 30 - year rate , monthly borrowing costs for each $ 100,000 of a loan would be $ 539.88 , or about $ 74 less than the same week a year earlier , when the rate was 6.22 percent .
The average rate on a 15 - year fixed mortgage fell to 4.59 percent from 4.83 percent the prior week .
The rate on a one - year adjustable mortgage decreased to 6.47 percent from 6.58 percent .
Reporting from Washington --
Despite evidence that banks are regaining their health , the Treasury Department is pressing forward with a highly controversial program to help finance purchases of toxic assets that were at the heart of the nation 's plunge into economic chaos last year .
There is no genius in what Goldman Sachs has been doing .
They control our government in that they were able to get the latest version of the Inslaw / PTECH / PROMS software and front run the market including their own clients , and too , at the same time fulfill the demand of the “ Working Group on Financial Markets ” in manipulating our stock and commodity markets .
These people are lowlife , white collar , scum .
Goldman Sachs is simply a criminal enterprise as is our government .
We are two years into the credit crisis and the commercial credit market continues to shrink .
This is where business and manufacturing borrow money on a short - term basis to fund projects .
As of July 15th , funding fell $ 39.7 billion to $ 1.098 trillion , off from the prior week ’s $ 1.136 trillion .
It peaked in August 2007 , at $ 2.2 trillion .
That is off 26 % in nine months , or $ 1.1 trillion .
The May net TIC figure was minus $ 66.6 billion versus minus $ 38.0 billion in April .
That capital has been flowing out of the US for four of the last five months .
MGIC has stopping writing mortgage insurance , because without 20 % down it ’s unprofitable .
The housing and mortgage business are still in freefall and tight credit wo n’t loosen up anytime soon .
The NAHB , the National association of Home Builders , was 17 in July , up from 15 in June .
They obviously see stabilization , which escapes us .
They must be overjoyed over the $ 8,000 taxpayer subsidy tax credit for first time buyers ; 60 % or more of which will have loan failures .
These are almost all subprime loans carried by the FHA , or the American taxpayer .
Recovery cannot take place until the foreclosure crisis and the giant inventory overhead is wiped out and that will be in 2013 at the earliest .
In 2011 and 2012 , we are going to have another subprime crisis .
Government did not lean anything .
CIT Group bondholders are discussing whether to swap some of their claims for equity to reduce CIT ’s indebtedness .
The company needs $ 6 billion in cash .
They have already received $ 2.33 billion from the taxpayers via the Treasury .
On Thursday the Fed ’s balance sheet rose $ 80.2 billion to $ 2.07 trillion , basically on a purchase of $ 64 billion of MBS , mortgage based securities , from banks .
In addition the Fed monetized $ 1.5 billion of TIP’s .
It also monetized $ 7.5 billion of two and three year paper on Tuesday .
The July employment Report should be terrible .
Last year the B/D model only created 25,000 jobs .
Over the past three months the B/D ratio created 210,000 jobs per month .
That means July ’s number will be between 500,000 and 800,000 .
Last month in Long Beach , CA loadings inbound fell 23.5 % .
Outbound was off 26.9 % and empties fell 15.1 % .
The total was off 22.4 % .
It did n't take long to run into an " uh - oh " moment when reading the House 's " health care for all Americans " bill .
Right there on Page 16 is a provision making individual private medical insurance illegal .
The provision would indeed outlaw individual private coverage .
Under the Orwellian header of " Protecting The Choice To Keep Current Coverage , " the " Limitation On New Enrollment " section of the bill clearly states :
Except as provided in this paragraph , the individual health insurance issuer offering such coverage does not enroll any individual in such coverage if the first effective date of coverage is on or after the first day " of the year the legislation becomes law .
So we can all keep our coverage , just as promised — with , of course , exceptions :
Those who currently have private individual coverage wo n't be able to change it .
Nor will those who leave a company to work for themselves be free to buy individual plans from private carriers .
From the beginning , opponents of the public option plan have warned that if the government gets into the business of offering subsidized health insurance coverage , the private insurance market will wither .
Drawn by a public option that will be 30 % to 40 % cheaper than their current premiums because taxpayers will be funding it , employers will gladly scrap their private plans and go with Washington 's coverage .
Zero Hedge : The CNBC Business Model -
With the recent elimination of anything even remotely approaching journalistic rigor or analysis , and its substitution with endless propaganda and the pitching of " hope " as an investment conduit , many have been scratching their heads over the question of just how
it is that CNBC is still on the air , let alone make money : after all selling hope is a very expensive process .
I provide the answer .
Below is an early segment from CNBC in which Joe Kernan provides his analysis of Schwab 's just released results .
As the video quality is pretty bad ( yeah , I know , sorry ) I will summarize how it works :
1. Intro - Kernan : Glowing review of Schwab's EPS " beat "
2. Kernan : " Schwab is a fine , fine company and a fine individual . "
3. Kernan : " ... and quite a sponsor for us . "
4. Kernan : " ... and we are ready to just be sponsored on Squawk Box . "
5. Conclusion - Kernan : " ... I do n't think you can have too much [ of Schwab ] . "
6. Cut to Charles Schwab Commercial .
So now you know .
http://zerohedge.blogspot.com/
Treasury officials say the program is still needed because the assets -- complex securities on the balance sheets of banks that have virtually no market to trade in because they are so difficult to value -- still pose a threat .
" The outcry from those in need of loans is substantial , " said Lee Sachs , special advisor to Treasury Secretary Timothy F. Geithner .
" We need to keep taking steps to help regenerate credit creation in this country .
But some outside critics say the government has moved so slowly to address the toxic assets that the problem is largely fixing itself and that the program 's design from the very beginning was so complex that it was bound to fail .
California ’s credit rating , the lowest among U.S. states , was cut for the second time in as many weeks as lawmakers and Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger met behind closed doors to resolve a ballooning budget deficit that left the state paying bills with IOUs .
Moody ’s Investors Service yesterday lowered California ’s credit rating two steps to Baa1 from A2 and said its evaluation may be reduced further unless legislators quickly solve the cash crisis .
The announcement was made as Schwarzenegger retreated to his Sacramento office with legislative leaders yesterday for seven hours of talks over how to fix a $ 26 billion deficit .
The negotiations are scheduled to resume later this afternoon .
Michigan 's unemployment rate for June of 2009 jumped to 15.2 % .
That 's a 1.1 % increase over the prior month .
Rates usually climb or fall by a few tenths of a percent .
It 's rare to see such a substantial increase or decrease .
But experts say the struggling economy combined with the ailing auto market means Michigan has been hit harder than other states .
International demand for long - term U.S. financial assets fell in May , as Russia , Japan and Caribbean banking centers trimmed their holdings even as China stepped up its purchases .
Total net sales of long - term equities , notes and bonds were a net $ 19.8 billion in May , compared with buying of $ 11.5 billion the month before , the Treasury said today in Washington .
Monthly foreign investment flows dropped $ 66.6 billion in May , compared with a decline of $ 38 billion in April .
While Treasuries have been a haven for investors during the credit crisis , emerging economic powers continue to question the dollar ’s status as the U.S. runs up record debt to fund the economic recovery .
At a Group of Eight summit last week in Italy , China repeated calls for a “ diversified and rational ” global currency regime .
Russian and Brazilian officials said the issue may come up at the wider G - 20 forum in Pittsburgh in September .
“ We still need the foreign capital , ” David Wyss , chief economist at Standard & Poor ’s in New York , said before the report .
“ We ’re still borrowing .
It ’s important to see a significant inflow . ”
China , the biggest foreign holder of U.S. Treasuries , increased its holdings of government notes and bonds by $ 38 billion to $ 801.5 billion .
Holdings in Hong Kong also increased .
Japan , the second - biggest international investor , reduced its total by $ 8.7 billion to $ 677.2 billion .
Russia ’s holdings fell $ 12.5 billion to $ 124.5 billion .
Holdings at Caribbean banking centers also fell , declining by $ 9.9 billion to $ 194.8 billion .
« Ron Paul'er Making Big Waves ! : Inspiring Story | Main | Urgent Audit the Fed Update - HR 1207 / S 604 »
This is an OPEN Letter to Congress and the Senate to keep FEDERAL RESERVE independence and secrecy .
The signatories of which are ENEMIES of FREEDOM :
Some good news ...
ALL 178 Congressional Republicans are CoSponsors of HR1207 .
273 Cosponsors and we 'll hit 290 , shortly and then NY FED Geitner & partner Obama cannot maintain a veto ...
Freedom Lives .
___
I was trying to find out if this post was bogus or real , since the author
gave no links or cited source .
I seem to have found something in the WSJ ,
but do n't have subscription to read it .
Anyone have a subscription that can
get this ?
http://online.wsj.com/article/
SB124767659527946239.html
For Truth & Liberty ,
Mark Ferguson
http://ThrowThemOut.com
Join the R3VOLution
http://CampaignForLiberty.com
___
Wow , great news about HR 1207 !! -
So we just need to get the Democrat holdouts on
Now , Yahoo ’s financial fate will be inextricably linked with Microsoft for years .
“ My sense is that Yahoo will regret making this move , ” Mr. Chervitz said .
If the deal is completed next year as planned , and after the partnership is fully in place in three years , Yahoo estimates that its operating income will increase by $ 500 million a year , based on the anticipated higher search traffic and ad revenue , and a substantial drop in its investment in technology development .
Steven A. Ballmer , Microsoft ’s chief executive , said in an interview that Ms. Bartz had driven a hard bargain .
“ Look , ” he said , “ she got 88 percent of the revenue and none of the cost . ”
Still , Mr. Ballmer added that he won something he badly wanted as well : “ I got an opportunity to swing for the fences in search . ”
The crucial issue for the partnership , analysts say , is its ability to stop and reverse the advance of Google , which has steadily gained in search and search ad share in the last few years while Yahoo and Microsoft have kept on fading .
Reversing the trend , they say , would give the partnership newfound credibility with advertisers and publishers .
“ If Microsoft and Yahoo are 30 percent and growing in search , then the dynamics of the market can shift , ” said David B. Yoffie , a professor at the Harvard Business School .
Mr. Fader of Wharton said he was not sure the partners would be able to shake up the business .
“ Microsoft is buying some market share , but there is no evidence they are going to change the game in any fundamental way , ” he said .
“ What the Microsoft - Yahoo partnership needs is real breakthroughs to deliver disruptive innovation in search . ”
DAVID BAUDER
The Associated Press
( AP ) -- NEW YORK -
He 's become a publicity nightmare for CNN , embarrassed his boss and hosted a show that seemed to contradict the network 's " no bias " brand .
And on top of all that , his ratings are slipping .
How does Lou Dobbs keep his job ?
It 's not a simple answer .
CNN insists it is standing behind Dobbs , despite calls for his head from critics of his reporting on " birthers " - those who believe President Barack Obama was n't born in the United States despite convincing evidence to the contrary .
The " birthers " believe Obama was born in Kenya , and thus not eligible to be president .
Dobbs ' work has been so unpopular that even Ann Coulter has criticized him .
Dobbs has acknowledged that he believes Obama was born in Hawaii .
But he gives airtime to disbelievers , and has said the president should try to put questions fully to rest by releasing a long version of his birth certificate .
He 's twice done stories on his show after the public leak of a memo from CNN U.S. President Jon Klein saying that " it seems this story is dead . "
Klein said those stories were OK because they were about the controversy and were n't actually questioning the facts .
But critics suggest Klein is parsing words , that even raising the issue lends it credence .
Joked The Washington Post 's Lisa de Moraes : it " explains their upcoming documentary : ' The World : Flat .
We Report - You Decide . ' "
Dobbs has n't made it any easier by using his radio show to fight back at critics , who he called " limp - minded , lily - livered lefty lemmings . "
He considered going on CNN tormentor Bill O'Reilly 's Fox News show to thank him ( O'Reilly says the birthers are wrong , but he defended Dobbs ' right to talk about it ) .
" He 's embarrassed himself and he 's embarrassed CNN , " said Brooks Jackson , a former CNN correspondent .
" And that 's not a good thing for any network that wants to be seen as a reputable , nonpartisan news organization . "
So who needs the headache ?
Klein said Dobbs does a smart newscast that explores issues that get little in - depth attention elsewhere , such as trade with China , health care funding and the stimulus plan .
He suggested Dobbs ' CNN work is unfairly lumped in with his unrelated radio show , and that he 's judged on the show he did a couple of years ago , when Dobbs became a political target for his campaigning against illegal immigration .
The two men sat down after last year 's election to make changes , aware that the anti-immigrant Dobbs ' image ran counter to the brand CNN was trying to create .
CNN calls itself the network of unbiased reporting compared to conservative commentators on Fox and liberal ones at MSNBC .
Since then , Dobbs has been doing a relatively straight newscast , Klein said .
" He brings more than three decades of experience reporting and broadcasting the news , " Klein said , " and that 's very valuable to a news network . "
Through a spokeswoman , Dobbs said he would not comment for this story .
But he is a CNN original .
Except for a two - year break a decade ago , he 's been with CNN virtually from the network 's beginning .
Much of that time was spent anchoring a business newscast that made him hugely influential in the business community and immensely valuable to CNN .
Old - timers say the desire of advertisers to be connected with Dobbs and Larry King essentially funded the network for years .
Dobbs is considered among the smartest people at CNN , and also the most personally intimidating .
For whatever reason - the rise of CNBC as a competitor or a sense that opinionated hosts were the future for cable news - Dobbs morphed from a business anchor to a polarizing populist .
That version of Dobbs seemed better suited for HLN , formerly CNN Headline News , which has an opinionated prime - time lineup led by Nancy Grace .
But reruns of Dobbs ' show did n't do well on HLN , which is more female oriented .
Klein said he and Dobbs determined Dobbs was more valuable as a reporter than as a commentator .
The 861,000 people who tune into his 7 p.m. ET newscast on a typical night are down 20 percent from last year , according to Nielsen Media Research .
He 's still ahead of MSNBC's Chris Matthews in that hour .
" It 's very cutthroat , " said Janet Keefer , a Drake University journalism professor and former CNN producer .
" As long as he is n't doing anything that 's driving viewers away , they 'll keep him . "
Fear could be another factor keeping Dobbs and CNN together .
Dobbs has never been shy about fighting for his point of view .
His feud with former CNN chief Rick Kaplan spilled out on the air in 1999 when he objected to having his " Moneyline " show pre-empted for a speech by President Clinton about the Columbine school shootings .
" CNN President Rick Kaplan wants us to return to Littleton , " he said .
Dobbs soon left CNN and returned after Kaplan left .
With Dobbs hosting his own weekday radio show , the thought of him launching anti-CNN missiles every day has to be disconcerting .
It 's also not hard to imagine Fox News chief Roger Ailes coveting Dobbs as a prize for his struggling business news network , offering reports to the main news channel as well .
Organizations such as the Southern Poverty Law Center and Media Matters for America have called for CNN to take Dobbs off the air ; he 's proven a galvanizing and attention - getting force for his critics .
At CNN , they 're hoping the controversy dies down with the heat of August .
For that , they 'll need Lou Dobbs ' help .
Xeros Ltd
Spheres not suds
SYNTHETIC fibres tend to make low quality clothing .
But one of the properties that makes nylon a poor choice of fabric for a shirt , namely its ability to attract and retain dirt and stains , is being exploited by a company that has developed a new laundry system .
Its machine uses no more than a cup of water to wash each load of fabrics and uses much less energy than conventional devices .
The system developed by Xeros , a spin - off from the University of Leeds , in England , and demonstrated at the Clean Show held in New Orleans between June 18th and 21st , uses thousands of tiny nylon beads each measuring a few millimetres across .
These are placed inside the smaller of two concentric drums along with the dirty laundry , a squirt of detergent and a little water .
As the drums rotate , the water wets the clothes and the detergent gets to work loosening the dirt .
Then the nylon beads mop it up .
The crystalline structure of the beads endows the surface of each with an electrical charge that attracts dirt .
When the beads are heated in humid conditions to the temperature at which they switch from a crystalline to an amorphous structure , the dirt is drawn into the core of the bead , where it remains locked in place .
At the end of the washing cycle , which takes about 30 minutes , the outer drum stops rotating .
The inner drum , containing the clothes and the beads , has a small slot in it .
As it continues to turn , the beads fall through the slot ; some 99.95 % of them are collected in the outer drum .
Any beads trapped in the folds of the clothes fall into a collection trough beneath the door to the machine as the clean laundry is removed .
Finally , the person taking out the clothes can use a vacuum wand to remove any beads trapped in pockets , for example .
Because so little water is used and the warm beads help dry the laundry , less tumble drying is needed .
An environmental consultancy , URS Corp , commissioned by Xeros to test its system reckoned that its carbon footprint was 40 % smaller than the most efficient existing systems for washing and drying laundry .
It uses 90 % less water , and the beads can be reused hundreds of times before being recycled .
The first machines to be built by Xeros will be aimed at commercial cleaners and designed to take loads of up to 20 kilograms .
Customers will still be able to use the same stain treatments , bleaches and fragrances that they use with traditional laundry systems .
Nylon may be nasty to wear , but it scrubs up well inside a washing machine .
The ISP that supplied much of The Pirate Bay 's bandwidth before cutting them off yesterday , is reporting that it has been sabotaged .
Calling in experts and the police , Black Internet says the attack on them is intentional and has caused substantial damage .
Yesterday , Stockholm ’s district court took action to have The Pirate Bay disconnected from the Internet .
The court ordered the site ’s bandwidth supplier , Black Internet , to disconnect TPB or face penalties of 500,000 kronor ( $ 70,600 ) .
The ISP immediately complied , saying that it had no choice but to uphold the law .
Today , Black Internet have some serious problems of their own .
According to CEO Victor Möller , his company ’s infrastructure has been sabotaged and is suffering substantial damages .
At the time of writing , Black Internet customers are still experiencing serious disruption to their Internet services .
Black Internet has many customers that resell Internet access , so the knock - on effects could be significant .
One customer , One Call Support , said that the cost implications for them run to “ millions of Swedish kronor . ”
Möller said the company is working with technicians and the police to find out what has happened .
One thing , he says , is certain – the attack was deliberate .
More on this breaking news as we get it .
Some sisters surmise that the Vatican and even some American bishops are trying to shift them back into living in convents , wearing habits or at least identifiable religious garb , ordering their schedules around daily prayers and working primarily in Roman Catholic institutions , like schools and hospitals .
“ They think of us as an ecclesiastical work force , ” said Sister Sandra M. Schneiders , professor emerita of New Testament and spirituality at the Jesuit School of Theology at Berkeley , in California .
“ Whereas we are religious , we ’re living the life of total dedication to Christ , and out of that flows a profound concern for the good of all humanity .
So our vision of our lives , and their vision of us as a work force , are just not on the same planet . ”
The more extensive of the two investigations is called an “ Apostolic Visitation , ” and the Vatican has provided only a vague rationale for it : to “ look into the quality of the life ” of women ’s religious institutes .
The visitation is being conducted by Mother Mary Clare Millea , an apple - cheeked American with a black habit and smiling eyes , who is the superior general of her order , the Apostles of the Sacred Heart of Jesus , and lives in Rome .
In an interview in a formal sitting room at her order ’s United States headquarters in Hamden , Conn. , Mother Clare said she had already met one - on - one with 127 superiors general of women ’s orders , many in that room but also in Chicago , Los Angeles , Rome and St. Louis .
She is preparing questionnaires to send to each congregation of women and recruiting teams of investigators , mostly nuns and some priests , who will make visits to congregations that she selects .
The visitation focuses only on nuns actively engaged in working in society and the church , not cloistered , contemplative nuns .
Mother Clare ’s task is to prepare a confidential report to the Vatican on the state of each of about 340 qualified congregations of nuns in the United States , as well as a summary with her recommendations , all of which she hopes to complete by mid-2011 .
Pollution of the Seine hit salmon numbers after World War I
Wild salmon are returning to the French capital for the first time in almost a century , scientists say .
Historically , Salmo salar - or Atlantic salmon - used to migrate up the Seine river for part of the year to spawn .
But increased pollution of the water and the building of dams after World War I saw their number dwindle .
By 1995 , the salmon were gone , and only four species of fish braved the Seine 's dirty waters , which washed up hundreds of tonnes of dead fish a year .
But a major clean - up project in the past 15 years - including the building of a water purification plant - has turned the tide for the river 's marine life .
Now the Atlantic salmon - listed as an endangered species throughout Europe - is back , as attested by anglers who have netted sizeable specimens from the river in recent months .
And the salmon are not alone .
Hundreds of sea trout , shad and lamprey eel have been spotted glinting in the Parisian sunlight this year , with the number of fish species in the river ballooning to 32 , officials say .
" This year the numbers have exceeded anything we could have imagined , " said Bernard Breton , secretary - general of France 's National Federation for Fishing .
" I would not be surprised if we had passed the 1,000 mark [ for salmon ] , " he told AFP news agency .
Scientists at the French National Institute for Agricultural Research say the return of the salmon is significant - it is a " bellwether species " giving signals about its habitat 's state of health .
1 of 1136
Rating : 5 stars I made these for a party .
There were so many reviews we tried them two nights earlier using all the different methods .
Here 's what I found made them great .
After slicing the peppers and cleaning them out , drop in boiling water for 4 - 6 minutes .
This will pretty much take all the heat out though so if you want a punch , leave the membranes .
We taste tested several cream cheese flavors .
We picked 3 fav's , they were the cream cheese mixed with a powdered ranch mix , or mixed with a chipotle seasoning , or mixed with worstershire and garlic powder .
( we tried 12 different flavors to get this perfect )
Also , I found that 1 /2 a strip of bacon was not enough - used the whole thing !
And finally after you put the pepper together with cheese and bacon and toothpick - freeze it for 15 min .
Then 10 minutes on the grill is perfect .
Thanks so much for the yummy appetizer !!
Thumb Up Helpful ( 2597 )
Rating : 5 stars
These are a 10 !
After making these many times , I can tell you that you really need to make them ahead of time and put them in the refrigerator for a couple of hours or the freezer for about 15 minutes .
This will allow the cheese to firm up a bit and it wo n't all leak out of your peppers .
I also have found that if you want them hot , leave all of the membrane inside and some seeds .
If you want them barely warm ( like me ) , get almost all of the membrane out from inside the pepper and leave no seeds .
I cook them in the oven on 350 for about 45 minutes .
*** A low calorie version is use fat free cream cheese and wrap each 1 / 2 pepper with only 1/2 slice of bacon .
They are just as good and only about 60 calories each !!!
YUM YUM !!!
Thumb Up Helpful ( 1404 )
Rating : 5 stars
This is a great recipe - and to take some of the bite out of the peppers , I soak them in cold water after they 're cut and seeded .
The longer you soak them , the milder they are .
Thumb Up Helpful ( 1008 )
Rating : 5 stars I always use Embasa brand whole pickled jalapenos ; and I use half cream cheese , half shredded cheddar or 3 - cheese blend .
After wrapping with bacon and securing with a pick , I shake the whole lot in a ziploc bag with Parmesan cheese ( the green can kind ) and then bake at 400 * til the bacon is done to your liking .
Even my stepmother , who does n't LIKE hot stuff , makes SURE she gets her fair share of these !
Thumb Up Helpful ( 570 )
Rating : 3 stars
We have a different variation on this recipe that came from the Marlboro Cook Like A Man Cookbook .
You mix an 8 oz pkg of cream cheese with 1 tbsp Cajun Seasoning and 2 tsp Garlic Pwdr .
They are awesome like that !
Just make sure that you always tuck the end of the bacon under where you already wrapped it or it will unravel on the grill .
Thumb Up Helpful ( 442 )
Rating : 4 stars VERY tasty , and SUPER easy ... but 2 warnings : 1 ) WEAR GLOVES .
As with all peppers contact with skin can leave you burning for hours .
And since I was in a hurry I did just that - 4 hour later I still felt like my hands were in a fire .
2 ) BACON ON GRILL = FLAMES ...
The fat will start on fire ... so be careful with your fire !
Keep and eye it .
Thumb Up Helpful ( 344 )
Rating : 5 stars
Try adding a packet of dry Ranch Dressing mix to the cream cheese before filling the peppers .
We used to cook these every Thursday night for about 40 - 50 people and they were gone in a matter of minutes .
Still get requests for these all the time .
Thumb Up Helpful ( 248 )
Rating : 4 stars
This was pretty good .
I followed the suggestions of some other reviewers and added cajun seasoning to my cream cheese I used half slices of bacon and I baked them .
The flavor is really good but I had problems with mine drowing in grease while they baked .
I might try elevating them on a rack next time .
UPDATE
I elevated them the next time and they were really good but extremely hot .
I used some older jalapenos and they were so hot they were inedible !
Buy fresh jalapenos if you can and it will lessen the chance of getting the inedible ones .
Thumb Up Helpful ( 179 )
NEW YORK �( CNNMoney.com ) --
Stocks rallied Friday , with the Dow and S&P 500 closing at the highest point in nine months , after the July jobs report showed the smallest number of job cuts in nearly a year , adding to recovery hopes .
The Dow Jones industrial average ( INDU ) gained 114 points , or 1.2 % , according to early tallies .
The S&P 500 ( SPX ) index rose 13 points , or 1.3 % .
The Nasdaq composite ( COMP ) added 27 points , or 1.4 % .
All three indexes finished higher for the week .
Employers cut 247,000 jobs from their payrolls in July after slashing a revised 443,000 jobs in June .
Economists surveyed by Briefing.com thought they would cut 325,000 jobs .
It was the lowest level of losses since last August .
" It was the best reading on non -farm payrolls since before Lehman 's collapse last September , which was the pivotal event that precipitated the crisis , " said Jeff Kleintop , chief market strategist at LPL Financial .
The report seemed to confirm other recent indications that the economy is stabilizing .
" Leading indicators have priced in a recovery for a while , now lagging indicators like unemployment are too , " he said .
Although employment is seen as a lagging indicator in any recovery , the steady march higher of the unemployment rate over recent months has added to investor anxiety about the health of the economy .
The unemployment rate , generated by a separate survey , fell to 9.4 % in July from 9.5 % in June , versus forecasts for a rise to 9.6 % .
The stock advance was broad based , with 24 of 30 Dow components rising , led by IBM ( IBM , Fortune 500 ) , Boeing ( BA , Fortune 500 ) , United Technologies ( UTX , Fortune 500 ) , JPMorgan Chase ( JPM , Fortune 500 ) and Chevron ( CVX , Fortune 500 ) .
Stocks slipped Thursday , the second straight decline , as investors took a step back after the recent big rally and ahead of the jobs report .
The Dow , Nasdaq and S&P 500 all hit fresh 2009 highs earlier in the week , following three weeks of gains .
Since bottoming March 9 at a 12 - year low , the S&P 500 has risen 49.4 % as of Friday 's close .
Quarterly results : AIG ( AIG , Fortune 500 ) reported its first quarterly profit in nearly two years Friday , but the troubled insurer continues to struggle in the aftermath of its near - collapse last fall .
AIG still owes taxpayers $ 87.6 billion .
The stock nearly doubled in the run-up to the profit report .
AIG gained another 20.5 % Friday .
Cash for Clunkers : President Obama on Friday signed into law an extension of the auto sales stimulus program that will keep it running through Labor Day .
On Thursday night , the Senate approved $ 2 billion in extra funding for the popular program , which gives consumers up to $ 4,500 if they turn in gas guzzlers and buy more fuel - efficient models .
Oil and gold : U.S. light crude oil for September delivery fell $ 1.01 to settle at $ 70.93 a barrel on the New York Mercantile Exchange .
Oil prices have been gaining in recent weeks on bets the global economy is close to turning around .
COMEX gold for December delivery fell $ 3.40 to settle at $ 959.50 an ounce .
Bonds : Treasury prices tumbled , raising the yield on the benchmark 10 - year note to 3.85 % from 3.74 % late Thursday .
Treasury prices and yields move in opposite directions .
Other markets :
In global trading , European markets rallied after the release of the U.S. jobs report .
Asian markets ended lower -- with the exception of the Nikkei -- losing steam ahead of the jobs report .
In currency trading , the dollar gained versus the euro and the Japanese yen .
Market breadth was positive .
On the New York Stock Exchange , winners topped losers three to one on volume of 1.47 billion shares .
On the Nasdaq , advancers topped decliners by over two to one on volume of 2.51 billion shares .
Slime mould feeding on the surface of an almond .
These cunning organisms could be the missing link in memory circuits ( Image : Eye of Science / Science Photo Library
EVER had the feeling something is missing ?
If so , you ’re in good company .
Dmitri Mendeleev did in 1869 when he noticed four gaps in his periodic table .
They turned out to be the undiscovered elements scandium , gallium , technetium and germanium .
Paul Dirac did in 1929 when he looked deep into the quantum - mechanical equation he had formulated to describe the electron .
Besides the electron , he saw something else that looked rather like it , but different .
It was only in 1932 , when the electron ’s antimatter sibling , the positron , was sighted in cosmic rays that such a thing was found to exist .
In 1971 , Leon Chua had that feeling .
A young electronics engineer with a penchant for mathematics at the University of California , Berkeley , he was fascinated by the fact that electronics had no rigorous mathematical foundation .
So like any diligent scientist , he set about trying to derive one .
And he found something missing : a fourth basic circuit element besides the standard trio of resistor , capacitor and inductor .
Chua dubbed it the “ memristor ” .
The only problem was that as far as Chua or anyone else could see , memristors did not actually exist .
Except that they do .
Within the past couple of years , memristors have morphed from obscure jargon into one of the hottest properties in physics .
They ’ve not only been made , but their unique capabilities might revolutionise consumer electronics .
More than that , though , along with completing the jigsaw of electronics , they might solve the puzzle …
Several studies suggest up to 60 % of GPs would oppose being immunised because they are concerned the safety trials will be rushed
Many GPs , as well as their patients , may be reluctant to be immunised against swine flu once a vaccine is developed , surveys suggest today .
A survey of GPs published on Healthcare Republic , the website of GP magazine , found that up to 60 % of GPs may decline vaccination .
Although the numbers who responded were small – 216 GPs – they are in line with a much bigger survey of nurses published a week ago by Nursing Times , which found that a third of 1,500 nurses would refuse vaccination .
A Canadian study published today in the journal Emerging Health Threats suggests the public , too , will have reservations that must be overcome if a vaccination campaign is to be successful in the autumn or winter .
The study , which used focus groups to establish the likely response of different people to a vaccine , pointed to the need to win over people who believe that alternative therapies and a good diet are a better option than vaccines .
But the biggest problem in persuading people and healthcare professionals to have the jab may be the relative shortage of evidence from trials about its safety and efficacy .
Because of the urgent need for a vaccine , testing will be limited .
Among the GPs who responded to the survey published by Healthcare Republic , 29 % said they would not choose to have the vaccine and 29 % said they were unsure whether or not they would .
The biggest reason given by those who said they would not have it was concern that the safety trials would not be adequate : 71.3 % said they were " concerned that the vaccine has not yet been through sufficient trials to guarantee safety " .
Half – 50.4 % – said they " believe that swine flu is too mild to justify taking the vaccine " .
Only 8.7 % said they did not believe they were at risk .
Professor David Salisbury , director of immunisation for the Department of Health , commented on the website that frontline health workers have responsibilities to other people .
" They have a duty to their patients not to infect their patients and they have a duty to their families , " he said .
" I think you solve those responsibilities by being vaccinated . "
The Department of Health played down the results , saying that the small number of responders could not accurately be said to reflect the opinions of all GPs .
But a spokesman added : " GPs will have an important role in the height of a pandemic .
Getting the swine flu vaccine will protect them and their patients .
That 's why we 're offering GPs the vaccine as a priority .
Of course , vaccination will be optional , but the vaccine is being carefully assessed for safety and will be licensed before it is used . "
Many of those questioned in focus groups for the study in Emerging Health Threats felt uneasy about vaccination for an illness perceived as mild .
Others felt they could protect themselves through handwashing , keeping their distance from other people and even a good diet .
The survey results appeared as the department of health announced 14 new fast - tracked research projects into various aspects of swine flu , costing £ 2.25 m .
These include work to establish how long somebody with the virus is contagious and to establish the " safe distance " from a patient .
Other projects will look at whether closing schools – which was the early response to the epidemic – stops spread and whether facemasks for healthcare workers are worthwhile .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - President Barack Obama on Friday denied the United States is planning to set up military bases in Colombia as part of an upgraded security agreement with the South American nation .
U.S. President Barack Obama ( R ) meets with Colombia 's President Alvaro Uribe in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington , June 29 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Jim Young
“ There have been those in the region who have been trying to play this up as part of a traditional anti-Yankee rhetoric .
This is not accurate , ” Obama told Hispanic media reporters .
Leftist Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez -- a persistent critic of Washington -- has said the enhanced U.S. - Colombian security plan could be a step toward war in South America .
On Sunday , Chavez called on Obama not to increase the U.S. military presence in Colombia .
Obama said this was a myth .
“ We have had a security agreement with Colombia for many years now .
We have updated that agreement .
We have no intent in establishing a U.S. military base in Colombia , ” Obama said .
“ This is continuation of assistance that we had been providing them .
We have no intention of sending large numbers of additional troops into Colombia , and we have every interest in seeing Colombia and its neighbors operate peacefully . ”
The new security arrangement would allow the Pentagon to lease access to seven Colombian military bases for U.S. support in fighting drug traffickers and guerrillas involved in the cocaine trade .
The agreement would also increase the number of American troops in Colombia above the current total of less than 300 but not more than 800 , the maximum permitted under the existing pact .
Colombia has accused Ecuador and Venezuela of assisting Marxist FARC rebels waging a four - decade - old guerrilla war against the Colombian state .
“ I think Colombia has some legitimate concerns about the FARC operating from over the border .
I hope that could be resolved in conversations with its neighbors , ” Obama said .
Today , we have a new post in which we are covering few more simplest free web apps that can really simplify your work life .
Whether you are office worker , manager , supervisor , designer , developer , student , home user , etc .
But we make sure to add something useful for everyone .
Most of them are not very well - known , but they are really amazing in respect to their features .
Just take a look at them and share your thought here .
You are welcome to share more free web apps that are really simple and useful and our readers / viewers may like .
Do you want to be the first one to know the latest happenings at Smashing Apps.com just subscribe to our rss feed and you can follow us on twitter as well .
MyFontbook
MyFontbook is an unique online font viewer that can save your time by providing a number of tools to view installed fonts quickly and easily .
Unlike a classic font management tool , MyFontbook is platform independent and can be used freely through any web browser .
MyFontbook tries to fill the gap between the limited font tools provided by your operating system and the expensive font management applications aimed at power users .
Box.net
Box .
net ’s online file storage makes it easy to securely share content as a link or a shared folder with anyone inside or outside your company .
This will help you create an online workspace where you can share project files , add comments , assign tasks , start discussions or create new content .
Ronin
Ronin is a flexible application designed for creative professionals looking for an easy , affordable , web - based way of managing clients and invoices .
You can send invoices and estimates in multiple currencies .
The dashboard provides an at - a - glance summary of account activity for all of your staff users .
Quickly access existing invoices and create new clients .
Manage your account with simplicity .
Go2Convert
Go2 Convert is a set of free web based tools that allow you to convert , resize a picture without having to install any software on your computer .
It is not meant to be a complete Image editing software package .
It is meant to be an easy to use solution to convert , resize your pictures and digital photos without the need to learn a complex software package .
Once you convert , resize an image , you can choose to copy image ’s URL or download it directly to your computer –
It does n’t get easier than that .
DeskAway
Managing projects and work via email is just so old - school .
How do you keep track of tasks , issues , files , timesheets & feedback via email ?
How much work is still yet to be completed ?
Who is working on what ?
Where is all the communication related to this project ?
Is it done yet ?
What ’s holding the project back ?
DeskAway is simple to use , feature - rich online service .
This is a web - based project collaboration service that provides teams a central location to easily organize , manage and track their projects .
Atmail
Atmail allows users to access IMAP Mailboxes on any server of your choice .
You and your users can experience webmail via a fluid , intuitive interface that excels aesthetically and functionally ; a benchmark that very few webmail clients have achieved .
Staying in touch with business or personal contacts is made easy by the groupware features of Atmail .
The easy - to - use calendar events , tasks , and free - busy scheduler provide collaboration and communication around the clock , with the simplicity of a browser - based interface .
247webmonitoring
Having a good uptime is essential for the success of your website .
247 webmonitoring will monitor it 24X7 from their servers and notify you whenever it goes down .
This will check your website every 15 minutes to know it is up .
They will send you notification by email or SMS when it goes down .
So you can quickly fix the issue and you can stay happy .
This way you can relax and focus on your core business .
In future , you will also find out how fast your site is from different location .
ViewLike.Us
This is a brand new site that allows you to check out how your website looks in the most popular resolution formats .
It ’s all powered by Ajax & PHP so no need to download anything .
Using ViewLike .
Us is perfectly free .
PDF to Excel
You can use PDF to Excel to quickly and easily create highly , editable XLS files , making it a cinch to re-use tables and spreadsheets from PDF files in Microsoft Excel , OpenOffice , Google Docs , and WordPerfect Office .
Best of all , you can do it entirely free .
Shareflow
With Shareflow you can share your team conversations so everyone involved can clearly see what ’s being said , and you can all get more done .
The more you use email , the more work you create for your team .
Important information gets lost in the shuffle .
The Shareflow bookmarklet gives you one - click access to post content from the web to any of your flows .
You can use the bookmarklet with Yahoo !
Mail , Windows Live Mail , and Gmail to share your email on a flow .
Create multiple flows to organize different projects or teams .
You can add or remove someone at any time and invited members can create their own flows , so different teams can work amongst themselves .
Vyew
Vyew is a new and powerful platform for real - time and always - on interaction between people and connent .
Vyew ’s clear - view workspaces enable a transparent collaboration flow with content .
Review the past , work together in the present and prepare for the future .
SkyDrive
Windows Live SkyDrive works well on any Windows or Macintosh computer with Firefox 1.5 or higher , or Internet Explorer 6 or higher .
5 GB of free online storage , available from any computer with Internet access .
You can create personal , shared , and public folders and you can decide who has access to each folder .
ShowDocument
ShowDocument is a free service for online meetings with fully synchronized co-browsing of any document .
It is a quick and simple way to share a document with other people at the same time .
It is a web collaboration platform that lets individuals have a free online meeting .
It is an alternative to various commercial desktop sharing applications .
One can easily upload any file and during the session mark it up with a pen or a highlighter tool in addition to a text box tool and eraser .
AlertFox
AlertFox is a revolutionary new self - service website transaction monitoring service that is capable of keeping tabs on the functioning and performance of all websites .
You can monitor even complicated steps , ( e.g. , complete check out process , not just store uptime ) , only AlertFox can monitor the function and performance of sites that are based on any of the major rich internet applications ( RIA ) , including ActiveX , AJAX , Flash , Flex , complex HTML and Silverlight technology .
AlertFox also helps SaaS users monitor their provider ’s reliability .
tgethr
tgethr is for Project teams who need a no - frills , secure email - based collaboration solution and useful for families , friends , and clubs who do n’t need the overhead of more complicated solutions .
This is also best for remotely located people who still use email as a primary collaboration mechanism .
With tgethr all correspondence over the web and email can be safely encrypted .
Have you ever sent forlorn tweets about Ali Moore ’s cravat into the ether ?
Well , feel alone no longer .
Mel Campbellprovides a semi-definitive guide to the sartorial language of news and current affairs .
Have you ever spluttered into your cup of tea when you glimpsed a newsreader somehow maintaining a poker face while dressed in an absurd outfit ?
Have you ever sent forlorn tweets about Ali Moore ’s cravat into the ether ?
Well , feel alone no longer .
This article is your semi-definitive guide to the sartorial language of news and current affairs .
Like the Amazons of classical legend , these fashion tribes are dominated by females — mainly because men ’s outfits tend to be pretty boring .
However , perhaps Today Tonight ’s Matthew White can bring some of his Dancing With The Stars razzle - dazzle back to the news desk — we especially like this bolero jacket :
Haute Lecture
We applaud newsreaders who break out of the strictures of business wear to add some fashion think pieces to our daily TV viewing .
SBS ’s Lee Lin Chin is probably the leader of this fashion tribe , but Nine Adelaide presenter Kelly Nestor recently revolutionised the fashion world with this extraordinary garment :
Thanks for signing up
We look forward to seeing you bright and early with your need - to - know talking points and tidbits for the day ahead .
Get Crikey FREE to your inbox every weekday morning with the Crikey Worm .
Please enter your email address Sign up
As our eagle - eyed spotter expostulated : ” “ It ’s like a space suit , fire retardant suit or a bomb disposal jacket . ”
Perhaps it ’s an art piece : a metaphorical expression of the frailties of the human body amid the disasters and threats contained within the daily news cycle .
Resort Wear
Jennifer Keyte ’s serious chat about the Black Saturday bushfires was somewhat undermined by this outfit that looked like she ’d just nipped back from Nooooosa :
Red Hot And Reader
Lateline ginger Leigh Sales is incendiary in red :
Do n’t let the modest Peter Pan collar fool you — the red is a metaphor for the grilling she ’s gonna deal out to Joe Hockey .
Meanwhile , Sales vamps it up in this rather unconventional choice for a midday bulletin — black chiffon .
Everyone !
Cocktail party at Leigh ’s place !
9 AM ’s Kim Watkins is also no stranger to chronologically inappropriate cocktail wear .
In this segment almost too steamy for morning telly , not even she can resist caressing her red chiffon bosom :
[ youtube ]
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JdBpOvAhThQ[/youtube]
Australia ’s venerable red fox , Kerry O’Brien , famously demonstrated some fire when some foolio dared to change his script , but it ’s when he matches his tie to his hair that he really shines .
Check out the fiery symphony of this interview with John Howard :
[ youtube ]
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ja8xhrMYP34[/youtube]
Symphonies In Satin
Crikey subscribers will already realise that their hard - earned does n’t just buy cutting - edge commentary on politics , business and media — it also buys Australia ’s most comprehensive , hard - hitting analysis of satin in news and current affairs .
Sky News ’s Sharon McKenzie is probably newsreading ’s most slippery customer .
We especially enjoy this patterned affair :
Satin Princess Jacinta
Tynan injected some much - needed romance into Sky News :
Meanwhile , Ten ’s Helen Kapalos memorably hunted the news in a safari - inspired satin shirt :
Under The Desk
What newsreaders wear under the desk is a time - honoured industry secret .
Janice Petersen of SBS World News Australia revealed her happy pants when her partner , Julian Hamilton from The Presets , won Album Of The Year at the 2008 ARIA Awards :
Jaunty Pussies
Years ago , I was obsessed with the ‘ 70s - style newsreader chic that Christina Applegate wore in the film Anchorman , for which I coined the term ” jaunty pussy “ .
The pussy - bow blouse is a staple of newsreader chic , but we can identify each jaunty wearer by the way her bow is tied .
Lee Lin Chin favours a deconstructed bow with layered textures in the same colour palette :
And upon investigation , Ali Moore ’s so - called “ cravat ” turned out to be a rather minimalist pussy - bow .
For future reference , a cravat does not contain a knot , whereas a pussy - bow is a knot of two loops , with the ends left loose to drape .
Pinstripes As Usual
Any viewer of Lateline Business will realise that you ca n’t be a serious captain of industry without a pinstriped suit .
If someone rocks up for their appearance on the show in — gasp ! — a block - coloured suit , the ABC wardrobe department can probably sort them out .
The Mystery Of Tom Piotrowski’s Hair
There ’s been much speculation over the years that Tom Piotrowski from CommSec , whose live crosses on Channel Ten ’s late news developed such a cult following that he took the piss out of himself on Rove , has a ponytail .
( Whether he has “ terrets syndrome ” is still a matter of conjecture . )
According to this ( probably fake ) MySpace profile , the ponytail is real .
And plenty of people want it to be – it plays into so many stereotypes about yuppie finance types .
But as you can see from the infamous 2007 video where Tom lost his train of thought , it ’s more like a ducktail :
And In Late Breaking News , Whatever Will Be Will Be
I ’m fascinated by the retro impulses of Juanita Phillips ’s hair .
Here , the ABC presenter has a rather Doris Day flipped hairstyle :
And she has made some fascinating metamorphoses over the years , from frosted Hillary Clinton bob :
To Farrah Fawcett - inspired flicks :
Also channelling the Doris Day look is Mel Doyle of Sunrise , who has favoured prim pastel blouses :
And neat frocks :
July 2 , 2009  --
The Washington Post is nixing a reported plan to sell access to its newsroom staff and Obama administration officials to lobbyists and corporate interests , a spokeswoman for the paper said Thursday .
The Politico newspaper reported Thursday morning the venerable Washington paper had invited lobbyists to participate in " off - the - record , " non-confrontational meetings with Post reporters and editors , as well as with administration officials and others , by paying between $ 25,000 and $ 250,000 .
The meetings would have been held at the private home of Post CEO and President Katharine Weymouth , according to the flyer obtained by Politico .
The paper said it received the document from a health care lobbyist who was struck by the apparent conflict of interest .
" An evening with the right people can alter the debate , " the document promised , according to the Politico report , by former Washington Post reporter Mike Allen .
In his report , Allen called the meetings " astonishing . "
The planned events would have been a stark break from the paper 's storied past , that most famously includes breaking the Watergate scandal .
That coverage forced the resignation of former president Richard Nixon , and ushered in an era of reform in Washington that expanded Americans ' ability to understand how their government works .
Washington Post blogger Ezra Klein wrote on the paper 's
Web site that the plan was " appalling " and that he had never been asked to participate in any of the meetings .
In its blog , the respected liberal Washington Monthly magazine called the meeting idea a " jaw - dropping scheme . "
Kelly McBride , a journalism ethics expert with the Florida - based Poynter Institute , said the plan went against the paper 's own values , to make the legislative process transparent to the public .
Involving reporters and editors in closed - door meetings of powerful lawmakers and lobbyists " completely undermines that notion of transparency , " she said .
In an emailed statement to ABC News Thursday morning , a Post spokeswoman paper called the flyer a " draft " that had not been properly vetted .
Paper Backs off Controversial Plan
" This draft does not represent what the company 's vision for these dinners are , which is meant to be an independent , policy - oriented event for newsmakers , " read the statement by the Post 's Kris Coratti .
Coratti did not immediately respond to a request for an explanation of how the vetting process broke down , or whether Weymouth had approved the plan before the document was distributed .
Washington
Post executive editor Marcus Brauchli said he had been involved in discussions about holding private events involving newsroom staff , but none like what was described in the flyer .
" The idea of doing dinners was openly being discussed , and that they would be off the record , " said Brauchli by phone Thursday .
" The approach of this particular brochure is far beyond the pale . "
Brauchli declined to say whether he had spoken with CEO Weymouth about the flyer , and whether she knew and approved of the event as it was described .
" I think I should probably keep internal discussions internal , " he said .
" It 's hard to imagine that [ Weymouth ] knew all the details of this , " said Poynter 's McBride .
" It seems to me it would be hard to be the publisher of the Washington Post and not have a clear idea of what your paper 's values are . "
But in an internal memo sent Thursday afternoon , Weymouth appears to indicate she knew the basics of the plan : a series of exclusive dinners , hosted at her home , that would be marketed by the paper 's business side and would involve newsroom staff .
" We were planning to do a series of dinners and had requested newsroom participation but with parameters such that we did not in any way compromise our integrity , " Weymouth wrote .
The July dinner marketed in the flyer obtained by Politico was being cancelled , she said , but " we will begin to do live events in ways that enhance our reputation and in no way call into question our integrity . "
The offending flyer , said Weymouth , " was never vetted by me or by the newsroom . "
The Washington Post company , which owns the paper as well as television stations , the Kaplan educational company , and Newsweek magazine , has watched its profits drop for nine months in a row .
Last week , the rating agency Standard & Poor 's cut the company 's credit rating .
An S&P analyst said the firm expected the Post company 's earnings to decline by about 30 percent this year , worse than previously expected .
Shortly after Politico published its story online , Brauchli issued a memo to the paper 's newsroom declaring flatly that his staff would not be involved in such a scheme .
" We will not participate in events where promises are made that in exchange for money The Post will offer access to newsroom personnel or will refrain from confrontational questioning , " Brauchli wrote in the memo , a copy of which was obtained by ABC News .
Brauchli , who was reportedly named on the flyer as a participant in the first event , said the paper was able to " do these things in ways that are consistent with our values . "
Click Here for the Blotter Homepage .
Enlarge By Jim Witmer , for USA TODAY Cafe Boulevard owner Eva Christian of Dayton , Ohio , recently filed for bankruptcy protection .
" I felt crushed , " she says .
BIGGEST SMALL - BUSINESS BANKRUPTCY FILINGS BIGGEST SMALL - BUSINESS BANKRUPTCY FILINGS
First - quarter bankruptcy rate1 Industry 2006 2009 Transportation 1.86 % 2.50 % Construction 1.52 % 2.23 % Manufacturing 1.64 % 2.17 % Retail 1.37 % 2.02 % Wholesale 1.31 % 1.82 % Mining 1.18 % 1.64 % Agriculture 0.96 % 1.37 % 1 - The rate shows the percentage of businesses that have filed for bankruptcy .
Source : Equifax Entrepreneurship and new small businesses are supposed to lead us out of the recession , just as they have in prior downturns , right ?
Sure .
Your neighbor 's grand idea will persuade a bank to lend her start - up money ; she 'll open for business in six weeks ; and money will immediately flow from customers to her to her employees .
Taxes will be paid , and the national economic engine will hum effortlessly in no time .
If only .
Today shows a different reality : Commercial bankruptcies are surging .
Fewer people are starting small businesses , and firms already open are struggling under changing consumer habits , a lack of funding options and tougher bankruptcy laws .
If a nationwide trend seen since January holds true , more than 300 businesses will file for bankruptcy — today alone .
Cafe Boulevard , for 12 years a popular European - style restaurant in Dayton , Ohio , has n't been able to endure the downturn .
Rising gas and food prices , increased competition and an ill - timed expansion cut profits .
Local unemployment made matters worse , because the regulars no longer showed up .
In April , the restaurant 's owner , Eva Christian , was one of 8,149 U.S. business owners who filed for bankruptcy - court protection .
She did n't close the cafe .
Instead , Christian is trying to retain her employees while she works with creditors .
" When I decided to file for Chapter 11 bankruptcy , I felt crushed , " Christian says .
" But my attorney said that Donald Trump did it , and GM did it , and Delta did it .
It gives people the opportunity to bounce back . "
The first five months of this year have shown a 52 % increase in the total number of commercial bankruptcy filings ( 36,106 ) compared with the same period last year ( 23,829 ) , according to the Automated Access to Court Electronic Records .
On average thus far in 2009 , some 350 commercial enterprises file for bankruptcy daily — an increase of 240 % from 2006 , the first year after the bankruptcy law was changed .
Small companies hardest hit Major corporate failures , like GM and Chrysler , flash across front pages and websites .
But the vast majority of commercial bankruptcies , which are not separated by size of firm by data keepers , are filed by entrepreneurs and small - business owners , says Robert Lawless , professor of law at University of Illinois .
Troubling for the economy , say Lawless and Todd McCracken , president of the National Small Business Association , is the double - whammy of fewer start - ups and increasing bankruptcies .
" There is always this dynamism in the small - business community : Businesses are always dying , and new businesses are always getting started , " McCracken says .
" Usually more start than fail , but my sense is that now it has flip - flopped .
And it 's alarming . "
Lawless agrees .
" In the past , small - business formation increased in a recession because people had self - employment thrust upon them , " he says .
" One avenue out of economic hard times — self - employment — has become less attractive , because the bankruptcy law is less forgiving " and there are fewer options for those entrepreneurs to get bank loans or to find funding elsewhere .
Trickle - down effect hurts Small business is considered the backbone of the economy .
In the past , new businesses led economic recoveries , McCracken says .
Small businesses — those with fewer than 500 employees — make up half of the gross domestic product and account for most job growth .
Problems from the devastated housing market , overall recession and suffering major industries all funnel down to small businesses , especially those that supply the troubled corporations .
" When you have the GMs of the world filing for bankruptcy , they are canceling contracts and discharging debts that they owe to their suppliers , " says B. William Ginsler , a bankruptcy lawyer in Portland , Ore .
" And those are small businesses that are less solvent than larger corporations . "
The transportation industry , which includes the auto and airline businesses , has sparked the biggest run-up in small - business bankruptcy filings , according to new data from an Equifax bankruptcy study .
After transportation , the construction , manufacturing and retail industries are the major causes , the study says .
While not always the case , the line from one faltering company to another can be direct .
Just before the economic slump , Cafe Boulevard 's Christian opened a second restaurant in Dayton called Cena .
Cena 's outlook is bleak , because a nearby General Motors assembly plant is closing , and NCR is moving its headquarters from Dayton to Georgia .
" It was bad timing to expand into a second restaurant , " Christian says .
Household spending cutbacks reach far , too .
Dual - income families who are now single - income may no longer need or be able to afford child care , so many of those services are going out of business , says Lester Thompson , a bankruptcy lawyer in Dayton .
Sporting goods stores and lawn - mowing services also have struggled .
Small - business bankruptcy filings jumped the most in the Los Angeles and Chicago metro areas , according to Equifax .
But even smaller areas of the country are experiencing a big increase .
David Hicks , a bankruptcy lawyer in Omaha , says he has seen an increase in business struggles related to the auto industry and the mortgage crisis .
Among them are owners of used car lots and housing contractors .
In South Carolina , bankruptcy attorney Jane Downey has worked with dry cleaners and gourmet sandwich shops .
Robert Chernicoff , a bankruptcy lawyer in Harrisburg , Pa. , says one client who recently filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy is the owner of a new small strip mall , Shoppes at Silver Spring .
Mall owners counted on about eight tenants .
It 's in a good location , Chernicoff says , but the economic downturn caused some tenants to back out , and it has taken longer to find new ones .
Chapter 7 vs. 11 vs. 13
Many small businesses owe so much money to creditors that there is no future .
Such owners often file for Chapter 7 bankruptcy and shut their businesses for good .
Chapter 7 allows sole proprietors to discharge their debt and for corporations to have an orderly liquidation .
Those who want to reorganize a business or sell it as a going concern may file for Chapter 11 .
Chapter 13 is a similar but less costly and time - consuming option that is limited to individuals who have a certain amount of debt .
Last month , Randy Wicker filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy because his 15 - year - old business , Earth Structures , had hit a significant rough spot after previously earning up to $ 8 million annually .
His corporation , based in Spartanburg , S.C. , primarily builds retaining walls for highway projects .
Earth Structures has worked on Department of Transportation projects , but those have nearly disappeared .
Wicker and other contractors are now competing in the commercial market .
" More contractors are vying for less jobs , " Wicker says .
" Maybe President Obama 's effort to restore the highways with a stimulus plan will lead to more work for him , " says Downey , his lawyer .
Lack of loans worsens problem
The credit crunch is a major contributor to the rise in filings .
Loan dollar volume from the U.S. Small Business Administration has increased 35 % since the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act was passed on Feb. 17 , according to the SBA .
Even so , a National Federation of Independent Business trend report states that in May the percentage of business owners reporting that loans are harder to get rose to 16 % , the highest reading since the 1980 - 82 recession .
Businesses can't easily rely on credit cards these days , either .
" What 's happening now is that a lot of banks are retrenching and cutting back on lines of credit and credit card limits , " McCracken says .
With that reality , and loath to dip into their retirement savings , struggling small - business owners have few options other than bankruptcy .
When the bankruptcy law changed in 2005 it was mostly aimed at curbing abuse of personal bankruptcy filing .
But it also singled out small businesses for harsher treatment , and those changes did not apply to larger corporations , Lawless says .
Small businesses that file for bankruptcy have a shorter time frame to reorganize , Hicks says .
" And before , a judge could pull the plug on a small - business owner that was playing the system , or he could give a break to somebody who was legitimately trying to reorganize , " he says .
" Most of the discretion is now gone . "
But the data show the change has n't deterred small businesses from filing for bankruptcy .
" You can change the bankruptcy law all you want , but if we have a recession , lots of business are going to file , " says John Pottow , professor of law at the University of Michigan Law School .
" The increase is yet another sobering economic milestone . "
Bankruptcy is still the only option for many small - business owners who are hanging by a thread .
" The failure of a small business does n't have to be a lifetime sentence for the owner , " says U.S. Bankruptcy Court Judge Lewis Killian , in Tallahassee .
" Bankruptcy gives them the ability to go forward , to start up again and be successful . "
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
adoption fee $ 75 new kitteh bed $ 9 never living in cage again $ priceless
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
By Lawrence Pollard
BBC World Service
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Forty years ago on Saturday , one of the pop world 's most famous and imitated album covers was shot in an ordinary - looking street in north London .
The idea for the cover of the Beatles ' Abbey Road album was initially to call it Everest , after the favourite brand of cigarettes smoked by their engineer Geoff Emerik .
Then the thought of doing a Himalayan cover helped kill the idea , and instead they considered doing the shoot closer to home .
" There 's a sketch Paul McCartney did with four little stick men crossing the zebra , " says Brian Southall , author of the history of Abbey Road Studios .
" It gave a pretty good idea of what they wanted . "
On 8 August 1969 the Fab Four walked out of No 3 Abbey Road , having finished basic work on what would be their penultimate album .
A policeman held up the traffic , the band walked back and forth a few times and that was that
Brian Southall
The photographer who took the famous cover shot was the late Iain Macmillan , a close friend of Brian Southall 's , who knew the Beatles through working with Yoko Ono .
" He was given about 15 minutes , " says Mr Southall .
" He stood up a stepladder while a policeman held up the traffic , the band walked back and forth a few times and that was that . "
He took only seven or eight pictures , now in the Apple archive , but they 're fascinating for their difference from the end product we all know .
Conspiracy theories
Most striking is the one of the band walking in the opposite direction ( right to left ) , caught mid-stride in different poses .
It looks all wrong of course , and draws attention to the accidental symmetry - despite Paul being out of step - of the final cover shot with its pattern of four firm inverted V shapes .
In one of the alternative takes Paul McCartney is wearing sandals he kicked off during the shoot .
This matters if you remember how the album cover was taken as evidence for the conspiracy theories that " Paul is Dead . "
Conspiracy theories abounded following Paul 's barefoot appearance on the cover Barefooted , out of step , the car number plate behind him referring to his age - 28 if he 'd lived - the Beatles forming a funeral procession for him .
George was cast as the gravedigger , Ringo the undertaker , and John the priest .
Years later in 1993 , the very much alive Paul McCartney would spoof the cover and the rumours for his " Paul is Live " concert album .
A lesser noted curiosity is that the album cover has no writing on it and is just the picture .
That is thanks to John Kosh , who at the time , was creative director at Apple .
" I insisted we did n't need to write the band 's name on the cover , " he says .
" They were the most famous band in the world after all - EMI said they 'd never sell any albums if we did n't say who the band was , but I got my way , and got away with it . "
Zebra stripes
And it is hard to think of an album cover that has been so thoroughly repeated .
Dozens of bands have put stripes on their cover , like the Red Hot Chilli Peppers , but of course the biggest tribute comes from the thousands of fans and tourists who go to leafy north London every year .
I come here all the time and its always been the same ... all they 're doing is posing on the crossing
Ron , taxi driver
If you want to check the crossing now , there 's a webcam .
Watch it for a while and you will see scampering fans snatching at a gap in the traffic to recreate the shoot - much to the annoyance of local drivers .
One black taxi cabbie , Ron , who also used to drive a bus down Abbey Road , told the BBC World Service : " I come here all the time and it 's always been the same - it really does annoy you .
" All they 're doing is posing on the crossing .
Someone 's going to get mown down one of these days , there 's no doubt about it . "
Here 's hoping Ron avoids the crossing on Saturday morning when Beatles fans will stage a mass crossing in honour of the photo shoot .
It is not known how many of those fans are injured on the crossing every year .
But the council have to repaint the wall next to the crossing every three months to cover over fans ' graffiti .
And the Abbey Road street sign has now been mounted out of reach up a wall , so often has it been defaced or stolen .
If there was a way to steal the stripes off the zebra you can bet Beatles fans would have taken them too .
Or maybe they have n't thanks to the rumour that the famous crossing you now see is n't actually the original and has been moved for safety reasons .
And who would want to steal the wrong zebra crossing ?
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
LOS ANGELES , California ( CNN ) -- David Carradine 's wife and his manager disputed suggestions that the actor 's death was a suicide , while rescue workers and police in Bangkok , Thailand , said the actor 's neck and genitals were found bound with rope .
David Carradine was the star of the 1970s TV series , " Kung Fu , " and appeared in more than 100 films .
more photos »
After Carradine 's body arrives back to the United States this weekend , an autopsy ordered by Carradine 's family will be conducted , according to the actor 's co-manager .
" They 're doing everything possible to get to the bottom of what really happened , " said Carradine 's co-manager Tiffany Smith .
Carradine , 72 , became famous in the 1970s when he portrayed the traveling Shaolin monk Kwai Chang Caine in the television series " Kung Fu . "
Bangkok police said Carradine was found hanging by a nylon rope in a Bangkok hotel room closet Thursday morning .
' Larry King Live ' Carradine 's manager joins Larry !
Get the latest on the actor 's mysterious death .
Is there more to this tragic story ?
TONIGHT , 9 p.m. ET Larry King Live »
" Our preliminary assumption is that the cause of death was suffocation , because there was a rope tied to his neck , " said Bangkok police spokesman Somprasong Yenthuam .
Autopsy results will not be available for three or four weeks , said a high - ranking Thai police source who asked not to be identified .
The actor 's body was released to the U.S. Embassy for a Saturday flight home after a judge signed the death certificate Friday , the police source said .
A member of the emergency crew who was called to the hotel after a maid found Carradine told CNN that a yellow nylon rope was tied around the actor 's neck and a black rope was around his genitals .
Police later confirmed that information .
The same emergency crew source said Carradine 's hands were not tied , contrary to some media reports .
Smith , the co-manager , also said media reports quoting the actor 's management saying the hands were tied were untrue .
Career Highlights Television
" Shane , " 1966
" Kung Fu , " 1972 -1975
" North and South , " 1985
" Kung Fu : The Legend Continues , " 1992
Film
" Bound for Glory , " 1976
" Kill Bill : Vol. 1 , " 2003
" Kill Bill : Vol. 2 , " 2004
" I do not know if you want to call it accidental , " Chuck Binder , Carradine 's manager , told CNN 's Larry King on Thursday .
He said Carradine 's career was on a roll .
Binder said a producer of the movie , " Stretch , " which Carradine was to act in , called him from Thailand to tell him what was happening there .
" I do not want to get in the middle of this whole investigation , but this guy said to me for sure there was foul play , " Binder said .
Watch Carradine 's friends discuss loss »
Actor Michael Madsen told King that the one thing Carradine 's wife , Annie Bierman , wanted everyone to know is , " David was not suicidal . "
Investigators found no sign of a forced entry into Carradine 's room , Bangkok Police Lt. Colonel Pirom Chanpirom said .
Smith would not confirm Friday that Carradine 's family had hired private investigators to look into his death , but she did say a private autopsy would be done .
Modern audiences may best know Carradine as " Bill " in Quentin Tarantino 's " Kill Bill " films .
He earned a 2005 Golden Globe nomination for his role in the second movie in the two - part saga .
Tarantino , also appearing on " Larry King Live , " called Carradine one of " Hollywood 's great mad geniuses . "
" He was a rock star at the time ' Kung Fu ' came out , " Tarantino said , holding up a vintage metal lunch box with an image from the popular show .
Watch Carradine discuss " Kung Fu " role »
" I 'm in shock , " he said .
Carradine 's career included more than 100 feature films , two dozen television movies and theater work , according to the Internet Movie Database .
" He was clearly an actor who followed his own path , " said Leah Rozen , movie critic for People magazine .
See photos of some of his notable roles »
" He was never a guy who talked a whole lot .
You knew , as an actor , the characters he played , you knew they had a past , you knew there was probably some unhappiness there , but he was n't going to talk about it . "
Carradine was nominated for a Golden Globe for his role as folk music legend Woody Guthrie in the 1976 movie " Bound for Glory , " according to a biography on his official Web site .
He also made appearances in television series such as " Gunsmoke " and " Alfred Hitchcock Presents . "
His first starring role in a series was as the title character in " Shane " in 1966 .
iReport : Share memories of David Carradine
Carradine was married five times and divorced four , according to People magazine .
He was the son of John Carradine , a character actor who appeared in hundreds of films , plays and television episodes .
" David 's career as an artist did not begin on the stage , though some of his early career was on and off Broadway .
His earliest work was as a sculptor and painter , " Carradine 's official Web site says .
The site also includes an " Art Bio , " in which the actor opened up about his life .
" I 've always had an especially hard time with everything I 've tried to do , " Carradine wrote .
" I 've made it pretty big as an actor in spite of being terminally shy .
...
Invariably , I had huge obstacles to overcome in anything I tried .
Had to work against my genes to achieve my dreams . "
CNN 's Jack Hannah , Kocha Olarn and A. Pawlowski contributed to this report .
All About Bangkok • Quentin Tarantino
При выборе клуба читал отзывы .
Сходил посмотреть .
И вот что могу сказать всем .
Не читать надо отзывы , а идти смотреть и делать выводы .
ООО " Фитнес дом " например : большой зал и почти пустой , хорошие бани , но отношение сотрудников отвратительное .
всем на вас наплевать и цена высокая .
Тренажеры все есть .
Атмосфера приятная и дружелюбная .
Короче выбрал …
Виктор
Is This the Source of the Forged ‘ Kenyan Birth Certificate ? ’
Created : August 03 , 2009 19:34 | Last updated : July 31 , 2020 00:00
[ Update : Credit where it 's due — my source tipped me off to this in the Politijab web forums , which have become a good site for " birther " debunking . ]
One of my friends in the small community of Obama “ birther ” - debunkers passes on quite the discovery : a 1964 “ certified copy of registration of birth ” from Australia , easily available on Bomford.
net , a genealogy site .
There are striking similarities between this document and the one Orly Taitz is passing off as a “ Kenyan birth certificate ” for Barack Obama .
The design is identical , down to the seal at the top and the classifications ( “ Christian name , ” etc ) used for identifying the baby .
The “ registrar ” on the Bomford document is G.F. Lavender .
On the Taitz document , it ’s E.F. Lavender .
The “ district registrar ” on the Bomford document is J.H. Miller .
On the Taitz document , it ’s M.H. Miller .
Image has not been found .
URL : http://farm4.static.flickr.com/3576/3787533878_f2e7154dac.jpg
The number of the book is identical on both documents : Book 44B , Page 5733 .
What ’s more likely — that two Kenyan bureaucrats shared last names with two Australian bureaucrats , and that the numbers on both certificates were identical ?
Or that someone used this document , available online for anyone who wanted to look , to forge the Obama “ certificate ? ”
Update :
As a commenter points out , the Bomford . net site is down .
Here is the original image , from that site :
And here is the Taitz document :
–
* You can follow TWI on Twitter and Facebook . *
Do n't waste your time dating when you can cut straight to the chase .
Check out the world 's best online hookup sites with millions of people looking for one thing .
What are you waiting for ?
Causes of gray hair , HDL cholesterol and interval training , ice therapy , obesity tax
Did You Know ...
Furci Home / Fitness Channel / Bullz - Eye Home
A column by Mike Furci that brings you research , trends and other info to help you with your fitness , health and nutritional needs .
... wisdom has nothing to do with your hair turning gray ?
According to European scientists , gray is caused by a massive buildup of hydrogen peroxide due to wear and tear of our hair follicles .
The peroxide blocks the normal synthesis of melanin , the hair 's natural pigment .
All of our hair cells make small amounts of hydrogen peroxide , but as we get older , this process speeds up .
We actually bleach our hair from within .
( " Science Daily , " Feb. 24 , 2009 )
... high intensity interval training can have a positive effect on high density lipoprotein ( HDL ) cholesterol levels ?
Three dozen untrained men , ages 21 to 36 , participated in a study to determine whether an 8 - week program of high intensity interval training would significantly raise HDL cholesterol and reduce total cholesterol .
Participants were randomly assigned to an interval training group or a control group .
The interval training group ran four sets of 800 meter intervals with a 1:1 work - to - rest ratio , at 90 percent of their age - predicted maximum heart rate .
The interval sessions were performed three times per week .
The control group was instructed not to participate in any vigorous activity during the training period .
The results indicate that high intensity interval training with a 1:1 work - to - rest ratio is capable of elevating HDL in young men with normal total cholesterol , but seems to have no effect on total cholesterol .
( " Journal of Strength and Conditioning Research , " 2009 ; 23 ( 2 ) : 587-592 )
More research should be done to see if men with high total cholesterol would benefit from this type of training .
This would only interest somebody who believes in the lipid hypothesis , which implicates cholesterol as the cause of heart disease .
Those of you familiar with my writings know I disagree with that notion .
... even though ice therapy is a crucial therapy for reducing edema , inflammation , and pain , timing is very important ?
Researchers from Old Dominion University measured the immediate and short term effects of three and 10 - minute ice bag applications to the hamstrings on functional performance .
A total of 42 injury - free recreational athletes participated in the study .
Power and functional performance was impaired immediately following and 20 minutes after the 10 - minute ice bag application .
The three - minute ice bag application had no effect .
( " Journal of Strength and Conditioning Research , " 2009 ; 23( 1 ) : 40 - 50 )
Cryotherapy prior to an activity will have an adverse effect because of the depressing effects on motor activity .
The muscle being cooled becomes less able to generate force .
This inability to generate maximum force is caused by decreased nerve conduction .
Cooling a muscle prior to an activity also increases your risk of injury .
... the state of New York is considering imposing an " obesity tax " on its citizens or anyone who visits ?
The obesity tax would place an 18 percent sales tax on non-diet soda and other sweetened beverages with less than 70 percent fruit juice .
Of course , Gov. Patterson is for it because it will generate an estimated $ 400 million .
State Health Commissioner Richard Daines made a You Tube video explaining why he thinks it 's a good idea .
He points out obesity rates and shows a comparison of milk and soda consumption .
I personally think this is BS .
It 's another example of big brother coming down on Joe Citizen and imposing its will .
The state of New York is trying to take away freedom of choice under the disguise they are concerned about our health .
What 's next , the type of car you drive , the type of meat you eat , what kind of clothes you can buy ?
Government has no business making decisions for us by taxation .
They are legal products and this is a free nation .
Do n't Tread on Me !
... athletes receive massage post - exercise in order to hasten recovery ?
In a study , 60 healthy subjects underwent two exercise protocols two weeks apart .
After the subjects recovered from the workout they were randomly assigned to a massage group or a placebo group .
Saliva samples were taken before and after the training , as well as after the recovery .
In both groups , exercise induced an increase in cortisol ; a decrease in salivary IgA ; and an increase in total saliva protein .
Massage had a significant effect on IgA and total protein levels , but no effect on cortisol .
Because massage had a significant effect on IgA , one could infer massage would help recovery by improving the immunosuppressive effects of exercise .
This is a stretch .
( " Journal of Strength and Conditioning Research , " 2009 ; 23 ( 1 ) : 638-644 )
Unfortunately , this study showed no effect on lowering post - exercise cortisol levels , and higher cortisol levels are not what an athlete wants in terms of achieving recovery .
Transcript :
Sheena drove to the airport so slowly that she caused 120 other drivers to each arrives 5 minutes late to their destinations .
Her putziness at the security checkpoint cost 40 of her fellow travelers 3 minutes each .
( Man : Is that a laptop in your bag ?
We have to put it through again . )
Her finest monument took place after the plane landed .
Fumbling with her bags forced 360 passengers to wait to the aisle for 2 minutes .
America 's slowpokes : heroes of population control .
( Woman : 24 man - hours wasted in a day - I 've killed a whole person ! )
Kurt Nimmo
Infowars
August 25 , 2009
An article published by The Mail On Sunday reveals that convicted Lockerbie bomber Abdelbaset al - Megrahi is innocent .
Lawyers for the cancer - stricken Libyan , released from a Scottish prison last week on humanitarian grounds , presented evidence to the Court of Appeal indicating that crucial details in the case were not submitted to the court and evidence submitted was tampered with .
In addition , U.S. intelligence agencies believe that Iran , not Libya , was responsible for the attack that killed 270 people on Pan Am flight 103 .
Abdelbaset al - Megrahi ( l ) arrives in Libya .
Ian Ferguson , an investigative journalist and co-author of the book Cover-up of Convenience : The Hidden Scandal of Lockerbie , told the British newspaper “ Megrahi was made the scapegoat for whatever reason and from that point everything went in reverse to try to make the crime fit . ”
Last week , Infowars posted an article indicating the bomber was in fact the U.S. and Israeli intelligence asset Abu Nidal .
Former Labor MP
Tam Dalyell and Edinburgh law professor Robert Black presented evidence in 2008 showing that Nidal was connected to the bombing and it was carried out as revenge for the shooting down of an Iranian airbus by the warship USS Vincennes in 1988 .
In a memo dated September 24 , 1989 , the DIA states : “ The bombing of the Pan Am flight was conceived , authorized and financed by Ali-Akbar Mohtashemi - Pur , Iran ’s former interior minister . ”
It took the use of the U.S. Freedom of Information Act to release the full intelligence documents , according to the Mail Online .
“ The execution of the operation was contracted to Ahmad [ Jibril ] , Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine General Command [ PFLP - GC ] leader , for a sum of $ 1 million , ” the DIA documents state .
“ $ 100,000 of this money was given to Jibril up front in Damascus by the Iranian ambassador to Sy [ Syria ] , Muhammed Hussan [ Akhari ] for initial expenses .
The remainder of the money was to be paid after successful completion of the mission . ”
[ efoods ] Dalyell and Black believe the “ mission ” was carried out by Nidal , who was later killed or committed suicide in Iraq .
In May of 2000 , a gag order added weight to the theory that Libya was not behind the Lockerbie bombing .
Dr. Richard Fuisz , a CIA agent and a potential key trial witness , was gagged by the U.S. government under state secrecy laws and faced 10 years in prison if he revealed any information about the terrorist attack , the Sunday Herald reported .
In the U.S. , however , the truth is irrelevant .
In addition to the chairman of the joint chiefs of staff and the director of the FBI expressing outrage over the release of al - Megrahi — and the corporate media ’s tedious feeding frenzy over the incident — campaigners in the states have set up a website demanding Americans punish Scotland by boycotting all travel to the country .
“ In addition , the campaign ’s organizers , whose identity is unknown , call for a boycott of British products , including whiskey , one of Scotland ’s main industries , worth a record £ 3 billion last year , ” reports The Times Online .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Joule Biotechnologies , with headquarters at 83 Rogers St , Cambridge , Massachusetts is a startup with USD 50 million in its pockets .
It plans to create cheaper fuel than everyone else : the price should be equivalent to less than USD 50 per barrel .
George Church , a Harvard molecular geneticist ( see the picture ) , is among the co-founders : the type of GM organisms seems to be a top secret .
It just seems like a new choice , different from other people attempting to do similar things .
Bill Sims is the newly elected CEO and president .
Click to zoom in .
It 's not another biofuel company .
No agricultural land or fresh water is needed .
You need sunlight and ( concentrated ) carbon dioxide , the gas we call life , but you obtain 20,000 gallons per acre and year ( 18.71 liters per squared meter and year ) , an order of magnitude better result than typical biofuels !
Because the biofuels are close to the edge of being economically meaningful , you may be sure that this order of magnitude is FTW .
A detail I liked about their website is that I did n't find any references to " climate change " .
( Wrong !
See the fast comments . )
After all , if you can get 19 liters of cheap gasoline out of CO2 from each squared meter annually , you are likely to love CO2 . ;-)
See Google News .
Hydrocarbons without life
By the way , some hydrocarbons can be synthesized without the help of life , just with the pressure found inside the Earth 's crust , it was recently argued .
See also Wired .
Another comment .
British archaeologists say that a rise in temperatures by a few degrees - global warming - is what has given the power to the Incan Empire between 550 AD and 1000 AD , after 3000 not - so - warm and not - so - friendly years .
( CNN ) -- Authorities have seized $ 1 billion worth of marijuana plants and have arrested 82 Mexican nationals with ties to drug cartels in the first week and half of an effort to eradicate marijuana fields from California 's Fresno County , the county sheriff 's office said Wednesday .
The 82 suspects arrested so far have links to Mexican drug cartels .
Operation Save Our Sierra began July 13 and involves local , state and federal agencies working together to remove marijuana growing operations , investigate and arrest drug traffickers , and remove infrastructure on public lands in Fresno County , a news release said .
" This is a high - intensity drug trafficking area , " U.S. Drug Czar Gil Kerlikowske said in a phone interview .
" I think what should be highlighted here is the local authorities ' work to reclaim the land from the drug traffickers . "
The 82 suspects arrested so far have links to Mexican drug cartels , local authorities said , though they did not release further details .
Eastern Fresno County , where the seizures have been made , is mountainous and sparsely populated .
Growers exploit the area 's streams , rivers and lakes to create elaborate drip lines for their plants .
A mature plant can be worth $ 4,000 , said Fresno County Sheriff Margaret Mims .
" Fresno County is roughly the size of Connecticut , and the drug traffickers target these areas because they know there is not that significant of a law - enforcement presence , " Mims said .
" The chances of getting caught are slim . "
" The bottom line is our public lands are being destroyed by foreign drug trafficking and heavily armed Mexican cartels , " George Anderson of the U.S. Department of Justice said Wednesday at a news conference highlighting the seizures .
The operation is the largest in Fresno County history and one of the largest in California , Mims said .
" What makes this operation unique is the approach : prevention , enforcement , eradication and reclamation , " she said .
Intelligence gathered for the operation began in February , with community presentations about prevention .
The effort is now focused on shutting down the at least 70 marijuana farms identified by local authorities .
The operation is expected to continue into November , when colder weather makes marijuana growing more difficult .
At least 330,000 marijuana plants have been seized , Mims said .
" This shows what can be accomplished at the local level when agencies work together , " Kerlikowske said .
Kerlikowske , who flew to Fresno County on Wednesday and toured a marijuana farm , said his office is one of the primary sponsors of the operation .
All About Marijuana • California • Drug Trafficking • U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration
Korean PC Game Rips - Off Team Fortress 2
The name of this game is H.A.V.E. Online .
It ’s a PC title , and it ’s supposed to be released sometime this year .
And it looks strangely familiar .
An homage ?
Even with the otaku toy twist , the game is a little too close to Team Fortress 2 for some on the Korean internet , where the game is kicking up a mini-controversy .
Check out the trailer comparison shots and wonder to yourself whey they called this game H.A.V.E. and not Toy Fortress Story .
Missed opportunity , that .
팀 포티리스 2 표절 + 오덕화 ‘피규어 TPS ’ H.A.V.E 영상·스크린샷 공개 [ The World is just awesome ]
Django has proven itself ( to me , anyway ) as a great tool for the job of creating very robust web applications with lightning speed .
In just a week or two , I ’ve created a site that encompasses a blog with an akismet - powered comment moderation system , a code sharing section complete with highlighted code segments ( and line numbers ) , and I have a way to create static HTML pages and map them to whatever URL I want .
Behind all of this is an administrative area where I can add / edit / delete any type of content hosted on the site , add users , put them in groups , and even create new sites , and map content to the different sites .
It ’s pretty powerful .
One thing I really like about Django is that it lets you be sort of a commitment - phobe , and actually rewards you for it .
If you ’re not sure which direction you want to go in with a given feature , just make it as generic as possible .
Not sure which URL you want some content to show up at ?
No problem — edit a line in the project ’s URLConf , and it ’s somewhere else now .
Need to redo that sidebar menu to pull in content from a completely new app ?
No problem .
Edit a template with a couple of new tags , delete some others , and if you ’ve set up inheritance properly , that ’s it .
Done .
Decided you want users to be logged in to see some content ?
Multiple ways to do that – edit the view , edit the template … easy , easy , easy .
And did I say powerful ?
However , with great power , of course , comes great responsibility .
One thing I do n’t want to do is create some monstrosity of code with tightly - coupled entities , because that takes away my ability to be non-commital and make on - the - fly changes with the greatest of ease .
As it turns out , being non-commital takes a bit of thought , and a bit of work .
So here ’s the deal …
I have a blog app which I think is extremely similar to the blog app in Practical Django Projects , 2nd Edition .
It has an Entry object which has some rather nice features that I think are generically useful regardless of whether this “ Entry ” happens to be a blog post , an article in a CMS , a code snippet , or whatever .
And this is the root of my design dilemma .
I ’d like to devote a section of my site to republished articles I ’ve written over the years , and new ones I plan to write going forward .
Having used Django ’s built - in flatpages app for static HTML content , I can already see that it ’s really not up to doing double - duty as a CMS .
Specifically , it does n’t have the notion of status , so I ca n’t mark something “ Draft ” and come back to it later .
It also requires me to put in a URL to create a static mapping between a URL and a flatpage object .
Also , flatpage objects do n’t have attributes I ’d like to have like “ Original Publication Date ” , “ Original Publication URL ” , “ Last Updated ” , etc .
There ’s no notion of categories , tags , or anything like that , either , which I think could be useful in presenting the list of available articles .
But my blog app has a good bit of that functionality , and my Entry object has a good number of the attributes I want .
So where to from here ?
Well , I have n’t looked deeply into this , but I know I could subclass Entry , make the one or two changes I ’d need , and go that route .
Unfortunately , doing this basically means that the CMS is n’t really “ standalone ” .
It depends on my blog app .
The other option is to build the features I want * into * the blog app itself .
I have n’t looked deeply into this either , but I do n’t think it would be all that difficult to create a way for me to specify at the time I create an “ Entry ” that this piece of content is a “ Blog Post ” or an “ Article ” .
However , at that point I ’m basically turning my standalone blog app into something that is not just a blog app .
If I ever built another site and only wanted a blog , I could n’t just move my blog app into place and have it .
Or… I could , but I ’d have all this “ Article ” cruft hanging around in my admin interface .
This is all not to mention that I ’d be breaking a tradition of keeping things small and simple , both to ease debugging , and to ease future development of the small , simple app .
Everything becomes more complex .
Maybe I ’m answering my own question …
What to do ?
I ’m unsure which way to take it , to be honest .
My thinking right now is that I ’ll just copy my blog app ’s models .
py file to my new app , make my changes there in the new app , and ‘ syncdb ’ .
Sure , it ’s redundant … but it ’s only redundant * today * .
If I decide later on to add a feature to the blog that makes absolutely no sense for the CMS ( or vice versa ) , I win .
If I decide to create a new site that only needs a CMS * or* a blog , I also win .
I ’m always open to suggestions and bits of wisdom from folks who ’ve been down this road before .
If you see big gaping flaws in my logic , let me know .
Otherwise , I ’m gonna create some short - term redundancy in exchange for some long - term flexibility .
The result ?
A chalky , cloudy Gimlet that tasted of Disprin .
Pearls have long had a reputation as an aphrodisiac — pearl preparations promising Viagra - like results are still widely available today .
( Pliny does not record what happened after Cleopatra won her bet with Antony . )
I noticed no side effects of that kind , or none that I would not have attributed to the gin alone .
But I was buoyed by the notion that the high calcium - carbonate content of the pearl put the cocktail on a par , nutritionally , with a glass of milk .
Anecdotes like Pliny ’s are an important part of what makes gems attractive .
In this respect pearls are no different from emeralds or rubies or any commodity that has been transformed through the power of storytelling from mere stuff into the stuff of legend .
Yet in certain respects pearls are indeed very different .
They are the only gem produced by a living animal .
They require no cutting or polishing .
They are unique in their ancient and near - universal appeal — no other gem has been so widely prized for so long .
The oldest surviving pearl necklace , held in the Louvre , was recovered by archaeologists in Persia and dates from the fourth century b.c .
Effective techniques for faceting gemstones , by contrast , were only intro-duced in the middle of the 17th century .
But what really sets pearls apart from other gems is the particularly vivid way in which they highlight our tendency to destroy the things we love .
II
From antiquity until the 1970s the principal commercially pearled oyster beds lay in the Persian Gulf , the Red Sea and the Gulf of Mannar , between India and Sri Lanka .
Conditions were often harsh .
For divers , internal bleeding , blackouts and the bends were everyday hazards .
Crews in the Persian Gulf would stay at sea for months at a time , but even the innocent distraction of singing was not without an element of danger .
Superstition held that certain melodies favoured by pearlers would lead to blindness if sung aloud .
According to one 19th - century visitor to Sri Lanka ( then Ceylon ) , the pearl - harvesting season began with incantations “ to render the terrible sharks and other monsters of the deep harmless ” .
Weighted with stones , divers plunged to the oyster beds until their ears began to ring and they were yanked back up to the surface by ropes attached to their legs .
Mounds of oysters grew on the beach “ till their fleshy contents had rotted away ” and their pearls were exposed — the stink was horrendous .
The pearls were then sorted by size through a series of brass sieves .
“ The finest would be immediately secured for the Indian Courts , and the inferior kinds as well as the seed pearls transported to Europe to be used in the aljofar work of the Moors , which bedecked the Court dresses of the Iberian beauties . ”
It was an Iberian beauty , Queen Isabella of Spain , and her husband King Ferdinand who sponsored Christopher Columbus in his risky “ enterprise of the Indies ” to find a shortcut to the riches of the East .
Before he set off on his first voyage in 1492 , a deal was struck .
Columbus would gain authority over the lands he discovered , plus ten percent of the profits .
At the top of the monarchs ’ wish - list were pearls .
These , however , were harder to come by than they or Columbus had hoped .
It was not until his third voyage , in 1498 , that he had any luck .
By the mouth of the Orinoco River , in what is now Venezuela , Columbus bartered for pearls with needles , scissors , buttons and broken plates .
Enquiring about the source of the pearls , he was directed to what would soon become known as the Pearl Coast , the richest pearling grounds in the Americas .
But in a baffling lapse of judgement , Columbus failed to inform Isabella and Ferdinand of his discovery .
When they got wind of it , they were furious , and in 1500 he was returned to Spain in shackles .
Bernard Madoff was in the news again today .
I quote here from a CNBC report , adding my own commentary to put the report into perspective .
Disgraced financier Bernard Madoff has arrived at federal prison in Butner , North Carolina , CNBC has learned , though it is still not clear if that will be his permanent home .
President Barack Obama and the sitting members of Congress have not been charged , much less convicted and sentenced , for crimes that make Bernie Madoff ’s look like child ’s play .
Note well : I am referring here not to the assorted murders , assaults , and batteries for which these men and women are manifestly guilty —
I say guilty because they not only admit these crimes , but proudly take public credit for them — but to certain of their strictly financial crimes .
Madoff , 71 , was sentenced last month to 150 years in prison after pleading guilty in March to charges that his investment advisory business was a multibillion - dollar scheme that wiped out thousands of investors and ruined charities .
Madoff caused people to lose billions of dollars .
The U.S. government has caused people to lose trillions of dollars , and it ’s not finished yet .
The public ’s losses mount during every minute of every day .
By its effects in discouraging work , saving , and investment , and thereby reducing capital accumulation , the U.S. Social Security system has caused the nation ’s gross domestic product to fall significantly below the levels it would otherwise have reached .
According to Professor Edgar K. Browning , a leading researcher in this field ,  the available evidence suggests that Social Security has reduced [ current ] GDP by 5 to 10 percent .
Ten percent of GDP is now approximately $ 1.4 trillion — or about 28 times the maximum amount Madoff is believed to have cost his clients .
Moreover , Madoff ’s harm is a one - shot loss , whereas the U.S. government ’s Social Security harm is an ongoing loss that grows annually .
In the future , the annual loss will be even greater than the currently estimated $ 1.4 trillion or so .
Authorities said Madoff had carried out the fraud for at least two decades before confessing to his sons in December that his investment business was a fraud and that he had lost as much as $ 50 billion .
Neither Liberty nor Sa ... Robert Higgs Best Price : $ 3.99 Buy New $ 10.00 ( as of 05:35 EST - Details )
The leaders of the U.S. government have carried out their Social Security fraud — essentially a Ponzi scheme , in substance exactly the same as Madoff ’s scheme — since 1935 , and they have yet to confess to their crimes , unless their family members have been told and have kept the confession to themselves .
Madoff , in contrast to the government , carried out his fraud in a civilized way : he merely misrepresented what he was doing , purporting to invest his clients ’ money and to obtain a high rate of return on these investments .
People dealt with him voluntarily .
Those who suspected something was fishy did not do business with him , and some people went so far as to give substantial information to the SEC to show that Madoff ’s business had to be fraudulent ( which information the SEC ignored for years on end , of course ) .
The U.S. government , however , does not bother to claim any prowess in investing the money it forces people to surrender to its scheme .
It admits that the client ’s return is now close to zero ( varying a bit according to the client ’s age and other factors ) .
Nor does it carry out its admitted Ponzi scheme in a civilized way .
Not only is participation in the scheme involuntary , but the government threatens violence against anyone who fails to participate as it commands him .
Thus , the government operates its Ponzi scheme in a markedly more thuggish manner than Bernie would ever have dreamed of .
He might have been a crook , but he was not a thug .
Everyone ( including Bernie himself ) agrees that Bernie Madoff was a crook .
What is the correct term for the U.S. government , or does the word government tell us everything we need to know about the honesty , humanity , and justice of its actions ?
The Best of Robert Higgs
Maggie ’s beautiful world
An Allegory for Atheists
By Gren Blackall
Smashwords Edition
Copyright by Gren Blackall 2000
This free ebook may be use for non-commercial use , including copying and sharing provided it appears in its entirety , without alteration , with recognition for the author , and the reader is not charged to access it .
Commercial uses must be approved by the author .
Cover design by Whitaker Blackall .
http://www.flickr.com/photos/whitaker/
Also by Gren Blackall
Beatty : http://www.smashwords.com/books/view/3519
Coffee : http://www.smashwords.com/books/view/826
Contact the author ( generous compliments and scathing criticisms all welcome ) : grensemail@gmail.com
ONE
Government records will be more open in South Dakota , Florida is cracking down on illicit prescription drug sales , and downing a cold one at the corner bar will be easier in Utah .
New laws that took effect this month reflect states ’ concerns with holding police more accountable , expanding the use of DNA to solve crimes and offering certain tax breaks .
July 1 was the effective date in many states for laws passed during this year ’s legislative sessions .
Some laws create new state responsibilities .
Florida , the nation ’s leader in illicit sales of addictive prescription drugs such as the painkiller OxyContin , will join 38 other states that have electronic tracking systems for such drugs .
Critics say the new law is n’t strong enough and may infringe on patient privacy .
Advertisement
California now requires that chain restaurants disclose the calories on standard menu items .
In South Carolina , unmarried biological fathers of children have to register paternity claims with the state to preserve parental rights .
Other laws ease requirements .
Utah lifted some of the nation ’s strictest regulations limiting who can belly up to the bar .
For 40 years , the state has considered bars to be private clubs that can grant admission only to members who have filled out an application and paid a fee , or to members ’ guests .
The system is being scrapped in an effort to lure tourists and make the state more appealing for businesses .
Advertisement
In Ohio , truck drivers are finally able to travel on most interstates at 65 mph , like cars .
“ It ’s safer when everybody is trying to go the same speed , ” said Larry Davis , president of the Ohio Trucking Assn. , which lobbied for the change .
Some laws put extra mandates on police departments .
SWAT teams in Maryland must report on their missions to the governor every six months and report whenever a SWAT team injures or kills a pet .
The law was spurred by last year ’s raid on a mayor ’s house during which police killed the official ’s two black Labradors .
Police cleared the mayor and said he was victim of a scheme in which drug couriers drop deliveries at the homes of unsuspecting recipients to be picked up by somebody else later .
Although police departments support the law , they ’re concerned that it lacks detail , from what constitutes a SWAT team to how long records will be kept .
“ The law ’s kind of vague about it , ” said Larry Harmel , executive director of the Maryland Chiefs of Police Assn .
Advertisement
Minnesota is compelling police and sheriffs to start searching right away when adults disappear under suspicious circumstances .
Some law enforcement agencies now wait 24 or 48 hours to look into such cases .
The law is named for Brandon Swanson , a 19 - year - old who disappeared last May after he ran his car off the road in rural western Minnesota .
“ We do n’t want to waste law enforcement ’s time , but on the flip side , in some of these situations it ’s life and death , ” said Minnesota state Rep. Marty Seifert , a Republican .
Elsewhere , states such as Florida , Michigan and Nevada are beefing up their laws requiring suspects arrested for felonies -- not just convicted criminals -- to submit DNA samples .
Advertisement
Tax breaks abound .
North Dakota is reducing taxes on income , champagne and pull - tab gambling tickets .
Maryland added domestic partners who co-own homes to the list of people exempted from the state inheritance tax .
North Carolina will provide a series of new and expanded property tax breaks or deferrals to disabled veterans , the elderly and fishery owners .
Washington is giving newspaper printers and publishers a 40 % cut in the state ’s main business tax .
Several laws try to keep children and teens healthy and safe .
Oregon strengthened its existing anti-bullying law after a study found the state ’s 2001 law was failing to stop name - calling , slurs and harassment , especially insults aimed at minorities , girls and gays .
Advertisement
California banned soda from high school cafeterias .
Mississippi now requires anyone 17 or younger to get written permission from a parent or guardian before using an indoor tanning facility .
Parents must be present if the child is 13 or younger .
Concerns about Western water rights spurred a law in Colorado allowing people to collect rainwater for fire protection , animals and household use without fear of prosecution .
It ’s a touchy issue in the state , which does not import water from other states or regions and is forced by law to send it to other states downstream .
Not every law that took effect July 1 deals with important public policy .
A new Florida measure allows state universities to create mausoleums to hold urns of ashes of devoted alumni .
The legislation was requested by the University of Florida , where officials say they get calls about once a month from Gator alums who want to have their ashes spread on the school ’s football field .
Everybody knows how important the oil industry is in our global economy nowadays , and the influence such a power can have on any aspect of every business .
Now , I do n’t want to cross the decent border of believing in a conspiracy theory , but when the oil business is threatened these days , it ’s normal that oil magnates would n’t sit back and watch electric cars and alternative energy providers take their piece of meat from right in front of them .
You know Tesla Motors – they ’re the ones who conceived and manufacture the Tesla Roadster – a logo for electric cars for about two years now .
Tesla is spreading their offices throughout the world , a sign of good evolution .
Daimler AG bought 10 % of Tesla ’s shares back in May .
Yesterday , Reuters reports that Abu Dhabi - based Aabar Investments ( AABAR.AD ) has purchased 40 % of Daimler ’s stake in Tesla Motors .
Their reason was that they would launch a joint venture .
If the bell did n’t ring to you by now , I ’m telling you that Aabar is an investment company controlled by the International Petroleum Investment Company ( IPIC ) , owned by the Governmnet of the Emirate of Abu Dhabi , who provides most of the oil produced by the United Arab Emirates , the world ’s third largest oil exporter .
So , the interest is pretty high .
Now , Aabar does n’t do much with those 4 % of Tesla , but their action shows a proof of concept that electric car companies could be acquired through economic tricks by the same old oil drillers – the enemy of the electric car .
We could think of Aabar ’s acquisition as a small step into what could be a way to diversify their field of action , and to easily integrate into the electric car industry , also making a greener image and a having a word to say , but it ’s very unlikely .
Having seen the death of GM ’s EV1 , only the thought they could eventually do something similar to the electric car industry gives me chills .
I know , this also seems unlikely , but I ’ve seen so many unexpected movements and agreements that it would n’t surprise me at all if one day I ’ll hear the bad news .
( Visited 58 times , 1 visits today )
Israel 's firebrand foreign minister has ordered that his country 's embassies and consulates around the world display a photograph of Adolf Hitler with a Palestinian cleric .
It is part of a government push for the construction of a Jewish residential development in East Jerusalem .
The United States does not want the development to go ahead , but Israel is defying the pressure and making a point of showing that the land in Jerusalem 's Arab quarter once belonged to the Grand Mufti of Jerusalem - a known Nazi collaborator .
In 1941 Hitler was photographed in Berlin with the then Grand Mufti of Jerusalem , Haj Amin al - Husseini .
At the time the Mufti led a number of violent campaigns against Jewish immigrants in what was then British - ruled Palestine , and he unsuccessfully sought Hitler 's support for Arab independence and against Israel 's creation .
But the Mufti was also the owner of a building in Arab East Jerusalem , which Israel annexed in 1967 .
The site is now the centre of a dispute between Israel and the US , which is demanding a halt to plans to convert it into a Jewish apartment block .
Already Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has rejected the US demand , saying " unified Jerusalem is the capital of the Jewish people and the state of Israel " .
" Our sovereignty is non-negotiable .
We cannot accept the idea that Jews will not have the right to live and buy in any location in Jerusalem , " he said .
Now , Israel 's ultra-nationalist foreign minister Avigdor Lieberman has waded into the dispute , dredging up the photograph of Hitler and the Grand Mufti to support the case .
He has had copies of the snap sent to about 100 Israeli embassies and consulates overseas so the world will know the truth and presumably ease pressure on Israel .
" It is not reasonable that we will discriminate against Jews in Jerusalem .
Just like no - one thinks to make any remarks about Jerusalem Arabs who buy apartments in Jewish neighbourhoods , " he said .
The US State Department put its case to Israel 's ambassador in Washington , Michael Oren , at the weekend , telling him the development should not go ahead .
The international community regards the development as a Jewish settlement and therefore illegal , while Palestinians want East Jerusalem as their capital in any future independent state .
Senior Palestinian negotiator Saeb Erekat says the planned development " underminds the peace process " .
" The Israeli Government continues its defiance of the international community , as the American administration calls to stop settlement activities including natural growth , " he said .
" This undermines the peace process and this undermines the credibility of those involved in making the peace process continue . "
As for the Grand Mufti , he failed miserably in his anti Zionist campaign .
He fled Palestine a few years before it became Israel .
And 11 years after his death , his building site was sold to an American - Jewish millionaire .
A Discussion Group for the purpose of advancing the causes of peace , inclusion , equity , humanity , quality of life , sustainability , neighborhood - based and inter-community ecological economic planning and redevelopment , financial systems restructuring , health care reform , resource conservation , demand side management , supply side reallocation , transportation planning , agricultural and food issues , cooperative economics , housing , socialism ...
No one really knows how many houses are owned by banks .
Banks often buy homes in foreclosure to limit losses , hoping that they 'll be able to turn the house around for a profit later .
But after months and months of foreclosures , banks may now be preparing to sell the houses they 've been buying .
Anecdotal evidence from Las Vegas , one of the foreclosure capitals of the US , suggests that we 're about to see a release of bank - owned home inventory into the market .
From the Las Vegas Sun :
With sales at their highest level since June 2006 and first - time homebuyers and investors gobbling up inventory , it has raised the question of whether lenders will flood the market with a backlog of foreclosures .
Some analysts have suggested that banks may have as many as 25,000 homes in foreclosure inventory that they have been holding back to prevent prices from dropping too far .
Dennis Smith , president of Home Builders Research , says the inventory of existing homes continues to be a hot topic .
He says that if you supplement the Multiple Listing Service data with daily anecdotal information that comes from Realtors , it appears the inventory of existing homes has reached the point where major banks will soon start releasing some of their foreclosure properties that they have been holding back .
That could mean thousands of homes that banks will want to clear from their books , Smith says .
“ Realtors who specialize in foreclosures and bank - owned properties are certainly gearing up for a flood of listings during the upcoming weeks , ” Smith says .
A statement issued by Ten said the network was concerned with the conflict between his TV and radio persona .
‘‘ It has become increasingly clear that as has remained a family focused show ... his radio persona has taken on a more controversial position . ’’
Of particular concern with the seventh season of , which begins on Sunday , is Ten ’s decision to shift it into the family - friendly timeslot of 6.30 pm on Sunday .
‘‘ The recent controversy surrounding Kyle 's radio program has highlighted more than ever the conflicting attitude of the two careers , ’’ the statement said .
Sandilands earns approximately $ 4 million annually from his television and radio commitments – $ 2 million from Austereo with a $ 100,00 bonus each time his program wins one of the eight annual radio surveys , plus another $ 1 million for his role with .
Washington — Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano is asking Congress to repeal a post - Sept. 11 , 2001 , law that was meant to enhance the security of driver 's licenses but has elicited the wrath of governors nationwide who say it is too costly .
The Real ID Act , which was passed in 2005 but does n't begin to go into effect until the end of the year , was the brainchild of Rep. Jim Sensenbrenner , a Republican from Menomonee Falls who then served as chairman of the House Judiciary Committee .
Appearing Wednesday before the Senate Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs , Napolitano warned that millions of travelers could face increased security screening at airports next year unless Congress acts soon because few states are on track to comply with the law .
She wants lawmakers to pass a new measure known as Pass ID that would increase driver 's license security but give states more leeway on how to implement the changes .
Sensenbrenner , who authored the Real ID
Act in an attempt to enhance the security of driver 's licenses after the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks , called Napolitano 's proposal a " watered - down " version of his original act .
The Sept. 11 Commission singled out making identification documents more secure as a way to help avoid further attacks after 18 of the 19 terrorists involved in the attacks were found to have carried state driver 's licenses .
" Secretary Napolitano is advocating for less homeland security when her job is to keep the homeland safe , " Sensenbrenner said Wednesday .
But Napolitano , a former governor whose state of Arizona chose not to comply with Real ID , argues that the act is unworkable because a dozen states so far have passed laws prohibiting compliance with the act and dozens more have raised serious objections to the measure .
" The major problem with Real ID is that it is producing very little progress in terms of securing driver 's licenses , and it is not getting us to where we need to be , " Napolitano said .
" Simply put , Real ID is unrealistic . "
New proposal
She said her plan would beef up the security of driver 's licenses while giving states more flexibility to comply with the program .
She also argued that the measure would keep costs down and take less time to implement than Real ID .
Under current law , states would have to certify that they are complying with certain standards for validating the security of driver 's licenses by Dec. 31 .
Residents of states that do not certify they are complying with the rules would not be allowed to board airplanes using their driver 's licenses beginning in 2010 .
Under the new proposal , people would not have to have new driver 's licenses to board planes and states would not have to confirm birth certificates used to establish identity with the agency that issued them .
The measure would not force the 50 states to create interlinking driver 's license databases .
States have long said such a system would be costly and technically challenging .
Patrick Fernan , operations manager of the Wisconsin Division of Motor Vehicles , predicted the short - term cost of Pass ID would be similar to Real ID , but states would have to spend less on computer costs over the long haul .
Federal pressure
Wisconsinites started paying $ 10 more for driver 's licenses last year so the state could comply with federal law .
But Gov. Jim Doyle and state Democratic leaders agreed this year to not spend any more money on computer upgrades and other steps to implement the law as it became clear Congress might rework the plan .
The surcharge , which increased the cost of an eight - year license to $ 34 , is expected to bring in $ 13.8 million this year .
State officials now plan to use the money on roads and other projects .
State lawmakers have been frustrated that they have had to raise state fees to fund a program mandated by the federal government .
" If Pass ID is the next approach , it cannot be Real ID lite , " said Rep. Louis Molepske Jr. ( D - Stevens Point ) .
" It has to get at the security of IDs , but it cannot limit Americans ' right to travel .
You ca n't just change the name . "
Refund requested
Molepske , who has pushed legislation that would bar Wisconsin from complying with the law unless the federal government pays for it , also argues that the state should stop charging the $ 10 fee if officials are not using it to implement Real ID .
Chris Klein , executive assistant at the Wisconsin Department of Transportation , argues that refunding the $ 10 fees that already have been collected did n't make sense because that money indeed was spent on Real ID .
Klein also expects the surcharge to be used to implement Pass ID should it become law .
But Sensenbrenner , who recently paid the surcharge when he renewed his driver 's license , says Doyle has been " dishonest with the people of Wisconsin " for deciding to use some of the money collected on things other than Real ID .
" I want a refund , " he said .
Diana Marrero reported from Washington ; Patrick Marley from Madison .
Gnostic Guru !
Straight out of Dennis Mckenna 's " Brotherhood of the Screaming Abyss " , Dennis Mckenna reads a talismanic poem crafted by Terence 's friend , William Watson ; " Pursuing to Peru the Gnostic Guru " .
" The perfect incantation for our quixotic quest " - Dennis J. Mckenna
Due to global warming and the shifting of tectonic plates , most of the Earth 's land has sunk beneath the surface of the ocean .
Only Japan remains and refugees from all nations try to incorporate themselves into Japanese society :
By the Australia - Venezuela Solidarity Network
August 12 , 2009 -- The Australian Broadcasting Corporation 's Foreign Correspondent current affairs TV program screened on August 11 , titled “ Hugo Chavez : Total Control ” did nothing to shore up the ABC ’s reputation for well - informed , accurate reporting .
Eric Campbell 's report from Venezuela was riddled with inaccuracies , half - truths and transparent biases that need to be corrected .
The program ’s main message –- that President Hugo Chavez is “ the dominator … aiming for total control ” in Venezuela -– is the stock - standard propaganda being peddled by a mainstream media that refuses to recognise or reflect the voices of the poor majority in Venezuela .
What “ evidence ” does Foreign Correspondent present for Chavez ’s supposed megalomania ?
Campbell says , “ Millions of poor people see Hugo Chavez as a saint … taking money from the rich and giving it to them ” .
Indeed !
Chavez ’s popularity is based upon his willingness to put the needs of Venezuela 's majority -– who for hundreds of years have been exploited and disenfranchised –- ahead of those of business elites , and to use the country 's natural oil wealth to improve living conditions for most , rather than line the pockets of a tiny elite .
Under Chavez 's leadership , a 50 % increase in social welfare spending in 1999 - 2005 was accompanied by decreases in infant mortality , an increase in school enrolment ( according to the United Nations , illiteracy has been eradicated in Venezuela ) and a decrease in poverty .
By 2005 , approximately 50 % of the Venezuelans enjoyed government health - care and food subsidies .
Between 2000 and 2008 , enrolments in higher education more than doubled .
In the six years to 2009 , according to internationally recognised poverty measures , poverty has been reduced from 55.1 % to 25.3 % .
Extreme poverty has been reduced by 72 % .
( A comprehensive assessment is available in the US Center for Economic and Policy Research ’s 2009 report , The Chavez Administration at 10 Years : The Economy and Social Indicators . )
In the words of one of the very few ordinary working people interviewed by Foreign Correspondent , “ In all ways [ Chavez ] is a president that worries about his people ” .
But , Campbell says , after a referendum this year that enabled Venezuelan presidents to be re-elected beyond three terms , Chavez can now “ keep running for president until he dies ! ” .
Well , so can any Australian prime minister .
And if it is the people ’s will , why not ?
That 's democracy .
Foreign Correspondent does n't even attempt to explain how it is that this supposed dictator can be democratically elected and re-elected in 1998 , 2000 , 2004 and 2006 , in ballots certified as transparent and legitimate by international monitors .
Still not deterred by the facts , Campbell goes on to assert that “ managing the message and clobbering the media have become a Chavez obsession ” .
In fact , there is much more oppositional media in Venezuela than in Australia , and a much greater range of debate in the media .
The vast majority of Venezuela 's media is privately owned .
Before the government acted this month to enforce Venezuela 's telecommunications law -– handing over the expired licences of 32 privately owned radio stations and two regional television stations to community media - ­– just 27 families controlled more than 32 % of the radio and television waves ; many owned 10 to 20 stations .
These rich families ensured that the media is a political player , routinely broadcasting reporting that would not be allowed in Australia ( such as calls for violent protests and insurrection , and , as broadcast recently by privately owned Globovision TV , a call for Chavez to be “ lynched ” ) .
Foreign Correspondent claims that Chavez ’s “ autocratic socialism is jeopardising the benefits of his revolution ” .
This misses the point that it is not Chavez ’s revolution , but the Venezuelan people ’s .
Beyond Campbell ’s “ beleaguered middle class ” ( which all the statistics reveal is actually earning more than ever ) is a thriving network of “ social missions ” and communal councils that are creating a new participatory democracy in Venezuela that , for all the problems that persist in a country that for centuries was bled dry by a wealthy , corrupt elite , creates the possibility for genuine majority rule in Venezuela .
We urge the ABC to revisit the Bolivarian revolution with open ears , eyes and mind , and give viewers the opportunity to hear the voices of the majority in Venezuela .
[ Contact the Australia - Venezuela Solidarity Network at info [ at ] venezuelasolidarity.org or visit http://www.venezuelasolidarity.org.]
WASHINGTON ( AP )  Marion Barry , the former mayor of the District of Columbia , was arrested over the weekend and charged with stalking a female acquaintance , the latest in a long string of legal troubles for him .
Federal Park Police said Mr. Barry , who is a member of the Council of the District of Columbia , was arrested after a woman told an officer that Mr. Barry was stalking her .
He was charged with misdemeanor stalking and released .
The police did not name Mr. Barry ’s accuser .
But his spokeswoman , Natalie Williams , said on Sunday afternoon that the 40 - year - old woman was someone Mr. Barry knew and had helped financially .
The woman and Mr. Barry are friends and had lunch earlier in the day , Ms. Williams said .
Mr. Barry ran into the woman again during Fourth of July festivities in Anacostia Park but was on his way home when the incident occurred , Ms. Williams said .
The more intuitive layout structure is designed , the better users can understand the content .
Whatever content you have to present , you can present them in a more interactive & more responsive ways .
Today we would like to focus on sliding effects and how i can change the structure of a page in a truly unique and creative way .
There are many transition effects that can be used to slide different contents , such as fading , horizontal sliding , vertical sliding , the list goes on .
Try to pick the transition that best captures the style of your website .
In this article we ’d like to present 5 smart techniques for sliding and scrolling content using the power of CSS and the beauty of jQuery .
– “ Sliding Verticaly ” with Button Controls
Share Point Artist has taken a truly unique approach to the “ My Work ” area .
What they have created is an animated SlideShow showing their recent work with a nice hover effect for the “ Previous ” & the “ Next ” buttons .
The navigation options , the “ Previous ” & the “ Next ” buttons are slightly animated yet creating an appropriate atmosphere .
Once one of these buttons is clicked , the content area slides vertically — showing the image of their recent work , with the description of each project in one < li > tag .
HOW TO :
ImageSwitch–
The main point of this plug - in is to make an easy - to - use , simple and fast plug - in to create effect when you switch between images .
Minimize the arguments you need to input and still give some beatiful effects .
View DemoDownload Files
– “ Sliding Horizontally ” with Button Controls
Over the last couple of years we have noticed a strong trend toward sliding horizontal panels or menus also known as Carousels .
Creamy CSS uses a similar effect , once one of the navigation options at the left and right is clicked , a group of images in one < div > tag slides Horizontally .
HOW TO :
jCarousel ( Riding carousels with jQuery ) –
jCarousel is a jQuery plugin for controlling a list of items in horizontal or vertical order .
The items , which can be static HTML content or loaded with ( or without ) AJAX , can be scrolled back and forth ( with or without animation ) .
View DemoDownload Files
Moving Boxes –
The big difference in this slider is that there are buttons to change panels and the panels zoom in and out when user click on the buttons at the left and right .
View DemoDownload Files
– Scrolling Content
It seems to have become a common practice to automatically scroll smoothly to any id or named anchor on the current page when clicking on a same - page link .
For instance , CharlieGentle uses an interesting design approach to scroll smoothly to certain parts of the page .
Initially the visitors see only “ Web ” panel , when one of the menu buttons is clicked , further panels is displayed .
The arrows at the right and left of the site always allows users to scroll to the next or previous panel .
Another great example of smooth scrolling can be seen at DesigninSocial , when one of the menu buttons is clicked , different panel is displayed .
HOW TO :
jQuery .ScrollTo–
Ariel Flesler has written an excellent ScrollTo plugin that lets you scroll with many configuration options to customize the animation and also the final position .
View DemoDownload Files
MetaLabDesign uses another interesting approach to scroll smoothly in a visually - appealing manner .
The advantage of using scrollable compared to “ normal ” browser scrolling is that you do n’t see the browser ’s default scrollbars , and you can perform scrolling in much more visually sophisticated ways .
HOW TO :
Scrollable–
The purpose of this library is to make it extremely easy to add scrolling functionality to a website .
The main design goals of this library are to provide visual customization functionality and programmability .
View DemoDownload Files
– Sliding Boxes and Captions
yaypaul uses an interesting design approach to show the title of each project when the mouse is moved over each project image .
Slice Machine has a great example of showing and hiding content by sliding boxes or panes on hover event .
HOW TO :
Sliding Boxes and Captions with jQuery –
All of these sliding box animations work on the same basic idea .
There is a div tag ( . boxgrid in my css ) that essentially acts as a window where two other items of your choosing “ peek ” through .
Set up the default starting point for the caption box .
If you want it fully hidden initially , you will want the distance from the top or left to match the height or width of the window ( .boxgrid ) , depending on which direction it will be sliding .
You can also have it partially visible initially , as .caption .boxcaption illustrates .
View DemoDownload Files
– Sliding Panels
Atlanticbt does a great job of grouping different links in one organized section , appears with a nice slide effect .
HOW TO :
Sliding Login Panel built with jQuery –
In this tutorial , we will see how to create a show / hide login / signup panel for your website using jQuery .
A mootools version van be found here .
Panel overlaps content instead of “ pushing ” it in a slicker way .
View DemoDownload Files
Meteorologists in Japan say the rainy season has just started in Tokyo , but residents in a small coastal town have reported a different phenomenon — tadpoles dropping out of the sky .
An office clerk in Nanao said he first noticed the anomaly when he heard a dull thud in a parking lot last week , news reports said .
Looking around , he saw about 100 dead amphibians splattered on car windshields and the ground .
More reports followed from bewildered residents in Nanao .
“ People speculate that a waterspout picked them up and dropped them from the air , ” said an official at a local weather observatory .
“ But from a meteorological point of view , I have to say it is most unlikely . ”
“ We have checked the weather conditions of last week , thinking gusts of wind might have hit the area but confirmed no damage , ” he said .
“ To be honest , I do n’t think it was anything caused by a weather condition . ”
Similar events — in what is sometimes called the “ Fafrotskies ” phenomenon , short for “ fall from the sky ” — have been reported around the world , with whirlwinds passing over water bodies and picking up frogs , jellyfish or other unfortunate animals before dumping them back to earth .
– AFP
Group on Facebook has over 29,000 members and this is not even a trend yet .
I love this project !
I wonder if people are doing this in Montreal ?
Anyone want to lie down at Turcot Yards with me ?
Photo : Lo Wright
Photo : Lorraine Brown
Photo : Sam Thurstan
Photo : Joe Wright
Photo : Travis Williams
Photo : Leanne Matthews
The Lying Down Game
Canadian Member of Parliament for the New Democratic Party and former frontman for the awesome punk band L'Etranger Charlie Angus sez ,
I saw your comments on the Toronto town hall copyright forum [ ed : in which the NDP was threatened with expulsion for handing out fliers calling for a moderate new copyright law that balanced public rights with the rights of copyright holders ] .
The fallout has been very bizarre .
A copyright lobbyist with the American federation of Musicians is circulating an online e-mail demanding the NDP apologize for our " disgusting " position on balanced copyright .
The attack was caused by Olivia Chow handing out an interview I did with EXCLAIM Magazine on how copyright changes could benefit independent Canadian bands .
Exclaim did the interview with me because of my background with DIY bands .
Seems to me the interview is consistent with what the NDP have always said on this file — we want artists to be able to benefit from the massive stream of information being traded but we do n't want average citizens turned into criminals .
Here 's Michael Geist 's blog on the attack on us .
I was elected to participate in discussions about public policy .
I have never heard of a lobbyist group demand an apology for speaking out about a totally botched piece of legislation like Bill C - 61 .
If they spent less time running e-mail attacks and more time speaking with the various players they might realize that the NDP position has been balanced and consistent from the beginning .
As for a public recanting to satisfy the C - 61 lobby ?
Sorry , dude …. it ai n't happening .
Selamat Datang di Raja Info Poker ,
Agen situs yang memberikan informasi tentang situs poker online terbaik se-Indonesia .
Dalam website kami ini hanya akan memberikan 1 situs agen online terpercaya akan memberikan anda keyakinan dan kenayamanan dalam bermain poker online .
Tidak kalahnya dengan website website yang lain , poker yang kami rekomendasikan ini sangat lah terjamin .
Baik dalam hal pelayanan deposit / withdraw atau pun masalah lain .
Kami sebagai penyedia sumber tentang situs judi online yang ada diindonesia ini akan mengupas 1 website ini secara ringkas .
Agar para penjudi yakin dengan website yang 1 ini .
Penasaran kah anda dalam pembahasan kami ?
Mari kita simak bersama - sama :
SENANGPOKER >>>
Situs Poker Online Terbaik , Terpercaya dan Domino QQ .
TUTORIAL LAKUKAN PENDAFTARAN DI SITUS POKER DOMINO QQ ONLINE SENANGPOKER
Sudah peroleh pilihan yang cocok ?
Untuk peroleh user id tentu anda harus kerjakan pendaftaran .
Langkahnya juga demikian mudah , anda bisa click di menu daftar yang telah disediakan .
Lalu isi kolom - kolom yang telah disediakan dengan benar dan lengkap .
Kami hanya inginkan mengingatkan bila data harus di isi benar karna apabila pihak agen dominoqq deposit murah inginkan memverifikasi data anda , jadi yang di pakai yakni data yang anda isi di kolom itu .
User id dan password juga tidak dapat di sharing ke orang yang beda karna apabila terjadinya hal yg tidak di inginkan .
Karena itu yakni peluang dari pada anda sendiri .
Setelah anda isi semua kolom itu , anda bisa isi kolom Captcha dan click submit .
Lalu anda sudah bisa login dalam website judi online pilihan anda .
TUTORIAL LAKUKAN DEPOSIT DAN WITHDRAW DI SITUS POKER DOMINO QQ ONLINE SENANGPOKER
Setelah anda memiliki user id , tentu anda inginkan mulai permainan yang anda kehendaki .
Namun saldo di dalam user id anda tetap masih 0 .
Anda harus kerjakan deposit lebih dahulu dengan mentransfer dana ke rekening deposit yang telah di sediakan .
Untuk transaksi semua website poker online terpercaya ini menggunakan bank lokal Indonesia .
Bank itu mulai dari bank BCA , BNI , BRI , Mandiri , Danamon , CIMB Niaga .
Anda dapat kerjakan transfer dana sama seperti minimal deposit yang telah diputuskan atau lebih dapat juga .
Sudah suka bermain dan anda inginkan menarik kemenangan anda ?
Langkahnya demikian mudah , anda hanya perlu berhenti bermain lebih dahulu .
Lantas isi form penarikan dana / withdraw yang telah disediakan dan isi kolom itu dengan nominal yang anda inginkan withdraw .
Dana itu kelak akan di transfer oleh pihak bandar judi online itu pada rekening anda .
Rekening yang telah anda daftarkan saat anda kerjakan pendaftaran .
System mungkin saja saja menelan waktu 2 - 5 menit dan dana anda sudah masuk dalam rekening anda .
Demikian mudah dan sederhana tentunya bermain judi online di judi poker domino qq online yang cocok .
BONUS MINGGUAN POKER DOMINO QQ ONLINE SENANGPOKER
Ada juga bonus rollingan mingguan yang bisa anda dapatkan dari beberapa Website Agen Judi Poker untuk beberapa permainan khusus .
Permainan itu misalnya saja bandar q , capsa susun , poker online , bandar poker , domino , adu q , dan lain sebagainya situs poker online terbaik .
Bonusnya juga berbagai dari 0 . 5 % atau 0 . 3 % tergantung kebijakan poker domino qq online terpercaya Indonesia Senangpoker .
Namun beberapa agen mewajibkan anggota mempunyai TO minimal Rp. 1.000.000 apabila kehendaki bonus demikian .
Dan bonus tunover biasanya dibagian satu hari khusus setiap harinya .
Setelah anda dapat memahami apa yang sudah kami jelaskan diatas , anda dapat mencoba situs yang kami rekomendasikan terbaik diatas untuk anda .
Terimakasih bagi anda yang sudah mengunjungi website kami di rajainfopoker.org daftar situs agen poker online terbaik semoga apa yang sudah kami jelaskan diatas dapat memberikan anda kepuasan dan pemahaman yang kuat untuk bermain di poker online terbaik .
Dan tidak lupa juga bagi anda yang ingin memberikan kritik dan saran anda kepada kami bisa mengisi bagian laman kontak kami yang sudah kami sediakan .
Salam hoki bagi kita semua pecinta judi online indonesia .
Top Gear presenter Jeremy Clarkson has described the people who go to the filming of the hit BBC2 show as " oafs " and admitted flouting health and safety rules .
Clarkson , appearing at the MediaGuardian Edinburgh International Television Festival yesterday alongside executive producer Andy Wilman , also said women were often pushed to the front of the audience so they were seen behind the presenters .
" We get 500 people coming to the show each week and most of them are oafs , " he said .
" Who would you rather have in our shots ? "
But he said it would be a " disaster " to have a female presenter on the show .
" I think a girl would be a disaster , seeing the chemistry we have now , " he said .
" You bring a girl in and you start taking the piss out of her , that would look like bullying .
" I remember when we were doing the original screen tests [ for other presenters ] and BBC people were insisting we had to hire a girl after we had selected [ Richard ] Hammond , so we just got James May . "
Clarkson , 49 , has previously courted controversy at the filming of Top Gear , which takes place in an old aircraft hanger , by describing Gordon Brown as a " cunt " in comments to the studio audience that were not broadcast .
But he said he did not think he ever overstepped the mark .
" I do n't think we do , " he said .
" I do n't think we even get close to it . "
Clarkson also admitted sometimes purposefully ignoring BBC health and safety rules , and gave the example of when he drove a lorry through a brick wall .
" I was told the fastest I could go was 30 mph , " he said .
" I thought this is going to look phoney so I put my foot down .
But only when I got up close to the wall did I think I was going too fast .
And it did hurt .
But doing a show like Top Gear , presenters are going to get hurt or killed .
A Top Gear spokesman said last night : " Jeremy , Richard and James look like oafs , as do most car blokes , so it 's not like they are separating themselves from the audience . "
The Black Eyed Peas ' credibility , a mainstay in the genre since 1998 's Behind the Front , died on Sunday , in a spinning class at the 24 - Hour Fitness by my house .
It was eleven - years - old .
The credibility , once as strong as any hip - hop group 's , has been in poor health since 2003 , when Fergie showed up .
It had suffered a number of setbacks since then , including injuries caused by the release of 2004 's " Where is the Love " and 2005 's " Let 's Get it Started . "
It was hospitalized earlier this year after Will .
I. Am 's showed up in an overwrought Pepsi campaign .
The Black Eyed Peas ' credibility finally succumbed at 9:42 a.m. Sunday , when the instructor in my spinning class played " I 've Gotta Feeling " and " Boom Boom Pow " back to back in an attempt to help me and several middle - aged women climb a make - believe hill .
The Black Eyed Peas ' credibility is survived by Behind the Front , Bridging the Gap , and that cool Obama YouTube video .
The credibility will be memorialized on my way to work tomorrow morning , when I commute to the sounds of " Fallin ' Up " and " Movement . "
Also killed in the same spinning class were the credibility of Kanye West , my tolerance for Madonna 's electronica phase , and both of my lungs .
Hey there , time traveller !
This article was published 24/8/2009 ( 4054 days ago ) , so information in it may no longer be current .
We need theology
I am replying to the letter Who needs theology ?
( Aug. 21 ) by Bob Russell .
I am quite surprised at the writer 's ignorance of what theology is , namely the study of God and what has come from that .
Your ability to write came directly from people who spent their life studying God.
People who study God find themselves drawn to help humanity .
Over 200 years ago , Sunday school was started to teach children to read and write so that they would not be condemned to child labour their whole life .
Hospitals and medicine were a direct result of men and women who studied God and cared enough for humanity to begin learning the care and practice of medicine .
Medicare was an idea put forward by Tommy Douglas , who was a minister .
Did you know that it was people who studied God that decided that it was wrong to throw dead people to the scavengers and began the practice of burying the dead ?
The great universities of the world were started by men who studied God.
Humanitarian agencies were birthed out of the hearts of people who studied God .
What have atheists given to this world ?
Nietzsche , the man who said God is dead and died insane , or maybe Joseph Stalin , the man who sent 46 million people to their death .
Or Hitler , who instituted the Holocaust and destroyed millions of people .
I think humanity needs God because on our own we are really making a mess of things .
I think Jesus had two commands , love the Lord your God with all your heart and soul and strength .
The second is like the first ; love your neighbour as yourself .
Yup , I think maybe if we did that we might be in a bit better place .
Of course that 's theology .
Evan Asselstine
Neepawa
�ñº
Two things need to be said in response to Bob Russell .
First , without the theologian John Calvin ( the 500th anniversary of his birth is this year ) , modern science as we know it would not exist .
Calvin argued God had provided two books which when studied would tell humanity about God : The Book of Nature and the Book of Revelation ( The Bible ) .
In elevating the study of nature in this way , Calvin laid the theoretical framework for modern science .
Second , the quotation from Richard Dawkins implies the only things worth doing are those that produce a functional product .
So singing a song of love and joy to the newborn in your arms is not worth doing ; neither is standing on the dock and watching in awe as the sun sets .
These and moments like them draw us out of ourselves to experience a reality that can not be measured in the lab .
These moments feed our souls .
We live in a world of wonder that mere functional science can not touch .
The best science never loses the joy of wonder .
And wonder brings us closer to God .
Peter Bush
Winnipeg
�ñº
Theology , from the Greek theos ( God ) and logos ( word ) , can be understood as a science , doctrine or theory .
I believe it is the mother of all sciences and that it allows the development of fundamental qualities , like discipline , meaning and hope .
Pierre Lemoine
Winnipeg
�ñº
In response to Bob Russell 's letter , may I submit this suggestion ?
Bob , step out of your residence , constructed from materials designed by scientists , cooled , or heated , by systems designed by scientists and take note of your surrounding buildings , vehicles , roads and bridges , and aircraft , all designed by scientists and marvel at their accomplishments .
And enjoy .
I , in the meantime , will step outside of my home and take in the fresh air , grass , vegetables , fruit , trees , elm , oak , ash spruce , etc .
This planet is such a beautiful gift that it leaves me in perpetual awe .
This is something that no team of scientists can duplicate .
What they can do , though , is make use of the properties bestowed upon them and make our lives more comfortable .
Me ?
I 'm going with a higher power , whom I refer to as God .
El Hancox
Beausejour
They deserve our support
One of the issues now before us is the behaviour of one firefighter working out of the Osborne Street station ( Firefighters fear sex- romp backlash , Aug. 24 ) .
Many of us have on occasion fallen from grace .
This is not condoning the man 's alleged actions but rather looking at the entire picture .
Generally , gratefulness is an appropriate word to use when speaking about our fire and police departments .
They risk their lives daily for our safety .
Consider this quote : " There is some bad in the best of us and some good in the worst of us . "
Three cheers for our public servants .
When we need their services we are on our knees .
Hart Peikoff
Winnipeg
Show us the Games
Where in blazes is the television coverage of our Canada Games ?
Does n't CBC stand for Canadian Broadcasting Corporation ?
What an insult to our Canadian athletes who have devoted years of dedicated practice to their sport in hopes of representing the country at the Canadian Games .
Shame on CBC !
It should change its name to ABC , namely , Anything But Canadian .
The other Canadian networks are n't much better .
If it were not for the newspapers , we would n't even know the games were being played .
Disgraceful !
EILEEN PENNYCOOK
Winnipeg
Coverage unworthy
I loved Meghan Daum 's column of Aug. 24 ( Bad parent porn appeals to the smug ) .
The media circus surrounding the woman who gave birth to eight babies never stops .
Daum wisely claims that " bad parenting has emerged as its own entertainment genre . "
Is it really necessary to have front page headlines like Mom plans surprise for bully with supporting comments from a parent who gives her son " full permission to kick the snot out of the other boy ( bully ) " ?
Please leave this kind of story for the tabloids so I will not be assaulted with the kind of story that could easily incite violence in our schools .
Pat Malis
Winnipeg
Bullies have problems
Your article Should bullied kids fight back ?
( Aug. 24 ) struck a personal chord with me .
I was bullied as a teen and lived in constant fear of my peers .
I tried fighting back , even telling someone in authority at school , but that only seemed to make matters worse .
Back then schools did n't have any anti-bullying programs or policies like they do today .
I was made fun of simply because I was different .
Yes , the name calling and the physical abuse hurt .
But I was n't about to change who I am or what I believed in .
And why should I ?
The kids who bullied me were the ones who had a problem and not me .
I made the decision not to behave as they did .
I would help people and not hurt them .
I wanted to make a difference in people 's lives and in my community .
And that is what I 'm doing today .
Harry Wolbert
Winnipeg
Freeing a terrorist
The decision of the Scottish justice secretary to release the Lockerbie bomber has understandably created great consternation .
No one can fail to appreciate the feelings especially of the families of the 270 who perished on the plane that came down over Lockerbie in 1988 .
We might give some thought , however , to an aspect of this story that few are considering .
Justice Secretary Kenny Macaskill concluded his statement of explanation about the release by saying , " Mr. Al Megrahi now faces a sentence imposed by a higher power .
It is one that no court , in any jurisdiction , in any land , could revoke or overrule .
He is going to die . "
Then , he added , " The perpetuation of an atrocity and outrage cannot and should not be the basis for losing sight of who we are , the values we seek to uphold , and the faith and beliefs by which we seek to live . "
It will not go unnoticed by many in the Arab and Muslim world that a politician of a largely Christian nation should invoke his faith in coming to a decision such as this .
Even if there was jubilation within Libya at this turn of events , thoughtful people will see a face of Christianity that can go a huge distance to lessening the animosities that now exist between the largely Christian west and the largely Muslim Middle East , and perhaps even open them to very different understandings .
I for one applaud Macaskill for the courage to make a very difficult decision despite his awareness of the strong feelings on all sides of such an action .
A reading of his entire statement makes it abundantly clear that it was not done lightly .
Harold Jantz
Winnipeg
Snakes and Ladders is a board game usually played by children .
The Hasbro version , called Chutes and Ladders , shows children making various decisions , then the consequences of that action .
Good actions allow the player to climb a ladder and get closer to the finish , while bad decisions make the player slide down a chute , which takes him farther from the finish .
Players
Snakes and Ladders is played by two to four players , each with her own token to move around the board .
Moving
Players roll a die or spin a spinner , then move the designated number of spaces , between one and six .
Once they land on a space , they have to perform any action designated by the space .
Ladders
If the space a player lands on is at the bottom of a ladder , he should climb the ladder , which brings him to a space higher on the board .
Snakes / Chutes
If the space a player lands on is at the top of a snake / chute , she must slide down to the bottom of it , landing on a space closer to the beginning .
Winning
Every political rebirth starts somewhere , and in the case of America 's hapless Republicans , you could argue that somewhere was a modest pizza joint called Pie-tanza a couple of months ago .
The occasion was n't much – just three party luminaries at a restaurant in a strip mall in the Washington suburb of Arlington on a Saturday morning , taking questions from a few dozen voters .
The occasion was billed as the first stage of a " listening tour " organised by a newfangled body of the National Council for a New America .
More accurately , it might have been called " How to make the Republicans relevant again – any suggestions gratefully received . "
In this summer of 2009 , it is hard to exaggerate the Republican predicament .
Out of fashion , out of power , and above all out of ideas , the party of Abraham Lincoln , Dwight Eisenhower and Ronald Reagan now counts as its most recognisable national figure a somewhat flaky , soon - to - be - ex - governor of Alaska named Sarah Palin , of few discernible political talents other than an inordinate ability to attract press attention .
You may compare that predicament with that of the Tories after Labour had swept them from power in May 1997 .
Not only had the Republicans been in power too long ; by last November 's election , the country had grown as bored of them as Britain had of the Conservatives a dozen years ago .
Both , moreover , had to cope with a charismatic new challenger : it may be hard to remember now , but Tony Blair once generated an excitement comparable to Barack Obama today .
Like the Tories , the Republicans portrayed themselves as defenders of old - fashioned , traditional America , only to suffer a string of sex scandals which exposed them to ridicule .
Even now , they might have surrendered power , but not the capacity to embarrass themselves .
In the past month alone , a couple of rumoured contenders for the 2012 nomination – John Ensign , a right - wing " family values " senator from Nevada , and Mark Sanford , the equally conservative governor of South Carolina – have been exposed as philanderers .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Ensign , it emerged , had an affair last year with a campaign worker , then his parents made a " gift " of almost $ 100,000 to her family .
But that transgression paled beside the Sanford melodrama .
When the governor went AWOL last month , aides at first claimed he had gone on a solitary walking trip in the Appalachians .
A few days later he re-appeared to admit at a tearful press conference that he had actually been in Buenos Aires for a tryst with a former Argentine TV journalist with whom he had fallen in love .
For now , both men are clinging to their jobs , but any lingering claims by the Republican Party to be a beacon of moral rectitude are in ruins .
In some ways , the Republicans are in an even deeper hole than the Tories a dozen years ago .
The debacle of John Major 's " Back to Basics " campaign obscured the fact that he bequeathed to Labour a stable and expanding economy .
'
Last autumn 's financial crisis and the current recession in the US , by contrast , were mainly brought about by a Republican free - market philosophy run wild .
The Crash of 2008 was a failure not just of economic management but of an anti-interventionist , " grab what you can " ideology that had dominated American politics for decades .
Even more than 1997 in Britain , 2008 in the US will surely go down as a watershed year , like 1932 , when the harsh reality of the Great Depression and Franklin Roosevelt 's New Deal ended early - century Republican dominance .
The Democratic era that followed eventually disintegrated amid the turmoil of 1968 and a feeling that liberalism was running amok .
But the subsequent conservative era in the US , with Ronald Reagan its patron saint , has ended in its turn – its fate sealed not just by the shortcomings of George W Bush but a deeper sense that it had nothing more to offer .
These eras were not monolithic : Dwight Eisenhower provided an eight - year Republican interlude in the heyday of the Democrats , while Democrats Jimmy Carter and Bill Clinton occupied the White House when the underlying tide was running in a conservative direction .
Neither , however , reversed that tide .
Carter was a one - term president elected mainly in reaction to Watergate , while Clinton was a master of compromise , or " triangulation " as it would be known , who did not shake the pillars of Reaganism .
Indeed , a fair portion of the deregulation that brought about the 2008 meltdown took place on his watch .
But it is Republicans who are now paying the price .
Ever fewer people identify with the party .
A recent Gallup poll found that only 28 per cent of Americans considered themselves Republicans , compared with 36 per cent who described themselves as Democrats – the widest such gap in a quarter of a century .
The independents who constitute the other third of the electorate lean in the Democrats ' direction .
America 's political geography has been transformed .
Democrats today control not only the White House , but both chambers on Capitol Hill .
In the Senate , Democrats have achieved a theoretically filibuster - proof majority of 60 for the first time in 30 years ( Republican senators , in other words , will find it far harder to derail a bill with endless speeches from the floor ) .
The country 's electoral map has been similarly transformed .
Democratic states have expanded from both coasts into the Midwest , and into the South .
In the 2008 Presidential election , the states carried by John McCain were essentially a giant L , its base stretching across the deep South into Texas before turning north across the plains and Rocky Mountains to the Canadian border .
Ideologically , too , the Republican coalition has splintered .
The party still does well in the sprawling suburbs .
It remains the party of big business , identified with limited government and strong national security .
But the so - called " Reagan Democrats " , appalled by the anything - goes liberalism of the 1960s and 1970s , are now returning to their old fold .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
The attention lavished on social conservatives and social issues was increasingly at odds with the national mood .
The endless " culture wars " over abortion , guns and gays mask the fact that Americans are pragmatists , not ideologues .
Yes , the US is more conservative than Britain .
But the Republicans moved too far to the right , and in the process lost touch with the real America , a country that is multi-ethnic , increasingly university - educated , and much more exercised by the everyday problems of jobs , healthcare and education than by the issue of whether gays should be allowed to marry .
Democrats used to walk in dread of Karl Rove , George W Bush 's top political strategist , who was boasting as recently as 2004 of a permanent Republican majority – even though Bush 's narrow victory that year was above all a triumph of organisation .
Five years on , the prospect is of a permanent Republican minority .
It is easy to mock that Saturday morning at Pie-tanza .
The " listening " part was real enough , as a mostly Republican crowd vented its frustrations .
But the answers from the three participants – the former Massachusetts governor Mitt Romney , the fast - rising Virginia congressman Eric Cantor , and Jeb Bush , younger brother of George W – were notably short on specifics , consisting mostly of slogans and platitudes you hear at a campaign debate .
And that was probably no coincidence .
At least two of the three will surely figure in the contest for the Republican nomination in 2012 .
Romney , a sleek businessman who projects managerial competence , is already running in all but name , undeterred by his defeat by John McCain last year .
Sharp - elbowed and clever , Cantor is only 46 but already the second ranking Republican in the House of Representatives .
The Pie-tanza meeting was his idea .
As for Jeb Bush , he was a highly successful governor of Florida .
Affable and undogmatic , he remains very popular within the party .
His problem , of course , is national Bush - fatigue .
With any other surname , he might well already be the Republican frontrunner .
But if the road to redemption begins with the admission of sin , the trio at least made a start .
As Bush put it , " The Democrats have something .
I do n't like it , but they have it . "
It was time , he said , for Republicans to stop trying to turn the clock back to the vanished golden age of Reagan , and to look to the future .
Alas , there are two conflicting visions of that future .
As they survey the electoral rubble around them , the party faces an excruciating and critical choice .
Does it become more moderate ?
Or does it move even further right – reasoning that the Republicans ' mistake last year was not that they were too conservative , but that they were not conservative enough ?
No political species is more detested by conservative true believers than RINOs – " Republicans In Name Only " – whose lack of conviction is held to have played into Democrats ' hands .
In fact , and for the reasons outlined above , Republicans have no choice but to move towards the centre , if they aspire to be a party of government rather than a minority cult .
In a democracy – be it the US , Britain , France or anywhere else – elections are won and lost on the middle ground , populated by independents and other swing voters .
Republican policies must appeal to these people , not just the loyal base .
As Jeb Bush , whom no one would consider a RINO , said , " You can't beat something with nothing , and the other side has something . "
But if the answer is obvious , the process of reaching it will be long , painful and divisive .
One reason is institutional .
Unlike Britain with its parliamentary system , America only has a true leader of the opposition for a few months in a presidential election year , between the emergence of a nominee and the election itself .
John McCain forfeited that role when he lost to Obama .
The most senior members of the Republican hierarchy are Mitch McConnell and John Boehner , minority leaders of the Senate and House of Representatives respectively .
But both are legislative tacticians , not electoral grand strategists .
The party has no shortage of attractive figures : among them Bobby Jindal , the young governor of Louisiana and the first Indian - American to occupy a state house , and Jindal 's peer in Minnesota , Tim Pawlenty .
There 's Newt Gingrich , architect of the sweeping Republican victory in the 1994 Congressional election , and never short of ideas , then there 's Cantor .
And , of course , there 's Sarah Palin .
If social conservatives alone selected the nominee , Palin would win by acclamation .
The star power she first displayed with her barnstorming speech as McCain 's running mate to the 2008 convention is as strong today .
The fevered speculation over her future , following her surprise resignation as Alaska 's governor this month , merely confirmed that whatever else , she 's news .
Whether Palin definitely plans to run in 2012 , fancies making big money on the book and lecture circuit , or simply yearns for the quiet life , probably she herself does not know .
But one thing may be stated with confidence : the Palin future , barring a quite inconceivable political makeover , does not include the Republican nomination for President , let alone the White House .
Republicans may have lost their bearings , but not entirely their senses .
Polarising , and with scant appeal beyond the right , Palin offers Republicans merely a one - way ticket to irrelevance .
Whatever she does will , moreover , not alter the fact that the party has no official leader , no David Cameron to take charge of the remaking of the party .
Into this vacuum , others have stepped .
For a while earlier this year , the loudest Republican voice in the land belonged to Rush Limbaugh , the sneering and bombastic talk - radio host .
Then it was the turn of Dick Cheney , taciturn and secretive in his days as vice - president , but who for a few weeks this spring seemed to be on every cable channel in his new persona of battle - hardened elder statesman , excoriating Obama as a feckless novice whose squeamishness on torture and tolerance of rogue states were an invitation to terrorists to do their worst .
But Cheney is even more unpopular than his old boss ( who , by the way , has moved into a new house in a smart neighbourhood of Dallas , where he 's keeping a low profile and writing his memoirs ) .
He is the Republican past , not the Republican future .
In the absence of agreement on what that future can be , the party of opposition is doing what comes naturally – opposing Obama and everything he says and does .
Alas , this makeshift policy merely underscores the Republican dilemma .
The refusal to compromise with Obama , the branding of the president as a dewy - eyed liberal , naturally delights the conservative - dominated base .
But the polls – for the moment at least – suggest these spoiling tactics are exactly what voters feel is not needed when the country should be closing ranks to tackle the huge problems it faces .
Every party , it is said , needs a spell in opposition , to find new energy and ideas .
Barring an Obama mess - up of epic proportions in the next couple of years , or another 9/11 or equivalent foreign cataclysm , Republicans cannot realistically look to recapture the White House until 2016 at the earliest .
Already , though , the outlines of a new Republicanism are discernible .
The most promising , and obvious , area is the economy .
Americans are still enchanted with Obama the man , but less so with his economic policies .
They dislike the bail - outs of the car industry and are deeply worried by colossal budget deficits stretching to 2020 and beyond .
After the reckless tax - cutting and heavy spending and tax - cutting of the Bush era , Republicans have a golden opportunity to regain the mantle of fiscal rectitude and competent financial management .
On social issues , the party must become more inclusive .
Many of its strategists already recognise that being a Republican and supporting one or all of gun control , gay civil unions , stem - cell research and a woman 's right to choose are not mutually exclusive .
Social conservatives will disapprove .
There will be furious argument .
Yet those same conservatives – and Christian conservatives in particular – are as alarmed as any liberal by global warming , climate change and the degradation of the environment .
A less dogmatic Republican Party , more open to minorities and sensitive to their problems , will also be a greener Republican party .
Of course the party will not shed its trademark toughness on national security and defence .
It will instinctively prefer the private to the public sector .
It will be the party of individual rights and individual responsibilities .
It will be healthily sceptical of state intervention , but will abandon the Reagan mantra that government , far from being the solution to America 's problems , was the problem .
In short , it will return to being what it used to be : a " big tent " party , competing with Democrats across the board .
To do this , of course , they will have to make some Democratic policies their own .
But what is so wrong or unusual about that ?
After all Bill Clinton , the " new Democrat " , stole Reaganite policies , most notably on welfare reform , to the dismay of his party 's left .
Tony Blair embraced elements of Thatcherism as he turned Labour into an electable party again .
And now David Cameron is filching some of Labour 's clothes as he hauls the Tories into the 21st century .
In the meantime , Republicans must be philosophical .
Every political party outstays its welcome .
Americans will tire of Obama-ism and the Democrats as they tired of liberalism after the 1960s , and have tired of Reaganism now .
" This wo n't last for ever , " Jeb Bush put it that day in Arlington .
" I 've seen conservatives move up and conservatives move down , liberals move up and liberals move down . "
Obama 's astounding rise was " a tribute to our country " from which Republicans should take heart , he added .
" That will happen to us , too . "
With friends like these ...
Rush Limbaugh
The radio talk - show host and de facto voice of grass - roots social conservatism has been a highly vocal critic of President Obama 's attempts to reignite the US economy .
In January , he said Obama " is talking about the absorption of as much of the private sector by the government as possible , from the banking business , to the mortgage industry , the automobile business , to healthcare .
I do not want the government in charge of all of these things ... I hope he fails . "
Republican National Committee chairman Michael Steele said Limbaugh 's rhetoric was " incendiary " and " ugly " ( though he later apologised to Limbaugh for his remarks ) .
Dick Cheney
In May , after President Obama reiterated his intention to close down the Guantanamo Bay detention centre , former vice - president Cheney tore into his speech , accusing Obama of compromising CIA interrogation techniques and claiming he was jeopardising American security .
The outburst was widely criticised , not least by senior Republicans including former presidential nominee John McCain .
" When you have a majority of Americans saying we should n't torture , I 'm not sure it helps for the [ former ] vice - president to go out and continue to espouse that position , " said McCain .
Pat Buchanan
A fortnight ago , the 70 - year - old former senior adviser to President Reagan was invited on a current - affairs programme to explain his antipathy toward Obama 's nomination for the Supreme Court , the Hispanic Sonia Sotomayor .
Buchanan had criticised her nomination as an example of " affirmative action " .
He was asked to explain why 108 of the 110 Supreme Court justices have been white .
" White men were 100 per cent of the people who wrote the constitution , 100 per cent of the people who signed the Declaration of Independence , probably close to 100 per cent of the people who died at Normandy , " he said .
" This has been a country basically built by white folks . "
Audra Shay
Earlier this month , Shay , 38 , the chairman of the Young Republican Party , responded to a Facebook posting in which an acquaintance , Eric Piker , referred to the need to " take this country back from all of these mad coons " with the comment , " You tell em Eric ! Lol . "
Shay defended herself by claiming she was responding to an earlier posting on the page , and stated that she did not " condone racial slurs " .
Sophie Vogel
Sometimes , The Better You Program , The Worse You Communicate .
June 05 , 2009
A couple of weeks ago I put out a twitter post I 've been meaning to come back and explain :
" the habits of a good programmer are not simply orthogonal to good communication -- frequently they 're in direct opposition . "
http://twitter.com/secretGeek/status/1870937085
This is a pretty startling and upsetting result : I 'd like to think that the heart of good programming is crisp and direct communication .
That all of my efforts to be better at programming will , somehow , make me a better all - round person .
If only it were true .
Here 's a bunch of ways that good programming practices are directly opposed to good communication practices .
In bullet form :
D.R.Y .
Does Not Apply .
Humans do n't mean what they say .
Compilers do n't need to see an example .
Programs love definitions ;
Humans get flummoxed .
And in detail :
1. D.R.Y .
Does Not Apply
The golden rule of programming is D.R.Y. -- do n't repeat yourself .
This is the heart of effective programming .
But this is the opposite of effective communication .
Let me say that again :
The golden rule of programming , DRY , is the opposite of effective communication . ;-)
Say everything once and only once -- go ahead -- then be amazed as everyone misses your point !
Humans are not machines .
Memories made of this gooey , spongy stuff called a brain are nothing like memories made of silicon .
With Humans , nothing sinks in the first time .
And furthermore , you may be surprised to hear that NOTHING sinks in the first time .
" Human , All Too Human "
Nietzsche preferred the
company of a good compiler
over that of a human .
" Compilers never make fun
of one 's moustache , "
-- Ibid. , pg 293 .
2 . Humans do n't mean what they say .
Compilers are of course perfectly literal .
They do n't care at all what you mean , they are always hung up on precisely what you say .
Even if you did n't start off life as an anal - retentive git , you 'll slowly gain the requisite faculties over years of trying to please a compiler .
The art of trying to please a compiler consists of the ability to logically , dispassionately , analyse what you 've said , to discover and remove any mistake or ambiguity -- to always produce an output that is perfectly comprehensible to the strictest of master .
Try being like that around real people .
Just try it .
People are barely literal at all .
If you take them literally when their meaning differs from their words -- they will get quite irate with you .
They wo n't see that the mistake is theirs .
When the words they use differ from their intent , you may feel an overwhelming desire to ' correct ' their mistake .
You may even think you are doing them a favour .
This is a natural feeling , amongst programmers , who would be happily spared the torture of spending time trying to remove all ambiguity from the words they provide to a parser .
But please ( please ) hold back .
You might score a small point in the ' intelligence ' column for pointing out their ' mistake ' .
But you 'll also score about a bajillion points in the ' what a freaking dork ' column .
3. Programs do n't need to see an example .
Explain a function to a compiler , and it will be able to calculate the answer .
Explain a function to a human ... and then give them an example , and draw them a picture , and give two counter examples , and draw another picture , plus provide an interpretive dance on the topic of functions -- and maybe , just maybe , if you 've danced very nicely , they will begin to see " what you 're trying to say . "
" What I 'm trying to say ? " I 'm saying it damn clear !
I 'm saying it directly , concisely and with perfectly constructed phrases !
I 'm not trying to say anything !
I 'm succeeding , you 're just not listening , you freaking imbecile !
And do n't take that tone with me .
With humans I mean .
There 's no point yelling .
Their rational mind shuts down , their sympathetic nervous system takes over .
They get ready to fight or flee .
Your point is lost when you get them angry .
Computers do n't mind if you type angry .
Humans think the anger is more important than the words themselves .
When you have the customer in a headlock , knocking their face against the ground with every syllable : the syllables themselves are no longer of tremendous consequence .
True : that bit about beating up the customer may not be a typical trait amongst great programmers .
Perhaps I included it just for entertainment purposes .
Continuing ...
4. Programs love definitions ;
Humans get flummoxed .
In programming we define new terms all day long .
We define class names or function names or variable names .
We immediately attach a specific definition to them -- and then we use that definition throughout our code .
I imagine that some part of the brain is associated with the ability to define a new term and then hold onto its definition .
That part of the brain would be monstrous in programmers .
Very over - developed .
Gigantic -- a tiger amongst kittens .
But define a new term in front of an audience of non-programmers : watch as the eyes glaze over .
Heads slump forward .
They start planning their weekend .
Let 's call this our Neologismic Synaptic Aptitude , or NSA .
Actually : let 's not call it our NSA , because if we do , then programmers will start bandying the terminology around like it 's something we 've known about all their life .
And the normal people will just look at us with that ' freak ' expression , and we 'll be even further from ever making it into the boardroom .
I think this aptitude for new terms is what makes TLA 's so abundant in the IT world .
I do hope you realise it scares everyone else .
So please , I implore you ...
Stop defining new terms .
Stop expecting non-programmers to understand the specific and concrete definitions you attach to funny little abbreviations .
Stop striving for brevity and conciseness .
Stop correcting other people .
Stop expecting people to understand you first time around .
Start giving examples -- real examples , earthy examples .
Let people be people -- let them be vague and a little incorrect -- listen more for the gist of what they 're saying than the exact terminology .
Be a compassionate speaker , a compassionate listener .
Embrace the ' all too human ' aspects of the strange bipeds you interact with .
Then drop me an email and please , for the love of god , tell me how you managed it .
My book " Choose Your First Product " is available now .
It gives you 4 easy steps to find and validate a humble product idea .
Learn more .
From the earliest video game such as Pong in 1972 to the recently released Halo Wars released this year , the video game industry has progressed rapidly in terms of graphics , interactivity and the likes .
Today , computer video games are no longer limited to the young and tech savvy generation .
People of all ages are coming to appreciate the entertainment value and appeal of a variety of video games ranging from platform to action adventure games .
Check out some of these great games in wallpapers .
Fightings
Fighting games have been around early in the video gaming history .
Some of the earliest fighting games include Street Fighter and King of Fighters .
More likely than not , the mass appeal for fighting games stems from adrenaline rush a game player gets when he or she unleash a devastating finishing blow !
Action Adventure
Combining intense action with intriguing adventure , action adventure games attracts gamers who seek not only the excitement but also a great storyline for the game .
Today , most games from all genres have adopted the approach to include in a great story - telling element to make games more interesting than ever .
Role - Playing Games ( RPG )
This is the kind of games where the characters are essentially what makes or breaks the gameplay .
Action makes up part of the game , but what motivates a gamer to continue on with the usually long gameplay of an RPG is a good storyline revolving around a group of intriguing characters .
A famous example ?
The Final Fantasy series .
First - Person Shooter
Gamers get to walk around in the game world with a view as if he or she is looking through the eye of the character .
The earliest first - person shooters are Quake , Wolfenstein and Doom .
Today , the Halo series is the most popular one .
Multi-player Online
Multi-player online games is a more recent type of games that came about with the growing technology of the internet .
World of Warcraft is one such games that most people would have heard of in the recent years .
The critical success of multiplayer online games lies on the fact that the characters that one is interacting with online is real instead of artificial intelligence ( AI ) .
Platforms
Who have not heard of Sonic the Hedgehog , Super Marios , Megaman and the likes ?
These are the earliest kind of games available in the video game industry before the 3D video games generation .
Although the gameplay is simple , these games are so addictive that you could spend hours and hours trying to beat your last score !
Racing
For those of you old enough , did you remember how you try to move from side to side avoid all sorts of obstacles with a 2D - shaped car of some sort as you cruise along a 2D track ?
Well , that was two decades ago .
Racing games of today have amazing 3D graphics ( not to mention highly in - depth audio quaity ) that not only allows gamers to race per se , but also enable them to uniquely customize their vehicles as well .
Real - time Strategy
This is a particular type of strategy games that allows the players to see an overhead view of a warzone so as to control the battle units .
One of the most popular game of this particular genre is the Command & Conquer series , which was released in 1995 .
Other well - known ones include Starcraft , Warcraft and the Dune series .
Simulation
Simulation games are games that try to mimic the real - life scenario as far as possible .
Microsoft Flight Simulator series was a highly sophiscated and realistic simulation video game that even the a typical gamer may get frustrated playing them .
Fortunately , most simulation games are less than realistic today , in order to fulfil their purpose as an entertaining game .
Brawlers
Gamers get to control a main character in the game and essentially destroy or beat up everything in his or her way .
Simple enough ?
Music Video Games
Music video games are increasingly popular these days , and has even contribute a major role to the evolution of gameplay .
New game controllers such as the guitar for the Guitar Hero series was developed to enhance the interactivity of gaming .
The Rock Band series even came up with a full set of electronic drums , bass guitar , microphone and electronic guitar to compete against Guitar Hero .
All Stars
Last but not least , as a treat from us , the wallpapers below consist of different game characters across games in a single wallpaper .
It ’s always fun to see what happen when they cross games and maybe fight each other !
— A University of North Carolina - Chapel
Hill student was shot and killed by a police officer during a confrontation after a traffic stop on Interstate 85 in Randolph County early Sunday , authorities said Monday .
The State Bureau of Investigation said Officer Jeremy Paul Flinchum of the Archdale Police Department shot Courtland Benjamin Smith , 21 , of Houston , Texas .
A wreath hung on the door of the Delta Kappa Epsilon fraternity on the Chapel Hill campus , where an unidentified alumnus said Smith , a junior biology major , was the chapter president .
He said the fraternity brothers were stunned by the shooting and did n't want to comment .
Smith 's family also did n't want to talk about the shooting Monday , said Rick Rivers , spokesman for Smith 's high school , Strake Jesuit College Preparatory in Houston .
Archdale police said in a statement that a man in his early 20s called 911 from a car on I - 85 , between Trinity and Archdale , shortly before 5 a .m.
Sunday to say he was suicidal .
When officers stopped his car near the Hopewell Church Road exit , police said , the man became confrontational , and an altercation ensued in which an officer shot the man .
Smith was transported to High Point Regional Hospital , where he was pronounced dead .
Police Chief Darrell Gibbs said Monday that the vehicle did n't immediately stop when Flinchum tried to pull it over , but there was no chase involved .
A second officer arrived at the scene before the shooting , he said .
Gibbs said he did n't know if Smith was armed because officers did n't search the car before turning the case over to the SBI .
The SBI normally investigates officer - involved shootings .
Flinchum , who has been with the Archdale police since April 2008 and previously was a Randolph County deputy , has been put on paid administrative leave pending the outcome of the investigation .
Dennis Gerber , national director of chapter operations for Delta Kappa Epsilon , said he spoke with Smith Saturday afternoon to plan a visit to the UNC chapter .
Smith sounded excited about the upcoming year and recruitment efforts , he said .
“ We are extremely upset about the situation , and we are there to support the undergraduates and help them in any way possible , ” Gerber said .
UNC Chancellor Holden
Thorp said in a statement that the university community was " deeply saddened " by Smith 's death .
" There is nothing worse than losing a young person .
Our thoughts and prayers are with his family and friends as they grieve and cope with such a great loss , " Thorp said .
Classes are scheduled to start Tuesday at UNC , and the university planned to have counselors available for students .
" It 's just one of the those things where you have to take a step back and understand that this is one of our colleagues .
We definitely are grieving for him , you know , and for his family too , " student body president Jasmin Jones said .
" It makes you look at one another and say , ' I need to give you a hug today . ' "
This is Lord Drayson .
He 's the minister for science and innovation for the United Kingdom .
He 's also a complete and utter car nut who races in the American Le Mans Series .
Cooler still , he 's got a huge inclination for all things green .
Drayson Racing recently bought a Lola B09/60 that will make its racing debut in the top - tier LMP1 class at the Petit Le Mans race at Road Atlanta next month .
He plans to use the car as a test bed for greener automotive technologies – a niche the American Le Mans Series has carved out for itself with its embrace of alt fuels and hybrid drivetrains .
We caught up with Drayson – who holds a doctorate in robotics , drives an Aston Martin Vanquish and also owns a Lotus Elan – to get his thoughts on racing , technology and how the two can make the world a cleaner , greener place to live .
Wired.com : How can auto racing be environmentally responsible ?
It seems the very idea of auto racing – cars circling a track at high speed , burning large amounts of fossil fuels — is the antithesis of environmental responsibility .
Lord Drayson : Life is about pushing the boundaries and challenging ourselves .
The human race by its very nature is competitive which is why many of us love to race and many more love to watch racing ; not just cars , but everything .
So it ’s no use telling people they can't race cars because of the environment .
Making people feel guilty is not going to work in converting them to be environmentally responsible .
Much better for racing to be used as a positive force to drive innovation and to change people 's perceptions ; to make " going green " cool and exciting , not dull and boring .
If the fastest race cars in the world can be used as a technological proving ground for new fuels , new energy efficiency and low emissions technologies , to speed the development of better battery technology for electric vehicles , to accelerate the introduction of regenerative braking systems and other kinetic energy recovery systems , then the world will be better for it – and we 're still having fun doing what we love .
Wired.com :
What specific initiatives would you like to see auto racing adopt , and how is the Ministry of Science and Innovation pushing those innovations ?
Drayson : I have been very impressed by what the American Le Mans Series is already doing in collaboration with the Department of Energy and Environmental Protection Agency .
The Green Challenge [ An environmentally slanted set of racings rules within the ALMS ] is just the model to drive innovation while maintaining exciting racing .
I would like to see their formula adopted worldwide because long - distance endurance sports car racing is the ideal type of motorsport to lead the way in green racing .
I also liked the all electric superbike racing at the Isle of Man TT this year [ The TTxGP ] .
Scary fast – and the bikes sound like jets .
Totally cool .
I would like to see Formula 1 encourage more fuel efficiency in the regs , and I think it is a pity that KERS [ kinetic energy recovery systems ] is being dropped for next year .
Particularly when the KERS cars , like Lewis Hamilton 's McLaren , are starting to win races .
My ministry is working with the motorsport industry and the car industry to support these innovations through grants and research projects managed through the Technology Strategy Board within my department .
I am also setting up a new " Office for Low Emission Vehicles " which aims to co-ordinate the UK government 's support for green automotive technology .
Wired.com :
What do you think of KERS in F1 and the alt - fuel / hybrid push we ’re seeing in Le Mans and ALMS ?
Drayson : KERS is going to be big in the future , both for racing and road cars .
We just ca n’t afford to throw away all that precious kinetic energy every time we brake .
Both electrical and mechanical KERS systems have pluses and minuses .
It ’s not clear which will be the winner , which is why fast - track development through racing is key .
Remember , the antilock braking system is one of many , many innovations that came out of racing .
Second - and third - generation biofuels are going to be important , i.e. the ones made from waste biomass or algae .
We must not squander precious food resources in making first - generation fuels .
Le Mans and ALMS are the natural place to develop and showcase these technologies because the races are so long and endurance and efficiency are key to winning .
The multi-class racing is pretty awesome too – loads of overtaking and spectacle . "
The Drayson Racing Aston Martin at the 2009 Le Mans race .
Photo : Flickr / Dave Hamster
Wired.com :
Is this an “ evolve or die ” situation ?
is there a concern that racing must become more environmentally responsible if it is to avoid being legislated out of existence ? "
Drayson :
Yes , racing must evolve to stay relevant .
But it ’s first and foremost about racing .
It ’s about winning .
The innovations must not stifle the sport or the spectacle .
The evolution is about achieving maximum performance and maximum efficiency with minimum emissions .
It ’s a technology challenge plain and simple , and in the past motorsport has always risen to technology challenges .
Look at the drive to improve driver safety after the death of Ayrton Senna .
We need a similar push on green tech now . "
Wired.com : Just how does a cabinet minister end up a racing driver ?
Drayson :
He grows up within earshot of Britain 's best grand prix circuit in the 1960s : Brands Hatch in Kent .
He watches Steve McQueen in the movie Le Mans when aged 11 and never forgets it .
He becomes a car nut as a teenager , gets sponsored through university by a car manufacturer , after his PhD becomes a science entrepreneur and makes enough money to go racing .
In 2007 , he comes in second in the British Sportscar Championship on the way achieving the first - ever win for a bio - fueled race car and persuades the prime minister to let him take a leave of absence to focus on racing full time in the United States with the aim of qualifying to race in the world famous Le Mans 24 Hours .
He meets Dale White , two - time Le Mans winning team manager .
He qualifies , forms his own race team with Dale and achieves his lifetime ambition to race at Le Mans in 2009 .
The first time a serving government minister has ever raced at Le Mans .
He also had an Irish grandmother who gave him great good fortune in his life and a wonderful wife who manages the race team brilliantly and shares his passion for racing .
Now he 's focused on making the step up to the big league in the Le Mans Prototype Class LMP1 for the Petit Le Mans Race at Road Atlanta next month . ”
Ah. Sounds easy ...
* Portrait of Lord Drayson : * Regis Lefebure .
An animation produced by Mogi Vicentini shows how the world 's oldest computer helped the Ancient Greeks simulate planetary motions and predict lunar eclipsesClick on the first symbol on the bottom right of the player to enlarge the video
A game bundle that included BioShock and Elder Scrolls IV : Oblivion bundle was recently announced .
And though the bundle was revealed to be releasing on Xbox 360 and PC , strangely enough there was no PS3 version in sight .
Now Bethesda has the answer why .
“ We did not co-publish Oblivion with 2 K for PS3 , only for PC and 360 .
So our bundle with them would only include those platforms . ”
Unfortunately for PS3 owners who wish for both of these games , they ’ll have to pay a bit more than the reasonably priced bundle .
Though forunately , both games are n’t that expensive in the first place , especially if you buy used copies .
[ Source ]
ANALYSIS / OPINION :
The traditional threshold for a country to join the nuclear - weapons club is straightforward .
Any state that tests a nuclear weapon gets in .
However , on Sunday , Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton proposed more exclusive membership requirements .
Asked by NBC ’s David Gregory if the effort to keep North Korea from going nuclear had failed , Mrs. Clinton answered , “ No , I do n’t think so , because their program is still at the beginning stages . ”
In other words , two nuclear tests and a stockpile of seven or eight nuclear weapons are no longer enough to join the club .
Tough luck Pyongyang , you ’ve been blackballed .
This would simply be an exercise in semantics if it were n’t for the probability that Iran will soon test its own nuclear weapon .
This administration , like its predecessor , has said that an Iranian nuclear - weapons capability would be unacceptable .
But if Iran conducts a nuclear test sometime in the coming months , that apparently will not indicate the failure of diplomacy any more than the North Korean tests have .
Faced with defeat , the State Department will define it away .
The Obama administration ’s willingness to accept the inevitability of a nuclear Iran could not be clearer .
Mrs. Clinton said that if Iran is “ pursuing nuclear weapons for the purpose of intimidating , of projecting your power , we ’re not going to let that happen . ”
Yes , the United States will do “ everything [ it ] can to prevent [ Iran ] from ever getting a nuclear weapon , ” she said .
But failing that ?
The secretary of state said that even a nuclear - armed Iran would be thwarted .
Its pursuit of regional hegemony is “ futile , ” she argued , because the “ security umbrella ” the United States would extend over the region would negate the advantages Iran seeks from atomic weaponry .
Iran “ wo n’t be any stronger or safer because they wo n’t be able to intimidate or dominate as they apparently believe they can , once they have a nuclear weapon , ” she said last week .
Tehran seems perfectly content with the futility of its pursuit .
Iran has made substantial progress on uranium enrichment necessary for constructing a nuclear weapon , and most estimates agree that it will be able to construct and test a weapon within the year .
Meanwhile , countries such as Israel that cannot protect their territory and people with semantic shields are preparing to take action .
Israel ’s apparent state of readiness to exercise the military option against Iran — and America ’s clear lack of readiness — underscores the credibility gap in the U.S. position that all options are on the table .
Israel is communicating a credible threat of force to Tehran , a necessary element in coercive diplomacy that the U.S. posture explicitly lacks .
The American “ umbrella strategy ” is purely defensive and thus more likely to encourage Iran ’s leaders than dissuade them .
The Obama administration states firmly that an Iranian nuclear weapon would be unacceptable but at the same time indicates it will accept that .
Nuclear Iran is not faced with massive retaliation but passive accommodation .
That ’s not much of a deterrent .
Sign up for Daily Opinion Newsletter Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
by Patrick Appel
A reader writes :
And this is without anything catastrophic happening .
I can't afford to take the medications that would really prevent my asthma from being a problem -- the daily inhaled medication that helps me most , Advair , would cost me nearly $ 300 out of pocket per month .
So , instead of being able to spend that , I end up getting really sick a couple times a year and , if I can get the doctor to bill it as bronchitis , I can afford a nebulizer treatment every now and again .
By Jorge Casuso
August 28 , 2009 --
Does hiring half a dozen homeless people to help clean up Santa Monica 's Downtown fall under the homeless program or maintenance ?
The Bayside District Board decided Thursday that hiring the homeless maintenance crew helped to get them off the very streets they cleaned and voted to award a $ 80,000 contract to Chrysalis , a Santa Monica - based job training and placement agency for homeless individuals .
But not before the board engaged in a heated debate and the board chair voted against a motion he made himself .
" This to me looks like a well - intentioned but misguided effort to grab a pot of money and use it for much needed maintenance , " said Board member Todd Flora .
" This seems like a convenient pot of money . "
" I do n't think saying we have a pot of money let 's help out someone ( Chrysalis ) we like " is a good reason to back the program , said Board member Patricia Hoffman .
" Chrysalis is a good organization , but so is OPCC and St. Joseph's , " she added , referring to two local homeless agencies .
But the majority of the board argued that the proposal was a win-win -- homeless individuals would get steady work and the Bayside would get some much - needed maintenance .
" This is not a maintenance program that takes advantage of homeless people , " said Vice Chair John Warfel .
" It 's the opposite .
( Chrysalis ) came to us .
They have these programs in other cities .
This is a make work project . "
" My conscience would be very clear if we help 12 people and can see that we changed people 's lives , " said Board member Allan Golad .
Golad argued that the homeless workers would not only help clean up the streets , they would serve as an example for other homeless individuals they might be able to help .
" They do have a positive influence , " Golad said . "
They interact . "
In an unusual twist , Board Chair Bill Tucker made a motion to explore whether there were funds available in the district 's $ 1.2 million annual maintenance budget , then voted against his own motion to support the Chrysalis proposal .
A new property - based assessment district approved by Downtown property owners last year bankrolls a new $ 3.6 million budget that includes $ 1.3 million in enhanced maintenance .
The budget also sets aside $ 80,000 to help tackle Bayside 's entrenched homeless problem .
The RISKS Digest
Forum on Risks to the Public in Computers and Related Systems
ACM Committee on Computers and Public Policy , Peter G. Neumann , moderator
Search RISKS
The RISKS Forum is a moderated digest .
Its USENET equivalent is comp.risks .
( Google archive )
Feeds
Please report any website or feed problems you find .
Report issues with the digest content to the moderator .
Got to a specific issue of RISKS Volume No Issue No
Top
Joe and I will have more on this tomorrow and through the week .
But the rumor we heard last week is apparently true .
We found out today that the White House has decided to throw a big gay party at the end of the month .
It ’s clear that the purpose is two - fold .
First , the White House is trying , again , to surround the president with A - list gays in order to show how “ gay friendly ” he is – he ’s even willing to give a speech in a room full of them for a full 8 minutes !
And second , the White House hopes that a little champagne and fancy food will convince the A - listers to throw the rest of you overboard .
Because , after all , what ’s two gay service members discharged a day and an ongoing effort to legally label you as akin to pedophila and incest , when there ’s champagne to be served .
I think it ’s fair to say that , unless the White House shows significant action on Do n’t Ask Do n’t Tell and DOMA by the time of this party , any representative of a gay organization attending this event is going to met with a swift community - wide boycott of their organization .
HRC managed to get away with attending this week ’s faux - benefits signing , which was , i believe , a bit mistake .
The organization ’s president , Joe Solmonese , was on the Michelangelo Signorile Show earlier this week , and Joe said to Mike , I ’m told , something to the effect of “ When the president calls , you come . ”
No you do n’t .
You do n’t permit yourself to be used by a politician against your own community unless and until you extract something huge in return for your community .
And there ’s been no action on DADT or DOMA or any others of the president ’s campaign promises since HRC accepted the invite .
The president desperately needs our leaders to give him cover .
Then get something in return , something huge , something we ’ve been demanding as one of our top priorities .
And that does not mean changing our married name on our passports .
I do n’t think the community is going to be as kind in the future if any group , or individual , chooses to party at the White House with the people who continue to stab us in the back .
And lest anyone think they ’re going to the White House for a “ teaching moment ” to educate the president on how upset we all are .
You go to the party , you mingle for an hour with 150 people .
The president comes in , you applaud .
He speaks for 8 minutes , he then shakes about 75 hands , each one for 1 second , and then leaves .
You will get 1 second to explain how upset you are .
Now sure , the big poobah leaders get a bit more time with the prez before he gives his speech .
But I have a hard time believing that any of our leaders are going to be in a small room with the president , in the White House , and that they ’re going to lecture him about what he ’s done wrong .
Please .
He who lectures gets no more champagne .
One final point .
It ’s getting more than a tad offensive that the White House keeps pulling these non-DOMA and non-DADT related bennies out of their hate to woo us back into the fold .
First we got benefits that were n’t really benefits ( and which already existed anyway ) , then we got the passport last name thing ( did n’t make a lot of news because , well , it was n’t exactly near the top of our agenda ) , then we got the census thing on Friday night , and now we ’re getting a party !
All of that is swell .
But none of it responds to the top two or three demands of our community ( ENDA , DADT and DOMA ) , and none of it addresses what caused the blow up last week , the DOMA brief and the White House ’s ongoing insistence that it is going to defend DOMA in court even though it does n’t have to .
The White House is n’t stupid .
They know that a lot of our leaders would rather die than turn down cocktails at the big House , regardless of how many gay service members ’ lives are destroyed , regardless of how many marriages are compared to incest .
But we ’re not stupid either .
And leaders who sell out for a cocktail do n’t remain leaders for long .
Much more to come .
Election observers in Afghanistan have described Thursday ’s presidential vote as generally fair but not free because of widespread fraud and voter intimidation in certain areas .
The EU has urged officials to treat claims with impartiality .
President Hamid Karzai says he is leading the count – a claim also made by his main challenger and former Foreign Minister Abdullah Abdullah who says he is heading for an outright majority to avoid a run-off in October .
Although the EU says it is too early to make a definitive judgement about the vote , the US President is pleased with how it passed off .
Barack Obama said : “ This was an important step forward in the Afghan people ’s effort to take control of their own future , even as violent extremists are trying to stand in their way . ”
The claims made by Karzai ’s camp and Abdullah are based on unofficial observations by thousands of campaign workers at the polling stations .
Preliminary official results are due on September 3 , with the final result set to be released two weeks later .
Much is likely to depend on turnout in Pashtun areas in the south where the president draws his strongest support but where voters faced the brunt of Taliban attacks and intimidation .
( CNN ) --
Seven people , at least five of them high - school students , were shot Tuesday at a bus stop in Detroit , Michigan , officials said .
Tuesday 's shooting occurred off school property , a Detroit Public Schools spokesman said .
Two of the victims were in critical condition ; the others were in serious condition at area hospitals , Police Chief Roderick Grimes said .
" Two perpetrators , possibly three , pulled up in a vehicle , exited their vehicle with weapons , asked for a person by name and then opened fire onto the crowd , " he said .
" They got back in their vehicle and exited the scene . "
Police Officer Leon Rahmaan described the vehicle as a green minivan and said the incident occurred about a mile from Cody High School at 2:30 p.m. , as summer - school classes were ending for the day .
The shooters -- both of them male -- covered their faces with either masks or T - shirts , he said .
The incident occurred off school property , said Robert Bobb of the Detroit Public Schools , who said summer school would continue Wednesday as scheduled .
" Tomorrow , we 'll have new leadership in place at the school , " he said .
" We want parents to bring their children , have their children continue to come to summer school here tomorrow . "
No one was immediately taken into custody , police spokesman Dan Donakowski said .
All About Detroit
Borrowing from Mother Nature , a team of MIT researchers has built a school of swimming robo - fish that slip through the water just as gracefully as the real thing , if not quite as fast .
Mechanical engineers Kamal Youcef - Toumi and Pablo Valdivia y Alvarado have designed the sleek robotic fish to more easily maneuver into areas where traditional underwater autonomous vehicles can't go .
Fleets of the new robots could be used to inspect submerged structures such as boats and oil and gas pipes ; patrol ports , lakes and rivers ; and help detect environmental pollutants .
" Given the ( robotic ) fish 's robustness , it would be ideal as a long - term sensing and exploration unit .
Several of these could be deployed , and even if only a small percentage make it back there would n't be a terrible capital loss due to their low cost , " says Valdivia y Alvarado , a recent MIT PhD recipient in mechanical engineering .
Robotic fish are not new :
In 1994 , MIT ocean engineers demonstrated Robotuna , a four - foot - long robotic fish .
But while Robotuna had 2,843 parts controlled by six motors , the new robotic fish , each less than a foot long , are powered by a single motor and are made of fewer than 10 individual components , including a flexible , compliant body that houses all components and protects them from the environment .
The motor , placed in the fish 's midsection , initiates a wave that travels along the fish 's flexible body , propelling it forward .
The robofish bodies are continuous ( i.e. , not divided into different segments ) , flexible and made from soft polymers .
This makes them more maneuverable and better able to mimic the swimming motion of real fish , which propel themselves by contracting muscles on either side of their bodies , generating a wave that travels from head to tail .
" Most swimming techniques can be copied by exploiting natural vibrations of soft structures , " says Valdivia y Alvarado .
As part of his doctoral thesis , Valdivia y Alvarado created a model to calculate the optimal material properties distributions along the robot's body to create a fish with the desired speed and swimming motion .
The model , which the researchers initially proposed in the journal Dynamic Systems Measurements and Control ( ASME ) , also takes into account the robot 's mass and volume .
A more detailed model is described in Valdivia y Alvarado 's thesis and will soon be published along with new applications by the group .
Other researchers , including a team at the University of Essex , have developed new generations of robotic fish using traditional assembly of rigid components to replicate the motions of fish , but the MIT team is the only one using controlled vibrations of flexible bodies to mimic biological locomotion .
" With these polymers , you can specify stiffness in different sections , rather than building a robot with discrete sections , " says Youcef - Toumi .
" This philosophy can be used for more than just fish " — for example , in robotic prosthetic limbs .
Mimicking fish
With motors in their bellies and power cords trailing as they swim , the robo - fish might not be mistaken for the real thing , but they do a pretty good fish impersonation .
The team 's first prototypes , about five inches long , mimic the carangiform swimming technique used by bass and trout .
Most of the movement takes place in the tail end of the body .
Fish that use this type of motion are generally fast swimmers , with moderate maneuverability .
Later versions of the robo - fish , about eight inches long , swim like tuna , which are adapted for even higher swimming speeds and long distances .
In tuna , motion is concentrated in the tail and the peduncle region ( where the tail attaches to the body ) , and the amplitude of body motions in this region is greater than in carangiform fish .
Real fish are exquisitely adapted to moving through their watery environment , and can swim as fast as 10 times their body length per second .
So far , the MIT researchers have gotten their prototypes close to one body length per second — much slower than their natural counterparts but faster than earlier generations of robotic fish .
The new robo - fish are also more durable than older models — with their seamless bodies , there is no chance of water leaking into the robots and damaging them .
Several four - year - old prototypes are still functioning after countless runs through the testing tank , which is filled with tap water .
Current prototypes require 2.5 to 5 watts of power , depending on the robot 's size .
That electricity now comes from an external source , but in the future the researchers hope to power the robots with a small internal battery .
Later this fall , the researchers plan to expand their research to more complex locomotion and test some new prototype robotic salamanders and manta rays .
" The fish were a proof of concept application , but we are hoping to apply this idea to other forms of locomotion , so the methodology will be useful for mobile robotics research — land , air and underwater — as well , " said Valdivia y Alvarado .
The work was funded by the Singapore - MIT Alliance and Schlumberger Ltd .
Watch Bernanke Go into Panic Mode Over Congressman Ron Paul's Bill to Audit the Federal Reserve System
July 31 , 2009
I have two videos for you : one from 2009 and one from 1933 .
If you want to see how bad economics has a steady market , watch them both .
Then download my free book , The Gold Wars : www.GaryNorth.com/GoldWars.pdf.
I have made this a public document .
Pass it along .
First , Ben Bernanke is in panic mode over Ron Paul 's bill to let Congress audit the FED .
Watch him stutter and stammer .
The video is a delight .
Never has the FED been under such scrutiny .
This is unique .
Why the panic ?
He says the bill is about Congress auditing FED policy .
It is n't .
It 's about letting the public see which crony mega - banks got how much money .
That is why he is in panic mode : the mega - bankers are in panic mode .
The big banks do not want Congress to see how much they are ripping off the public through the FED 's fiat money creation .
They are all bordering on bankruptcy .
Barney Frank has the bill bottled up in committee , even though 64 % of the House has co-sponsored it .
If the House 's members force it to a vote , it will go to the Senate .
I think the Senate will back off and vote it down .
If it does n't , then Obama will veto it .
This bill gets closer to exposing the power elite that runs this country than any other bill in history .
The Establishment will do whatever is necessary to keep this spotlight from focusing on the FED 's accounts .
I do n't think we will win this one this time .
But it 's nice to see the FED exposed in this way .
The free ride is over .
It will have to lie its way out of an audit from now on .
I hope the bill is introduced every term , or every year .
Every time it does not become law , another million people will think this : " What has the Federal Reserve got to hide ? "
Answer : " Plenty ! "
Second , for a list of Bernanke 's dead wrong public predictions , year after year , about the economy , click here .
Third , if you want to see a classic 1933 MGM " short " on inflation , and how it will make stocks rise and chase away the Great Depression , watch this .
It 's an early version of Bernanke 's money helicopter speech in 2002 .
" Inflation is our friend ! " ( My thanks to Dan Aykroyd 's 1980 SNL routine . )
Note : the " professor " is wearing a banker 's 3 - piece suit .
( I own a dozen just like it .
They never go out of style , since they went out of style no later than 1948 . )
Fourth , for a free copy of my book , The Gold Wars , click here :
Skip to comments .
If we could get millions of Americans to march on Washington , what would we do ?
Prior thread ^ | July 18 , 2009 | Jim Robinson
Posted on by Jim Robinson
Edited on by Jim Robinson .
[ history ]
* * R O U G H * * D R A F T * *
( continuing my remarks from prior thread )
Here is our recourse as declared by our Founding Fathers :
" We hold these truths to be self - evident , that all men are created equal , that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights , that among these are Life , Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness . 
That to secure these rights , Governments are instituted among Men , deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed ,  That whenever any Form of Government becomes destructive of these ends , it is the Right of the People to alter or to abolish it , and to institute new Government , laying its foundation on such principles and organizing its powers in such form , as to them shall seem most likely to effect their Safety and Happiness .
Prudence , indeed , will dictate that Governments long established should not be changed for light and transient causes ; and accordingly all experience hath shewn that mankind are more disposed to suffer , while evils are sufferable than to right themselves by abolishing the forms to which they are accustomed .
But when a long train of abuses and usurpations , pursuing invariably the same Object evinces a design to reduce them under absolute Despotism , it is their right , it is their duty , to throw off such Government , and to provide new Guards for their future security . "
It can not be denied that the central government has become destructive of our unalienable rights to Life , Liberty and the Pursuit of Happiness and our rights to live free .
The government is no longer responsive to we the People .
They have stretched and shredded the constitution to the point that they have illegally seized for themselves virtually unlimited powers over the citizens and act as if we have no rights and no powers of our own .
They are acting without our consent .
Our Founders established that when our government becomes destructive of our rights then it is the Right of the People to alter or to abolish it , and to institute new Government , laying its foundation on such principles and organizing its powers in such form , as to them shall seem most likely to effect their Safety and Happiness .
We have reached the point where the government 's long train of abuses and usurpations has achieved absolute Despotism , therefore it is our right , it is our duty , to throw off such Government , and to provide new Guards for our future security .
Therefore ,
We the People of America choose to exercise our right to throw off and alter the abusive government by peacefully recalling and removing from office the President of the United States , the Vice President of the United States and all U.S. Senators and U.S. Representatives effective immediately .
An interim provisional Chief Executive and congressional representatives will be established as follows :
The Secretary of State shall immediately assume the office of interim Chief Executive .
The Chief Executive shall appoint and the interim Senate shall confirm an interim Vice President .
An immediate election shall be held within each state legislature to appoint two interim senators to represent each sovereign state .
A special election shall be held by all states within 30 days to elect interim members of the House of Representatives .
Elections for regular government offices shall be conducted in November , 2010 as previously scheduled , except that elections will be held for all elective offices , including President , Vice President and all U.S. Representatives .
U.S. Senators will be elected per class schedule by the various state legislatures .
We alter the government to provide new Guards for our future security as follows :
The Constitution of the United States must be kept intact and must be adhered to and strictly followed by all government entities as originally intended .
The government has stretched the constitutional limits well beyond those intended by our founders .
We must take steps to ensure that this is corrected and that the out of control government is reined in and that sufficient measures are introduced to maintain the limits , checks and balances on government and that government powers are strictly limited to those enumerated in the constitution and that our rights are reestablished , reaffirmed , re-secured and safeguarded .
We must restore and reestablish the sovereignty of the people and the states and restore the constitutional balances between the central government , the various states and we the people .
The constitution severely restricts government powers and guarantees unalienable freedom and Liberty to the people .
As we restore constitutionally limited government several wrongs must be righted :
The central government has illegally expanded its powers .
They 've done this by ignoring or stretching their constitutional limits .
They have usurped powers limited to the states and the people .
We must reestablish and reaffirm the enumerated powers and limit the central government strictly to just those powers .
They 've built huge power bases by allowing senators and representatives to be full time professional career positions .
We eliminate this by establishing strict qualifications for office and term limits .
We must reestablish and reaffirm the powers to the states and the people as defined by the 9th and 10th amendments .
The central government has denied the states their constitutionally guaranteed republican form of government by introducing the 17th amendment which alters the way the senators which were to represent the sovereign interests of the various states to the central government .
We must reestablish that representation by repealing the 17th amendment and allowing the state legislatures of the various states to elect their own senators as intended by our founders .
This was never intended to be a function of the people .
We the People are represented to the central government by our elected representatives in the House of Representatives .
The sovereign states were to be represented by the state 's senators to keep central powers and encroachment in check .
Power is from the people to the states , and from the states to the central government .
They 've turned this upside down and inside out .
We must correct it .
We hereby repeal the 17th amendment .
The central government has expanded well beyond the limits established for it by the founders and pay for that expansion by directly taxing the people and severely restricting our rights through an enslaving income tax .
We hereby repeal the 16th amendment .
The IRS and all sub departments and agencies are hereby dissolved , disbanded and closed .
The newly elected congress will establish rules and schedules for assessing and collecting fees , tariffs and excise taxes to support the armed forces and all constitutionally authorized departments of The United States Government per the Constitution of the United States ( see schedule ) .
The central government is hereby stripped of all illegal powers and all departments and agencies not authorized by the constitution are hereby dissolved and disbanded .
Their current budgets are hereby withdrawn .
All disbanded department funds and liquid assets are to be immediately returned to the US Treasury .
A list and methods for achieving this is provided in schedule xxx .
Ownership and responsibility for all federally held buildings , lands , parks , waterways , oceans , seas , etc , other than those in Washington , D.C. or military bases , forts , reservations , or local federal buildings owned by valid constitutional federal departments ( see schedule ) are hereby transferred to the sovereign state governments within which they reside or are located .
Responsibility for all natural resources found within any of the various states or within lands , oceans , lakes , rivers , waterways , seas out through our international boundary limits are hereby returned to the various states .
All laws for mining , drilling , logging , or otherwise capitalizing on any minerals or natural resources are to be determined by the various states within which said resources are found .
The social security system is hereby dissolved , disbanded and closed .
All social security funds being held by the federal government are to be returned to the private retirement accounts of the individuals owning them .
A special fund will be establish for all current recipients and new recipients according to schedule xxy and the social security system shall be phased out accordingly .
The funds to support current social security benefits shall become the responsibility of the states within which the recipients reside .
No revenues accruing to the federal government shall be disbursed to any state , city or local government for any reason whatsoever .
Or used to subsidize or benefit any government or private entity , organization or person , other than those explicitly authorized and enumerated in the constitution .
All states are hereby solely responsible for any and all revenues or funds required to operate their sovereign states .
The central government is not obligated to and shall not interfere in state government or local affairs .
The interstate commerce clause shall be applied strictly to regulating interstate commerce as originally established and intended by our founders .
No stretches or reinterpretations of any kind shall be allowed .
Our first unalienable right is the right to life .
Protecting Life and Liberty shall be of paramount importance to our central government .
Roe v Wade and all congressional acts , regulations , court opinions allowing legalized abortion or the taking of innocent human life are hereby rescinded , overruled , repealed , nullified and voided .
Life is fully protected by the U.S. Government .
The Federal Reserve .
Border security .
Medicare .
FAA , FDA , FCC , various federal ABC departments agencies and agencies .
Which to close , which to remake with constitutional limits and authority , etc .
Federal Pensions .
Etc , etc , etc .
Need lots of help with this document , folks .
Please chime in .
Would love to see a committee formed of members of every state to complete and finalize it .
Then we should form and send delegates to a special national congress to work out the kinks and plan its presentation and execution .
This concept is an entirely peaceful altering of our despotic government per our unalienable right and duty .
No where do I call for violence .
The only force I call for is the force of numbers .
We need millions of our citizens to sign on to this petition and execute its provisions .
Will require millions to march on D.C. to block the government 's ability to do business as usual .
This is our right and duty as Americans .
TOPICS :
Activism / Chapters
Breaking News
Constitution / Conservatism
Front Page News
News / Current Events
KEYWORDS :
2ndparagraphmovement
banglist
billofrights
bob152
constitution
donttreadonme
freespeech
gunownership
jimrob
liberty
marchondc
moralabsolutes
secondamendment
statesrights
takingitback
To : Jim Robinson
Bookmark for further action .
To : Jim Robinson
BTTT Go Jim go !
To : Jim Robinson
If you keep this up you ’re going to get Olberman ’s worst person in the world honor again . :)
Jim Thompson ... snicker ....
To : Jim Robinson
I ’m afraid the present government would never relinquish it ’s power by peaceful means .
by 5 posted onby Empireoftheatom48 ( Zero will never be my President , never !!!!!)
To : ConservativeMan55
Hopefully , Oberman will read and report on this .
by 6 posted onby umgud ( Look to gov't to solve your everday problems and they 'll control your everday life . )
To : Jim Robinson
I have been ready to march on Washington for months .
In my memory , I recall the effective bottle - necking of the city by farmers during Carter 's time .
My air - miles and I are ready to go !
by 7 posted onby dersepp ( Orwell Was An Optimist )
To : Jim Robinson
I am on board .
by 8 posted onby Texas Fossil ( The last time I looked , this is still Texas where I live . )
To : Jim Robinson
Good start !
I would love to see several million Americans put their Federal taxes in a “ lock box ” either with a lawyer or a bank - refuse to pay anymore federal taxes until the current crop of tax cheats have been removed and the fiefdoms of Barny Frank , Chris Dodd , Maxine Waters , Barbara Boxer to name a few , have been removed from this government .
Clean out the State Department and remove Erick Holder from his position as chief sheriff , he is not doing his job , he is working for Obama only .
by 9 posted onby yoe ( Pay attention to what Obama does NOT what he says . )
To : Jim Robinson
Reporting for duty .
To : Jim Robinson
Bless you , Jim .
by 11 posted onby trisham ( Zen is not easy .
It takes effort to attain nothingness .
And then what do you have ?
Bupkis . )
To : Jim Robinson
First thing it would do is scare the crap of all the politicians .
Could you imagine a speaker whipping the crowd into a frenzy ?
“ They are not our rulers , they ’re our servants !
We should n’t fear them , they should fear us ! ”
Crowd stomps and chants “ Fear us !
Fear Us ! ” Windows rattle .
Chandeleirs sway .
Bureaucrats huddle in basements in fear , aides cry in the corner .
“ They do not own us .
We will no longer remain silent .
We shall be heard ! ”
It would be glorious .
I expect the politicians would all be taking the day off .
It would have to be on a weekday , the media would be able to ignore us completely on weekends .
It must be a very long event , a short rally will not cut it .
Forget the park or the mall , we will pack the entire federal district if we had millions .
For one day , at least , we would own DC . and * sigh * MSNBC anchors making sexual jokes .
and a paragraph about it would appear in the NY Times on page B - 7 . IMO .
by 12 posted onby GeronL ( UnitedCitizen.Blogspot .Com
---------
United Citizens Nation !
------------- Join Today ! )
To : Jim Robinson
at first I was it was a big opus from Jim Thomspon
by 13 posted onby GeronL ( UnitedCitizen.Blogspot .Com
---------
United Citizens Nation !
------------- Join Today ! )
To : Empireoftheatom48
Maybe a 5 - million gun-owner March on DC would be in order if things get bad enough . , I wonder if the media would ignore it ?
by 14 posted onby GeronL ( UnitedCitizen.Blogspot .Com
---------
United Citizens Nation !
------------- Join Today ! )
To : All
Block all entrances to the Senate , block traffic , caus eserious civil unrest .
That ’s just for openers
To : Jim Robinson
Wow .
by 16 posted onby Earthdweller ( Harvard won the election again ... so what 's the problem .......?)
To : Jim Robinson
Half of the govt actively desires more socialism , whether or not they can lucidly express that thought in English .
A quarter do n’t give a damn , and have n’t given it more than a passing thought .
A quarter care about the founding vision of the USA , the Constitution , etc .
If a million of that last group actually marched on Washington , the MSM and the liberal elite would paint them as insane racist yahoos .
A million crazy Sarah Palins .
That ’s what we ’re up against .
I ’m not optimistic .
To : Jim Robinson
To : All
I ’ll sign it righ tnow .
Jim you need to get this to every conservative talk show host and beg them , if need be , to help us organize and pull this off .
Bless you Jim for having th eballs to say what others are thinking .
To : sonic109
lol .
They will be blocking the Senate and House entrances I am sure
by 20 posted onby GeronL ( UnitedCitizen.Blogspot .Com
---------
United Citizens Nation !
------------- Join Today ! )
Disclaimer : Opinions posted on Free Republic are those of the individual posters and do not necessarily represent the opinion of Free Republic or its management .
All materials posted herein are protected by copyright law and the exemption for fair use of copyrighted works .
FreeRepublic , LLC , PO BOX 9771 , FRESNO , CA 93794
FreeRepublic.com is powered by software copyright 2000 - 2008 John Robinson
We hate concept cars .
Year after year we see new concept cars more fantastical and amazing than the last , and year after year we see cars hit the market that have had all the magic ripped out of them by safety regulations and market realities .
The newly unveiled Vision EfficientDynamics car from BMW is mainly here to show us BMW 's new diesel - based plug - in hybrid drive system .
But it 's also here to annoy us .
Video is after the break .
With topics like self - promotion through YouTube , media layoffs and the Internet 's impact on cultural standards , you'd be excused for thinking my conversation with Bobcat Goldthwait sounds more like a breakout session at South by Southwest than an interview with the guy who
stared in the " Police Academy " series
lit the " Tonight Show " couch on fire
described his last movie , " Sleeping Dogs Lie " as " a romantic comedy but it had a tasteful amount of bestiality "
But true to expectations , Goldthwait peppered those topics with references to throwing feces , the Interenet 's most vile viral video and self - inflicted gunshot wounds to the face .
( And , because I know you 're wondering , he did so in a normal speaking voice and not what he calls " the Grover voice . " )
Goldthwait is performing at The Improv Comedy Club ( 441 S. 4th St. ) 8 p.m. on Aug. 4 . General admission tickets are $ 20 and available online or at the box office .
Goldthwait , who guesses he last performed in Louisville 15 to 20 years ago , recently returned to stand - up comedy after a six - year hiatus during which he focused on writing and directing .
And while 2003 was n't that long ago , it 's been a Rip Van Winkle - like experience : cultural changes , the Internet and reality television have revolutionized the business of being a comedian .
Relevance in the age of Internet shock videos
" My job used to be that I would go out and say things that people found shocking .
How am I going to be able to do that anymore when most 9 and 8 year olds have already seen ' 2 Girls and 1 Cup ' ?
I do n't know how relevant I am , " Goldthwait said .
A ' Tonight Show ' monologue 's got nothing on a viral YouTube video
" It 's really funny how it 's [ the comedy business ] completely changed , " Goldthwait said .
" As a comedian , doing a monologue on a television show does n't really change or help your career .
It 's posting a routine that gets a lot of hits that 'll change your career .
That 's new . "
" Grandpa 's really got to post some comedy on the interweb , " Goldthwait said , referring to himself .
" I can't really blame people [ for only being familiar with his older jokes ] if the only material that is out there is from 20 years ago , " he said .
" I have n't been one of these self - promoting types , which nowadays is really the whole shebang , " he said ( see Cook , Dane for an example ) .
" I 've never been really interested in mass appeal or world domination .
I 've always been very skeptical and weary of any artist that appeals to everyone .
When I was a kid , the people I was really interested in did n't have big followings , " he said , citing Andy Kaufman , George Carlin and Monte Python as examples .
Nevertheless Goldthwait added that he 's thinking about recording some of his upcoming performances and posting the clips online .
" The other thing that 's weird is as I travel around , a lot of major newspapers just do n't exist anymore , " he said .
" Also because of satellite and Clear Channel just laid off thousands of people a lot of the radio shows I used to go on to promote things do n't exist anymore either . "
" It 's the wild west , " Goldthwait said .
" I took six years off from stand - up and they went to talkies . "
Stand - up comedy : it beats being on reality shows or hosting a game show
Why did Goldthwait return to standup , despite an active retirement where he wrote and directed movies and directed " Jimmy Kimmel Live " ?
" I do standup to keep me away from being on reality shows , " Goldthwait said .
" I just have this body of work that I 'm mostly embarrassed of , so I 'm really just trying to do stuff that I would watch , " Goldthwait said in a statement that irritated me , as I 've enjoyed a lot of said body of work .
Apparently some folks are less impressed though : " Sometimes people are aggressive or hostile to me because I 'm not in the limelight .
I 'm like ' You know , I have been offered things as soon as Howie Mandell was successful on the game show , ' " he said .
" I 'd already gone down that route and I was so miserable doing that kind of stuff .
Not taking away from what he does or anything , but if I was eating dinner and someone came over and just said , ' Yo , I ca n't believe Jennifer did n't win last night , ' I 'm going to shoot myself in the face . "
For more information : Read about his new movie , in Bobcat Goldthwait 's ' World 's Greatest Dad ' is not for 13 - year - olds or fetishists .
From time to time a game appears that revolutionizes and makes itself the standard for a gaming genre .
The monthly poll of SpaceSector.com was clear about this for space strategy games .
With 33 % of the votes ( 27 of 83 ) , not surprisingly , the favorite space strategy game of all time is : Master of Orion 2 .
With Master of Orion original game taking the second place with 9 votes ( the other options were : SMAC : 9 votes , GalCiv2 and Sins : 8 , Imperium Galactica : 6 , One of the X - COM series : 5 , One of the Homeworld series : 3 , One of the SE Series and StarTrek BOTF : 2 , Other : 3 votes , Not into Space Strategy : 1 vote , StarWars Rebellion and SOTS got both 0 votes ) .
Released in 1996 by Microprose , Master of Orion 2 Battle at Antares is undoubtedly considered the reference for 4 x space strategy games .
But what made this game so popular that after 13 years of game design innovation , better computer resources and way better available graphics no space strategy game seems to be able to surpass MOO2 success ?
It is true that the game represents a generation of gamers in a time where these games were a rare commodity .
Nostalgia surely helps explain a bit the vote intention , nevertheless I think its important to examine the game thoroughly to try to reveal its formula to success .
The Story is simple yet compelling
MOO2 back - story presents a race called Antarans that were imprisoned by the Orions race ( here the connection is made to the original Master of Orion game ) in a long war that devastated most of the galaxy .
The Antarans found ( somehow ) a way to escape imprisonment and immediately started a terror campaign against all races in the galaxy .
With time the Antaran attacks become more frequent and violent and the races will need to decide if they continue to fight each other or if they put an end to this threat .
To stop their menace a race needs to find “ a way ” to get to the Antarans homeworld ( Antares ) and stop them once and for all .
The race that is able to do this first wins .
So it is literally Master of Orion : Battle at Antares .
The User Interface is clean and cohesive
All there is to the game fits in one screen .
This is undeniably one of the game ’s great assets .
In so many games , since MOO2 , you get not so streamlined menus that connect to sub-menus in not so much intuitive ways .
It ’s not hard to get confused or lost in some of today ’s game user interfaces .
In MOO2 the player has full control of its empire from a single screen , the sub -menus have a total depth of N - 2 .
In opposition to today ’s great visual 3D effects , everything in MOO2 is 2D .
Ok so the stars do n’t shine , you cannot rotate the galaxy nor zoom - in or zoom - out but MOO2 does offer enough star and planet interactivity to keep the player happy by providing a simple to manage star map and a closeup screen , after clicking on a star , that summarizes the planets present on a given system in a very slick way .
The Colony Management screen is user - friendly , concise and sufficiently informative
One of the greatest leaps of MOO2 from its original Master of Orion game predecessor was the introduction of the planet micromanagement screen .
In the original Master of Orion game all the planet management was extremely simple , basically all the player could do was to change the ship building / production / research / waste sliders ( in a direct function to planet population and quality ) to manage a colony output ( pretty much like in Sword of the Stars , a recent 4 x game ) .
In MOO2 the player is allowed to build structures , and these have a direct effect on the colony ( and overall empire ) economy , production capability , research output , population bonuses , military buildings , planetary defenses , terraforming , etc .
The introduction of this level of planet micromanagement brought a new flavour to the Orion gaming experience .
The player has now a much richer experience and relationship with the planets as he can decide to specialize colonies to be research centers , industry plants or commerce / tax farms .
With this level of micromanagement the player has the opportunity to see their planets slowly grow which is nice since this establishes an emotional bond between the player and the game as also provides the player with more refined control on what should be built .
The Economy system is simple and intuitive
As can be seen in the colony screen picture above the player can allocate the planet ’s population to one of three main fields of the game economy : food production , industry output and research .
For every million colonists there is one unit that can be allocated to one of these three economy items .
Without food the planet population will starve to death , so to maintain a planet above starvation level some of its inhabitants must be allocated to farming business .
The rest of the population can be allocated to industry output which can be converted into spaceship and buildings production , or to research that will generate research points required to unlock new technologies .
The economy sounds simple and is indeed .
To note that all the industry and food produced in the planet is entirely diverted to that planet itself in contrast with [ edit ] food , [ / edit ] research points and money produced by taxes and trade , these two three resources sum up to the overall empire stock .
[ edit ]
Note : Excess food is transported to starving planets by freighters .
[ / edit ]
MOO2 has no overall production / research empire sliders ( like in Galactic Civilizations games ) , so you must manage each planet production individually which provides the player a lot of control ( although also a few headaches as well – further explained below ) .
Space Combat is streamlined and enables the player to have full control ( if desired )
If the player chooses the “ tactical combat ” option during game setup the space combat experience is completely tactical , which means that the player has full control on all its spaceships moves in a turn based fashion .
All ships are ordered to attack and / or move in a one by one basis and the player is also allowed to choose individual weapons of each ship alone , attacking multiple targets if required .
The information presented onscreen is detailed without being too overwhelming .
The graphics are basic but quite pretty .
The options provided are sufficient .
Ground combat is basic ( as it should be ) but still fun and scoped
In contrast with spaceship combat , planetary invasions are not tactical .
The invasion outcome is auto resolved in a direct relation of ground troop number , technology rank and available equipment .
The more troops you bring with better guns the better are the chances you will win the day .
I think this is a very good approach for this kind of games since the gaming experience is really about colony management , spaceship design , spaceship combat and research rather than ground assault .
I find the MOO2 invasion mechanics quite simple but elegant giving the player a glimpse of its invasion outcome without turning it into a complex and off - scoped experience .
After all it is just a planetary invasion , a minimum degree of atmosphere is required to give the player a sense of accomplishment but no more .
In - orbit space ships can bombard enemy colonies
One interesting aspect of planetary invasion in MOO2 is the option to bombard a planet .
Many games in the past completely forgot about the usefulness of fleets in planetary invasion : therefore the bombard feature is a big plus for MOO2 .
If the player did not forget to bring troop transports he is allowed to invade a planet but before he does that all the planetary outer defenses , which includes any fleet defenses and starbases , must be defeated first .
In a next stage the player is offered the possibility to invade the planet with his ground troops .
If the player forgot or just does not have at hand troop transports he simply can order the bombardment of the planet ( like a siege ) to harass the planet colony for some turns or to destroy it completely , as the player decides .
Nothing can be more frustrating than having a full fleet of dreadnoughts orbiting a planet and not being offered the possibility to use all that firepower to some good use and just have fleets around doing nothing just because you forgot to bring some troop transports .
Not in MOO2 .
The spaceship design screen is user - friendly , intuitive and flexible
The MOO2 spaceship design concept is very simple and flexible .
The player can choose one of the 6 types of hulls offered ( Frigate to Doom Star ) and is able to fully specialize its fleet .
The bigger the ship the more it can carry , the more damage it can inflict and take on and the more it costs .
In contrast with other recent space strategy games , [ edit ] most of the spaceship ’s hulls do n’t need to be researched ( like in GalCiv2 where most need ) [ \end ] nor need to be confined to special types of hulls / missions ( like in Sword of the Stars ) .
MOO2 provides full design flexibility which provides another level of micromanagement to the player .
Races are charismatic .
Customization really makes a difference and enables game re-playability
MOO2 provides 13 core races and the ability to fully customize a race .
Many traits can be tweaked to the player flavor .
The number of special abilities are enough to provide sufficient game re-playability with substantial gaming experience variety .
For instance if a player decides to be “ creative ” ( one of the most expensive special abilities ) , all the potential research technologies ( normally 1 to 3 ) can be learned at once ( this is the special core ability of the Psilons race ) .
This gives a significant advantage on technology capability to that race .
However this trait is expensive ( 8 points as can be seen below ) .
If the player decides for the “ Tolerant ” trait ( the most expensive trait of them all : 10 points ) the player is able to colonize all kinds of planets without the need to research the technology normally required to do that .
does not suffer production losses due to pollution , and the planets can hold more people .
This is a huge advantage for a race for obvious reasons since when in the eXpansion phase this race may be unbeatable .
The silicoids race has this trait built - in .
If however the player decides for the Lithovore ( one of the most original traits , also the most expensive as Tolerant : 10 points ) the player race does not need to “ eat ” , basically does not need to allocate resources for food production and obviously can reallocate these normally necessary resources to industry or research .
Remark :
The silicoid race is both Tolerant and Lithovore which makes them one of the most ferocious races in early stages , if not stopped early they can become overwhelming in numbers and unbeatable at later game stages .
Of course that being Lithovore and Tolerant is very nice however the player needs to think twice before choosing these traits since a lot of compromises need to be done due to these two traits high - cost .
You will probably need to be repulsive , uncreative and / or low - G race for example just to be able to choose those 2 very interesting traits .
What makes the MOO2 race customization so brilliant is its option variety , imagination and balanced trait trade - off points scheme .
It ’s fascinating because the player can actually experience quite different gaming experiences just by choosing one or two different special abilities which favors a lot for game re-playability .
Diplomacy options are effective and stick to the point
The MOO2 diplomacy options are straightforward but quite effective .
When proposing a treaty to a race this can be one of Trade , Research , Peace , Non-Aggression and Alliance , how more straightforward can it be .
The player can make demands , make offers , exchange techs , declare war or surrender .
The strong point in MOO2 diplomacy options reside in the menu simplicity , the relevance of the options provided and the ease on using these options in a very concise way .
Consider the diplomacy options of Sword of the Stars game for example , how more confusing can a diplomacy menu dialog be than that ?
It ’s ok to be able to provide a lot of diplomacy options to the player but it ’s not ok to provide a rather complex , non-intuitive and confusing user interface when delivering all those diplomacy options .
Research concept is solid with sufficient depth and variety
The MOO2 research concept is quite dissimilar from its predecessor .
In MOO1 the technology tree was dynamic in the sense that the research could get random at times .
After researching Shields IV the player could be able to research Shields VI but not V .
In MOO2 the random effect was abandoned in favor of a concept built on top of the creative and uncreative race traits .
As I have already explained above , in the race customization topic , being creative allows the player to unlock all 2 to 3 technologies under a designated research field .
Lets take Ion Fission Power above as an example .
If the player neither has the creative trait nor is uncreative it is allowed to pick which technology is to be researched .
In this example the player choice was to research Ion Drive .
By making this decision the player will skip Ion Pulse Cannon and Shield Capacitors in favor of Ion Drive .
If the player is in the other hand “ uncreative ” it will not be allowed to pick the tech from a set of 2 or 3 but a random technology will be unlocked for him .
If the player is “ creative ” it will get all 2 to 3 technologies when researching a particular field .
As you see just by this trait choice alone ( creative / uncreative ) , and the need to make a choice between potential technologies to research from ( when the player is neither creative or uncreative ) , the player is already being given a lot of strategic options which is a great plus for the MOO2 research concept .
Spaceships have leaders , and so have planets
One very interesting concept of MOO2 , that was recently mysteriously abandoned by all space strategy games I ’ve played since then , is the Leaders concept .
The Leaders are special people , Diplomats , Administrators , Experienced Captains , Helmsman , etc , that can be hired by the empire to enhance certain traits .
For instance an experienced Helmsman can provide a significant defense bonus to a particular spaceship , a diplomat leader , as represented in the picture below , can provide a bonus to the diplomacy trait .
I do n’t present here all the classes of Leaders because they were a lot of them , but I give you some examples :
Environmentalist : Decreases the pollution level of all colonies
Decreases the pollution level of all colonies Farming Leader : Increases the food grown by farmers
Increases the food grown by farmers Instructor : Increases the amount of experience per turn gained by all leaders and ships
Increases the amount of experience per turn gained by all leaders and ships Science Leader : Increases the research that scientists can produce in a system
Increases the research that scientists can produce in a system Financial Leader : Increases each colony income by a percent
Increases each colony income by a percent Assassin : Has a chance of assassinating an enemy spy
Has a chance of assassinating an enemy spy Commando : Increases the Ground Combat strength of all troops in the system
Increases the Ground Combat strength of all troops in the system Famous : Increases the chance of leaders wanting to join and decreases their hiring cost
Increases the chance of leaders wanting to join and decreases their hiring cost Trader : Increases the income earned from trade agreements
: Increases the income earned from trade agreements Engineer : Increases the restoration rate of the ship ’s shields and overall damage repair in
combat
Increases the restoration rate of the ship ’s shields and overall damage repair in combat Fighter Pilot : Increases the defense and beam weapon damage of all fighter craft used by the
leader ’s fleet .
Increases the defense and beam weapon damage of all fighter craft used by the leader ’s fleet .
Weaponry : Increases the Ship ’s Attack ( of the ship assigned )
You may ask , as I do , why was the Leaders concept abandoned by recent games ?
I do n’t have a clue why , this was certainly one of the best and most interesting features of MOO2 .
This concept must be brought back .
As everything in life MOO2 does have its flaws
Sometimes space combat can become a very tedious process .
If the player decides to get tactical he must assign all ships one by one ( and there can be many of them ) in a very tedious point - and - click endless process that can take many minutes in later game stages .
The game does offer an auto - play feature , however even with that the process can still be quite tedious as big battles require a huge number of turns to finish .
To overcome this flaw Microprose released a MOO2 patch ( v1.3.1 ) that somehow softened this problem by introducing a super - quick auto mode , but even there it still could be monotonous to watch .
The level of micromanagement provided by MOO2 is pointed as being at the same time the best and worst of its features .
The player can have full control of its colonies however due to the lack of effective governors that could automate the more tedious tasks the player spends most of its time , during late games , assigning buildings for construction in all its planets one by one turning the gameplay experience in a complete nightmare .
Graphics are obsolete for contemporary standards , however they were ( more than ) fine at the time .
Conclusion
Master of Orion II is simple , intuitive , user - friendly and fun .
These are the principal ingredients for it being one of the most successful games of all times .
In recap Master of Orion II provides the following formula to success :
The Story is simple yet compelling
The User Interface is clean and cohesive
The Colony Management screen is user - friendly , concise and sufficiently informative
The Economy system is simple and intuitive
Space Combat is streamlined and enables the player to have full control ( if desired )
Ground combat is basic ( as it should be ) but still fun and scoped
In - orbit space ships can bombard enemy colonies
The spaceship design screen is user - friendly , intuitive and flexible
Races are charismatic .
Customization really makes a difference and enables game re-playability
Diplomacy options are effective and stick to the point
Research concept is solid with sufficient depth and variety
Spaceships have leaders , and so have planets
How to play in Windows XP / Vista , MacOS and Linux :
Download the DOSBox DOS operating system emulator .
The installation is simple and the games run smoothly , exactly as they did more than 13 years ago .
The Good :
– The Story is simple yet compelling ;
– The User Interface is clean , functional and very user - friendly ;
– The Spaceship design screen is intuitive and flexible ;
– Races Customization really makes a difference and enables game re-playability ;
– Research concept is solid with sufficient depth and variety ;
– Spaceships have leaders , and so have planets ( nice RPG elements ) .
The Bad :
– Sometimes space combat can become a very tedious process ;
– High micromanagement may turn gameplay in a complete nightmare , specially during late games .
Subscribe RSS
Related Articles :
Post category : Game Reviews
Obama administration spearheads assault on workers in California
12 June 2009
California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger , a Republican , and the Democratic - controlled state legislature are using the economic crisis gripping the state as an opportunity to gut basic social programs upon which millions of people depend .
This offensive against the working class in the state is being carried out with the backing of the Obama administration .
On Wednesday , Schwarzenegger declared that he would let the state government come to a “ grinding halt ” if state lawmakers did not agree to budget cuts sufficient to cover a $ 24 billion deficit .
The governor said he would not “ under any circumstances ” seek emergency loans .
California will run out of cash by the end of July , according to the state ’s comptroller , who warned of a financial “ meltdown . ”
California ’s budget deficit is bound up with the financial crash and recession that have overtaken the American and world economy .
The state was a center of the US housing boom , and is at the center of its collapse .
It has also been deeply impacted by the decline in international trade .
The state ’s economy is contracting and unemployment and foreclosures are soaring .
The result is a sharp decline in tax revenues .
The response of the state to the crisis is part of a broader process .
The American ruling class is utilizing the deepest slump since the Great Depression to push through long - planned cuts in social programs and carry through a permanent reduction in working - class living standards .
It is seeking to eliminate the very idea that government should provide basic social services and at least the modicum of a social safety net .
The state government is seeking to eliminate billions from already starved education and health care budgets .
Schwarzenegger aims to save $ 248 million a year by eliminating the Healthy Families program , which subsidizes low - cost health , dental and vision coverage for nearly a million children .
Some $ 200 million a year is to be saved by eliminating the Cal Grant program for college students , even as cuts in education have led to soaring tuition and fees .
California has already implemented $ 11.6 billion in cuts to education this year , and Schwarzenegger ’s new proposals include an additional $ 5.8 billion over the next two years .
These cuts will leave California , the country ’s most populous state , ranking last in education metrics such as per-pupil funding and teacher - student ratios .
Among the other proposed cuts : $ 80 million for HIV / AIDS programs targeting the poor and vulnerable , the closure of public parks across the state , and a sharp reduction in state grants to low income elderly , blind and disabled residents .
The cuts are already having far - reaching repercussions .
Tens of thousands of teachers face the loss of their jobs .
State , city and local agencies are scrambling to shed costs through layoffs and budget cuts .
Last month , Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner rejected a federal bailout of the state , demanding that California and other states “ put in place reforms that will restore their creditworthiness . ”
With these words , Geithner , the president of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York prior to being named treasury secretary by Obama , spoke openly as the representative of the bankers .
Wall Street demands a scorched - earth policy to make the American people pay for the crisis that the banks precipitated .
In 1975 , the Ford administration refused to provide assistance to New York City when it faced financial collapse , prompting the famous newspaper headline : “ Ford to City : Drop Dead ! ”
Today , the Obama administration is carrying out a broader and even more ruthless policy , with direct implications for every part of the country .
No one in the administration , least of all Obama , attempts to explain why it is impermissible to bail out a state with 37 million inhabitants , while it is necessary to provide trillions of dollars to pay the gambling debts of billionaire bankers on Wall Street .
The administration wants to use California as a model for the types of cuts that are to be imposed elsewhere .
It sees the social devastation of California as a useful precedent for the assault on basic social programs such as Medicare , Medicaid and Social Security it intends to carry out .
There is a definite parallel between the administration ’s policy toward California and its policy toward the auto industry .
Obama insisted that any aid to the auto companies be conditioned on massive job cuts and wage and benefit concessions from workers .
In both cases , the aim is to carry through a fundamental restructuring of class relations in America , whose centerpiece is the destruction of the social gains won by previous generations of workers .
The claim — promoted by the Democrats and Republicans and by the mass media — that there is no money to solve California ’s fiscal crisis and there is no choice but to implement drastic cuts in social programs is a fraud .
The budget deficit in California pales in comparison to the sums handed out to individual banks as part of the various bailout schemes , and it is a fraction of US government spending on the military .
The deficit is also a fraction of the personal wealth of the tiny layer of super - rich at the summit of the economic ladder in California .
The state is home to a significant proportion of the world ’s billionaires .
The net worth of Californian Larry Ellison , the founder of Oracle , is estimated at $ 22.5 billion — roughly equal to the state ’s entire budget deficit .
The personal fortune of this single individual could cover the entire deficit of the state .
Such is the scale of social inequality in America .
Even a ten percent tax on the wealth of California ’s billionaires would more than cover the deficit .
There are not a few individuals who could write personal checks to cover the costs of health care programs set to be shut down .
The suggestion that the financial elite pay for the economic crisis it has created is absolutely rejected by the entire political establishment , in California as in Washington .
The Democrats in the state legislature are proposing dipping into a “ rainy day ” fund to postpone some cuts , while working closely with Schwarzenegger to impose the crisis on the backs of the working population .
The fate of what was once known as the “ golden state ” underscores certain facts .
First , the current crisis represents the failure of American and world capitalism .
The living standards and elementary needs of the vast majority of the people are incompatible with the continuation of a system based on private ownership of the means of production and the subordination of social needs to the accumulation of personal wealth by a financial aristocracy .
Second , there is no possibility of the people effecting a change of government policy by electing one or the other party of big business .
The Obama administration , elected by appealing to the social grievances of the electorate and promising “ change , ” is daily providing proof that the political system is impervious to the interests of working people .
Third , the result of the policy of Obama and the Republicans will be the impoverishment of the American people .
The development of mass opposition to these attacks is an urgent necessity .
Workers in California must take a determined stand against all cuts and begin organizing now for mass actions , including demonstrations and strikes .
New organizations must be set up to unify all sections of the working class in a common struggle against the dictates of the financial elite , linking the crisis in California with the crisis throughout the country and internationally .
Above all , a new political perspective is required , based on a socialist program .
The entire political establishment , in alliance with the trade unions , accepts that the economy must remain under the grip of the financial elite .
There can , in fact , be no solution to the crisis facing working people outside of breaking the dictatorship of the banks , exercised through the twin parties of American capitalism .
This means the transformation of the banks and giant corporations into public utilities under the democratic control of the working population — in California and throughout the United States — and the building of the Socialist Equality Party to lead the fight for a workers ’ government .
Joe Kishore
Joe Kishore
The military podium where Sadat was shot is monument to the army 's glory
By Magdi Abdelhadi
BBC Arab affairs analyst , Cairo
Nearly 60 years since the Egyptian army overthrew the monarchy , some Egyptians may be looking to the army again for a successor to 81 - year - old head of state and former air force chief Hosni Mubarak .
On front of the podium where President Anwar Sadat was assassinated in 1981 while watching a military parade there is a huge frieze .
The gilded triptych glorifies the military and places it at the heart of Egyptian society from the time of the Pharaohs .
The central scene portrays soldiers , together with farmers , workers and students , carrying a plaque inscribed with 1952 - the year a group of army officers overthrew King Farouk and declared Egypt a republic .
Another attraction in nearby Heliopolis is the October Panorama , a permanent exhibition describing in epic terms how the Egyptian army crossed the Suez Canal in 1973 and destroyed Israeli fortifications .
School trips are organised to the Panorama regularly , to instil in young Egyptians pride and love of their armed forces .
The message is clear : the military injects dignity and pride into Egypt and deserves its privileged status - a status the officers have enjoyed since 1952 .
But these privileges reached new heights during the rule of Hosni Mubarak , who took over after Sadat 's assassination .
Officers ' clubs boasting lavish sports facilities and restaurants ; subsidised housing ; military hospitals ; these are just some of the most visible perks - the likes of which no other profession in Egypt enjoys .
The military has also been transformed into a veritable business empire , whose exact size , turnover and profit no - one is allowed to know .
Not even parliament can scrutinise its affairs .
First step
No - one dares talk about the armed forces in public .
Talat Sadat is a popular figure in his Nile delta hometown of Meit Abul Koom " We are not even allowed to mention the words ' the army ' in our reporting " , a young journalist tells me .
One man who broke that taboo , Talaat Sadat , spent a year in jail .
The MP and nephew of the assassinated president had suggested during a speech in parliament that the investigation into his uncle 's murder was not thorough enough .
Nevertheless , a year in a military prison has not prevented him from viewing the army as Egypt 's best hope after Mr Mubarak .
" We are waiting for the army to take the first step , " he says " then we will support it ... just like in 1952 . "
" I am fed up with businessmen - ministers , especially the princes of the ruling NDP , " says Mr Sadat , in an apparent reference to the new business elite associated with President Mubarak 's son , Gamal .
Mr Sadat is not alone .
Engy Haddad , a Harvard - educated publicist , once worked for the ruling National Democratic Party in the belief that reform was possible from within , but she was quickly disillusioned .
She then helped set up a group to monitor elections and another to fight corruption in state institutions .
She sees poverty as a ticking time bomb in Egypt and says there is no alternative but that the men in uniform intervene .
" We are all hoping that happens .
And by ' we ' I mean liberals .
The game is no longer fair !
The game is stacked against the poor .
There is no future .
The country is being eaten through by corruption . "
She hopes that a patriotic figure from the army will see the unfairness and step in to put things right .
Warning from history
It is a dearth of coherent secular alternatives that presents such a problem to people like Engy Haddad .
Critics accuse Mr Mubarak of stifling political development
To liberals and leftists alike , the outlawed Muslim Brotherhood , the best organised opposition group , is anathema .
So is what is known as the " hereditary scenario " - Gamal Mubarak being installed as president in a charade dressed up as a democratic vote .
For nearly three decades , say critics and opposition activists , Mr Mubarak has prevented development of a mature political system in the name of stability .
After hearing that even some liberals want the army to step in , I wondered what the officers would think of that .
But since the army does not talk to the media , I turned to one of the very few surviving architects of the 1952 coup .
I was granted rare access to Dr Tharwat Okasha , who is now in his late eighties , and has served as ambassador and minister of culture during the Nasser era .
He delivered a damning verdict on the consequences of the officers ' involvement in politics .
Would he have taken part in the 1952 movement if he had known the consequences ?
The answer was categorical .
" I would never , never [ have ] participated .
No , " Dr Okasha responds in a defensive manner .
A warning from history then to those who think that soldiers can still sort out politics .
Part two of Mubarak 's Egypt will be broadcast on the BBC World Service on Monday 29 June .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Good Deeds
Three things you can do to make Typedia better :
Looking for other good deeds ?
We ’ve got plenty !
FRANKFURT 
The European economy bounced back with unexpected strength in the second quarter , buoying hopes that a worldwide recession was drawing to a close .
The sharp improvement from the first quarter underscored just how far Europe and indeed the global economy had come since a harrowing free fall in late 2008 .
Underlying the strong reading were solid performances in France and Germany , each of whose economies grew slightly in the second quarter , according to government data released Thursday .
Though very dependent on government spending , Asia has shown sharp improvement recently .
Some leading forecasters expect growth of up to 9 percent in China this year and more than 10 percent next year .
Meanwhile , the brutal contraction early this year in the United States has eased , with signs pointing to modest growth in the second half .
The economy of the 27 - country European Union shrank 0.3 percent in the three months ended June 30 , for an annual rate of roughly 1.2 percent .
The 16 countries that use the euro registered a 0.1 percent decline for the second quarter , or an annual rate of roughly 0.4 percent .
Advertisements
Today on his radio show Rush Limbaugh , went into full let ’s scare some old people about healthcare mode , as he told his elderly listeners that their medical costs were too high .
“ Limbaugh said people at a certain age with certain diseases will be deemed not worth the investment … ”
He laid out his vision of stopping healthcare by mobilizing the elderly against it .
Here is Rush discussing what he thinks the GOP strategy should be :
Advertisements
Here is the fear mongering :
Limbaugh said , “ People at a certain age with certain diseases will be deemed not worth the investment , and they will just as Obama said , they ’d give them some pain pills , and let them loop out till they die and they do n’t even know what ’s happened .
It will be rationed .
You ’re not going to be able to choose your doctor .
Probably after a while , will not be able to hold on to your private insurance or your current insurance , which is all by design , but they are going to be able to regulate call you a risk based on do you smoke , do you not smoke .
How far do you drive to work ?
Do wear polyester , it ’s more flammable .
They could get ridiculous , but that ’s who these people are , and that ’s the kind of control they want . ”
I hope people realize that all of the above statements that Limbaugh made about healthcare reform are n’t true .
It is n’t going to kill the elderly .
You will still be able to keep your insurance and choose your own doctor .
Healthcare is n’t going to be rationed .
You know , Limbaugh ’s rant reminded me that Soylent Green was TCM last Saturday , and I think he must have watched it .
In the healthcare version of the sci - fi classic Limbaugh is Charlton Heston ’s Thorn character defending Soylent Green as good for you .
Rush would be screaming soylent green is n’t people , just as he is saying our healthcare system is n’t broken .
Limbaugh , like most Republicans describes a system where there is nothing standing between the patient and the doctor .
However , I can tell you from firsthand experience that my insurance company comes between me and my doctor constantly .
On numerous occasions my doctor has prescribed medication for me only to have my insurance company deem the medicine to be too expensive , so they refuse to pay .
They problem with the current system is that medical decisions are being made by the insurance companies on the basis of cost .
The insurance company , not my doctor , often determines the type and quality of my care .
Rush is living in a fantasy land if he thinks that Republicans can win by saying no to healthcare .
If healthcare goes down to defeat , Republicans will take the blame , and they will be hammered at the polls in 2010 and 2012 .
The vast majority of Americans want healthcare reform , and I think that the Republicans are going to go home in August and get an earful from their constituents .
Business creation rates in low - income potential sectors such as childcare and cleaning services increased last year , while creation rates for businesses in high - income potential sectors such as high - tech manufacturing decreased , according to the recently released 2008 Kauffman Index of Entrepreneurial Activity .
The findings reveal early evidence of a rise in entrepreneurship out of necessity rather than opportunity .
In 2008 , 130 new businesses were created per 100,000 people each month in low - income - potential types of businesses , according to the study , compared to 123 new medium - income - potential types of businesses .
However , only sixty - nine new businesses were created each month per 100,000 people for high - income - potential types of businesses .
" During a recession , people often turn to self - employment because they can't find a job , " explains Rob Fairlie , economics professor at the University of California Santa Cruz and author of the study .
" Businesses like beauty salons or landscaping are easier and less expensive to start than a technology company , which explains the rise in low - income - potential businesses and the drop in high - income - potential ones . "
This trend is consistent with previous economic downturns , according to data .
When economic conditions were strong , low - and medium - income - potential business creation rates generally decreased , whereas high - income - potential business creation rates increased .
One of the things which confronted me when I got interested in quantitative finance is the varieties of different kinds of quant .
Now I realize this is pretty simple .
Quants come in three basic varieties .
Structurers : people who price complex financial instruments .
Risk managers people who manage portfolio risk Quant traders people who use statistics to make money by buying and selling
It took me quite a while to figure this out .
I do n’t know why people have n’t bothered to state this taxonomy of quant jobs .
I suspect it ’s because most quants are structurers .
Of course , there is often bleed over between these varieties - but it ’s a useful taxonomy for looking for work .
I ’ve done a little of all three at this point ( very little , honestly ) , and have always liked quant trading problems more than the other two varieties .
It ’s the most ambitious , and the most likely to net you a career outside of a large organization ( go me : Army of one ! ) .
It ’s also the most mysterious , since successful quant traders do n’t like to talk about what they do .
Structurers and risk managers have to talk about what they do , almost by definition .
Quant traders gain little from talking about their special sauce .
The ones who have spilled the beans are guys like Ed Thorp - who only talk about old strategies , or guys like Larry Harris , who wrote the best book there is on trading , though he wrote it without any interesting equations in it .
Of course , there are going to be quant jobs which do n’t fit exactly into these categories ; there is a lot of overlap between traders and risk managers , for example : I ’m only presenting them as a useful framework to hang some thoughts on .
Since I ’m not presently employed as a quant trader , I do n’t mind talking about it a little bit .
I hope to outline below a rough but mostly complete taxonomy of how this stuff works .
Later on , I might outline some specifics of how these basic ideas are applied in practice .
To make money as a trader , assuming your motivation is to make a profit , you need to buy low and sell high .
That ’s really all there is to it .
Losing sight of this is the source of much trading ruin .
People often lose sight of this .
They build spectacular technical analysis models based on … whatever wavelet / fractical special sauce they can dream up , and forget that they are supposed to be buying low and selling high .
To do this , you need some kind of insight or information that other people in the market lack , or you need a structural edge which other market participants do n’t have .
The latter brings me to the first kind of trading strategy in my bestiary :
Liquidity peddlers .
Market makers earn the spread .
What does this mean ?
They will display prices for buying and selling an instrument , the difference of which is the “ spread . ”
In an ideal situation , this means they ’ll buy from people who want to sell , then sell the same thing to someone else who wants to buy , earning the price difference .
They ’re taking a risk on that there will be no seller or buyer on the other leg of the trade , and that the price will move against their resulting position .
If you ’re not competing with other people who do this , you can make tidy , low volatility profits .
If you have a captive audience , you ’re not competing with others who do this , and so this is a pretty good trade .
This is what most people think of as “ liquidity provision ” or “ making markets . ”
How this gets done may be as simple as what I just outlined , or it can get very complex indeed .
This is why liquidity is good
Arbitrageurs earn a different kind of spread .
These guys rely on a structural advantage of some kind .
It may take the form of having very fast software .
It may be because they are large market participants in geographically distant market locations .
It may be because they happen to own a large boat with oil in it , and they drive the boat to the place they ’re most likely to get a nicer spot price .
Sometimes they arb things which are identical : FOREX futures for example .
Sometimes they arb things which are supposed to be identical , like index futures versus index ETF’s .
And again , sometimes it gets complicated .
Statistical arbitrageurs are a sort of squishy area , similar to arbs , but distinct from them .
They find “ pieces ” of securities which are theoretically equivalent .
For example , they may notice a drift between prices of oil companies which should revert to a mean value .
This mean reversion should happen if the drift does n’t have anything to do with actual corporate differences , like one company ’s wells catching on fire .
What you ’re doing here is buying and selling the idea of an oil company , or in other words , a sort of oil company market spread risk .
You ’re assuming these two companies are statistically the same , and so they ’ll revert to some kind of mean when one of the prices move .
Similarly , in the merger between two companies , there is a risk spread in the relative values of the stock prices of the companies , lest the merger does n’t go through .
If your statistics or inside information is good enough , you can buy this spread at a profit .
In some sense , statistical arbitrageurs are a hybrid of liquidity peddlers and arbitrageurs .
They earn their money in both ways .
Fundamentals traders : these guys are trying to be the electrical version of Warren Buffet .
They buy what they consider “ bargain ” stocks , and hold until they can realize some kind of profit , either from harvesting dividends , or from the price appreciation of the stock .
This gets a lot of press as being very subjective , but it can be entirely quantitative .
Indeed , I suspect Buffet , like most traders , at least uses a quant screen to make his picks .
Many , many hedge funds are buying and selling stocks based on accounting data , market trends , and other such information which may or may not have been baked into the price at any given moment .
Liquidity providers and statistical arbitrageurs prey on fundamentals traders ( among other people ) .
Since fundamentals traders want to control large blocks to harvest large returns , they have to pay for their liquidity .
This is the style most people think of as “ buying and selling stocks ” - it looks a lot like investing .
The ironic thing about it is , this is also the area where most money is lost in algorithmic trading .
When you hear about quant funds crashing all at once like in 2007 , this is what they ’re talking about .
It will be a bunch of funds going after the same opportunities in ops cash flow versus accruals , price / book ratio or sector momentum stocks … then something in the market goes not according to the model .
Since these guys all use the same dumb quarterly rebalanced models , and the market value of the firms invested in is very large , lots of money gets lost .
Arbs , liquidity peddlers ?
The amounts of money involved are much smaller .
Arbs and liquidity peddlers can be one or two or five man operations with only a little money in the bank .
That ’s why guys like me get upset when media fiends go after “ high frequency . ”
You know who they ’re going after ?
The small businessman ; aka me , that ’s who .
Little guys like me who did n’t go to Yalevard and do n’t have any bazillionaires on the rolodex can still make a living as arbs or liquidity peddlers .
Oh , the media makes it sound like they ’re going after bloated behemoths like Goldman .
I would n’t be surprised if such companies were actually behind this fake “ populist uproar . ”
Goldman are certainly a lot more likely to profit from changing legislation or exchange rules than I am ; that is why they seem to be all for new regulation .
I guess fundamentals traders can also be small firms , though they ’re going to be much more easily wiped out than a large firm due to the volatility inherent in such strategies .
But it is worth realizing that virtually all large algorithmic firms are fundamentals traders .
This is true because fundamentals trading is the only kind with the large capacity required to cut lots of paychecks on a 2/20 deal with investors .
I have to admit some bias here : some fundamentals algo trading annoys the hell out of me .
A lot of what they do is n’t much more sophisticated than picking stocks by price / earnings ratios .
IMO , there should be Yahoo finance style services for individual investors to pick stocks in the same way these guys do .
I have considered building one and making money selling ads the way Yahoo does .
Selling ads on a finance webpage is a much lower volatility business than seeking alpha in yet another low Sharpe fundamentals trading business .
Probably ads more value as well .
This is why it ’s good to be a fundamentals trader : lots of company Less pertinent to profit making algorithmic trading strategies , but worth mentioning anyway : Hedgers : are not necessarily interested in making a profit by executing a trade .
They ’re more interested in trading as a form of insurance .
The insurance generally locks in a profit , or minimizes losses someplace else in a business , but the hedging trade itself is not meant to be profitable .
Much of the options , short interest and index futures market consists of people who are buying a form of market insurance .
I partly mention this category out of historical interest : people sometimes blame the crash of 1987 on a hedging algorithm in common use in those days .
Still , profitable trading strategies often contain hedges , and hedging is a large part of trading volume , so it is worth mentioning explicitly .
Hedgers can also be a great source of profits .
While this may sound very “ tooth and claw ” - you can also look at it as providing hedging services to people who want to be hedged .
Noise traders : many trading algorithms do n’t make any sense from the profit making or hedging point of view .
The most obvious category here are idiots with computers who do n’t know what they ’re doing .
Less obvious than this are index ETFs ; all they want to do is track an index .
This is harder than it sounds ; in fact , it is NP hard .
Another not - so - obvious category are central banks trying to manipulate their currency prices .
While this is a rather grab - bag category , I have to put these guys somewhere .
While I do n’t know any central bankers , looking at Forex ticks , what they ’re doing appears to be at least partially algorithmic .
Noise traders are also a great source of profits .
They are also a very large fraction of trading volume .
My categories are somewhat arbitrary , just as my aforementioned categories of quant are somewhat arbitrary .
Again , these categories are to hang thoughts on .
I ’m pretty sure you can chop any quantitative trading system into one or more of these categories as a useful way of thinking about things .
For example : let ’s say I ’m trading on the spread between an actual basket of stocks comprising an index , and an ETF or index future .
I ’d categorize that as statistical arbitrage .
Sure , people have a special name for it : index arbitrage , but it ’s really a kind of stab art , the same way as trading pairs is : you ’re just trading a lot more pairs .
But wait : it could get more complicated .
Let ’s say you want to build an index better than the actual and use the index to hedge risk : is that still stab art ?
Or is it more like fundamentals trading ?
Really , it is a bit of both .
To build an index beating portfolio ( usually a subindex ) , you need to do some fundamentals modeling .
Is the Tu Jeng Hound of the Hedges plant or an animal ?
Maybe he is a little of both .
Which of these are high frequency ?
All of them .
That is not an exaggeration , though I am mostly saying it to make clear that I ’m not breaking things down by time scale .
People like Warren Buffet may have a long investment horizon , but they also need to pay as little as possible for liquidity .
Shopping the block is a non-trivial problem .
Speed is important in all kinds of trades .
Latency is n’t always that important , however .
For example , while speed is probably important in your hypothetical index arb problem , I ’m pretty sure latency is a secondary consideration .
Latency of course is important in pure arbitrage and most kinds of liquidity provision .
What is a “ predatory algorithm ? ”
Generally speaking , this is an algorithm that makes your life inconvenient on any of these trades .
Seriously : that ’s what the phrase means .
Anyone who tells you otherwise is selling something .
CG illustrator Macoto Murayama takes a unique look at the organic beauty of flowers by highlighting their geometric and mechanical structure .
H. annuus
H. annuus
H. annuus
Lily
Lily
Lily
Lily
C. morifolium
Gerbera
Gerbera
C. warneri [+]
C. warneri [+]
Rosa [+]
Prunus
[ Links : Creators Bank , TORAY ]
Philadelphia socialites Tracy Lord and C.K. Dexter Haven married impulsively , with their marriage and subsequent divorce being equally passionate .
They broke up when Dexter 's drinking became excessive , it a mechanism to cope with Tracy 's unforgiving manner to the imperfect , imperfections which Dexter admits he readily has .
Two years after their break - up , Tracy is about to remarry , the ceremony to take place at the Lord mansion .
Tracy 's bridegroom is nouveau riche businessman and aspiring politician George Kittredge , who is otherwise a rather ordinary man and who idolizes Tracy .
The day before the wedding , three unexpected guests show up at the Lord mansion : Macaulay Connor ( Mike to his friends ) , Elizabeth Imbrie - the two who are friends of Tracy 's absent brother , Junius - and Dexter himself .
Dexter , an employee of the tabloid Spy magazine , made a deal with its publisher and editor Sidney Kidd to get a story on Tracy 's wedding - the wedding of the year - in return for Kidd not ...
Written by Huggo
UPDATE : Ezra Klein and Brian Beutler think that reports that Obama subsequently repudiated Emanuel ’s comments are flat our wrong .
This is a rather significant political story for a number of reasons .
In the past 24 hours , White House chief of staff Rahm Emanuel undercut the health care reform public option by expressing his support for a “ trigger ” under which the public option would n’t come into existence unless the market could n’t provide enough competition .
Many on the pro- health care reform side of things think the trigger is simply a cute way to kill the public option .
Thus , when Emanuel embraced it , it signaled that Obama was backing away from the public option .
Amazingly , liberal members of Congress and MoveOn fought back .
The House Progressive Caucus wrote Obama a public letter telling him they ’d walk if the trigger was included in legislation , and MoveOn asked its millions of members to express their disappointment to the White House .
I say “ amazingly , ” because up until now , members of Congress have been loathe to criticize Obama on anything , as have liberal groups .
MoveOn , to its credit , has been trying to work with the administration as a friend , not an adversary .
Today that all changed .
This not only signifies that we may be reaching a perilous moment in the health care debate , but it also signifies that other constituencies , besides the gays , are becoming concerned with where this White House is headed on key legislative promises .
For their willingness to speak out when it ’s still not entirely PC to do so , the House Progressive Caucus and MoveOn both deserve our praise .
Liberal groups on Tuesday made it clear that they are not happy with news reports that the White House may be considering alternatives to a public plan in health care reform .
Rep. Raúl Grijalva ( D - Ariz . ) , co-chairman of the 77 - member Congressional Progressive Caucus , fired off a letter to President Barack Obama warning him against dropping a public insurance option from health care reform plans .
Grijalva described the “ alarm and dismay ” he felt after reading a Wall Street Journal story that cites White House Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel offering support for a “ trigger ” mechanism , under which a public plan option is only part of health care if the marketplace fails to provide sufficient competition on its own .
“ I want to be crystal clear that any such trigger for a strong public plan option is a non-starter with a majority of the Members of the Progressive Caucus , ” Grijalva said … .
Those with lingering concerns include the liberal group MoveOn , which sent an e-mail urging its millions of members to call the White House to express their disappointment with Emanuel ’s comments .
Not to put too fine a point on it , but this is one of the main reasons Joe and I – who were both early Obama supporters , and raised $ 50,000 for him via this blog – have been so outspoken about the Obama White House ’s inaction , and backtracking , on the president ’s gay civil rights promises .
We have long suspected that Rahm Emmanuel was the problem ( though I ’ve now heard from multiple sources that White House spokesman Robert Gibbs also has a big problem with gay civil rights issues ) , whispering in Obama ’s ear , pushing the president to abandon his campaign promises and take a more “ moderate , ” “ centrist , ” Republican course on our civil rights .
Now we see the same concerns arising about Emanuel , that he is watering down the president ’s promises – but the concerns are coming from members of Congress and MoveOn on an entirely different issue , health care reform .
That is significant .
And , as it is now also a trend , it is troubling , and has significance for every constituency seeking change via this administration .
Jerry
Dated : November 06 , 2017
Finally , Deluxe made me their regular customer by offering wonderful customer services and user - friendly website .
Whenever I need a check for my business I always choose Deluxe to shop it from .
Their rates are also very reasonable and coupon helps me saving a lot .
George
Dated : October 24 , 2017
I am running my own business on a small level but whether it ’s small or big , checks are always required .
The reason I choose to order checks is customization of checks with ease .
Deluxe always helps me a lot in making customized checks for my business purposes .
William Jelly
Dated : October 16 , 2017
I just availed 50 % Off by ordering my business check at Deluxe .
They have the most reasonable prices on their website that forces me to buy from there always .
Happy to have a good experience .
Carol
Dated : December 31 , 2015
My business sense was never so good .
And when it came to doing my own startup , I was n't that good initially .
Secure transactions and payments are the important part of any business .
I realized this after facing an immense loss in the early days .
But thanks to the high - security checks from Deluxe , I never looked back upon challenges and made every payment without any trouble till now .
Jason
Dated : December 23 , 2015
When I opened a small business , initially , I was worried that how will I get to know minor solutions and all .
Time passed and slowly , I learnt places like Deluxe from where one can buy anything from security checks to logo designs and office supplies .
I advise all to flourish their business using customized products to endorse the name .
Stella
Dated : December 03 , 2015
Check customization is an important concern for every small business owner .
Me myself had issues regarding the company logo , font and colors .
Deluxe helped me a lot in making personalized checks for the business purposes .
Now , I am hopeful that the company will start developing its image at a broader level .
Issac
Dated : November 26 , 2015
This is my first time ordering personal checks of customized manner .
They feel great and pretty useful apart from the discounted price as well as free of cost shipping .
Now , I will order some of their security checks for business purpose and see how secure they are .
I feel that I can trust this store .
Jim
Dated : November 16 , 2015
I am very much satisfied after personalizing my checks .
It feels as if my personal checks have an identity of their own and everything is according to my needs .
All this with such discounts is amazing indeed .
Isabella
Dated : November 06 , 2015
It is important to consider the check security before placing orders for personal or business checks .
Since there is a lot of check fraud going around , one must keep on the safer side .
Buying check needs from Deluxe is recommendable because of variety and customization .
Max
Dated : November 02 , 2015
I am amazed about the fact that Deluxe pays so much emphasize on check security .
They take regular measures against check fraud which is a must - have in the era of cyber crimes .
Deluxe offers never fail to disappoint me on my check needs for discounts .
Thanks to them , my company is starting to be recognized by customized logo .
The team here deserves a " Thank you " , for all promotions and deals .
Mark
Dated : October 28 , 2015
I am now their regular customer as I frequently have to buy checks and other office supplies from Deluxe .
Their rates are very affordable .
Moreover , the coupons they provide help in getting decent discounts .
Carter
Dated : October 26 , 2015
Deluxe is my only choice for buying business checks because they are most secure and my experience with them has always been superb .
Their rates are also very reasonable and coupons help saving lots of money .
Arthur
Dated : September 29 , 2015
I am a businessman so I need business checks regularly .
Therefore , whenever I have to buy checks I get them from Deluxe .
Their checks are very safe and secure too .
The best thing about them is that their prices are very reasonable and the coupons further aid with discounts .
Annie
Dated : August 17 , 2015
Using their $ 50 off on $ 200 coupon was more than a treat and I was successfully been able to save plenty of bucks on my shopping .
Thanks for timely delivery .
Conservatives accuse the NHS of rationing healthcare
As the US healthcare debate hots up during Congress 's summer recess , anti-reform campaigners have been directing criticisms across the Atlantic at the UK healthcare system .
The most recent row erupted after an editorial at the Investors Business Daily ( IBD ) launched an attack on the British National Health Service ( NHS ) , as a warning against what could happen if the US adopted such a model .
" The controlling of medical costs in countries such as Britain through rationing , and the health consequences thereof are legendary , " the article said .
" The stories of people dying on a waiting list or being denied altogether read like a horror movie script . "
The article 's author went on to assert that " people such as scientist Stephen Hawking would n't have a chance in the UK , where the National Health Service would say the life of this brilliant man , because of his physical handicaps , is essentially worthless . "
As the Atlanta Journal - Constitution 's Jay Bookman quickly pointed out , Prof Hawking was born in the UK , and has lived and worked there for his entire life .
And UK newspapers the Guardian and Daily Telegraph reported Prof Hawking as saying that he " would n't be here today if it were not for the NHS " .
Basic stupidity
Washington
Post blogger Ezra Klein said the IBD article was an example of conservatives " lying " about healthcare .
" It 's not just that they did n't know that Stephen Hawking was born in England .
It 's that the underlying point was wrong , as you 'll note from the continued existence of Stephen Hawking .
They did n't choose an unfortunate example for an accurate point .
They simply lied . "
The New Republic 's Jason Zengerle - while endorsing Mr Klein 's objections to the IBD 's article - was not convinced that the article 's author should be given the credit for a conscious lie .
" The point the IBD writer was trying to make would have at least been theoretically plausible if , as the writer believed , Hawking was not British , " Mr Zengerle wrote .
It 's worth emphasizing , for those who remain confused and misled , that Democratic reform proposals would not create a British system
Steve Benen
Washington Monthly
" I 'm just reluctant to credit the IBD writer with the sufficient smarts to concoct such a lie .
Seems like basic stupidity is the easier explanation here . "
The IBD 's fundamental charge was that President Obama 's healthcare plans would lead to the rationing of healthcare , and that rationing is a feature of the British system .
This point was echoed by conservative blogger Michelle Malkin , who warned that " the effects of socialised medicine in Britain - engineered by government - run cost - cutting panels on which Obamacare would be modelled - continue to wreak havoc on the elderly and infirm . "
In making this point , Ms Malkin was explicitly re-affirming the assertion made by former Republican vice - presidential candidate Sarah Palin , that Mr Obama wanted to create a " death panel " to decide whether the elderly or disabled are " worthy of health care " .
Top topic
Liberal bloggers in the US have rejected the accusations made by these prominent conservatives .
Washington Monthly 's Steve Benen argued that the healthcare plans put forward by Mr Obama and his fellow Democrats bore no resemblance to the UK system .
" It 's worth emphasizing , for those who remain confused and misled , that Democratic reform proposals would not create a British system .
The comparison does n't even make sense in any substantive way , and the very premise of the IBD attack , which has been widely parroted by the far - right , reflects a fundamental lack of intellectual honesty and seriousness . "
Matthew Yglesias , blogger for the liberal Centre for American Progress , lamented the fact that Mr Obama was not planning to follow the British example .
" The NHS is a pretty great model and the British are on to something ... if you were actually able to get British levels of care for British price levels [ in the US ] you could redirect [ the savings ] to trying to improve the social circumstances of the poor , trying to reduce exposure to health hazards , and building infrastructure ( trains , sidewalks , bike paths , even the dread parks ) suited to less sedentary lifestyles .
We 'd be much better off that way . "
The American conservatives ' criticisms of the NHS , and an appearance by British Conservative MEP Dan Hannan on Fox News , in which he bemoaned the state of healthcare in the UK , has prompted thousands of British Twitter users to rush to its defence .
By early Wednesday evening UK time , the # WeLoveTheNHS hashtag had become one of the top trending topics on the global site .
Some Twitter users , like Luke Richards , offered general words of support .
" I 'm proud of our health service .
It 's one of this country 's best achievements of the past century , " he wrote .
Others , like Claire Thompson of Reading , highlighted the life - saving treatment that they or their friends and relatives have received .
" My father had heart surgery last year , and my husband 's life was saved after a fall - not perfect , but great when it matters , " she tweeted .
Most seemed to reflect the feeling that despite its shortcomings , the British remain defiantly proud of the health service in the face of transatlantic criticism .
Case in point , dramatic satellite images of the Larsen B Ice Shelf made headlines around the world when it collapsed in 2002 .
But the effects of climate change across the continent of Antarctica is a lot more complex and a lot less clear than most people appreciate .
Antarctica appeared to be relatively unaffected by climate change until more recently .
The continent is classified as a cold desert .
But precipitation in the form of snowfall is expected to increase due to higher humidification .
This effect could in principle delay sea level rise from melting Antarctic ice sheets .
But wind currents and other factors have changed noticeably and it remains to be seen how this vast , poorly understood region will react under changing conditions humans have never witnessed .
One common critique of climate change is that is local weathermen can't accurately predict if it will rain next weekend , how can the public have faith in complex computer models that make predictions on far greater time scales ?
The answer is , scientists can make prediction about long term climate , becuase climate and weather are not the same thing .
No one can say is it will snow on Christmas day wherever you are in 2050 , but we do know it will get warmer in the spring and cooler in the fall because climate is forced by seasons .
It should come as no surprise that it can be forced by factors like high altitude aerosols that reflect solar radiation , or greenhouse gases that retain it .
Events like the 1991 eruption of Mt Pinatubo was a grand experiment that allowed researchers to test the accuracy of high altitude aerosol layers vs GHG models .
Empirical observations from real world phenomena give researchers the opportunity to test models with many variables .
As those models have become more sophisticated and their results confirmed , climate scientists have grown more confident in their long range predictions .
Flammable bubbles of the potent greenhouse gas methane , once sequestered away in permafrost and sea floor , now rise to the icy surface .
This is visual representation of a mostly unseen changes in the chemical and thermal properties of the Arctic ocean .
Methane breaks down into other GHGs causing more warming releasing more methane .
It 's a powerful feedback process already underway .
For decades the subtle changes were mostly noticed by a handful of scientists and indigenous people .
But it 's all connected and growing : those changes now threaten the seasonal blooms of plankton which form the basis of a rich food chain ultimately affecting fisheries and sea life all over the planet .
If a picture is worth a thousand words then Schmidt and Wolfe ’s new book is worth the modest asking price many times over .
The number of breathtaking images and fascinating lessons that can be drawn from them exceed the scope of any review .
Suffice it to say the book is well worth the price for the images alone .
The illustration are clear , text does not run into or overlap them , diagrams are straightforward , and the information that goes along with the pictures is easy to follow for even a casual reader , not to mention completely apolitical .
The latter is not an accident : as the title suggests the authors choose to let the science and pictures make the case for them .
In my opinion they succeed wildly .
Dr. Gavin Schmidt is a senior climate scientist at NASA Goddard Space Science Institute and a founding member of the popular blog Real Climate ; Josh Wolfe is an up and coming young photographer with a longstanding interest in the natural world .
One or both authors may pop in below , time permitting , to respond to a few reader comments .
>
The GDP report last Friday evinces the folly of US government economic statistics and Wall Street consensus analysis .
Most of the Street heralded the 1 % decline in Q2 GDP because it was 0.5 better than consensus – even though the US government admitted in the release that its GDP estimates over the past several years were consistently wrong !
So why should the latest report be any more accurate ?!?!
We feel compelled to address the scheme of ‘ past month lower revisions producing better than expected m / m or q/q results ’ even though the aggregate metric is worse than expected .
We have incessantly noted and commented on this scam but most of the trading & investing universe elides it .
We will again utilize basic math to illustrate the scam .
If Q4 08 GDP was 100 units , and Q1 09 was reported at - 5.5 % and Q2 09 GDP was expected to be - 1.5 % , the expectation was for GDP of 100 units minus 5.5 % or 94.5 units , minus 1.5 % or 93.08 units .
With the revision of Q1 09 GDP to - 6.4 % the Q1 GDP units become 100 minus 6.4 % or 93.6 units .
So Q2 is minus 1 % or 92.664 .
Ergo aggregate GDP was worse than expected !!!!
As we warned , lower imports , a sign of economic weakness , contributed a net 1.4 % to GDP .
Once again beancounters ‘ fooled ’ with inflation to produce higher GDP than warranted .
John Williams :
The relatively narrower quarterly contraction in the second quarter reflected the impact of greater weakness being thrown back into the first quarter , in revision , and the use of artificially reduced inflation .
The implicit price deflator for the second quarter was 0.2 % versus a revised 1.9 % ( was 2.8 % ) in the first quarter .
Last week we complained that despite records in fiscal stimulus , Fed largesse , nationalization and rigging of markets the best that can be said is the pace of economic decline is slowing .
Despite a 10.9 % surge in federal government spending and virtually no inflation adjustment all that beancounters could fabricate ( June data is still incomplete ) is a 1 % ‘ official ’ decline in GDP .
David Rosenberg echoes our observation : Imagine , government transfers to the household sector exploded at a 33 % annual rate , while tax payments imploded at a 33 % annual rate and the best we can do is a - 1.2 % annualized decline in consumer spending in real terms and flat in nominal terms ?
…
In the absence of the fiscal largesse , it is quite conceivable that consumer spending would have shrunk at a 10 % annual rate last quarter ! ”
And , it is not just labour income that is still in deflation mode .
Practically all forms of income are deflating from a year ago — interest income is down 4.5 % , dividend income is down 23.0 % and proprietary income is down 8.0 % .
The only income that is really going up is the income from Uncle Sam , which is up more than 10.0 % and we have reached a point where a record of nearly one - fifth of personal income is being accounted for by paychecks out of Washington …
Even with decades of understated inflation and overstated of GDP , the current economic contraction is the worse since the Great Depression .
The GDP report also shatters the notion that the stock market is omniscient and demonstrates that Wall Street analysis could not discern the worst economic and financial collapse since the Great Recession .
While the US was in recession since at least Q4 2007 , most of the Street did not forecast recession .
Stocks , most notably the DJTA , missed the worst economic downturn since the Great Depression .
As we keep averring , record funny money , lax regulation and smiley - faced fascism has transformed the stock market from a gauge of economic activity into a generator of economic activity .
Pneumonic plague is spread through the air and can be passed from person to person through coughing , according to the World Health Organisation ( WHO ) .
It is triggered by the same bacteria as bubonic plague , which killed an estimated 25 million people in Europe during the Middle Ages .
Ban on private transplants will create fairer system of assigning scarce organs to patients on waiting list
This article is more than 11 years old
This article is more than 11 years old
All private organ transplants are to be banned in the UK to avoid a perception that patients , including those from overseas , can jump the queue for scarce donor organs by paying for treatment .
The government said today that it will take immediate steps to implement the recommendations of an independent report published by Elisabeth Buggins , former chair of the Organ Donation Taskforce .
She recommended banning private organ transplants from 1 October .
The ban will stop foreign patients living outside the UK paying to receive organs donated by British people .
Earlier this year it was revealed the livers of 50 British NHS donors were transplanted into foreign patients over a two - year period , with the bulk of the operations taking place at King 's College hospital and the Royal Free hospital in London .
Of the patients , 40 were from Greece or Cyprus , while the remainder included patients from non-EU countries such as China , Libya and the United Arab Emirates .
Health minister Ann Keen said : " We accept her recommendations and will now take these forward to ensure a UK system that is fair and transparent and one which patients and potential donors can have trust and confidence in . "
Buggins said she had found no evidence of wrongdoing in the way organs were allocated to patients , but that " there is a perception that private payments may unfairly influence access to transplant , so they must be banned . "
She added : " Confidence in the transplant system should increase once money is removed from the equation , decisions are transparent and accountability clear ; confidence we know is necessary if the number of organ donors is to rise to match the best in Europe .
I would encourage everyone to join the organ donor register ; a promise that is quick to make and of such lasting benefit to others . "
The new ban will also apply to people from EU countries being treated as private patients in the UK under financial arrangements between EU governments and individual UK hospitals .
Those contracts will now be agreed on a national basis between the NHS and EU governments , to remove incentives for individual hospitals and surgeons .
The UK government will seek approval from administrations in Scotland , Wales and Northern Ireland to bring in the ban in October .
Buggins also recommended :
• establishing a new implementation group to work with NHS Blood and Transplant , and commissioners of transplantation to monitor referrals from overseas .
• a new liver allocation scheme to build greater transparency into the allocation process .
• developing Department of Health guidance for transplant centres to provide clarification on the eligibility criteria for people from abroad .
Last year , 3,504 organ transplants were carried out in the UK from 1,844 deceased and living donors .
But there are 8,054 people on the active waiting list for a transplant and a further 2,400 who are currently too ill to join the list .
About 1,000 people a year , or three every day , die while waiting .
Anthony Warrens , spokesman for Kidney Research UK , and a professor of renal and transplantation medicine at Imperial College London , said : " This report highlights the desperate shortage of organ donors , especially for kidneys .
" A total 90 % of patients on the waiting list are waiting for a kidney transplant ( 7,000 patients ) and over three million people are at risk of chronic kidney disease . "
As the old saying goes , “ Necessity is the mother of Invention ” .
But not all of us are inventive enough to see an opportunity when challenged .
Imagine , for a moment , you have to visit your grandparents at a remote county , and you suddenly feel bored , not knowing what to do .
Sure enough your granny ’s next - door neighbor suggest , let ’s play a game .
Your passion for Team Fortress would n’t leave you .
But to your dismay , you realize people in this remote county do n’t even use a TV , leave alone an Internet connection .
So what do you do ?
That was the dilemma facing Steam user [ TPG ]
Wade Wilson and his brother , he told Kotaku .
“ So , we decided to use our imaginations for once along with my brother …
We kinda decided to go with the flow and create our own Team Fortress 2 RPG – Dungeons and Dragons style ”
And they decided to create this on a piece of paper , with just a few pencils they could find at their granny’s .
“ We played for around 8 hours when we had to go back home , ” Wilson added , “ and I decided to stay over my cousin ’s house and actually try to develop a full fledged game . ”
Hat ’s off to him and his bro for their creativity .
It is as yet unfinished , but the lads are looking to make a killing …
General Rules :
During character creation , roll 3D6 + 2 for each stat .
That value is the base value of the respective stat .
Your HP is dependent on your class .
Apply bonus additions and subtractions to stats as specified by the Bonus Sheet .
Each class beings with their standard weapon set automatically equipped ( for example , the Scout would have his Scattergun as Primary , Pistol as Secondary and Bat as Melee )
To do a check , roll the D20 .
Add this result to the stat that will be used for the check .
If the total is larger than what the DM determined the requirement to be , the check is successful .
( For example , if you wanted to check if you outran somebody , the result of the D20 + SPD would have to be equal or greater than what the DM required ) .
Rules of Combat :
There is a maximum of 5 party members during any battle .
The order of turns is determined by SPD - whoever has the highest goes first .
The placement of enemy turns is determined by the GM .
A standard attack calculation consists of the DMG stat added to the result of a roll of the D20 .
If the weapon is melee , the calculation involves STR instead of DMG .
If your weapon is on the weapon ruleset sheet , the calculation may differ .
Refer to the sheet for instructions .
Before you roll for attack damage , roll a D12 and add that value to your ACC .
If the total is not equal to or greater than the SPD of the enemy , your attack misses and does 0 damage .
When it is your turn , you may choose to attack with your primary , secondary or melee weapon .
You can also use a skill instead , if you possess any .
The amount of damage taken from enemies is the total damage output of their attack minus half of the players DEF stat .
The means of attack for the enemy is determined by the GM .
If your HP reach 0 , you are incapacitated .
You can only change from this position if an item with a revival effect is used on you .
If you are attacked while incapped , regardless of damage , you will die permanently ( at the discretion of the GM ) .
The amount of EXP required to gain one level is 250 multiplied by your current level .
( For example , at level 3 you would need 750 EXP to rise to level 4 ) .
The amount of experience dealt by monsters is decided by the GM .
Every attack has a chance of being a critical hit ( depending on the weapon ) .
Before damage calculation , roll a D12 .
If it hits 12 , it is considered a critical hit .
Rolling an 11 will also cause a critical hit if the weapon used is melee .
Multiply the damage output by 3 .
The rules and the general idea is looking good .
The style sheets and all the printing materials can be found here .
The project is still in the making , for more information and updates check out the creator ’sblog .
Renewable energy is far more popular with Norwegians than fossil energy production , even with the adoption of carbon capture and storage technology , the results of a new survey show .
According to the TNS Gallup Climate Barometer , renewable energy is the clear winner in a survey which asked Norwegians what their impression of 14 energy sources , eight renewable and six fossil , was .
The eight renewable energy sources top the list .
Natural gas with carbon handling enters the list at ninth place , well behind the least popular renewable energy source , bio energy .
On average , the renewable energy sources score 79 out of 100 points , while coal and gas with CO2 handling only scores 48 points .
Nuclear energy scores 34 points , while coal and gas without CO2 handling only receives 23 points .
And hydro power is most definitely the most popular , with 87 out of 100 points .
“ Fossil energy sources systematically scores lower than renewable energy , even if the CO2 is handled .
The picture is very clear , ” said Daniel Rees , project manager for TNS Gallup ’s Climate Barometer .
ATLANTA , Georgia ( CNN ) -- Boris Kodjoe owns a mansion in Atlanta .
But when he goes to answer his door , the black actor knows what it 's like to be an outcast .
Henry Louis Gates Jr. was arrested last week on a charge of disorderly conduct .
" When I 'm opening the door of my own house , someone will ask me where the man of the house is , implying that I 'm staff , " said Kodjoe , best known for starring in Showtime 's " Soul Food . "
It 's a feeling some African - Americans say is all too common , even to this day in America :
No matter your status or prominence in society , you 're still typecast .
That 's why the recent arrest of Henry Louis Gates Jr. , one of the nation 's most prominent African - American scholars , has stirred outrage and debate .
Jelani Cobb , an author and professor at Spelman College in Atlanta , says it 's troubling on many levels when " one of the most recognizable African - Americans in the country can be arrested in his own home and have to justify being in his own home . "
Watch arrest of a Harvard scholar »
" It 's really kind of unfathomable , " Cobb said .
" If it can happen to him , yeah , it can happen to any of us . "
That 's a sentiment echoed by Jimi Izrael .
" If a mild - mannered , bespectacled Ivy League professor who walks with a cane can be pulled from his own home and arrested on a minor charge , the rest of us do n't stand a chance , " Izrael wrote Tuesday on The Root , an online magazine with commentary from a variety of black perspectives that 's co-founded by Gates .
" We all fit a description .
We are all suspects . "
In an interview with The Root , Gates said he was outraged by the incident and hopes to use the experience as a teaching tool , including a possible PBS special on racial profiling .
" I can't believe that an individual policeman on the Cambridge police force would treat any African - American male this way , and I am astonished that this happened to me ; and more importantly I 'm astonished that it could happen to any citizen of the United States , no matter what their race , " Gates said .
" And I 'm deeply resolved to do and say the right things so that this cannot happen again . "
Voices of black America :
What it 's like being black in America
' Moment of Truth - Black in America 2 ' Harvard professor Henry Louis Gates Jr. will join the countdown to Black in America 2 , in his first TV interview since his run-in with police at his home .
Moment of Truth , live from Times Square .
Tonight , 7 p.m. ET see full schedule »
Gates was arrested last Thursday in broad daylight at his Cambridge , Massachusetts , home for disorderly conduct -- what the arresting officer described as " loud and tumultuous behavior in a public space . "
The charge was dropped Tuesday on the recommendation of police , and the city of Cambridge issued a statement calling the incident " regrettable and unfortunate . "
Gates had just returned from a trip to China when a police officer responded to a call about a potential break - in at his home that was phoned in by a white woman .
According to the police report , Gates was in the foyer when the officer arrived .
The officer asked Gates to " step out onto the porch and speak with me , " the report says .
" [ Gates ] replied , ' No , I will not . '
He then demanded to know who I was .
I told him that I was ' Sgt. Crowley from the Cambridge Police ' and that I was ' investigating a report of a break in progress ' at the residence .
" While I was making this statement , Gates opened the front door and exclaimed , ' Why , because I 'm a black man in America ? ' "
Have race relations improved since the election of President Barack Obama ?
According to the report , Gates initially refused to show the officer his identification , instead asking for the officer 's ID .
But Gates eventually did show the officer his identification that included his home address .
" The police report says I was engaged in loud and tumultuous behavior .
That 's a joke , " Gates told The Root .
" It escalated as follows : I kept saying to him , ' What is your name , and what is your badge number ? ' and he refused to respond .
I asked him three times , and he refused to respond .
And then I said , ' You 're not responding because I 'm a black man , and you 're a white officer . ' "
Known as Skip by friends and colleagues , Gates is the director of the W.E.B. Du Bois Institute for African and African - American Research at Harvard University , and an acclaimed PBS documentarian .
While Gates ' arrest lit up talk radio and blogs , it prompted others to defend the police against charges of racial profiling .
" I 'd be glad if somebody called the police if somebody was breaking into my house , " neighbor Michael Schaffer told CNN affiliate WHDH .
For others , the incident symbolized something more .
Seeing the police mugshot of Gates brought some African - Americans to near tears .
Kim Coleman , a Washington radio host , cultural commentator and blogger , said she grew numb when she saw the mugshot .
" I was not prepared for that , " she said .
" To see one of my heroes in a mugshot was not something that I was expecting .
...
It just tells me we 're not in a post- racial society . "
She said there 's a reason why you do n't hear about prominent white people arrested in their homes : " because it does n't happen . "
It 's time for America to have a long overdue national conversation about race , Coleman said .
" When are we going to have that , " she said .
" When are we really going to sit down and strip down and say , ' This is what I feel about you and this is what you feel about me .
Now , how are we going to get over that ? ' "
Rebecca
Walker , an award - winning author , said the arrest was devastating to scholars , writers , and artists " who work so hard to keep a free flow of information . "
" It seems eerily ironic Mr. Gates was returning from China , where surveillance is so high and freedom of speech and ideas so curtailed , " Walker said .
" To see the mugshot of Skip was a blow to all of us who feel some sense of safety based on our work to try to mend all of these broken fences in America -- to make ourselves into people who refuse to be limited by race and class and gender and everything else . "
" To end up , at the end of the day , treated like a criminal , unjustly stripped of our accomplishments and contributions even if only for a moment , is profoundly disturbing .
We must ask ourselves what it means , and to allow ourselves to face various scenarios regarding power and freedom and how these will intersect in the coming years . "
Last week , President Obama spoke at the 100th anniversary of the NAACP , saying that while minorities have made great strides " the pain of discrimination is still felt in America . "
" Even as we inherit extraordinary progress that cannot be denied ; even as we marvel at the courage and determination of so many plain folks -- we know that too many barriers still remain , " the president said .
Kodjoe , the actor , said Obama " has affected a change in people 's consciousness regarding such issues as racism and prejudice . "
But he said the arrest of Gates underscores that there 's more work ahead .
" I think we 're moving in the right direction .
But no doubt , there still is a lot of work to be done , " Kodjoe said .
" It 's not just a problem here .
It 's a problem worldwide .
Racism is universal . "
Gates said he has a newfound understanding of exactly what that means .
" There 's been a very important symbolic change and that is the election of Barack Obama , " he told The Root .
" But the only black people who truly live in a post- racial world in America all live in a very nice house on 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue . "
All About Harvard University • Cambridge ( Massachusetts )
Buffy Summers ( Kristy Swanson ) has the lifestyle any young woman could want .
Cheerleading , dating the Captain of the basketball team , and copious amounts of time spent shopping with friends .
She had no idea of her true calling until a mysterious man named Merrick ( Donald Sutherland ) approached her and told her that she is the Slayer ; one woman called to defend the world from vampires .
Reluctant to concede to the fact , Buffy soon learns that Merrick speaks the truth and so begins to take her new life seriously while trying to maintain the sense of normality her life had once been .
With her best friends slowly abandoning her , Buffy finds solace in the town outcast , Pike ( Luke Perry ) , who knows very well the terrors that have arisen .
Together , they combat the forces of the old and powerful vampire , Lothos ( Rutger Hauer ) , who has his eyes set on Buffy .
Written by Vampire - Sharpshooter
I ’m going to preface this by pointing out that as I ’m writing , the details surrounding Michael Jackson ’s death are still sketchy .
There have been rumors for some time that he ’d become a heavy drinker .
Several news sites also reported earlier in the year that he was living on biscuits , gravy and painkillers .
So we do n’t know – and may never know – what killed him .
The families and handlers of celebrities are pretty good at keeping those details locked up .
Having said all that , when I first heard of Jackson ’s death , I could n’t help but recall that vegetarian advocacy groups have mentioned him many times over the years as a shining example of the healthy vegetarian lifestyle .
Here ’s a quote from Jackson ’s book Moonwalk , published in 1988 :
“ I ’m a vegetarian now and I ’m so much thinner .
I ’ve been on a strict diet for years .
I feel better than I ever have , healthier and more energetic . ”
I ’m pretty sure we can rule out a lack of exercise as a contributing factor in his death , because Jackson was an incredible dancer .
His concerts were as much athletic events as musical events .
To prepare for his tours , he worked out with Lou Ferrigno , a bodybuilder who once portrayed The Incredible Hulk .
So Jackson was a lean guy who exercised more than most of us , and he apparently did n’t eat meat .
Now he ’s dead at age 50 … my age .
One isolated case does n’t prove anything , of course .
But obviously his vegetarian diet did n’t make him immune to cardiac arrest , if that ’s what killed him .
And if he was abusing alcohol , a diet consisting of vegetarian foods that metabolize easily into blood sugar may have made him crave the stuff , as I talked about during my interview with Nora Gedgaudas .
You will also no doubt recall that Linda McCartney , another famous vegetarian , died of cancer at age 56 .
Again , one isolated example does n’t constitute proof , but it does n’t surprise me when someone who eats a lot of starch – vegetarian or not – develops cancer .
Starches turn to glucose , and glucose feeds cancer cells .
Drip glucose on cancerous tissue in a lab , and it will proliferate like crazy .
Meanwhile , cancer is virtually non-existent among hunter - gatherers .
There ’s a reason cancer , heart disease and Type II diabetes are called “ The Diseases of Civilization . ”
They barely show up in populations that still live on a primal diet .
I have a few friends who are vegetarians .
I would n’t trade my health status with any of them .
One had reconstructive dental surgery because she lost more than 50 percent of the bone tissue in her jaw .
( She ’s a vegan , by the way . )
Another is currently suffering from autoimmune diseases and bone loss in her spine .
Again , I ’m not surprised .
Too much starch can leach calcium from your bones , and grains can cause your intestines to leak proteins into your blood ; when the body attacks those proteins as foreign invaders , it ends up attacking your own tissues as well .
Vegetarian web sites love to point out that vegetarians in general have lower rates of heart disease and cancer .
That may be true .
But vegetarians are also , compared to the rest of the population , more concerned about health .
They are far less likely to smoke or drink 44 - ounce Big Gulps of soda , and they ’re more likely to exercise .
It ’s not avoiding meat that makes them healthier ; it ’s avoiding all the junk so many people put into their bodies .
One of the studies that fueled the notion that avoiding meat was the key to health involved Seventh - Day Adventists , who are strict vegetarians .
The study noted that the Seventh - Day Adventists suffered fewer health problems and lived longer than the average American .
But Seventh - Day Adventists also do n’t smoke , do n’t eat candy , do n’t drink sodas or alcohol , and do n’t do drugs .
So another group of researchers thought to compare them to Mormons , who also avoid those health hazards , but do eat meat .
In fact , they ’ve been described as “ some of the biggest beef - eaters in the world . ”
Guess what ?
The Mormons were even healthier and lived even longer .
So the moral of the story is : do n’t smoke , do n’t do drugs , and do n’t eat junk food .
But a steak is n’t junk food .
Biscuits are junk food .
If you are pregnant in Alabama and you 'd like to birth at home , you have every right to do so .
But do n't expect to do it with the provider of your choice .
Midwifery is illegal in Alabama , as it is in 25 other states .
The 2009 PushSummit in Birmingham this week will address this and much more .
If you are pregnant in Alabama and you ’d like to birth at home , you have every right to do so .
But do n’t expect to do it with the provider of your choice .
Midwifery is illegal in Alabama , as it is in 25 other states .
A birthing woman would be committing a crime by having a midwife – even a certified , licensed midwife – with her .
It is no coincidence , therefore , that The Big Push for Midwives , a national effort to create regulation and licensure for certified professional midwives ( CPMs ) in all fifty states , plus Washington DC and Puerto Rico , is holding their 2nd annual PushSummit in Birmingham , Alabama this week .
The Birmingham Weekly reported this week that advocates from over 13 states will gather in Birmingham to share strategies , both legislative and educational , for how to expand access to out - of - hospital birth and the midwifery model of care around the country .
It ’s particularly timely given the fact that we ’re now talking national level health care reform .
There has never been a more critical time to advocate for expanding women ’s options to access the safe prenatal , childbirth and postnatal care providers of their choice .
According to The Big Push , we could be saving billions of dollars per year in this country if all low - risk , healthy women ( regardless of income level ) were given the option to birth out - of - hospital and with the care provider of their choice .
Steff Hedenkamp of The Big Push has been verging on heroic in her quest to ensure that everyone understands just what ’s at stake .
From her statement in March of this year at the Iowa White House Forum on Health Reform :
Sex .
Abortion .
Parenthood .
Power .
The latest news , delivered straight to your inbox .
SUBSCRIBE
" The Obama Administration could save the country billions of dollars by overhauling the American way of birth , and endorsing the significant value that access to legal and regulated CPMs brings …
The recent Milbank report conservatively estimates savings of $ 2.5 billion dollars a year if the cesarean surgery rate is brought down by 15 % . "
Hedenkamp does not mince words when she explains exactly why American women find themselves attempting to access a health care system that prioritizes power over evidence :
" The only reason why CPMs are not being utilized in all 50 states to their maximum effect is because a special interest lobby – organized medicine – has been fighting them every step of the way , by its own admission , using " hardball tactics " because , again by their own admission , they ca n’t win on the merits .
They ca n’t change the evidence . "
Meanwhile , this week at the PushSummit , the hard core , grassroots work to expand health care access for women in this country continues .
The Alabama Birth Coalition , one of the co-sponsors of the PushSummit ( along with the Alabama Midwives Alliance ) , will benefit from a concert this evening ( ‘ Free the Midwives ! ’ ) that will kick off the Summit .
The local show will raise funds to help support the passage of a 2010 Alabama state legislature bill to legalize CPMs , as well as to defray costs associated with the conference .
The PushSummit runs from July 12 – 15th .
We ’re hoping to receive some updates from folks at the conference so check back for more !
• Keith Hackett to apologise for decision to dismiss Wenger • Lee Probert totally failed to manage the situation , says Bevan
Arsenal 's manager Arsène Wenger can expect an apology from the Premier League referees chief , Keith Hackett , following his dismissal amid farcical scenes during the closing seconds of the Gunners ' 2 –1 defeat to Manchester United .
The League Managers Association chief executive , Richard Bevan , has spoken to Hackett about the incident which saw Wenger sent to the stands by the referee Mike Dean on the advice of his fourth official , Lee Probert .
He has been told that Wenger will receive an apology from the Professional Game Match Officials Board , which appoints officials to top - flight games in England .
" Although [ the decision was ] correct in law , it was completely out of context in the game and it was followed by the nonsense which followed over where Wenger should sit , " said Bevan .
" I 've spoken to Keith Hackett and he fully recognises the situation was an error and an apology will follow to Arsène Wenger .
Lee Probert totally failed to manage the situation and created a needless pressure point , taking the focus away from the pitch in a big event with only a minute to go . "
The Arsenal manager caught Probert 's attention when he kicked an empty water bottle down the touchline following a last - minute equaliser that was disallowed for the visitors .
There was then confusion as Wenger seemed unaware of where he was supposed to go – moving first to the back of the Arsenal dugout then starting to walk down the touchline as the whistle was blown .
Researchers have created the tiniest laser since its invention nearly 50 years ago , paving the way for a host of innovations , including superfast computers that use light instead of electrons to process information , advanced sensors and imaging .
Because the new device , called a " spaser , " is the first of its kind to emit visible light , it represents a critical component for possible future technologies based on " nanophotonic " circuitry , said Vladimir Shalaev , the Robert and Anne Burnett Professor of Electrical and Computer Engineering at Purdue University .
Such circuits will require a laser - light source , but current lasers can't be made small enough to integrate them into electronic chips .
Now researchers have overcome this obstacle , harnessing clouds of electrons called " surface plasmons , " instead of the photons that make up light , to create the tiny spasers .
Findings are detailed in a paper appearing online in the journal Nature , reporting on work conducted by researchers at Purdue , Norfolk State University and Cornell University .
Nanophotonics may usher in a host of radical advances , including powerful " hyperlenses " resulting in sensors and microscopes 10 times more powerful than today 's and able to see objects as small as DNA ; computers and consumer electronics that use light instead of electronic signals to process information ; and more efficient solar collectors .
" Here , we have demonstrated the feasibility of the most critical component - the nanolaser - essential for nanophotonics to become a practical technology , " Shalaev said .
advertisement
The " spaser - based nanolasers " created in the research were spheres 44 nanometers , or billionths of a meter , in diameter - more than 1 million could fit inside a red blood cell .
The spheres were fabricated at Cornell , with Norfolk State and Purdue performing the optical characterization needed to determine whether the devices behave as lasers .
The findings confirm work by physicists David Bergman at Tel Aviv University and Mark Stockman at Georgia State University , who first proposed the spaser concept in 2003 .
" This work represents an important milestone that may prove to be the start of a revolution in nanophotonics , with applications in imaging and sensing at a scale that is much smaller than the wavelength of visible light , " said Timothy D. Sands , the Mary Jo and Robert L. Kirk Director of the Birck Nanotechnology Center in Purdue 's Discovery Park .
The spasers contain a gold core surrounded by a glasslike shell filled with green dye .
When a light was shined on the spheres , plasmons generated by the gold core were amplified by the dye .
The plasmons were then converted to photons of visible light , which was emitted as a laser .
Spaser stands for surface plasmon amplification by stimulated emission of radiation .
To act like lasers , they require a " feedback system " that causes the surface plasmons to oscillate back and forth so that they gain power and can be emitted as light .
Conventional lasers are limited in how small they can be made because this feedback component for photons , called an optical resonator , must be at least half the size of the wavelength of laser light .
advertisement
The researchers , however , have overcome this hurdle by using not photons but surface plasmons , which enabled them to create a resonator 44 nanometers in diameter , or less than one - tenth the size of the 530 - nanometer wavelength emitted by the spaser .
" It 's fitting that we have realized a breakthrough in laser technology as we are getting ready to celebrate the 50th anniversary of the invention of the laser , " Shalaev said .
The first working laser was demonstrated in 1960 .
The research was conducted by Norfolk State researchers Mikhail A. Noginov , Guohua Zhu and Akeisha M. Belgrave ; Purdue researchers Reuben M. Bakker , Shalaev and Evgenii E. Narimanov ; and Cornell researchers Samantha Stout , Erik Herz , Teeraporn Suteewong and Ulrich B. Wiesner .
Future work may involve creating a spaser - based nanolaser that uses an electrical source instead of a light source , which would make them more practical for computer and electronics applications .
The work was funded by the National Science Foundation and U.S. Army Research Office and is affiliated with the Birck Nanotechnology Center , the Center for Materials Research at Norfolk State , and Cornell 's Materials Science and Engineering Department .
Troy McKinney was sitting in his truck outside the Decatur Livestock Market when he got a call about four heifers gone missing from a ranch in Hunt County .
He sighed , spit a wad of chewing tobacco into a Styrofoam cup , and took out a notebook and a pen .
“ How much did them heifers weigh ? ” he asked the rancher .
“ Any kind of markings on ‘ em ?
You got any suspects ?
You made anyone mad or anything lately ? ”
News of another cattle theft was the last thing McKinney wanted to hear .
The livestock theft investigator for several north Texas counties was already knee - deep in nine other cattle - rustling cases .
Cattle rustling , a crime as old as the Old West , is making a comeback .
There are no national statistics , but Rick Wahlert of the International Livestock Identification Assn. said most of his organization ’s 27 member states had reported a rise in missing or stolen cattle .
Advertisement
In Texas , home to a $ 6.3 - billion beef industry , more than 6,400 head of cattle were stolen in 2008 , nearly three times as many as in 2007 , according to the Texas and Southwestern Cattle Raisers Assn .
The trade group says the numbers are on track to rise again this year , driven in part by the recession .
A fat heifer or well - muscled steer can fetch up to $ 700 at auction .
And unlike a stolen car or television , which often ca n’t be resold at market value , an animal will reap what it ’s actually worth .
McKinney , who has a wide , ruddy face and graying blond hair , is part cowboy , part detective .
He and the state ’s 28 other livestock theft investigators know their way around a rodeo as well as they know the penal code .
Technically , they are members of Texas ’ most elite law enforcement agency , the Texas Rangers .
But mostly they report to higher - ups at the Cattle Raisers Assn .
The Ranger badge , a shiny silver pin emblazoned with a lone star and a longhorn , is one of the hardest to come by in Texas .
Every morning , unless he ’s going undercover , McKinney affixes it to the breast pocket of his crisp Western shirt .
He puts on a white cowboy hat ( the good guys always wear white , he explains ) and straps a Colt .45 pistol on his right hip and an iPhone on his left .
Advertisement
From morning until night , McKinney crisscrosses northeast Texas in his silver Chevy , examining crime scenes , interrogating witnesses and searching for stolen livestock at cattle auctions .
In his truck he keeps binoculars , rope , two containers of Red Seal smokeless tobacco and a box of Winchester bullets .
McKinney ’s major case at the moment involves 122 prime black Angus cattle worth more than $ 100,000 that disappeared from Supreme Farms just outside Denton -- along with nine saddles .
The cows started vanishing about a year ago , but it was months before anybody noticed because the ranch does n’t do regular head counts .
The ranch bookkeeper , Al Croix , told McKinney he thought the culprit was a guy named Marty Kays , 34 , the son of one of the ranch hands .
As a young man , Kays had earned the nickname “ Cowboy ” because of his superior calf - roping skills .
Luckily for McKinney , the cattle were branded , so he searched a database of the state ’s 100,000 registered brands .
He found that cattle bearing the Supreme Farm brand ( the letters JS over a small U ) had been sold at sale barns in four towns -- without the owner ’s consent .
Advertisement
Next , McKinney went to the auctions to collect sales receipts .
Many of these , he said , identified the seller as Marty Kays .
McKinney went to the sheriff ’s office to talk to investigator Larry Kish ( who , it turned out , was working on a case in which Kays was a witness ) .
They brought Kays in for questioning .
“ After a little hemming and hawing , he confessed , ” McKinney said .
He said Kays told the investigators he had used the ranch ’s own pickup and livestock trailer to steal the cows .
According to McKinney , Kays blamed the theft on drug addiction .
In 2003 and 2007 , Kays did time in the state penitentiary for drug possession .
The ranger had little sympathy .
Thieves , McKinney said , “ disgrace the cowboy name . ”
Advertisement
“ They ’re half cowboys , so they know how to talk the talk and walk the walk and all that stuff .
And they know how to work cattle and load ‘ em up , ” he said .
“ But a true cowboy would n’t steal . ”
McKinney learned the cowboy life on his father ’s farm in west Texas , tending to cattle , doing branding , vaccinations and castrations .
At 46 , he still does team roping at rodeos .
In 1987 , McKinney joined the Nolan County Sheriff ’s Department .
Ten years later , after stints at two other sheriff ’s departments , he was nominated to become the cattle rustling investigator for the Texas Rangers .
He was thrilled .
“ I never was much of a ticket writer and I never liked working accidents , ” McKinney said .
“ I like messing with livestock . ”
Advertisement
Most cases of cattle rustling are straightforward :
A thief backs a trailer onto someone else ’s property in the dead of night , lures the animals inside and speeds away .
Other times , it ’s large - scale fraud .
In 2001 , McKinney helped nab Robert Leach , a Denton man convicted of running a cattle - rustling scheme that netted nearly $ 2 million .
A Corpus Christi rancher had paid Leach to provide pasture and care for his 750 head of cattle in Denton .
Leach took out a mortgage on the cattle and then sold them at local auctions .
Back at the weekly auction in Decatur , McKinney finished his phone call with the Hunt County rancher .
He promised that he ’d keep an eye out for the four missing heifers and head out to do an investigation someday soon .
Then he stepped into the 100 - degree Texas heat and climbed onto the rusty iron catwalk above the animal pens to inspect the livestock .
“ Down here we ’ve got some good - looking Angus , Brangus , Longhorn , Charolais , ” he said , talking over the mournful chorus of moos from below .
Periodically , a whip connected with an animal ’s haunches with a loud snap .
Advertisement
Inside the auction , past a sign reading , “ Help the beef business . . . run over a chicken , ” about 100 men sat in an amphitheater facing a pen .
McKinney , who comes here to look for stolen cattle , took a seat near the exit and watched the drama unfold .
Every few moments , a cow or steer was herded in and prodded with a metal rod by a young man standing behind a metal shield .
The animal jerked around , wild - eyed , as the auctioneer sang its praises .
If the men liked what they saw , they raised white markers to bid .
About 1,600 head are sold each Monday at the Decatur market .
That ’s a lot of cattle changing hands and , from McKinney ’s perspective , a lot of potential for mischief .
After leaving Decatur , McKinney drove east .
He passed miles of graceful Bermuda grass hills , dotted with clusters of oaks and aspens , and the remains of an armadillo that had been run over on the road .
As he neared Denton , housing subdivisions and strip malls started appearing .
Advertisement
“ All the ranch country and farming country is getting swallowed up , ” he said .
“ This used to be hayfields and corn , and now it ’s all rooftops . ”
McKinney blames urbanization for some of the rise in cattle rustling .
Many people who maintain ranches have moved into the city and are n’t able to check on the cattle often .
And cattle rustlers are getting smarter , McKinney said .
He ’s heard of ranch hands who give cattle “ hair brands ” -- which sear the animal ’s hair but not its hide -- so that the cows will be unidentifiable once the hair grows back .
Texas does not require livestock to be branded , and ranchers often wait until their calves are older to brand , McKinney said .
That makes his job tough .
Advertisement
After stopping at a barbecue joint for a sausage sandwich , McKinney arrived at Denton County sheriff ’s headquarters for an update on the Marty Kays case .
He took a seat in Kish ’s office , a small room with mercifully cool air conditioning , and the investigator told him that the district attorney had decided to charge Kays with a second - degree felony , which carries a sentence of two to 20 years in prison upon conviction .
( Formal charges are pending , and Kays could not be reached for comment Monday . )
McKinney said he was glad .
But he was disappointed as well , because it was probably too late to track down the cattle .
“ We may have already eaten them at McDonald ’s , ” he said .
Kish , a self - proclaimed city boy , said that if anybody could find the livestock , it was McKinney .
Advertisement
“ I know a cow moos and has four legs and that ’s about it , ” he said .
“ I depend on people like Troy . ”
McKinney brings to each case a healthy dose of ranch wisdom .
He once took a calf , believed stolen , and brought it to a cow .
When the calf began to suckle , McKinney knew he had cracked the case .
“ If you bring that calf to its momma and she lets it nurse , well , we done got ‘ em . ”
--
Advertisement
kate.linthicum@latimes.com
After the new X - based graphical boot splash introduced a couple of days ago , Canonical unveiled today what it was only a mockup a few months ago , the Ubuntu Software Store ( previously known as Ubuntu AppCenter ) , a piece of software that would unify all the existing package managers in the Ubuntu operating system .
At the moment , the Ubuntu Software Store is not installed by default in the current development release of the upcoming Ubuntu 9.10 ( Karmic Koala ) distribution , but it can be easily installed by searching " software - store " in Synaptic .
The goal of the new Ubuntu Software Store application is to replace many system - administration programs , such as Synaptic Package Manager , Add / Remove , GDebi , Computer Janitor and even the popular Update Manager tool , in order to offer to both the new and experienced Ubuntu users an easier and more intuitive way to search , install , update or remove applications .
However , even if the Ubuntu Software Store will be available in Ubuntu 9.10 ( Karmic Koala ) , it will NOT replace the aforementioned applications , as the users are still used to them and because the Ubuntu Software Store is still in development !
Below , you can see a screenshot tour of Ubuntu Software Store , showing menu entries , navigation , search capabilities , and more ...
Even if , at the moment , you can only search , install and remove applications , in the near future , Ubuntu Software Store will have the following features :
· search software ; · search software sources ; · retrieve information about software ; · install software ; · software overviews ; · software screenshots ; · user reviews ; · user ratings ; · user friendly ; · Ubuntu upgrades ; · Ubuntu updates ; · buy software ; · install Windows applications ; · install fonts ; · install screensavers .
... and many more !
In conclusion , we , here at the Softpedia Labs , think that Ubuntu Software Store is and will be a great piece of software for the future of the Ubuntu operating system .
Having a single piece of software for all the package management tasks , and not four or five different applications , like we have now , is more than welcome and it will bring lots of new users to the open - source world !
Learn to code or level up with RailsBridge !
RailsBridge workshops are a free and fun way to get started or level up with Rails , Ruby , and other web technologies .
Our events focus on increasing diversity in tech , so that people of all backgrounds can feel welcome and comfortable in our industry .
SAN FRANCISCO ( Reuters ) -
The attorney representing two same - sex couples who were denied a right to wed in California said on Thursday he expected the case to end up before the U.S. Supreme Court , which has yet to hear a case on the gay marriage issue .
“ When it does get to the United States Supreme Court , we expect to win , ” Theodore Olson , who was solicitor general under former President George W. Bush , told reporters after the first hearing on federal lawsuit that was filed in May .
A high court ruling potentially could trump state laws prohibiting same - sex unions .
Five out of 50 U.S. states have legalized gay marriage , which opponents view as a threat to what they view as the traditional family .
U.S. District Judge Vaughn
Walker used the preliminary hearing scheduled in the case to urge both parties to move to trial as swiftly as possible .
Walker similarly predicted the closely watched proceedings in his courtroom were “ only a prelude to what happens later . ”
“ I ’m reasonably sure given the issues involved and the personalities in this courtroom this case is only touching down in this court , ” Walker said .
“ It will have a life after this court . ”
The battle over gay marriage has been especially arduous in California , which has historically stood at the forefront of changing social mores .
The federal lawsuit that claims California denies gays their constitutional right to marry was filed days before the state ’s top court backed a ban on gay marriage .
Proposition 8 , a state constitutional amendment that limits marriage to man-and - woman couples , was passed by voters in November .
In May 2008 , California ’s Supreme Court struck down a state law barring same - sex marriage , leading 18,000 same - sex couples to marry .
Those marriages remain valid , the same court ruled in May , even as it upheld the voter - backed ban on gay marriage .
In taking the case , Olson joined with former opponent David Boies , a lawyer who represented Vice President Al Gore in the 2000 election vote recount leading to Bush ’s presidency .
The foreign secretary , David Miliband , told MPs today that he will not allow the public to see the secret interrogation policy that is at the heart of allegations that MI5 has been colluding in the torture of British citizens .
Gordon Brown has ordered that the policy be rewritten after a series of people complained that they had been questioned by British intelligence officers after being asked the same questions under torture by Pakistani and Bangladeshi intelligence officers .
Brown has also pledged that the policy would be made public .
However , Miliband told MPs on the Commons foreign affairs select committee today that he has no intention of making public the policy as it currently stands , because of the risk of prejudicing a number of on - going court cases .
Pressed further , he said that the currently policy would not be published even once those court cases have concluded , as to do so would " lend succour to our enemies " .
He added that the policy had been reviewed by the Intelligence and Security Committee , the group of MPs and peers who are supposed to oversee the activities of Britain 's intelligence agencies , and that the ISC was able to " square the circle between secrecy and accountability " .
The ISC sits in secret , its members and its reports to the prime minister are published after being censored in consultation with the agencies themselves .
Asked about the morality of receiving intelligence that has been extracted through torture , Miliband told the committee : " We would never procure intelligence , or procure evidence through torture .
We would never say to another intelligence agency ' Please get us information about X ' and , you know , abandon our legal and ethical commitments in respect of how you find that . "
Evidence heard in court has contradicted that , however .
Last September Manchester Crown Court heard how MI5 and Greater Manchester Police drew up a list of questions for use by a notorious Pakistani intelligence agency which was unlawfully detaining Rangzieb Ahmed , a man from Rochdale .
By the time Ahmed was deported to Britain 13 months later three of his fingernails were missing .
Furthermore , civil proceedings brought on behalf of Binyam Mohamed , a British resident who was freed from Guantánamo earlier this year , has resulted in the disclosure of the questions that MI5 asked be put to him , despite knowing that he had been tortured in Pakistan and having reason to believe he was being tortured after being rendered elsewhere .
Miliband admitted that the the co-operation between MI5 and MI6 with foreign security and intelligence agencies during counter terrorism operations could risk detainees being mistreated .
" It is not possible to eradicate the risk of mistreatment .
A judgment needs to be made " , he said in a letter to the committee .
" We can not act in isolation in order to protect British citizens . "
He acknowledged that some countries had " different legal obligations and different standards to our own in the way they detain people and treat those they have detained " .
He added that this " cannot stop us from working with them " .
As well as allegations of collusion in torture in Pakistan , where British intelligence officers have questioned people being held by agencies whose use of torture is widely documented , there have been allegations of complicity in the torture of British citizens detained in Bangladesh , Egypt and the United Arab Emirates .
Miliband refused to answer questions from the committee yesterday about allegations that MI5 officers had put the same questions to detainees that had earlier been put , under torture , by foreign intelligence officers , claiming that to do so may prejudice ongoing court cases .
The only cases currently before the courts are those in which the British government and its intelligence agencies are being sued for damages by the alleged victims of torture .
Referring to the secret interrogation policy , Miliband did tell the committee : " Before 2004 the guidance was informal , after 2004 it was more formal .
It is now comprehensive , including comprehensive legal advice to all officers . "
He also said the interrogation policy would be made available to defence lawyers representing terrorist trial defendants who allege that they were tortured by foreign agents , and then questioned by British intelligence officers , before being deported to the UK and prosecuted .
" Surely , it is founding principle of our legal system : defending counsel can call for whatever papers they want , " he said .
" Defence counsel having these papers is n't the same as putting them on the internet . "
Ed Davey , the Lib Dem shadow spokesman of foreign affairs , said that British intelligence officers had been given " inadequate " guidance on their obligations while interrogating detainees held overseas .
OF THE merchant families that dominate Saudi capitalism , few are as respected as the Gosaibis , a “ blue - chip ” clan which could borrow on the strength of its name alone .
It was , therefore , a shock when in May parts of the family conglomerate , Ahmad Hamad Algosaibi & Brothers Company ( AHAB ) , defaulted , prompting lawsuits in various countries .
But on July 15th the shock turned to astonishment .
In documents filed in New York 's state Supreme Court and seen by The Economist , AHAB claims that it has been the victim of a “ massive fraud ” orchestrated for years by Maan al - Sanea , a Saudi billionaire who is married to a daughter of one of AHAB 's founders .
The company says Mr Sanea “ misappropriated ” around $ 10 billion in the alleged swindle .
Mr Sanea has his own business , the Saad Group , a vast investment company once reckoned to hold over $ 30 billion of assets worldwide , including the second biggest stake in HSBC .
He also used to work for the Gosaibis and , besides having married into their family , he freely admits he has “ long had personal relations with the partners of AHAB ” .
But he insists that the business ties between his Saad group and AHAB are now on an “ arm 's length commercial basis . ”
However , AHAB claims that Mr Sanea was until very recently a “ senior executive ” of its financial - services arm , the Money Exchange , which chiefly handles remittances by workers inside and outside Saudi Arabia .
It says Mr Sanea made use of this position to borrow from banks “ using forged or falsified documents ” .
He then “ diverted the funds received to his own use . ”
AHAB has made these allegations in response to a lawsuit filed against it in New York by Mashreqbank , a lender based in the United Arab Emirates which was one of the first banks to admit openly to having an exposure to AHAB .
Mashreqbank is going to court over a foreign - exchange deal on which it claims AHAB defaulted .
It wired $ 150 m to an AHAB account on April 28th and says it was due to receive 564.3 m
Saudi riyals a week later in return .
But AHAB failed to pay .
In its court document of July 15th AHAB responds that it knew nothing about this currency deal until the New York court sought to attach its assets over Mashreqbank 's claim .
Having looked into the matter further , AHAB now says the transaction was one of many organised by Mr Sanea with “ a variety of financial institutions in the United States , the Middle East , and elsewhere ” , while keeping them off the books to conceal them from AHAB 's partners and directors .
It says that Mashreqbank alone entered into 52 such deals , totalling $ 4.7 billion , between January 1st 2008 and May 1st 2009 .
AHAB claims that having these huge amounts of cash constantly sloshing around in the Money Exchange 's accounts allowed Mr Sanea to siphon off some of it by , among other things , writing fraudulent cheques , and transferring cash to people , companies and accounts that he “ controlled directly or indirectly ” .
It says Mr Sanea told AHAB employees not to record the transactions in the company 's books and in July 2006 , it alleges , he sent a memo to senior employees of the Money Exchange telling them to withhold any messages intended for the board of directors and “ to deliver those communications to him instead ” .
AHAB says Mr Sanea 's manoeuvres allowed him “ to continue looting AHAB and to conceal the massive scope of his thievery from AHAB and its Board ” .
AHAB does not accuse Mashreqbank or the other banks that engaged in the currency deals of knowingly participating in the fraud it alleges .
However it does claim that in the $ 150 m transaction at the centre of the court case , Mashreqbank stood to enjoy a “ grossly inflated profit margin ” .
And it argues that the transaction “ had no legitimate commercial purpose which would have been obvious to both parties in the transaction . ”
It says almost all the other transactions involving Mashreqbank likewise gave it a substantial profit .
Mashreqbank 's spokesman said on Friday that it felt unable to comment on the matter until it had consulted its lawyers .
A spokesman for Mr Sanea 's Saad group , asked to comment on AHAB 's accusations , said , “ We have not seen or been served with this claim , although it appears from press reports to be a repetition of claims previously presented extensively to the press and elsewhere and which are baseless .
If we are served with such a claim , we will respond to it vigorously through specialist counsel , confident in both the true facts and the judicial process . ”
Last week when The Economist put similar allegations to Mr Sanea 's lawyers , they described them as “ scurrilous and utterly untrue ” .
Although their scale is spectacular , the nature of the allegations will not come as a complete surprise to some bankers in the Middle East .
The Gosaibis had previously said that they had found evidence of “ substantial financial irregularities ” in their financial - services arm .
And in a confidential creditors ' meeting in Bahrain on June 24th the group disclosed the scale of the problem , according to sources familiar with the matter .
They say it left creditors in little doubt about whom it suspected as the author of its misfortunes .
But to make this complaint in black and white , in a New York court document , is an extraordinary twist .
Family businesses in the Gulf traditionally settle their disagreements behind closed doors , judging that “ the preservation of the family reputation is of paramount importance , ” as a banker in the region puts it .
In this case , more is at stake .
The Algosaibi group owes more than $ 9 billion to more than 120 banks all over the world .
The uncertainty over its finances is making some of them wonder if it is worth lending to Saudi Arabia at all .
The group 's creditors had hoped that the Saudi monarchy would step in to broker a truce between Mr Sanea and his aggrieved in - laws .
Instead , an internecine family feud in a normally secretive kingdom will now be pursued in the open through the American courts .
Like Ahab 's harpoon in “ Moby Dick ” , the allegations that AHAB has fired off may drag Saudi Arabia 's financial reputation into the vortex .
Sen . Richard Burr , Republican of North Carolina , with some surprising words :
We ’re leaving to an elected official the ability at any point now , five years from now ten years from now , to write the rules on mandates in a way the private sector could n’t compete with the government option , that ’s just not a smart thing for the congress to do .
It ’s ok if you want to have a government option but you ’ve got to leave the private sector private .
Clearly , Richard Burr is n't the second coming of Howard Dean , but it is interesting that he 's not hung up on the prospect of a public option .
Rather , his concern has to do with mandates placed on the private sector , presumably through the health insurance exchange mechanism .
If there is a health care reform bill containing a mandate to buy private insurance ( i.e. , no public option ) , expect these sorts of complaints to mount : once you are required by law to purchase insurance from a private insurer ( even if co-ops are among the private options ) , they will do anything in their power to raise prices and reduce the quality .
However , if there were a public option -- a notion Burr seems open to entertaining -- there would be an escape valve for customers who are n't being well - served by private companies .
Given that the last thing health insurance execs want is competition of that sort , expect there to be pressure on Burr to " clarify " his position shortly .
News , views and top stories in your inbox .
Do n't miss our must - read newsletter Sign up Thank you for subscribing
We have more newsletters
Show me See our privacy notice Invalid Email
Cowering behind bars in secret breeding farms ... these are the monkeys trapped in China 's cruel plan to become the world 's biggest exporter of chimps for scientific tests .
One farm nearing completion will be able to hold 50,000 monkeys - making it the largest in the world .
Thousands of these frightened creatures are heading for the UK , victims of a booming global demand from pharmaceutical and cosmetic companies for animals to use in tests .
Figures released last week reveal that the number of live tests on monkeys in Britain soared by 16 per cent to 4,598 in the past year .
And yesterday animals rights groups blasted the increasing use of chimps for testing in the UK and called on politicians here to end the cruel trade .
Andrew Tyler , of Animal Aid , said : " Testing on monkeys is a savage , ugly and pointless business .
If the public were to see what is happening to these poor monkeys during tests they would be horrified . "
The Sunday Mirror uncovered disturbing images inside the monkey farms after visiting the Conghua area of Guangzhou province in China .
Home to more than 40 farms , chimps arrive here from Cambodia and are bred to be sold across the globe .
Obscured by hills and notoriously secretive , the chimp camps are hidden away from the world .
But our investigators - posing as businessman looking to help supply monkeys to the UK for testing - were able to get access to some of the farms .
Inside , monkeys were packed tight into cages .
Mothers clutched their babies in the sterile prisons awaiting the journey to the labs of Europe , America and the Far East where they will be tortured in the name of science .
Most of the monkeys fetch about £ 1,000 each .
But cruel farm managers spend as little as 20 p a day caring for them .
China 's market in exporting chimps - sought after by companies to test on because they are the closest animal to man - is now worth an estimated £ 150 million a year .
Around 90,000 monkeys were used in tests in labs across the world last year , and the vast majority were from Chinese farms .
One farm currently being built by the Guangzhou Blooming Spring Biological Technology Development
Co is hidden in the countryside and invisible from any main road .
Cages are concealed in a pink - tiled compound over a kilometre in length and are surrounded by a 12ft guarded wall .
On arriving at the farm a supervisor boasted to our investigators : " We have bought that hillside and soon it will be covered in cages .
We already have feeding facilities for 50,000 . "
In the farm 's laboratory - where scientists test monkeys for diseases petrified chimps , many carrying babies , are locked behind steel doors and let out high - pitched screams as they are tested .
At another camp , the Huazhen Laboratory Center , a manager explained how the UK is now becoming an increasingly important market for Chinese monkey farm owners to crack .
Laboratory manager Mr Huazhen said : " I have already visited animal laboratories at Huntington , Oxford .
I have no doubt in my mind China will soon be the most important exporter of monkeys in the world . "
EXPERIMENTS IN BRITAIN IN 2008
Scientists carried out 3.7 million experiments on live animals in Britain last year - the highest number for two decades .
As well as the 4,598 experiments on monkeys they included :
2.4 million on mice
605,000 on fish
355,000 on rats
123,000 on birds
17,000 on rabbits
9,000 on horses and donkeys
360 on cats
Last Friday , Apple released their new OS version : Snow Leopard .
Upgrading to SL is very easy and even gives you back quite a lot of HD space .
However a few things have changed in the OS and you need to understand what is going on so you wo n’t get frustrated with the updating process and wo n’t be wasting time fighting with the system .
The key change for us Ruby developers , is the fact that , in Snow Leopard , all the interpreted languages ( including Ruby ) are now running in 64 - bit by default ( obviously , only if you have a 64 - bit machine ) .
For pure Ruby applications and libraries this should n’t pose any problems .
But if you are migrating from a Leopard environment where you compiled C extensions for 32 - bit only , these gems wo n’t properly load in Snow Leopard .
Same thing goes for libraries you might have compiled in 32 - bit mode and that you might want to use on your migrated system .
Something else you need to know : Snow Leopard now comes bundled with Ruby 1.8.7 instead of 1.8.6 .
This should not be a problem since Rails has been running on Ruby 1.8.7 for a long time and Rails 3 will require Ruby 1.8.7 and prefer Ruby 1.9.2 .
Here is a quick rundown of common tasks you might have to do to migrate properly .
On the Snow Leopard DVD , under “ Optional Installs ” , install “ Xcode.mpkg ” .
Use all default options .
Passenger
$ sudo gem install -r passenger $ sudo passenger - install - apache2 - module Press Enter when prompted .
Passenger will compile and install its Apache module .
Press Enter when prompted the second time too .
$ cd /etc/ apache2
Open httpd.conf in your text editor ( if you use TextMate , try running mate httpd.conf from the command line ) and look for a line like “ LoadModule passenger_module ” and some lines following that have “ passenger ” in them too .
Delete them .
If you do n’t see them them , move your cursor to the end of the file .
Then insert these lines :
LoadModule passenger_module / Library / Ruby / Gems/1.8/gems/passenger-2.2.4/ext/apache2/mod_passenger.so PassengerRoot / Library / Ruby / Gems/1.8/gems/passenger-2.2.4 PassengerRuby / System / Library / Frameworks/Ruby.framework/Versions/1.8/usr/bin/ruby
MySQL
To avoid weird issues with MySQL , it ’s strongly recommended to upgrade to the 64 - bit version .
Start by shutting down mysqld if it ’s running .
( Depending on how you installed MySQL , you might be able to use the preference panel , or use sudo / opt/ local / share / mysql5/mysql/mysql.server stop if you installed it using MacPorts )
Now install the Mac OS X 10.5 ( x86_64 ) version of mysql from here
When the disk image opens , first install “ mysql -5.1.37-osx10.5-x86_64.pkg ” .
Use all default options .
Next install “ MySQLStartupItem.pkg ” .
Use all default options .
Next install “ MySQL.prefPane ” .
Double - click to install it .
Choose to replace the existing preference pane when prompted .
( Apparently the preference pane is still 32 - bit . )
At this point you can click “ Start MySQL Server ” to start the server and verify it works .
Unmount the MySQL disk image .
Since you are upgrading from Leopard , your mysql gem is compiled for 32 - bit only and therefore needs to be recompiled .
However , it ’s not that simple , the mysql gem is a bit of an exception .
Under Snow Leopard when you do a gem install for a C extension it tries to build the extension for two architectures : i386 ( 32 - bit ) as well as x86_64 ( 64 - bit ) .
The problem is that the binary from mysql.com is not universal and therefore we need to force the C extension to be only compiled in 64 - bit .
$ sudo env ARCHFLAGS= " - arch x86_64 " gem install mysql -- --with-mysql-config=/usr/local/mysql/bin/mysql_config
note :
You should n’t have to set the ARCHFLAGS to compile any other gems .
MacPorts
You should be all set .
However , if you are relying on any libraries you compiled on Leopard , you probably will have to recompile them .
MacPorts users should n’t think that it will be automatically done for them .
You have different options to upgrade your ports .
The easiest way is to upgrade MacPorts :
$ sudo port selfupdate $ sudo port sync $ sudo port upgrade -- force installed
Other native gems
Check this script to get a precise list of gems requiring to be reinstalled and some help with the upgrade process .
Basically , you just need to reinstall the few gems using C extensions .
August 01 , 2009 News Corp
( Nicole : ) Leave it to Fox News to try to spin the sad news that more coalition soldiers have died this month than in any other month since June 2008 into another " It 's all Obama 's fault " story .
Not that Obama does n't need to accept some responsibility for the coalition 's continued presence , do n't get me wrong .
But who put them there in the first place ?
Who never had a strategy there ?
I 'm against our continued presence in Afghanistan , but I understand the Colin Powell / Pottery Barn mentality of " you broke it , you own it , " most recently voiced by Tom " Friedman Unit " Friedman .
But is there anyone more disgusting to bring on than Col. Ralph Peters to discuss our troops ' safety ?
The same man who suggested that the Taliban killing a captured American soldier would be the most expedient solution dares to advocate on behalf of the troops from President Obama ?
Reprehensible .
Goofs
When Slevin and Lindsay are in bed discussing the different James Bonds , Slevin 's arm is underneath Lindsay , her arm is across his chest and they are facing each other .
After she says , " Well , on that we agree , " suddenly Nick is laying flat and looking up , her arm is not on him , and he is touching his necklace .
Then the camera angle changes back , they are facing each other again , but her arm is not across his chest .
Just after she says " Scotland forever , " the camera angle changes again , and suddenly Slevin 's arm is not under her .
See more
Drag queen " Ray " was enraged when a late - night customer on Toronto 's downtown track offered him $ 5 for oral sex recently .
" I did n't spend two hours getting my makeup on and all dressed up for that , " says the 36 - year - old former hairdresser from Venezuela , who usually charges $ 60 for the service .
These days , Ray is getting little more than callouses from standing all night near Jarvis and Wellesley , as the economic slump delivers an unexpected hit to the sex trade .
The vices – smoking , drinking , sex – are usually bulletproof during a recession , says economist Perry Sadorsky , who teaches at York University 's Schulich School of Business .
So if the sex trade is hurting , " we are in the most serious depression since the 1930s .
This shows the magnitude of the decline .
It is deep and it is problematic . "
Sex workers say their incomes began plummeting last fall , with johns pleading poverty and haggling over prices , and prostitutes bidding against each other .
" There are 60 people on the street , but they are all sex workers and there 's no money for anybody , " says Ray , who , like other prostitutes , did not want his real name used .
" This economy is causing a lot of misery . "
Sadorsky wonders if the economic crisis is forcing more people into sex work , thereby increasing competition on the street .
Toronto police , who use a community complaints system to keep track of prostitution , report no increase in complaints , though they suggest this may mean sex workers are trolling in non-residential areas .
But it 's no surprise prostitutes and their customers end up haggling , says Sadorsky .
Unlike alcohol and cigarettes , which are regulated and sold in stores , the price of sex is flexible and negotiated for each transaction by the buyer and the seller .
People willing to work for less affect the going price , he says .
The recession has seen the street price of oral sex , the most common service , plummet from $ 60 last fall to $ 20 today .
" Full service " involving intercourse has dropped from $ 150 to $ 80 .
And it 's not just street prostitutes who are being hit .
Escort workers , both those with agencies and independents , report a 15 per cent decline in clients , says Valerie Scott , executive director of Sex Professionals of Canada , a volunteer group working toward the decriminalization of sex work .
As well , she says , the clients they do have are scrimping .
" If they had previously paid for an hour , they are now going for half an hour .
Or they are having only three sessions a month , not four . "
Toronto's sex trade workers began feeling the pinch of the economic meltdown last fall .
" That 's been the vibe on the street since October , " says Scott .
" How we are doing is a reliable indicator of how the economy is doing . "
Wendy Babcock , 29 , a harm - reduction worker with Street Health , says the weekly prostitute drop - in she runs has been dominated by concerns about dropping prices .
She has noticed escorts dropping their prices dramatically in their advertisements on the back pages of local free newspapers .
An hour and a half in the prostitute 's home with the client 's choice of services " used to be $ 250 , and now they are asking for $ 60 or $ 80 , " she says .
" It 's not a lucrative career . "
She 's concerned that sex workers will put themselves in dangerous situations and " have to take more risks " to make ends meet .
Indeed , Carol , 32 , says she is getting more requests for dangerous or unusual acts – such as men wanting to be choked , which she will only play - act – prompted by clients ' exposure to Internet porn .
Aleesha , a transgendered prostitute who has worked the streets for four years , says she used to earn $ 400 a night .
But now , if she gets $ 150 , " I know that 's it . "
Staff Sgt. Mike Ervick , head of vice for 52 Division on Dundas St. W. near the Art Gallery of Ontario , says street prostitutes are getting competition from sex workers who 've moved indoors to hotels and are using the Internet " in real time " to drum up customers .
" They say , ' The girls are here right now , come quick , ' " says Ervick .
Staff Sgt. Ed Roseto of 14 Division , which includes Parkdale , says the undercover officers involved in two sweeps there this winter did find clients " lowballing " prices , even though , after being arrested , they were found to have enough money on them for full price .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
The Parkdale area has always had cheap prostitutes , he says , with females getting $ 20 for oral sex and male prostitutes getting $ 40 .
Men command higher prices , he says , and get double the amount , about $ 80 , for intercourse .
Drugs such as crack play a role in the lives of many prostitutes in the area , he says .
" Crack is the biggest pimp in 14 Division . "
Inez Garwood , executive director of Streetlight Support Services , which is dedicated to helping prostitutes leave the sex trade , says numerous new " tracks " have blossomed around the city , which means more johns .
The downtown areas of Jarvis and Wellesley , along with Kingston Rd. and Parkdale , were once the main areas of street prostitution in Toronto , but Garwood reports that the men arrested in police sweeps are now found all over the city , including Browns Line , Danforth Ave. , Weston Rd. , Eglinton Ave. W. and Steeles Ave .
" As long as some guy is standing on a street corner waving $ 20 , we can't stop the prostitution , " she says .
Streetlight , which offers two court - mandated diversion programs , one for prostitutes and another for johns , runs a drop - in centre and a food bank .
Ann , who works on the Danforth , has found herself using the food bank this year , after 10 years of working the streets , because her regulars have been hiring her less and less due to the recession .
" Five years ago , I was making $ 500 to $ 600 a night , " she says .
" It was good money .
But everybody 's feeling the recession .
Regulars I used to see once or twice a week , I do n't see them as often .
One regular I have n't seen in six months .
He 's laid off . "
As for the lowball offer , she says : " I do n't do anything for $ 20 .
I wish they printed $ 40 bills because all I see these days are twenties . "
But the high - school dropout says that as difficult and dangerous as it is to survive as a street prostitute , she is n't looking for work elsewhere .
" I still make more than if I was working at McDonald's . "
I was hoping that upon completion , I 'd simply plug in the coil and everything would work perfectly .
That did n't happen .
I 'm writing this entry from the CAE lab on campus because the coil damaged a few things , my internet being one of them .
Below is a picture of the assembled coil .
After tuning the safety gaps and main spark gap I placed the assembled secondary and toroid above the primary coil and connected them to a good earth ground .
The first time I turned on the coil , arcs were generated from the secondary to the inside tapping point on the primary coil .
I pushed the tapping point flat and ran the coil again .
This time arcing occurred to the secondary ground wire .
Again , I pushed that closer to the secondary to avoid the arcing problem .
During the first two runs I also noticed " racing arcs " along the secondary coil .
This is caused by over coupling between the primary and secondary coils .
I will need to raise the secondary a bit higher to prevent this from occurring .
The third time I turned on the coil , there was no arcing to the primary , but moments later I heard a loud popping sound over the spark gap and a shower of sparks and smoke shot out of the line filter .
I immediately turned off the coil , but as I would later find out , the damage had been done .
Below is the line filter with a hole burned into the casing just above the green ground wire .
Having run the coil twice before ( and just the primary a number of times ) I 'm baffled as to why this occurred .
With the line filter gone , I did n't want to run the coil again for fear that the house electronics would be at risk ( the line filter prevents voltage spikes from traveling back into the house wiring ) .
I then went inside to do more internet research only to find that ... I did n't have internet .
The router no longer shows any signs of life .
I 'm hoping that only the 12vdc transformer that powers the router is broken but I have yet to find out .
I tried plugging an Ethernet cable directly into the cable modem , but unfortunately that has n't worked for me either .
For now it seems I 'll have limited internet access and a good amount of troubleshooting to do .
You can't just stumble across child - porn on the Internet .
As has been mentioned many times already , these sites are traded by word of mouth and are mostly closed and password protected .
Therefore , blocking access to these sites does not do anything to prevent normal people or even children from seeing child - porn , since they would n't see it anyway .
In 15 years of heavy Internet use , which has led me to many dark corners of this network , I have not once stumbled across child - porn .
Not once !
It is still quite easy to overcome even this kind of filtering attempt .
Thus , those who really want child - porn can still get it with very little effort .
That 's what transparent proxies are for .
Therefore , this kind of filtering does not work in really preventing access to these sites for those intent on really seeing it .
If the DIA or whoever is in power really would want to stop the child - porn that 's out on the Internet they would only have to do one very simple thing :
Call the hoster on which these images are stored and ask them to shut down the account .
Believe it or not , but that works remarkably well : Child - porn is illegal in almost all countries .
The hosting companies ( no matter in which country ) often have no idea what someone has stored in an account on one of their servers .
Therefore , if they find out about it , they do n't want to have anything to do with it and will very quickly respond by shutting it down .
This was tested with some of those leaked child - porn lists in other countries that use child - porn as a reason to start filtering .
But instead of very effectively removing this account from the Internet with a simple phone call or email , the government instead prefers to put a filtering infrastructure in place .
They know where the sites are , but chose to do nothing ...
This is not about the budget .
This not about the technical issues behind the implementation .
This is not about whether child - porn is good or bad
A lot has been written about the coming age of Internet censorship in New Zealand .
What I find disturbing in this debate is that many in the public are agreeing that ' something should be done ' against child - porn and focus on the budget or the technical details of the implementation , and thus completely miss the bigger picture .
I responded to an article in The Standard .
I have replicated , slightly edited and extended that comment here .
We have to remember that any possibility to filter web - pages and the Internet in general - no matter what the initial good intention may have been - opens the door to abuse and further spreading of censorship .
Remember , this debate should not at all be about whether child - porn is good or bad .
A similar debate , similarly distracted , currently takes place in other countries as well and it all boils down to the same :
Now consider all of this :
It does n't really stop child - porn , and a much more simple low - tech approach to getting rid of it is available , but not used .
Why is this ?
Because child - porn is used ( here and in other countries ) just as a flimsy alibi to install a ubiquitous government controlled censorship infrastructure .
Think about the children !
That is the killer - argument with which these attempts are justified and the public is pacified .
As a commenter on Slashdot very succinctly said when they discussed the development in New Zealand : " Where would your government be without childporn ?
If it did n't exist , the government would surely invent it .
" As long as we are keeping ourselves pre-occupied by talking about the technical merits of the system , or waste our time by discussing minutiae in the definition of the word ' filter ' , or talk about how in principle we should agree to this since nobody likes child - porn , or talk about the budget for this .
we are just distracting ourselves from the real issue and are playing into the hands of those who want to make censorship widely accepted .
Once the technical possibility is there , the calls to use it for other purposes will start .
There will be lobbying by all sorts of groups ( some openly , some secretly ) to block more and more content .
Remember the list is secret , so you never know what is going to be blocked .
Already happens in other countries , so why should it be different here ?
How about ' killer games ' ?
Let 's block that as well .
How about ' sites critical to the filtering effort ' ?
Let 's block that , too .
How about ( insert controversial subject you care about here ) ?
Let 's block that as well .
Fight the beginnings , is all I can say .
By focusing on what the majority finds to be repulsive a government can get the majority to go along with any scheme , no matter how many of our freedoms are taken away in the process .
That 's how it always starts .
Let 's learn from history .
People do n't really change and history always repeats itself .
Let 's not walk into this asleep and with eyes wide shut .
But is n't this type of material alrady censored in other media already ?
Sure it is !
Any kind of censorship is to be examined very , very critically .
The problem with the Internet is that censorship here affects one of the most revolutionary communication media in the world , where for the first time ever , an ordinary person can publish their opinion to the world with little effort .
This was never there before .
This is widely out of control of any government , as it should be .
And when the masses are not under the government 's control in the way they can communicate and share ideas and opinions then governments feel very uncomfortable .
They can't have that .
As a little additional crimp in the story , consider that the suggested technology does n't always have to block your access .
It can be used to switch on transparent monitoring of any accesses to specific addresses or web - sites ( by letting the DIA server work as a transparent proxy ) , and even for the modification of the content that is returned to the user , without the user ever knowing what happend !
I should know , since I have worked on transparent and content - modifying proxies in the past .
Remember : Instead , it is about control over what we can see and say on the Internet , it is about the establishment of a wide - spread and arbitrarily usable censorship infrastructure , which once in place , can be used for anything that those who control it see fit .
Do you want that ?
Other related posts :
PHOENIX - President Obama chastised the defense industry and a freespending Congress yesterday for wasting tax dollars on weapons and strategies better suited to fight Soviet armies on the plains of Cold War Europe than insurgents in the mountains of Afghanistan .
Telling the Veterans of Foreign Wars national convention that such waste was unacceptable as the country fights two wars while mired in a deep recession , he vowed to veto any such spending and declared : “ It ’s inexcusable .
It ’s an affront to the American people and to our troops .
And it ’s time for it to stop . ’’
Obama also defended his decision to send 21,000 more US troops to Afghanistan against critics who warn of the military getting bogged down as in Vietnam .
He acknowledged fierce fighting against Taliban and other insurgents leading up to Thursday ’s national elections in Afghanistan after July was the bloodiest month yet for US and coalition forces .
“ The insurgency in Afghanistan did n’t just happen overnight .
And we wo n’t defeat it overnight .
This will not be quick nor easy , ’’ Obama said .
But , he added , “ This is not a war of choice .
This is a war of necessity .
Those who attacked America on 9/11 are plotting to do so again .
If left unchecked , the Taliban insurgency will mean an even larger safe haven from which Al Qaeda would plot to kill more Americans .
This is not only a war worth fighting .
This is fundamental to the defense of our people . ’’
As to Iraq , Obama reiterated his commitment to remove all combat brigades by the end of August 2010 and to remove remaining troops from the country by the end of 2011 .
Obama , in his third VFW appearance , but first as president , received hearty applause and standing ovations as he spoke at the Phoenix Convention Center to several thousand veterans , though only about two - thirds of the seats were filled .
That may have been partly because he started his speech nearly an hour before it was scheduled .
Aides say he was eager to get back to Washington after a four - day trip out West that was part family vacation and part business , including town hall meetings in Montana and Colorado to push his health care agenda .
Obama told the veterans that overhaul would not change how they get their medical services - and that nobody in Washington is talking about taking away or trimming their benefits .
Instead , he ’s instructed senior aides to work with the secretary of veterans affairs to come up with better ways to serve veterans .
Even at a time when Obama needs as much congressional support as he can summon for his health care priorities , he spared no party from his harsh critique of business - as - usual by some in the military establishment , some defense contractors , and some lawmakers who write defense budgets .
He assailed “ indefensible no - bid contracts that cost taxpayers billions and make contractors rich ’’ and lashed out at “ the special interests and their exotic projects that are years behind schedule and billions over budget . ’’
He took on “ the entrenched lobbyists pushing weapons that even our military says it does n’t want ’’ and blasted lawmakers whose impulse he said was “ to protect jobs back home building things we do n’t need . ’’
He sounded much like his campaign rival , Republican Senator John McCain of Arizona , whom he praised for seeking to rein in costs and reform the weapons - buying process .
Instead , the president laid out a vision of a nimble , well - armed , and multilingual fighting force of the future .
“ Because in the 21st century , military strength will be measured not only by the weapons our troops carry , but by the languages they speak and the cultures they understand , ’’ he said .
But the transformation certainly wo n’t be easy to complete ; lawmakers protecting jobs at home are certain to put up enormous fights over Obama ’s efforts to stop production on weapons like the F - 22 fighter jet .
Despite objections and veto threats from the White House , a $ 636 billion Pentagon spending bill was approved by a 400 - 30 vote in the House late last month .
The Senate will deal with the bill next month .
It contains money for cargo jets that the Pentagon says are n’t needed , an alternative engine for the next - generation F - 35 Joint Strike Fighter that military leaders say is a waste of money , and a new presidential helicopter fleet .
“ Among its other capabilities , it would let me cook a meal while under nuclear attack , ’’ Obama joked .
“ Now , let me tell you something .
If the United States of America is under nuclear attack , the last thing on my mind will be whipping up a snack . ’’
© Copyright 2009 Globe Newspaper Company .
OSLO ( Reuters ) - The United States is by far the biggest greenhouse gas emitter ahead of China if consumers in rich nations are given responsibility for energy used to make imported goods , a researcher said on Wednesday .
A layer of smog can be seen above Manhattan through the Verrazano - Narrows Bridge in New York May 21 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Lucas Jackson
Greenhouse gases , including by factories making goods such as cars or televisions for export , usually count toward the total of the country where they are made .
Such data indicate that China has overtaken the United States as top emitter .
But adjusting emissions according to the country where consumers of goods live swells emissions by developed nations , said Glen Peters , a researcher at the Center for International Climate and Environment Research in Oslo ( CICERO ) .
“ The ranking makes a lot of rich countries look worse and a lot of poor countries look better , ” he told Reuters .
In the ranking of 73 nations , Americans have the biggest annual “ carbon footprint ” at the equivalent of 29 tonnes of carbon dioxide per capita , ahead of Australians on 21 tonnes and Canadians on 20 tonnes .
Each Chinese citizen in the survey , based on 2001 data , accounts for just 3.1 tonnes .
Adjusted for China ’s much bigger population , U.S. emissions were 7.9 billion tonnes and China ’s 3.9 billion .
“ The U.S. is increasingly shifted toward a more service - based economy , importing more of its products from China , ” Peters said of the ranking , published online last month in the journal Environmental Science and Technology .
“ A lot of China ’s emissions growth is production of exports , ” he said of the ranking produced with the Norwegian University of Science and Technology .
Economic trends since 2001 confirmed the United States as number one .
U.N. TREATY
Developing nations such as China have sometimes suggested that rich nations should take more responsibility for imported emissions in sharing out the burden of curbs under a new U.N. climate treaty due to be agreed in Copenhagen in December .
Peters ’ rankings count emissions within each country , then add on imports and subtrace exports .
The study found that consumers in each country tended to have a bigger carbon footprint the richer they got , a depressing finding for governments trying to rein in emissions while promoting economic growth .
“ Once you ’ve bought your food and paid for your house what you do with your money is luxury consumption -- buying a second car , a CD player , ” Peters said .
“ The more money you earn the more emissions you have . ”
He said that governments could try to shift consumption toward more service - based activities that do not push up emissions so much -- for instance going to restaurants or paying for entertainment .
Michael Owen is expected to complete his shock move to Manchester United this evening once final medical checks have been conducted .
The former Newcastle and England striker spent the day at the club 's Carrington training complex but left early in the afternoon in a black Audi 4x4 to attend a south Manchester hospital for more tests .
Owen , whose contract with the Magpies expired at the end of June , had a medical examination yesterday to assess the troublesome knee which has troubled him since suffering the injury at the 2006 World Cup .
However , it is anticipated the ex-Liverpool forward will return to Carrington this evening when he will officially be confirmed as a United player .
Owen scored 30 times in 65 starts for Newcastle but did not find the net after January .
He will be extremely motivated to prove his critics wrong but would nevertheless represent a major gamble for United and their manager , Sir Alex Ferguson .
United have sold Cristiano Ronaldo to Real Madrid for £ 80 m while Carlos Tevez has also left the club after his loan deal expired .
United have already signed Luis Antonio Valencia from Wigan for £ 16 m in what promises to be a busy summer at Old Trafford .
They did , however , miss out on signing the Lyon striker Karim Benzema , who joined Real Madrid this week for £ 30 m .
The event was stopped after a relative of a minister protested
Schools in the southern Indian state of Tamil Nadu are to be instructed not to stage events with " risky " stunts , an official told the BBC .
The move follows an event in which a martial arts trainer drove a motorcycle over the hands of students .
The show , at a school in Villupuram , was stopped after protests from the relative of a government minister .
Authorities said parents of students had pressured the school into staging the event .
The head of Tamil Nadu 's elementary school department , K Devarajan , told the BBC that all 50,000 schools in the state would be told not to hold events which involve " risky stunts and practices " .
Safety fears
It follows the incident on 15 July in which a martial arts trainer rode a motorcycle over the outstretched hands of students lying on the ground .
Another stunt involved the bike being ridden over a plank laid on top of a girl lying on the ground .
The function was stopped by a relative of the state higher education minister who feared for the children 's safety .
" Though there are instructions to schools regarding safety of the students , such events sometimes happen because of overwhelming demand from parents , " Mr Devarajan said .
Authorities say the students ' parents had consented to the event
He said that parents had insisted on the show .
" They told the principal that their children had been trained in such martial arts , " Mr Devarajan said .
One of the parents present told a newspaper that they had consented to the event .
" The students offered to lie down on their own , " S Ilangovan said .
Martial arts are popular among students in India and many schools hold special classes .
Isabella Kern , 4 , was playing in the sprinkler in a playground in Queens when she ran barefooted on to the black rubber matting .
She almost immediately suffered severe burns that required a week in the hospital .
Her family ’s lawsuit against the city should be an obvious matter of negligence — it is obviously foreseeable for kids will run from the sprinkler area on to the matting .
However , the city is now suing the parents and alleging that they were negligent .
It would seem obvious that you should not have black matting that can burn feet of children during the summer .
These mats can reach 160 degree temperatures — more than enough to cause serious burns upon contact .
Rather than settle a lawsuit with the family and hang their heads in shame over their negligence with children , the city attorney has filed a suit against the victims — alleging that signs warned parents not to have children run barefooted on the mats .
The parents insist that the signs were not added until after the accident .
The warning signs are obviously intended to create a basis for the city to allege assumption of the risk and / or contributory negligence .
Given the fact that children are running in a sprinkler near by , I fail to see the sign as a complete defense — even if it were posted at the time of the accident .
It is obviously foreseeable that children will take off their shoes and run to the mats .
The decision to use this material was an act of gross negligence and the decision to sue this family is one of the most shameful acts that I have seen in years from municipal attorneys .
Such counter lawsuits are often viewed as a way to force settlements .
Whoever approved this lawsuit is , in my view , a legal menace who is serving neither the city nor the public in such abusive lawsuits .
There have long been complaints about New York playgrounds using the material , here .
There have been other cases around the country ( here ) that should put park officials on notice that these mats are unacceptable for playgrounds .
Past cases include :
* Emma Regjaj ( 23 months ) with severe burns from mats at St. Catherine ’s Park in Manhattan in 2008 ;
* Parker Wands ( 16 months ) with second degree burns on mats at Ditmars Park in Queens in 2008 ;
* Kian Mehran - Lodge ( 14 months ) with second degree burns at Van Voorhees Playground in Brooklyn in 2004 ; and
* Ryan Mazzola ( 18 months ) with first and second degree burns at Midland Beach Playground in Staten Island in 2003 .
Playground equipment can also reach unacceptably high temperatures .
If the city is not going to replace such equipment with cooler materials , it needs to put screen over the playground area to diffuse direct sunlight on the mats and equipment .
At the present time , the city maintains such dangerous conditions that a small girl was in the hospital for five days and could n’t walk for nine days .
Yet , the city blames Isabella ’s grandmother .
For the full story , click here .
Share this : Twitter
Reddit
Facebook
Email
Diapering , as Observed by the Red Cross
Created : August 25 , 2009 10:11 | Last updated : July 31 , 2020 00:00
In order to learn more about the mysterious “ prolonged diapering ” technique formerly employed by the CIA — possibly the technique nebulously referred to in the 2004 inspector general report as an eleventh and previously unacknowledged interrogation method —
I turned to the International Committee of the Red Cross ’s February 2007 report on the treatment of 14 “ high - value detainees ” once held in secret CIA prisons .
There are numerous references to diapering in the report .
On how detainees were transfered from one secret detention facility to another :
The detainee would be made to wear a diaper and dressed in a tracksuit . …
The journey times obviously varied considerably and ranged from one hour to over twenty - four to thirty hours .
The detainee was not allowed to go to the toilet and if necessary was obliged to urinate or defecate into the diaper .
That would count as a “ standard ” technique , according to former CIA Director George Tenet ’s January 2003 guidance , as “ prolonged diapering ” lasted longer than three days .
In a section of the report dealing with so - called “ stress positions ” — forced bodily contortion used not just for inflicting pain but as a sleep deprivation technique — there ’s a section about how some detainees were allowed to defecate in a bucket .
Not all were that fortunate .
None of them , however , were allowed to clean themselves afterwards .
Others were made to wear a garment that resembled a diaper .
This was the case for Mr [ Walid ] Bin Attash in his fourth place of detention .
However , he commented that on several occasions the diaper was not replaced so he had to urinate and defecate on himself while shackled in the prolonged stress standing position .
Indeed , in addition to Mr Bin Attash , three other detaineesspecified that they had to defecate and urinate on themselves and remain standing in their own bodily fluids .
Of these , only Mr [ Mohammed Nazir ] Bin Lep agreed that his name be transmitted to the authorities .
That would seem the point of the technique : to compel the psychological stress and physical discomfort caused from forcing a person to wallow in his own human waste for extended periods of time .
“ [ T ] he general goal of these techniques is a psychological impact , and not some physical effect , with a specific goal of ‘ dislocat[ing ] his expectations regarding the treatment he believes he will receive …’ , ” read the CIA medical office ’s Sept. 4 , 2003 guidelines on “ enhanced interrogation ” techniques .
Now that I think about it , there ’s an element of religious coercion to the diapering as well , as observant Muslims cleanse themselves before they pray .
Then again , it appears that while the diapering may have been continuous , the wallowing - in - filth was n’t .
From Bin Attash ’s verbatim account as transcribed by the ICRC :
During the standing I was made to wear a diaper .
However , on some occasions the diaper was not replaced and so I had to urinate and defecate over myself .
I was washed down with cold water everyday .
How long would this go on for ?
According to the ICRC :
Prolonged stress standing position , naked , held with the arms extended and chained above the head , as alleged by ten of the fourteen , for periods from two or three days continuously , and for up to two or three months intermittently , during which period toilet access was sometimes denied resulting in allegations from four detainees that they had to defecate and urinate over themselves .
My emphasis .
The account of the diapering being used in conjunction with standing stress positions is corroborated by the nebulous account of the “ hard takedown ” procedure in the CIA 2004 inspector general ’s report :
According to [ REDACTED ] the hard takedown was used often in interrogations at [ REDACTED ] as “ part of the atmospherics . ”
For a time it was the standard procedure for moving a detainee to the sleep deprivation cell .
It was done for shock and psychological impact and signaled the transition to another phase of the interrogation .
The act of putting a detainee into a diaper can cause abrasions if the detainee struggles because the floor of the facility is concrete .
The diapering appears from the ICRC report not to have been frequent enough to merit its own discussion as a separate technique , but that could be fragmentary information .
–
* You can follow TWI on Twitter and Facebook . *
Though my farm - raised father insists differently , there 's something a bit spooky about cows standing in a field .
They 're just a bit * too * placid ; I 've always suspected that those limpid eyes hide strange secrets .
And what do you know – I was right !
German and Czech biologists have shown that cattle , along with deer , instinctively stand in a north - south direction .
They appear to possess a sixth sense of magnetism .
After studying Google Earth satellite images of cattle herds , along with their own observations of roe deer , the researchers realized that the animals routinely stood along a north - south axis .
" The magnetic field is the only common and most likely factor responsible for the observed alignment , " write the researchers in a study published today in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
" Our analysis ... clearly provides the crucial proof in favor of the Earth 's magnetic field being the responsive cue . "
They think the ability evolved to help guide the animals ' ancestors during migrations ( which could explain why the results are stronger in deer than cattle , which having been domesticated and restrained no longer migrate . )
What 's the physiological mechanism ?
That 's not yet known .
" Our findings ... challenge neuroscientists and biophysics to explain the proximate mechanisms , " the researchers write .
You hear that , neuroscientists and biophysics ?
You got served !
Magnetic alignment in grazing and resting cattle and deer [ PNAS ]
Image : Mad Paul
Note :
For analysis of wind and sun as possible navigational factors , see this comment .
See Also :
WiSci 2.0 : Brandon Keim's Twitter stream and Del.icio.us feed ; Wired Science on Facebook .
Eunice Kennedy Shriver , a member of one of the most prominent families in American politics and a trailblazer in the effort to improve the lives of people with intellectual disabilities , died early Tuesday morning at Cape Cod Hospital in Hyannis , Mass .
She was 88 .
Her death , at 2 a.m. , was confirmed by her family in a statement .
A family friend said Mrs. Shriver had been in declining health for months , having suffered a series of strokes .
A sister of President John F. Kennedy and Senators Robert F. Kennedy and Edward M. Kennedy and the mother - in - law of Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger of California , Mrs. Shriver never held elective office .
Yet she was no stranger to Capitol Hill , and some view her work on behalf of the developmentally challenged , including the founding of the Special Olympics , as the most lasting of the Kennedy family ’s contributions .
“ When the full judgment of the Kennedy legacy is made  including J.F.K. ’s Peace Corps and Alliance for Progress , Robert Kennedy ’s passion for civil rights and Ted Kennedy ’s efforts on health care , workplace reform and refugees  the changes wrought by Eunice Shriver may well be seen as the most consequential , ” U.S. News & World Report said in its cover story of Nov. 15 , 1993 .
Playboy Playmate of the Year Jayde Nicole ( L ) and Playmate Joe Garcia ( C ) serve veggie hot dogs as part of an event put on by People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals ( PETA ) to call out against National Hot Dog Month , on Capitol Hill in Washington on July 15 , 2009 .
( UPI Photo / Kevin Dietsch ) | License Photo
Playboy Playmate Joe Garcia serves veggie hot dogs as part of an event put on by People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals ( PETA ) to call out against National Hot Dog Month , on Capitol Hill in Washington on July 15 , 2009 .
( UPI Photo / Kevin Dietsch )
Playboy Playmate Joe Garcia serves veggie hot dogs as part of an event put on by People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals ( PETA ) to call out against National Hot Dog Month , on Capitol Hill in Washington on July 15 , 2009 .
( UPI Photo / Kevin Dietsch )
Playboy Playmate Joe Garcia ( L ) and Playmate of the Year Jayde Nicole pose for a photograph prior to serving veggie hot dogs as part of an event put on by People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals ( PETA ) to call out against National Hot Dog Month , on Capitol Hill in Washington on July 15 , 2009 .
( UPI Photo / Kevin Dietsch ) | License Photo
Playboy Playmate of the Year Jayde Nicole ( 2nd - R ) and Playmate Joe Garcia ( R ) serve veggie hot dogs as part of an event put on by People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals ( PETA ) to call out against National Hot Dog Month , on Capitol Hill in Washington on July 15 , 2009 .
( UPI Photo / Kevin Dietsch ) | License Photo
Playboy Playmate of the Year Jayde Nicole ( L ) and Playmate Joe Garcia ( C ) serve veggie hot dogs as part of an event put on by People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals ( PETA ) to call out against National Hot Dog Month , on Capitol Hill in Washington on July 15 , 2009 .
( UPI Photo / Kevin Dietsch ) | License Photo
Playboy Playmate of the Year Jayde Nicole ( L ) and Playmate Joe Garcia ( C ) serve veggie hot dogs as part of an event put on by People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals ( PETA ) to call out against National Hot Dog Month , on Capitol Hill in Washington on July 15 , 2009 .
( UPI Photo / Kevin Dietsch ) | License Photo
Playboy Playmate of the Year Jayde Nicole ( 2nd - R ) and Playmate Joe Garcia ( R ) serve veggie hot dogs as part of an event put on by People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals ( PETA ) to call out against National Hot Dog Month , on Capitol Hill in Washington on July 15 , 2009 .
( UPI Photo / Kevin Dietsch ) | License Photo
Playboy Playmate of the Year Jayde Nicole ( L ) and Playmate Joe Garcia ( C ) serve veggie hot dogs as part of an event put on by People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals ( PETA ) to call out against National Hot Dog Month , on Capitol Hill in Washington on July 15 , 2009 .
( UPI Photo / Kevin Dietsch ) | License Photo
American Medical Association ( AMA ) becomes a powerful national force .
In 1901 , AMA reorganizes as the national organization of state and local associations .
Membership increases from about 8,000 physicians in 1900 to 70,000 in 1910 -- half the physicians in the country .
This period is the beginning of " organized medicine . "
Surgery is now common , especially for removing tumors , infected tonsils , appendectomies , and gynecological operations .
Doctors are no longer expected to provide free services to all hospital patients .
America lags behind European countries in finding value in insuring against the costs of sickness .
Railroads are the leading industry to develop extensive employee medical
programs .
American hospitals are now modern scientific institutions , valuing antiseptics and cleanliness , and using medications for the relief of pain .
American Association for Labor Legislation ( AALL ) organizes first national conference on " social insurance " .
Progressive reformers argue for health insurance , seems to be gaining support .
Opposition from physicians and other interest groups , and the entry of the US into the war in 1917 undermine reform effort .
Consistent with the general mood of political complacency , there is no strong effort to change health insurance .
Reformers now emphasize the cost of medical care instead of wages lost to sickness - the relatively higher cost of medical care is a new and dramatic development , especially for the middle class .
Growing cultural influence of the medical profession - physicians ' incomes are higher and prestige is established .
Rural health facilities are clearly inadequate .
General Motors signs a contract with Metropolitan Life to insure 180,000 workers .
Penicillin is discovered , but it will be twenty years before it is used to combat infection and disease .
The Depression changes priorities , with greater emphasis on unemployment insurance and " old age " benefits .
Social Security
Act is passed , omitting health insurance .
Push for health insurance within the Roosevelt Administration , but politics begins to be influenced by internal government conflicts over priorities .
Against the advice of insurance professionals , Blue Cross begins offering private coverage for hospital care in dozens of states .
Penicillin comes into use .
Prepaid group healthcare begins , seen as radical .
During the 2nd World War , wage and price controls are placed on American employers .
To compete for workers , companies begin to offer health benefits , giving rise to the employer - based system in place today .
President Roosevelt asks Congress for " economic bill of rights , " including right to adequate medical care .
President Truman offers national health program plan , proposing a single system that would include all of American society .
Truman 's plan is denounced by the American Medical Association ( AMA ) , and is called a Communist plot by a House subcommittee .
At the start of the decade , national health care expenditures are 4.5 percent of the Gross National Product .
Attention turns to Korea and away from health reform ; America will have a system of private insurance for those who can afford it and welfare services for the poor .
Federal responsibility for the sick poor is firmly established .
Many legislative proposals are made for different approaches to hospital insurance , but none succeed .
Many more medications are available now to treat a range of diseases , including infections , glaucoma , and arthritis , and new vaccines become available that prevent dreaded childhood diseases , including polio .
The first successful organ transplant is performed ..
In the 1950s , the price of hospital care doubled .
Now in the early 1960s , those outside the workplace , especially the elderly , have difficulty affording insurance .
Over 700 insurance companies selling health insurance .
Concern about a " doctor shortage " and the need for more " health manpower " leads to federal measures to expand education in the health professions .
Major medical insurance endorses high - cost medicine .
President Lyndon Johnson signs Medicare and Medicaid into law .
" Compulsory Health Insurance " advocates are no longer optimistic ' .
The number of doctors reporting themselves as full - time specialists grows from 55 % in 1960 to 69 % .
President Richard Nixon renames prepaid group health care plans as health maintenance organizations ( HMOs ) , with legislation that provides federal endorsement , certification , and assistance .
Healthcare costs are escalating rapidly , partially due to unexpectedly high Medicare expenditures , rapid inflation in the economy , expansion of hospital expenses and profits , and changes in medical care including greater use of technology , medications , and conservative approaches to treatment .
American medicine is now seen as in crisis .
President Nixon 's plan for national health insurance rejected by liberals & labor unions , but his " War on Cancer " centralizes research at the NIH .
The number of women entering the medical profession rises dramatically .
In 1970 , 9 % of medical students are women ; by the end of the decade , the proportion exceeds 25 % .
World Health Organization declares smallpox eradicated .
Corporations begin to integrate the hospital system ( previously a decentralized structure ) , enter many other healthcare - related businesses , and consolidate control .
Overall , there is a shift toward privatization and corporatization of healthcare .
Under President Reagan , Medicare shifts to payment by diagnosis ( DRG ) instead of by treatment .
Private plans quickly follow suit .
Growing complaints by insurance companies that the traditional fee - for - service method of payment to doctors is being exploited .
" Capitation " payments to doctors become more common .
Health care costs rise at double the rate of inflation .
Expansion of managed care helps to moderate increases in health care costs .
Federal health care reform legislation fails again to pass in the U.S. Congress .
By the end of the decade there are 44 million Americans , 16 % of the nation , with no health insurance at all .
Human Genome Project to identify all of the more than 100,000 genes in human DNA gets underway .
By June 1990 , 139,765 people in the United States have HIV / AIDS , with a 60 percent mortality rate . .
- video encodings still in process -
Seems kitty wants abit of the action after the eyebrow dog .
When Shaun decides to take the day off and have some fun , he gets a little more action than he bargained for .
A mix up with the Farmer , a caravan and a very steep hill lead them all to the Big City and it's up to Shaun and the flock to return everyone safely to the green grass of home .
Euripides :
You 've got rings under your eyes this morning .
Athena :
Well , you know .
Another one of those long nights .
Euripides :
Have you solved the replay problem ?
Athena : I think so .
Euripides : Have a seat .
She does .
Athena :
As usual , I feel compelled to restate the problem .
Tickets are reusable within a limited timespan , say eight hours .
If someone steals your tickets and chooses to replay them before they expire , we can't do anything to stop them .
Euripides :
That 's the problem .
Athena :
We could beat the problem if we designed the tickets so they could n't be reusable .
Euripides :
But then you would have to get a new ticket every time you wanted to use a network service .
Athena : Right .
That is a clumsy solution at best .
( Pause . )
Ah , how do I proceed with my argument ?
( She ponders for a moment . )
All right , I 'm going to restate the problem again , this time in the form of a requirement .
A network service must be able to prove that the person using a ticket is the same person to whom that ticket was issued .
Let me trace the authentication process again and see if I can tease out an appropriate way to illustrate my solution to this problem .
I want to use a certain network service .
I access that service by starting a client program on my workstation .
The client sends three things to the service machine -- my name , my workstation 's network address , and the appropriate service ticket .
The ticket contains the name of the person it was issued to and the address of the workstation that person was using when he or she acquired the ticket .
It also contains an expiration date in the form of a lifespan and a timestamp .
All this information has been encrypted in the service 's Charon password .
Our current authentication scheme relies on the following tests :
Can the service decrypt the ticket ?
Has the ticket expired ?
Do the name and workstation address specified in the ticket match the name and address of the person who sent the ticket ?
What do these tests prove ?
The first test proves that the ticket either did or did not come from Charon .
If the ticket cannot be decrypted , it did not come from the real Charon .
The real Charon would have encrypted the ticket with the service 's password .
Charon and the service are the only two entities that know the service 's password .
If the ticket decrypts successfully , the service knows that it came from the real Charon .
This test prevents folks from building fake Charon tickets .
The second test checks the ticket 's lifespan and timestamp .
If it has expired , the service rejects the ticket .
This test stops people from using old tickets , tickets that perhaps were stolen .
The third test checks the ticket - user 's name and address against the name and address of the person specified in the ticket .
If the test fails , the ticket - user has obtained ( perhaps surreptitiously ) another person 's ticket .
The ticket is of course rejected .
If the names and addresses do match , what has the test proved ?
Nothing .
Scallywags can steal tickets from the network , change their workstation addresses and usernames appropriately , and rifle other folks resources .
As I pointed out yesterday , tickets can be replayed as long as they have n't expired .
They can be replayed because a service cannot determine that the person sending the ticket is actually the ticket 's legitimate owner .
The service cannot make this determination because it does not share a secret with the user .
Look at it this way .
If I 'm on watch at Elsinore , you know , the castle in Hamlet , and you are supposed to relieve me , I 'm not supposed to let you take my place unless you can provide the correct password .
That 's the case where the two of us share a secret .
And it 's probably a secret that someone else made up for everyone who stands on watch .
So I was thinking last night , why not have Charon make up a password for the legitimate ticket - owner to share with the service ?
Charon gives a copy of this session key to the service , and a copy to the user .
When the service receives a ticket from a user , it can use the session key to test the user 's identity .
Euripides :
Wait a second .
How is Charon going to give both parties the session key ?
Athena :
The ticket - owner gets the session key as part of the reply from Charon .
Like this :
She scrawls the following on a chalkboard : CHARON REPLY - [ sessionkey|ticket ]
The service 's copy of the session key comes inside the ticket , and the service gets the key when it decrypts the ticket .
So the ticket looks like this : TICKET - {sessionkey : username:address:servicename:lifespan:timestamp}
When you want to get to a service , the client program you start builds what I call an AUTHENTICATOR .
The authenticator contains your name and your workstation 's address .
The client encrypts this information with the session key , the copy of the session key you received when you requested the ticket .
AUTHENTICATOR - {username : address} encrypted with session key After building the authenticator , the client sends it and the ticket to the service .
The service cannot decrypt the authenticator yet because it does n't have the session key .
That key is in the ticket , so the service first decrypts the ticket .
After decrypting the ticket , the service ends up with the the following information :
The ticket 's lifespan and timestamp ;
The ticket - owner 's name ;
The ticket - owner 's network address ;
The session key .
The service checks to see if the ticket has expired .
If all is well in that regard , the service next uses the session key to decrypt the authenticator .
If the decryption proceeds without a hitch , the service ends up with a username and a network address .
The service tests this information against the name and address found in the ticket , AND the name and address of the person who sent the ticket and authenticator .
If everything matches , the service has determined that the ticket - sender is indeed the ticket 's real owner .
Athena pauses , clears her throat , drinks some coffee .
I think the session key - authenticator business takes care of the replay problem .
Euripides : Maybe .
But I wonder . . .
To break this version of the system , I must have the proper authenticator for the service .
Athena : No .
You must have the authenticator AND the ticket for the service .
The authenticator is worthless without the ticket because the service cannot decrypt the authenticator without first having the appropriate session key , and the service cannnot get the appropriate session key without first decrypting the ticket .
Euripides : Okay , I understand that , but did n't you say that when a client program contacts the server , it sends the ticket and matching authenticator together ?
Athena :
Yes , I guess I said that .
Euripides :
If that 's what actually happens , what prevents me from stealing the ticket and authenticator at the same time ?
I 'm sure I could write a program to do the job .
If I 've got the ticket and its authenticator , I believe I can use the two as long as the ticket has not expired .
I just have to change my workstation address and username appropriately .
True ?
Athena : ( Biting her lip ) True .
How dispiriting .
Euripides : Wait , wait , wait !
This is n't such a big deal .
Tickets are reusable as long as they have n't expired , but that does n't mean that authenticators have to be reusable .
Suppose we design the system so that authenticators can only be used once .
Does that buy us anything ?
Athena :
Well , it might .
Let 's see , the client program builds the authenticator , then sends it with the ticket to the service .
You copy both ticket and authenticator as they move from my workstation to the server .
But the ticket and authenticator arrive at the server before you can send your copies .
If the authenticator can only be used once , your copy of it is no good , and you lose when you attempt to replay your ticket and authenticator .
Well , that 's a relief .
So all we have to do is invent a way to make the authenticator a one - time usable thing .
Euripides : No problem .
Let 's just put a lifespan and timestamp on them .
Suppose each authenticator has a lifespan of a couple of minutes .
When you want to use a service , your client program builds the authenticator , stamps it with the current time , then sends it and the ticket to the server .
The server receives the ticket and authenticator and goes about its business .
When the server decrypts the authenticator , it checks the authenticator 's lifespan and timestamp .
If the authenticator has n't expired , and everything else checks properly , the server considers you authenticated .
Suppose I copied the athenticator and ticket as they crossed the network .
I have to change my workstation 's network address and my username , and I have to do this all in a couple of minutes .
That 's a pretty tall order .
In fact I do n't think it 's possible .
Unless . . .
Well , here 's a potential problem .
Suppose that instead of copying the ticket and authenticator as they travel from your workstation to the server , I copy original ticket packet that comes from Charon , the packet you receive when you ask Charon to give you a ticket .
This packet , as I recall , has two copies of the session key in it : one for you and one for the service .
The one for the service is hidden in the ticket and I can't get to it , but what about the other one , the one you use to build authenticators ?
If I can get that copy of the session key , I can build my own authenticators , and if I can build my own authenticators , I can break the system .
Athena :
That 's something I thought about last night , but then I traced the process of acquiring tickets and found that it was n't possible to steal authenticators that way .
You sit down at a workstation and use the kinit program to get your ticket - granting ticket .
Kinit asks for your username , and after you enter it , kinit forwards the name to Charon .
Charon uses your name to look up your password , then proceeds to build a ticket - granting ticket for you .
As part of this process , Charon creates a session key that you will share with the ticket - granting service .
Charon puts a copy of the session key in the ticket - granting ticket , and puts your copy in the the ticket packet that you are about to receive .
But before it sends you this packet , Charon encrypts the whole thing with your password .
Charon sends the packet across the network .
Someone can copy the packet as it goes by , but they can't do anything with it because it has been encrypted with your password .
Specifically , no one can steal the ticket - granting session key .
Kinit receives the ticket packet and prompts you for a password , which you enter .
If you enter the correct password , kinit can decrypt the packet and give you your copy of the session key .
Now that you 've taken care of the kinit business , you want to get your mail .
You start the mail client program .
This program looks for a mail service ticket and does n't find one ( after all , you have n't tried to get your mail yet ) .
The client must use the ticket - granting ticket to ask the ticket - granting service for a mail service ticket .
The client builds an authenticator for the ticket - granting transaction and encrypts the authenticator with your copy of the ticket - granting session key .
The client then sends Charon the authenticator , the ticket - granting ticket , your name , your workstation 's address , and the name of the mail service .
The ticket - granting service receives this stuff and runs through the authentication checks .
If everything checks properly , the ticket - granting service ends up with a copy of the session key that it shares with you .
Now the ticket - granting service builds you a mail service ticket , and during this process , creates a new session key for you to share with the mail service .
The ticket - granting service now prepares a ticket packet to send back to your workstation .
The packet contains the ticket and your copy of the mail service session key .
But before it sends the packet , the ticket - granting service encrypts the packet with its copy of the TICKET - GRANTING session key .
That done , the packet is sent on its way .
So here comes the mail service ticket packet , loping across the network .
Suppose some network ogre copies it as it goes by .
The ogre is out of luck because the packet is encrypted with the ticket - granting session key ; you and the ticket - granting service are the only entities that know this key .
Since the ogre cannot decrypt the mail ticket packet , the ogre cannot discover the MAIL SESSION KEY .
Without this session key , the ogre cannot use any of the mail service tickets you might subsequently send across the network .
So I think we 're safe .
What do you think ?
Euripides : Perhaps .
Athena : Perhaps !
Is that all you can say !
Euripides : ( laughing )
Do n't get upset .
You should know my ways by now .
I guess it is mean of me , and you up half the night .
Athena : Pthhhhh !
Euripides :
All right , three - quarters of the night .
Actually , the system is beginning to sound acceptible .
This session key business solves a problem that I thought of last night : the problem of mutual authentication .
Pause .
Mind if I talk for a minute ?
Athena : ( A trifle coldly ) Be my guest .
Euripides :
You are so kind .
( Euripides clears his throat . )
Last night , while visions of session keys and authenticators danced in your head , I was trying to find new problems with the system , and I found one that I thought was pretty serious .
I 'll illustrate it by way of the following scenario .
Suppose you are sick of your current job and have determined that it is in your best interest to move on .
You want to print your resume on the company 's wizz - bang laser printer so that headhunters and potential employers can take note of your classiness .
So you enter the printing command , and direct it to send the resume to the appropriate print server .
The command gets the proper service ticket , if you do n't already have it , then sends the ticket in your name to the appropriate print server .
At least that 's where you think it 's headed .
You do n't in fact know that the request is headed for the right print server .
Suppose that some unscrupulous hacker -- say it 's your boss -- has screwed system around so that he redirects your request and its ticket to the print server in his office .
His print service program does n't care about the ticket or its contents .
It throws away the ticket and sends a message to your workstation indicating that the ticket passed muster , and that the server is ready and willing to print your job .
The printing command sends the job to the fraudulant print server and the enemy ends up with your resume .
I 'll state the problem by way of contrast .
Without session keys and authenticators , Charon can protect its servers from false users , but it cannot protect its users from false servers .
The system needs a way for client programs to authenticate the server before sending sensitive information to the service .
The system must allow for mutual authentication .
But the session key solves this problem as long as you design your client programs properly .
Back to the print server scenario .
I want a print client program that makes sure the service it 's sending jobs to is the legitimate service .
Here 's what such a program does .
I enter the printing command and give it a filename , the name of my resume .
Assume that I have a print service ticket and session key .
The client program uses the session key to build an authenticator , then sends the authenticator and ticket to the " supposed " print server .
The client DOES NOT send the resume yet ; it waits for a response from the service .
The real service receives the ticket and authenticator , decrypts the ticket and extracts the session key , then uses the session key to decrypt the authenticator .
This done , the service runs all the appropriate authentication tests .
Assume the tests confirm my identity .
Now the server prepares a reply packet so that it can prove its identity to the client program .
It uses its copy of the session key to encrypt the reply packet , then sends the packet to the waiting client .
The client receives the packet and attempts to decrypt it with my copy of the session key .
If the packet decrypts properly and yields the correct server response message , my client program knows that the server that encrypted the packet is the real server .
Now the client sends the resume job to the print service .
Suppose my boss screwed around the system so that his print server poses as the one I want .
My client sends the authenticator and ticket to the " print service " and waits for a response .
The fake print service cannot generate the correct response because it cannot decrypt the ticket and get the session key .
My client will not send the job unless it receives the correct response .
Eventually the client gives up waiting and exits .
My print job does not get completed , but at least my resume did not end up on the desk of the enemy .
You know , I think we have a solid basis on which to implement the Charon Authentication System .
Athena : Perhaps .
Anyway , I do n't like the name " Charon . "
Euripides :
You do n't ?
Since when ?
Athena : I 've never liked it , because the name does n't make sense .
I was talking to my Uncle Hades about it the other day , and he suggested another name , the name of his three - headed watch dog .
Euripides : Oh , you mean " Cerberus . "
Athena : Bite your tongue Rip ! " Cerberus " indeed . . .
Euripides : Er , is n't that the name ?
Athena : Yeah , if you happen to be a Roman !
I'm a Greek goddess , he 's a Greek watch dog , and his name is " Kerberos , " " Kerberos " with a K .
Bengal tiger born with no stripes
A white Bengal tiger born without stripes is thought to be the only one of its kind to exist in the wild .
The six - month - old cub , named Fareeda , is so rare it is thought there are fewer than 20 tigers like her alive in the world — all in captivity .
Fareeda was born near Cape Town in South Africa , The Daily Telegraph reports .
She is part of a unique breeding program to keep the White Bengal species alive .
Odette Claassen , who works at the Cango Wildlife Ranch , told the newspaper keepers were not sure at first if Fareeda would remain without her stripes .
“ Some cubs develop stripes in their first few months but after six months it ’s clear that Fareeda is truly one of the rarest of her kind , ” she said .
“ White Bengal tigers are not albino — they have distinctive blue eyes , and they used to be found in Northern India before they died out . ”
WATCH :
Unkenntnis im Kampf gegen Kinderpornos : Sperren als Selbstzweck
Die Regierung weiß nicht , wo die Server stehen und ob es überhaupt eine relevante Anzahl von Kinderporno - Websites gibt .
BERLIN taz | Die Luft für die Bundesregierung wird dünner .
Auch wenn die parlamentarische Mehrheit für die Einführung von Internetsperren zu stehen scheint , kann die Regierung immer weniger erklären , warum der Aufbau einer Sperrinfrastruktur überhaupt nötig ist .
Nach Informationen des AK Zensur , in dem die Sperrgegner zusammengeschlossen sind , stehen die meisten Kinderpornoserver in westlichen Staaten , wo es einerseits leistungsfähige Internetverbindungen gibt , andererseits aber auch die Rechtshilfe funktioniert und Provider nach entsprechenden Hinweisen die Seiten löschen .
Die Bürgerrechtler berufen sich auf die Auswertung von Sperrlisten aus skandinavischen Ländern .
Deshalb fragte jetzt die FDP - Fraktion bei der Bundesregierung nach und bekam recht vage Antworten .
Demnach stehen Kinderpornoserver vor allem in " Staaten mit geringer Kontrollintensität oder aber dort , wo keine diesbezügliche Gesetzgebung existiert " .
Eine Liste der Länder , in denen Kinderpornografie nicht strafbar ist , konnte die Regierung aber nicht liefern .
" Dazu liegen der Bundesregierung keine gesicherten Erkenntnisse im Sinne rechtsvergleichender Studien vor . "
Konsequenterweise weiß die Bundesregierung auch nicht , wie hoch der Anteil der Kinderpornoserver ist , die in solchen Staaten stehen .
Auch beim Bundeskriminalamt sieht es nicht besser aus .
Die taz fragte nach Ländern , in denen die Hostprovider nicht auf Informationen über Kinderpornografie reagieren .
" Dem BKA liegen hierzu keine belastbaren Erkenntnisse vor - derartige Statistiken gibt es weltweit auch nicht " , so das BKA .
Es läge also nahe , die Hostprovider probeweise erst mal direkt zu informieren , um zu sehen , ob danach immer noch Bedarf für ein Sperrgesetz besteht .
Wenig Klarheit herrscht auch bei der Frage , ob es überhaupt eine relevante Anzahl von frei zugänglichen Kinderpornoseiten im Internet gibt .
Die Bundesregierung behauptet zwar , dass kommerzielle kinderpornografische Websites ( neben Tauschbörsen ) einen " Schwerpunkt bei der Verbreitung von Kinderpornografie bilden " .
Woher sie diese Erkenntnis hat , weiß die Bundesregierung allerdings nicht : " Die Bundesregierung verfügt über keine detaillierte Einschätzung des kommerziellen Marktes für Kinderpornografie in Deutschland " , so die erstaunliche Antwort .
If progressives , whether in unions , activist groups or political parties , do n’t soon begin doing politics differently -- radically differently -- they will fail to show that “ a better world is possible . ”
And the price of failure will be catastrophic .
We have known for years that our consumer culture is out of control and our obsession with having more and more stuff has reached the status of a virus .
Our consumer - driven global economy is a lethal threat to the planet and every one of its eco-systems .
The lock that consumerism has on Western so - called civilization is formidable -- a virtual death - grip on our culture and our future as a species .
It is a kind of madness but one which we can apparently adapt to .
This manufactured addiction to more and more stuff undermines community , threatens the planet and does n’t even make us happy .
Consumerism , driven by the most sophisticated and manipulative psychology the advertising industry can buy , has had the effect of atomizing us .
We are defined more and more by what we have , less and less by our relationships to family , friends , colleagues and community .
One anecdote has stuck in my mind for over 20 years .
A friend attending an international peace conference in Edmonton accompanied a group of Filipino women -- all from rural areas of the Philippines -- to the West Edmonton Mall as a “ tourist ” outing for the visitors .
Twenty minutes into the tour the women burst into tears and pleaded with their hosts to get them out .
The insanity , the grotesque over - stimulation of the place , no longer obvious to the Canadian women who had grown up with these monstrosities , was grimly apparent to the village activists .
They were right .
We should all burst into tears after 20 minutes in a giant mall -- it would be a test of our mental and spiritual health .
Secular fundamentalism and its limits
It ’s not as if we do n’t know what the Filipinas knew .
It ’s just that we have adapted to it -- like we might adapt to some physical disability .
Yet if we all know this , why is it that we are unable to incorporate our understanding of this all - important cultural disability into our progressive politics -- into the ways in which we try to engage people in the struggle for a better , sustainable , world ?
American rabbi and radical Michael Lerner blames what he calls “ secular fundamentalism ” -- the tendency amongst mainstream activists to stick rigidly to a rationalist and technocratic interpretation of both politics and culture .
He calls for a politics of meaning which “ posits a new bottom line .
An institution or social practice is to be considered efficient or productive to the extent that it fosters ethically , spiritually , ecologically and psychologically sensitive and caring human beings who can maintain long - term , loving personal and social relationships .
While this new definition of productivity does not reject the importance of material well - being , it subsumes that concern within an expanded view of ‘ the good life ’ : one that insists on the primacy of spiritual harmony , loving relationships , mutual recognition and work that contributes to the common good . ”
Secular fundamentalists find talk of spiritualism intensely uncomfortable , probably because they draw immediate connections to either organized ‘ God ’ religion and its patriarchal authoritarianism or vaguely to some mushy “ self - improvement ” sub-culture .
Spiritualism seems to fly in the face of the kind of rationalism that has been at the core of socialist and social democratic theory for nearly two centuries .
But organizers for social change face a critical problem .
Trying to mobilize people strictly on a rational basis , and in particular with uncritical acceptance of the assumptions of a consumer driven economy , is proving increasingly difficult .
On paper it should be working .
Intensive values surveys of Canadians consistently reveal that they are progressive in their views about the role of government and the value of community .
On the basis of such surveys over 60 per cent of Canadians could be described politically as social democratic .
And yet we see two neo-liberal federal leaders and their parties garnering two thirds of Canadians ’ voting intentions .
Something is very wrong here .
In search of community
It raises the question of why people get engaged .
Why is it that tens of millions get into an emotional frenzy over the death of a pop star or identify their lives with a professional sports team but ca n’t be convinced to fight for social programs that would increase the quality of life of their communities ?
Why do further millions identify with right - wing evangelical religion rather than the call for secular social justice ?
According to Lerner , they are in a search for meaning and in the context of the destruction of community of the past 30 years , they find in sports and Michael Jackson ’s fandom pseudo - communities they can identify with .
In their quest for community they pass by the door that says left - wing politics .
Why ?
You need not search much further than the typical political meeting -- overly earnest , boring , economistic , gloom and doom and , except on rare occasions , distinctly unwelcoming to the newcomers who have braved their first tentative outing .
And after the meeting ?
Nothing .
No nurturing .
No ongoing connection .
No community .
While the U.S. example does not apply as clearly here , Lerner ’s analysis of why the Christian right in the U.S. has been so successful has lessons for Canadian activists .
“ We find thousands of Americans -- from every walk of life , ethnic and religious background , political persuasion and lifestyle -- with lives of pain and self - blame , and turning to the political right because the right speaks about the collapse of families , the difficulty of teaching good values to children , the fear of crime and the absence of spirituality in their lives .
The right seems to understand their hunger for community and connection . ”
Lerner clearly acknowledges the destructive and often vicious politics of the Right but argues most people vote for the Christian right because they feel understood and cared for by it , not because of its policies .
The left 's failure of imagination
The left , on the other hand , fears that the people it is trying to persuade and mobilize are n’t capable of imagining or accepting a truly radical vision of the future .
So the NDP , instead of developing and presenting such a vision ( assuming it is still capable of imagining it ) that addresses people ’s need for a broader meaning , reduces that vision to a package of disconnected , minor reforms that does n’t offend the media power brokers .
Of course , it does n’t inspire anyone either , as evidenced by its inability to get beyond 20 per cent support .
Social movement organizations are in some ways even more trapped in the single - issue incrementalism that fails to inspire all but a relative handful of politically conscious followers .
Convinced that “ ordinary ” people are incapable of radical change , says Lerner , too many left activists themselves retreat into a middle - class , consumer existence that they know deep down is not only unsustainable but deeply unsatisfying .
We fight the good fight -- and then drive home , turn on the TV and watch the news report on a world that does not acknowledge our existence .
A revolutionary call for reconstruction
Lerner ’s call for a politics of meaning is truly revolutionary given the extent to which consumerism is embedded in our lives and our culture , and the failure of our organizations to address the coming catastrophe .
Who will be amongst the first revolutionaries to challenge the system ?
We will -- the activists who are now exhausted , demoralized and convinced there is nothing new they can do to make change .
Says Lerner , “ Having been burnt by past failures , these former activists will not quickly jump into new political movements .
Yet , as a meaning - oriented movement gains momentum many of them will feel a homecoming that reconnects to their deepest hopes .
They will become the transformative agents who move these ideas into the mainstream ...
These people respond out of a real inner need , not from a commitment to an abstract idea , nor out of a sense that someone else ought to be treated differently . ”
“ These are radical needs , ” writes Lerner .
“ Unlike needs for economic well - being or political rights , these cannot be fulfilled inside our society as it currently is constructed . ”
It ’s time for reconstruction .
The economic and climate change crises can serve as an enforced breathing space : an obligatory opportunity to get off the consumer / wealth accumulation / hyper- individualism tread mill for long enough to realize it was taking us over a cliff .
Murray Dobbin is a guest senior contributing editor for rabble.ca .
Murray has been a journalist , broadcaster , author and social activist for 40 years .
His column , State of the Nation , appears in rabble .ca and TheTyee twice monthly .
rabble.ca is a member supported non-profit media site -- please become a member today and get some great ' thank you ' gifts , including a signed book by your choice of leading Canadian authors .
Exclusive to STR
Recently , Washington Post Executive Editor Marcus Brauchli canceled the web - series ' Mouthpiece Theater ' after its hosts made a joke about Secretary of State Hillary Clinton .
Bowing to pressure from an obscure organization called Action in the Media , the Washington Post reinforced the notion that any potentially offensive humor must result in a swift apology , perhaps even in resignation or firing .
But since when is it criminal behavior to tell a joke , let alone offend someone ?
In a country that cherishes freedom of speech , when did it become a requirement to prescreen jokes to meet the approval of every available demographic ?
The notion that the only appropriate jokes are those pre-approved by special interest groups would be laughable if it was n't taken so seriously .
In this most recent case , Dana Milbank , a columnist , and Chris Cillizza , a White House correspondent and blogger , lost their show after a woman 's group , Action and the Media , complained that one of their jokes was ' sexist ' and ' tasteless . '
What did Action and the Media think was so terribly offensive ?
On the latest webisode of ' Mouthpiece Theater , ' Milbank and Cillizza visually implied that President Obama would serve ' Mad Bitch Beer ' to Hillary Clinton during a discussion about Obama 's recent ' beer summit . '
Correct me if I 'm wrong , but I believe the purpose of the joke was to be offensive .
Most viewers probably groaned ' chuckled ' and then moved on .
Not the ladies at Action and the Media .
They took action immediately , making sure that Milbank and Cillizza would be properly punished for daring to associate the secretary of state with a vulgar term for female dogs .
They are perfectly within their rights to be as outraged as they want to be , of course , but the Washington Post commentators did nothing to warrant the cancellation of their show and the removal of the particular webisode in question .
They should not have apologized .
By apologizing , as so many others have done in similar situations , Milbank and Cillizza strengthened the armies of the humorless and marched us one step into the icy grasp of the thought police .
The politically correct attack on humor would n't be so bothersome if not for two factors : its effectiveness and its history of double standards .
I am often surprised at the swiftness of the capitulation of individuals targeted for their inappropriate sense of humor .
I can understand why someone would n't want his or her name dragged through the mud , but each apology makes it so much easier the next time .
Each firing and self effacement make the self - righteous even more convinced of their power .
If the jokesters looked as lightly on themselves as the people they set out to offend , perhaps they would not wilt so easily under criticism .
If you can't stand the heat , stay out of the fire 'it would make it that much easier for the rest of us .
Most tellingly , groups like Action and the Media are very selective in regards to the people they attack .
I wonder why the writers of ' Saturday Night Live ' got a pass when they featured Hillary Clinton and Sarah Palin in a mocking , feminist appeal to stop pointing out Hillary 's ' cankles . '
Could it be there is something political lurking behind this selective outrage ?
Surely you jest .
Selective outrage of the kind exhibited by groups like Action and the Media has become a tool to remove anyone who disagrees with those groups from public life .
Milbank and Cillizza are simply the latest casualties in a war on dissent .
Not just political dissent , but dissent against the entire idea that everything you think , do , and say must meet the approval of social activists .
Organizations like Action and the Media know that media outlets will bow to even the slightest pressure , and because it works , have found a weapon against free speech .
An old saying goes , ' Beware of gods who do not laugh . '
We should be wary of the humorless , especially if they have a naked political or social agenda .
Organizations like Action and the Media , who claims to represent all women everywhere , do not have any basis for demanding apologies for satire not aimed directly at them .
Media outlets should not bow to their pressure , especially when it comes to something as inane as a bad joke .
Perhaps ' Mouthpiece Theater ' was offensive , ignorant , and boorish .
In that case , the only person who warrants an apology is the person who was the target of the joke , and I have yet to hear Mrs. Clinton ask for one .
AT BARELY the height of a tea cup , Maltese terrier pup Scooter could well be the smallest dog in world .
The tiny ball of white fluff is just 8 cm tall and measures just over 20 cm from his nose to his tail .
While Scooter is still young , he appears to have stopped growing .
The Guinness Book of World Records title holder - a long - haired chihuahua in America named Boo Boo - is bigger at just over 10 cm tall .
Scooter 's size is also evident in his weight , or lack of it .
He weighs less than a block of butter at 400 grams - and that is while he is wearing clothes .
Owner Cheryl McKnight , from Gisborne on the east coast of New Zealand 's North Island , fashioned a regular purple sock into a jersey , which Scooter wears so he is easily seen around the house .
" It really is quite something .
I can't take him for a walk or put a leash on him . "
Ms McKnight said six - month - old Scooter came from a litter of three and stopped growing before he reached two months .
" He was the same size as the other two pups when they were born but as they grew , he did n't , " she said .
Scooter 's siblings were sold .
" Dogs have to weigh at least 870 grams before they can leave their mums for the shops , and he has not even reached halfway . "
As Scooter scoots around the lounge floor , he is dwarfed by plastic toy figurines belonging to Ms McKnight 's grandson .
When friends come to visit , one of the first things they say is that they want to take Scooter home with them .
" For the first 10 weeks or so I did n't really want him .
I thought nah , someone else can have him .
" But over time I 've fallen in love with him .
I would hate to give him away now . "
Ms McKnight 's previous pet , a miniature orange Pomeranian , was killed in front of her by two other dogs two years ago .
" It took me a long , long time after that to even think of having another dog , " she said .
Ms McKnight 's sister , who breeds Maltese dogs , eventually gave her one and Scooter arrived a few months later .
Scooter feeds from an egg cup of food three times a day and sleeps in a shoebox , but " does everything a normal dog does " , she said .
However , making his way up steps is challenging .
" Because of the height of steps , they would be enormously big steps for him .
It must be like living with giants . "
Scooter was originally named Pee Wee , but Ms McKnight decided to change the name , saying she did n't want him to suffer an inferiority complex .
Originally published as Scooter , the tea cup terrier
Sony DVD Walkman Converter is desired for Walkman users to put DVD on Walkman .
It can convert DVD to Walkman video MP4 , MPEG - 4/ AVC and Walkman audio formats ( MP3 , WMA and M4A ) .
This Sony Walkman DVD
Converter completely supports Sony Walkman phone , Walkman Bean , Walkman Buzz , Walkman Fitness and more other Walkman Video MP3 players .
As expected , DVD to Walkman Converter links more editing functions to enhance your output audio and video streaming capabilities .
You can convert any length of the DVD movie , crop the DVD movie play region to suit your Walkman , add watermark to your video , select the DVD movie subtitle and audio track , merge several files into one , set the video Brightness , Contrast , Saturation and audio volume , etc .
Turn your Walkman phone into a mobile mini theatre with Sony DVD Walkman Converter !
Buy now !( $ 35.00 ) Free Download Trial Version
Screenshot of DVD to Walkman Converter
Flexible DVD to Walkman Converter
1. Convert DVD to MP4 , MPEG4 / AVC for playback on Sony Walkman .
2. Professional video editing -
You can crop , trim , merge , etc. video to get different screen size , to capture favorite movie and to get ideal screen quality .
3 . Add watermark in the form of text , picture or image as you like - This Sony DVD Walkman Converter provides to add your favorite watermarks to adjust the watermark position in Vertical , Horizontal angle .
4 . One time conversion , several different outputs formats - This powerful Sony DVD Walkman Converter has the function of outputting several formats at a time .
5. Subtitle and audio track - Choose your prefer subtitle and audio track to personalize your video .
6. Support other Sony devices
DVD to Walkman Bean , Walkman Buzz , Walkman Fitness
DVD to PSP , including PSP2000 , PSP3000
DVD to PS3 DVD to Sony Ericsson Mobile Phone
7. Easy operation and free technical support Just a few clicks to rip and convert DVD movies Free technical support
This Sony DVD Converter or Ripper brings you more function and plenty convenience .
Try it quickly .
$ 35.00
Your Local Vending , Office Coffee and Micro Market Service Provider
Variety Vending provides vending , office coffee and micro-market services to the cities of Moultrie , Valdosta , Tifton , Lake Park , Adel , Quitman , and Sylvester , as well as the other areas in South Georgia and North Florida .
We are family owned and operated since 1960 , and we are proud to offer our premium , high - quality snacks and beverages to businesses in the education , healthcare , financial , and high - tech industries , among others in the area .
Just south of Cape Town in South Africa , you will find a colony of Penguins hanging out on Boulders Beach in the picturesque village of Simon ’s Town .
Simon ’s Town Penguins
If you are anything like us , we are suckers for Penguins .
They are simply the cutest little things and we can watch them for hours waddle and swim .
The Simon ’s Town Penguins are known as the African Penguin or the Jackass Penguin on account of the braying sound that they make .
Numbers are slowly coming back in South Africa thanks to conservation efforts .
It is hard to believe , but for decades these little guys were hunted for their meat and were considered a delicacy .
Add man -made disasters like oil spills and a decline in their food supply they have fallen from several million to less than 200,000 .
Boulders Beach
A great day trip from Cape Town is to take a drive to Simon ’s Town and venture down to Boulders Beach where you can walk the boardwalk .
This is the perfect spot to view the colony in their natural habitat .
The penguins settled here in 1985 and have been continuously growing ever since .
Nobody knows why the penguins decided to colonize this portion of the beach .
The large human population should have been a deterrent , however , the abundance of fish in the waters due to a ban on commercial fishing probably played a role .
Beautiful Boulders Beach
My opinion is that they saw a beautiful beach with great rocks and boulders for sunbathing and relaxing .
Hey , penguins like a great view too !
Winter in South Africa
It was South Africa ’s winter while we were there , but in the warmer months , you can actually swim with the penguins as they play and frolic on the public beaches around town .
Give yourself more than a day to visit Simon ’s Town .
It is a beautiful seaside village filled with restaurants , cafés , and beautiful scenery .
You can go sea kayaking or take boat trips along the coast .
Cape Point is a short jaunt from the town and if you happen to find yourself there between June and November , you can view the majestic southern right whale .
Simon ’s Town Tours
Book a Cape Town to Cape Point Explorer
Tour that stops at Simon ’s Town to see the penguins and then continues on to the Cape of Good Hope and Cape Point .
Read More :
Cockroaches may be tiny enough to slip through the smallest of cracks , but just like humans , these eternal pests can get fat on an unhealthy diet .
As part of a decade 's worth of research on cockroaches , Patricia Moore of the University of Exeter studied how female cockroaches change their mating behavior in response to their diet , specifically what they eat when they are young .
" We already knew that what they eat as adults influences reproductive decisions , " Moore said .
But just how the food they consumed early in life shaped these decisions was n't known .
To find out , Moore and her colleagues picked young female cockroach nymphs and divided them into two dietary groups .
Half were fed a good - quality balanced diet of protein - rich fish food and high - carbohydrate oatmeal , while the rest were raised on fish food only .
Both groups were allowed to eat as much as they wanted .
The difference in diets " was not quantity but variety , " Moore said .
After the last molt , when the nymphs became adults , the team switched the diets of some animals .
Half of the cockroaches raised with good quality diet lost their oatmeal , while half of the bugs fed poorly were promoted to a good - quality diet .
Eighteen days after the switch , the diet control ended and some of the surviving cockroaches were dissected .
The rest were allowed to live on and reproduce .
The results :
While the lifespan of the members of both groups was about the same , the cockroaches on the poor diet were fatter and took longer to mature .
Moore suggests that the poorly fed bugs were storing up excess fat at the expense of their growth in case their dietary options got even worse .
" This was a surprising result , " Moore said , " but it shows the importance of a balanced diet for healthy development . "
The effects of unbalanced meals continued throughout the cockroaches ' lives , even for the few that were switched to good - quality food .
Females that ate a poor - quality diet were less willing to mate and less likely to produce offspring .
They were also more picky and spent more time considering possible mates .
The findings , detailed in the June 24 issue of the journal Proceedings of the Royal Society B , found , that " poor diets [ during early life ] have an effect on the way cockroaches respond to their environment and cannot be reset later on , " Moore said .
A man wanders out of the desert after a four year absence .
His brother finds him , and together they return to L.A. to reunite the man with his young son .
Soon after , he and the boy set out to locate the mother of the child , who left shortly after the man disappeared .
Written by Ed Sutton < esutton@mindspring.com >
A team of researchers combined biological and electronic components to create this bio-nanocircuit consisting of protein molecules in lavender inserted into a lipid membrane surrounding a silicon wire only 30 nanometers in diameter in gray .
( Scott Dougherty / Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory )
( PhysOrg.com ) --
A hybrid of silicon nanocircuits and biological components that mimics some of the processes that control the passage of molecules into and out of cells has been created by a team of scientists from UC Davis , Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory and UC Berkeley .
The lipid - coated nanocircuits could lead to the development of new classes of bio-sensing tools and biological applications , such as comprehensive blood - chemistry tests that fit on the point of a needle or screening tools for the development of new drugs .
“ This is an example of a marriage between integrated circuit technology and biotechnology , ” said Pieter Stroeve , a professor of chemical engineering and materials science at UC Davis and one of three lead scientists on the project .
“ The technology of both can be mass produced , so in theory , their integration can also be mass produced . ”
A paper describing the research was posted Aug. 10 in the early online edition of Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences and published in the journal ’s Aug. 18 issue .
While modern communications devices rely on electric fields and currents to carry the flow of information , biological systems are much more complex .
Their use of membrane receptors , channels and pumps to control chemical signals within and between cells is unmatched by even the most powerful computers .
Because these complex operations have the potential for enhancing technological systems , scientists have been trying to develop techniques to blend the systems together .
An added advantage of such a fusion is its potential for miniaturization .
“ If you want to go to the nanoscale of circuit technology , some of the components need to be so small that they are either very difficult to produce , or they may fail , ” Stroeve said .
“ On the other hand , many biological components have the tendency to self - assemble .
And that ’s what we built our work on . ”
To create their hybrid system , Stroeve and lead scientist Aleksandr Noy , a chemist at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory , and Costas Grigoropoulos , a professor of mechanical engineering at UC Berkeley , turned to lipid bilayer membranes : the thin films that surround cells , acting as gatekeepers for molecules passing into and out of the cell .
Using a technique they had previously developed , the team immersed nano - scale transistors made of silicon wire into a suspension of lipid molecules in water .
Attracted to the negatively charged nanowire surfaces , the lipids accumulated onto them , forming a double layer that served to insulate the wires ’ electrical properties as well as shield them from the surrounding water .
The team fused proteins from bacteria called Gramicidin A and Alemethicin into the lipid bilayers .
In living cells these proteins serve as channels for molecules crossing the membrane .
By creating a voltage difference across the membrane , the researchers found that they could open and close the protein channels .
“ This is much the same thing that happens in a cell , ” Stroeve explained .
“ Now that we can open and close these channels , we can , in effect , regulate our system ’s ability to sense chemicals in its environment . ”
The study ’s two lead authors — Julio Martinez and Nipun Misra — were graduate students when they did the work .
Martinez worked with Stroeve at UC Davis and Misra was a student at UC Berkeley .
Other contributors to the study were Shie - Chieh Huang , at UCLA , and Yinmin Wang , at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory .
Martinez , Misra and Huang also held Student Employee Graduate Research Fellowship positions at the national laboratory when they did the work .
Provided by UC Davis ( news : web )
Explore further Nanoelectronic transistor combined with biological machine could lead to better electronics
FX ’s Landgraf talks “ Powers ” pilot , possibility of “ Riches ” movie
After FX ’s executive session , I managed to catch up with network president John Landgraf and ask him about the status of the series based on Brian Michael Bendis ’s “ Powers . ”
Unfortunately , there has n’t been much more forward motion since Bendis broke the news about the adaptation during the New York Comic - Con in February .
“ It ’s in development , ” Landgraf reconfirmed .
“ We ’ve seen a draft of the script , we ’ve given the notes on it , and we ’re waiting on another draft .
But I liked it . ”
If you ’re wondering , Landgraf has read the original source material , and he ’s aware of the challenge inherent in transforming it from the page to the tube .
“ You saw this also with ‘ Watchmen ’ when it came out , ” he said .
“ You ’re making a property , you ’re trying to figure out how to take something from a comic book into a TV show , you ’re trying to make something that both satisfies the hardcore fans of the property , the story , and the characters , but also has the ability to introduce a new , broader audience to it .
That ’s really hard to do .
That ’s always a struggle , I think , when you ’re working with a well - respected graphic novel .
So that ’s what we ’re working on right now . ”
Landgraf also spoke to “ The Riches , ” which he selected as the show during his time with FX that he most wished had taken off , acknowledging that there had indeed been a very real chance for the series to earn a third season .
“ The ratings did fall off a lot in Season 2 , ” Landgraf admitted , “ and yet we still thought long and hard .
It was a very close choice and a very difficult choice , because it ’s hard to say goodbye to that kind of quality .
And to see what Dmitri Lipkin has gone on and done with ‘ Hung ’ on HBO … we knew we had a real talent on our hands , and those are some of the hardest choices that you have to make . ”
One suspects it was probably even harder once Eddie Izzard began trumpeting how he was prepared to continue doing “ The Riches ” for many years to come .
“ He was ready , ” Landgraf agreed , “ and there was a journey for those characters that was a journey that * I * really wanted to see , one that I thought was just a really sound , really inspired idea beyond Season 2 … which , unfortunately , was the last one we did .
But at the end of the day , we just felt like we had to make room for something else . ”
Given that interest , would Landgraf be willing to revisit “ The Riches ” for an FX movie ?
“ I would never say never . ”
Diplomatic Language Changes : Semantics or Policy Shift ?
There has been a story brewing for a while about seemingly subtle changes that have been appearing in the language of Canada ’s foreign affairs documents and memos .
These changes have not been generated by members of our diplomatic corps , but have in fact been the result of political directives from ministry staffers .
The changes seem minor at first glance .
Terms like “ gender equality ” and “ child soldiers ” are to be replaced with “ equality of men and women ” and “ children in armed conflict ” .
“ International humanitarian law ” is now simply “ international law ” , and the phrases “ good governance , ” “ public diplomacy ” , “ human security ” and “ Responsibility to Protect ” are to be stricken altogether .
Of course , diplomacy is all about language .
Precise language .
Language that has legal and political implications .
And so this seemingly arbitrary attempt to change the language used by our diplomats and foreign service workers is being met with resistance .
Foreign Affairs Minister Lawrence Cannon insists that “ it is up to the departments to execute the policies that the Canadian population supported and acknowledged by putting this government in place . ”
The problem is , there has n’t actually been any public statement or debate in parliament or DFAIT position paper developed or any official communication to the international community that Canada will , for example , be retreating from our condemnation of the use of child soldiers , or standing against the notion of Responsibility to Protect .
The latter policy is a perfect example of why language is so important in these cases .
‘ Responsibility to Protect ’ ( R2P ) was originally adopted by the UN in 2005 as a way to hold states responsible for protecting their own citizens from genocide , ethnic cleansing , war crimes , etc .
The policy is currently being debated and re-evaluated at the United Nations , a move instigated by their new president Miguel D’Escoto Brockmann .
Several nations are beginning to question the implications of R2P on foreign policy and are trying to devise ways to prevent it from being used as an excuse for the larger powers to meddle or invade .
It ’s a complex and nuanced issue , and the current UN debates underscore the necessity for Canada to craft well thought - out foreign policy positions that truly represent who we are as a nation .
Instead , it appears that our government would prefer to make these complex issues disappear by simply hitting the ‘ delete ’ button , for reasons that seem to have more to do with political ideology than sound foreign policy .
For years , Emmett Salberg Jr. has been poking fun at the City of Eagan and its former mayor by posting unflattering parody on his Web site , cityofeagan.org .
City officials have long complained the Web address was too similar to the city ’s own , tripping up online visitors looking for information on municipal services .
They privately labeled him a “ 1 percenter ” — one of a small group of residents who take up large chunks of city staff time with frequent requests for information about sometimes frivolous concerns .
County prosecutors now contend Salberg has gone too far — by using his “ parody ” site to target a private individual .
A criminal complaint filed by the Dakota County attorney ’s office this week accuses Salberg of posting derogatory images online of an Eagan man and demanding thousands of dollars to pull them down .
Salberg , 44 , faces two counts of felony coercion and one count of gross misdemeanor harassment .
The victim ’s wife approached Eagan police this month and said the harassment started after her husband had an affair with Salberg ’s wife , according to the charges .
She told police the affair ended in September .
Two months later , Salberg effectively waged electronic war by sending the couple frequent e-mails and posting doctored images on his Web site , the complaint states .
One of the doctored images was of the man with writing superimposed over his shirt that read , “ I cheat on my wife . ”
Typed on the page was the text , “ This King Douche cheated on his wife for 2.5 years while he made her work two jobs to make up for his low paying job he has at ( his employer ) . …
While ( victim ) said he was working , he was really cheating on his wife and giving away marijuana from his garage . ”
Another image was of the son of the victim ’s wife , with print superimposed over the son ’s sweat shirt that read , “ My daddy shaves his pee pee . ”
Salberg allegedly refused to take the sites down unless the man apologized for the affair .
In December , Salberg claimed he had access to the victim ’s e-mail address book and threatened to send messages to all of the couple ’s “ friends , relatives , hockey parents ” letting them know “ what a cheating little bitch ” the man was , according to charges .
The message read : “ In fact , if I was to send them all a note just before Christmas , you would have something to talk about at get - togethers .
I guess you will just have to wait and see .
Happy holidays . ”
In June , Salberg allegedly let the couple know that whenever anyone typed the victim ’s name into Google , the first Web site that popped up would redirect them to cheaters.com .
He said he would sell the couple the site for $ 5,000 , according to the complaint .
“ He stated that he believed that the victim would soon be looking for new employment , ” the complaint reads .
“ He said it would n’t be helpful to have that Web site come up every time someone Googled the victim ’s name . ”
Salberg was arrested by warrant this week and booked briefly into the Dakota County Jail .
A reporter ’s repeated efforts to interview him were unsuccessful .
Salberg ’s Web site , cityofeagan.org. , was still operational Thursday but no longer displays images of the victim .
Despite the city ’s past dispute with Salberg , Eagan spokesman Tom Garrison said the city played no role in initiating the criminal investigation .
In March , the city ’s efforts to force Salberg to abandon the site fell flat after a negative ruling from the National Arbitration Forum .
Eagan officials also were interested in acquiring city - ofeagan.com , which directs traffic to Salberg ’s site .
But under a legal agreement Salberg and his wife signed July 6 , the city paid them $ 2,000 for the domain names .
Garrison said Thursday that the transfer was under way and that the sites could be in the city ’s possession within the next few days .
Salberg ’s recent posting on the site indicates he will be abandoning it .
The last message is entitled “ Good bye . ”
Frederick Melo can be reached at 651-228-2172 .
When one thinks of Robert “ The Todd ” Maschio from Scrubs getting in a fight , what your Cheerio - addled mind would conjure up may feature some sort of thong catapult , followed by a series of Violent Fives but really , how could he ?!
He ’s the Todd , he ’s all about the ( inappropriate ) love !
We were shocked and appalled to hear that our fornicating friend allegedly attacked bartender Tom Binder , grabbing him by the necktie and causing Binder to choke .
Now Maschio is facing assault and battery charges .
Which begs the question , how would one slap down a Prison - Five ?!
Even worse ,
The Todd was not in a seedy bar when the offence occurred but making an appearance at a Make - A - Wish Foundation charity event .
That ’s got to be sinking to an all time low – to quote Mrs Lovejoy from the Simpsons , “ Will someone please think about the children ! ”
For other Scrubs newsage , click here for an update on the show ’s comeback chances and its emotional finale .
Or for celeb - spazz outs , check out our Top 5 Celebrities on a Rampage .
George Lawton wrote a a good summary of my JavaOne talk in his article titled Google App Engine plus Amazon AWS : Best of both worlds
Google App Engine ( GAE ) is focused on making development easy , but limits your options .
Amazon Web Services is focused on making development flexible , but complicates the development process .
Real enterprise applications require both of these paradigms to achieve success …
What we really want is the flexibility and performance of AWS and the simplicity and ease of use of GAE .
This is exactly what we had been working on for the past year , leading us to the launch of our new cloud platform .
With this platform we leverage GigaSpaces XAP as the high performance scale - out application server and Amazon as the robust and flexible IaaS .
Together they form an alternative Platform as a Service geared for enterprise grade applications .
This allows the cloud environment to inherit the extreme performance , latency and scalability of the XAP platform , which in turn enables achieving your performance and scaling target with less machines , implying a lower cost .
Real - life case study : Primatics financial – Risk analysis as a service
Francis de la Cruz and Argyn Kuketayev from Primatics Financial joined me through the presentation .
In their part of the session they described their experience in developing a SaaS application for Real Time analytics .
Kuketayev described how Primatics used this approach to create a new automatically scaling cloud version of an existing banking application .
Primatics initially developed a mortgage securities application that allows banks to estimate the value of a basket of hundreds of thousands of loans .
The value of these loans fluctuates as economic conditions change and some portion of home owners cannot afford to make payments on their loans .
Banks normally only need to assess the value of these loans at the end of each month , making them an ideal candidate for cloud services like AWS .
From a scalability perspective the challenge is to be able to provide a highly multi-tenant application that need to serve many firms , many users in that same firm each running many jobs at the same time .
Implementing such a model can be fairly complex as you will need to be able to manage the life cycle of each job and each user independently and in isolation from one another .
Trying to build such a service directly on Amazon is going to be fairly complex , as you can learn from George ’s summary below :
Primatics wrote the first version of EVOLV : Risk as a hosted web application for a regional bank ..
The application needed to be fault tolerant so that if one node crashed , they did not have to restart the application over again from the beginning .
Kuketayev said that it is not just about the loss of four hours , but the office is trying to close out the month and needs to access data to end the monthly cycle so they can go home .
Using GigaSpaces ' toolset they rewrote the entire application infrastructure in about four - months to run on top of AWS .
Now they can kick off as many instances as required for different banking customers , and each instance runs significantly faster than before .
Kuketayev said that it is important for banks that none of their applications run on the same infrastructure as another bank .
The diagram below shows the specific architecture that Primatics ended up using .
Those that are familiar with Space Based Architecture would find it fairly straight forward :
The application is built out of a set of processing units .
Each processing unit contains the compute agents in the form of a polling - container .
The compute agents gets a a reference to a remote Data Grid that is shared by all processing units .
Each agent gets the job injected to it by the polling container and gets a reference to the data it required to process the job .
Once the job is completed , the result is stored back in the space .
The results are flashed out back to a database through a mirror service .
In a case of a failure , other compute agents are able to continue from the exact point of failure and continue the job processing as if nothing happened .
This is because the state of the job is kept safe in the data - grid and not in the agent ’s memory .
Kuketayev from Primatics nicely summarized thye lesson he learned after going through the experience of trying to build it on his own vs. trying to use GigaSpaces :
Kuketayev said that one of the biggest lessons is that you need to have your infrastructure do the provisioning for you automatically , or otherwise you end up spending a lot of time just turning things on and off .
He said they are now using configuration APIs to automate this process , whereas before they were using scripts .
This allow for automatically throttling and failover recovery without human intervention .
Kuketayev advised " You need to make sure you use the right tools …
You do n't want to have to worry about provisioning and reliability .
Make sure you have provisioning , failover , monitoring and SLA out of the box . "
The full JavaOne presentation is available here :
Final words
Fr solution providers the size of Primatics , building a risk analysis application as a service could n’t be possible without cloud computing .
Cloud enabled them to offer their solution as a service without the need to go through major investment of building a data center to support it .
Primatics ’ experience is not special .
One of the benefits of building Software as a Service is that you have one shared environment for all your customers .
At the same time , one of the challenges is that in a shared environment , failure becomes more public and will impact ALL your clients .
If the system does n’t scale well , you ’re going to be hit twice as hard as in a standalone application .
Building a robust and scalable SaaS application can be fairly complex .
A good cloud infrastructure will get you a first class data center , but it wo n’t solve your application requirements .
What ’s interesting with cloud computing is that it forces you to think about the cost and efficiency of your application more than ever before .
In the Primatics example , running a simulation of 100 nodes for 3 hours is very likely to fail at some point .
A failure during such a simulation will immediately cost you 300 hours , not to mention the fact that you might lose the simulation window for the day and the reputation challenge you ’ll will be facing with your customers .
In addition , putting the data in - memory and making the application run 3 - 5 times faster means that you would need 1/5 of the machine power , which saves 80 % of the cost of running the application .
I believe that the challenges imposed by cloud computing force us to focus on what we do best and avoid investing in areas which are not core to our business .
Because the pay - per-use model significantly lowers the cost barrier , going down the path of writing your own infrastructure , as many have tried to do before , will be much more expensive and risky then ever before .
References :
He said : " It is a defence mechanism .
If you go too near them they rear up like this to try and scare off predators .
Now , this is a classic video :
A couple of weeks ago , Glenn Beck went on the air on his radio program and described an encounter he had on an Amtrak train with Barbara Walters and Whoopi Goldberg .
It was , like so much of Beck 's schtick , a ( ahem ) highly exaggerated account intended to ( a ) make Beck look good , and ( b ) make a point about those awful librul media elites or something .
Actually , much of it was outright fabrication .
And they called him on it when they hosted him on The View this morning .
Beck keeps smiling and laughing , but his backside is nailed to the wall , and it 's hilarious to see him squirm .
You really should watch it for yourselves .
But suffice to say , " Glenn Beck " and " lying sack of dog mess " are now two phrases that will be permanently intertwined .
So maybe the next time they have Beck on , they should ask him about his bizarre fantasies about having sex with his sister .
That might be even more fun .
Guinness Extra Stout
Guinness Brewing Company New Brunswick , CA
Info : “ This is it , the one that started it all .
Crafted to perfection for over 200 years , GUINNESS ® EXTRA STOUT is descended from the definitive West India Porter known as Extra Superior Porter .
Crack it open , and the first sip tastes as fresh as ever .
The unmistakable deep - dark color , the crisp hint of roasted barley , the fresh breeze of hops , and the refreshing bite all make for the bittersweet reward . ”
Hey , look at that !
Another DARK beer !
What are the odds ?
Well , I figured after a few of the lighter fare of late , I ’d go back a bit to my dark ‘ roots ’ ( get the hair joke there ? yeah … kinda lame ) .
Therefor , as it was yet to enter my collection ’s lexicon , I snatched it up for a meager $ 7.99 a six .
Not too shabby considering I live in the ONLY state with a dime refund ( that ’s sixty additional cents , my friends ) added to the fee .
Oh well .
Most often , a Guinness offers up its classic head that performs its mystic crawling ability right before your very eyes , and then , like the magician it is , sidles off into the wings .
This Extra Stout , however , has a nice rich and creamy head that looks not unlike a dessert topping … hmm , maybe I ought to try … no , not a good idea .
Anyway , the aroma is purely Guinness : sweet , caramel-y , and rich with hops .
It ’s such a nice smell that stands so very far apart from its stout brethren that do n’t have a recipe in the Emerald Isle .
The scent is unmistakable .
Once opened up nicely inside the mouth , the sweetness is so very apparent and reminds me of a chocolate caramel candy ( almost Cracker Jack - like , even ) … and then just like that , it changes completely into its hoppy disguise with that cloak of tasty bitterness .
It ’s quite reminiscent of roasted barley as it crashes lovingly into the cloying staying power of the bitter hops .
It ’s a Guinness masterpiece all the way .
Yes , it remains bitter for good long while .
In fact , I have n’t had a sip in about two minutes and it still tastes like I just had the last one .
But I do like it .
If you love Guinness , I ’d say this is the way to go for their best , and first , achievement .
Rating : * * * 1/2
Low , you say ?
Maybe .
Though it is a Guinness , and it is a classic , and , yes , it is a stout … it ’s just a little too bitter .
Maybe another from the Guinness family is in order to raise the grade .
Remember this guy ?
Curious Urgency is probably my favorite story .
I had this page half done when word came in for more Vivian so here it is .
I love making comics and I love having people read them and hearing what they think .
Thanks for all the feedback , I love it .
I was just wondering today how the comics appeal , or do n’t , to the female reader .
I think there ’s some stuff on the site that has some cross -over appeal .
I mean , they ’re not too phallocentric are they ?
I might have to work on this .
If the major record labels are to believed , they lose millions of dollars due to YouTube pirates .
But is this really the case ?
While anti-piracy outfits try to have all infringing music taken offline or have the audio on pirated YouTube clips disabled , the band Barcelona responded with a video thanking a video uploader for using their song .
Every day hundreds of thousands of clips are uploaded to YouTube , some of which use copyrighted music .
Of course the major record labels argue that these illegal uploads are killing their profits as people buy less music when YouTube users add a track to a home made video .
Not everyone in the music business agrees with this assessment though .
When the indie rock band Barcelona saw one of its latest tracks featured in a viral video with nearly a million views , they responded quite differently .
They claim that the clip below actually boosted their album sales and concert visits .
Kuroshio Sea featuring the Barcelona track
So , instead of demanding that YouTube pull the video , the band posted a response to the ‘ Kuroshio Sea ’ video on the site , thanking their new found fans and the uploader who posted the original video .
“ We ’re so flattered to learn that it features one of our songs called Please Do n’t Go , ” Barcelona ’s lead singer Brian Fennell says in the video response .
“ We want to let you know that it ’s been affirming in the last week to watch in the iTunes store a correlation with the sales of our record ‘ Absolutes ’ , growing in the rock charts as a result of having the song placed in the video , ” drummer Rhett Stonelake added .
Barcelona ’s response
Aside from the boost in record sales , the band says that they ’ve also met some new fans who came to their concerts after seeing the video on YouTube .
It is a great way of promoting music online , especially when it ’s coupled to a great video .
Unfortunately for most artists , anti-piracy outfits such as the RIAA , BPI and IFPI are increasingly policing YouTube to get all copyrighted music taken off the site .
One such artist to suffer recently is the unfortunate Calvin Harris , who clashed with the music industry lobby group BPI .
“ IT ’S MY FUCKING SONG YOU ABSOLUTE BASTARDS , ” Harris wrote on Twitter when he found out that YouTube had removed a clip he uploaded himself , following a copyright complaint from the BPI .
“ FUCK YOU ‘ The BPI ’ what have you ever done for anybody you useless shower of cunts , ” he added .
As if that was n’t enough Harris labeled the BPI the “ worst organization to ever walk the earth ” and their online employees “ massive retards . ”
Like many other artists , Harris just wants his music to be heard , and he believes that putting a clip on YouTube might in fact introduce new people to his music .
If people like what they hear , they might even buy his album or visit his gigs , much like what happened with Barcelona .
YouTube is free promotion for bands and artists , it has the potential to drive revenue instead of killing it .
It is time for the major labels and anti-piracy outfits to listen to the artists for once , and perhaps ask them if they actually want to have their content removed or not .
Aus Piratenwiki
Auf dieser Seite sammeln wir " Plakatfouls " , also überklebte , gestohlene , beschädigte oder verunstaltete Piratenpartei - Plakate .
Bitte ein Foto und eine Angabe zu Ort und Zeit der Beobachtung eintragen !
Die Liste ist sortiert nach den Parteien , deren Plakate zum Überkleben benutzt wurden .
Bei Beschädigungen an Piratenpartei - Plakaten ist es sinnvoll Anzeige gegen Unbekannt zu erstatten .
Nicht immer ist die Partei oder Jugendorganisation , mit deren Plakat oder Aufkleber unser Plakat überklebt wurde , auch verantwortlich .
Siehe auch Kurioses aus dem Wahlkampf 2009 und dokumentierte Regelverstöße .
Überklebte , gestohlene oder beschädigte Plakate
Union
23.08.2009 Niedernhausen , Hessen : Mehrere Plakate durch CDU Plakate ersetzt .
" Plakatleichen " über Zäune geworfen , etc. Alle Parteien plakatieren ILLEGAL an Laternen , Hauptverkehrsstraßen , usw .
29.08.2009 Hamburg Innenstadt
Die Spitalerstrasse verbindet den hamburger Haupfbahnhof mit der Mönkebergstrasse , der bekanntesten Einkaufsstrasse Hamburgs .
Genau hier wir am 28.08 .
um 23.19 zwei Plakate in traumhafter Lage positioniert .
Als wir nach ca. 3 Stunden plakatieren an der gleichen Stelle wieder vorbei gingen habe wir nicht schlecht gestaunt als uns nun Frau Merkel angegrinste wo vorher unsere Plakate standen .
" Die Kanzlerin kommt " die Frage ist nur was hat Sie mit unseren Piraten Plakaten gemacht hat ?
Die Plakatdiebe haben dabei unser Befestigungsmaterial an Ort uns Stelle zurückgelassen .
Wir haben noch gleich nachts Strafanzeige bei der Polizei gestellt .
Die Strafanzeige haben wir leider nicht als Kopie bekommen können , uns liegt aber das Aktenzeichen vor .
Die CDU Plakate wieder abzunehmen und durch Piratenplakate zu ersetzen wurde uns untersagt .
Uns wurde geraten uns stattdessen bei der zuständigen Wahlaufsicht über den Vorgang zu beschweren .
Die Polizisten waren übrigens sehr hilfsbereit .
Wie wir den Fall weiter angehen wollen muss nun geklärt werden .
DrebinX
01.09.2009 Hamburg Innenstadt
Wenige Meter von dem oben genannten PlakatFoul .
Habe ich heute dieses hier gesehen .
Strafanzeige wurde von mir noch nicht gestellt .
Marco 17:53 , 1 . Sep. 2009 ( CEST )
14.09.2009 Hamburg Innenstadt
Heute Mittag war das Piratenplakat an dieser Stelle wieder ( oder immer noch ? ) zugestellt .
Ich habe das CDU - Plakat entfernt und damit gleichzeitig auch noch den hier gefährlich engen Radweg befreit .
Michel 22:42 , 14 . Sep. 2009 ( CEST )
02.09.2009 Bruckmühl Troppauerstrasse
Piratenplakate mit CSU Plakaten überklebt .
-- Andizo 23:12 , 2 . Sep. 2009 ( CEST )
03.09.09 Götschetal , Ort : Drobitz
Piratenplakat von urspr .
Platz entfernt , unten " abgelegt " und cdu-plakat an der Stelle aufgehängt .
=> komme mit dem hochladen der bilder hier nicht zurecht , deshalb der link : http://forum.piratenpartei.de/viewtopic.php?f=25&t=10421#p131059
entdeckt : 23.00 uhr , 03.09.09 die route wird morgen 04.09.09 abgefahren und geprüft , ob weitere plakate entfernt / beschädigt wurden .
-- zora
07.09.2009 Bichl Landkreis Bad Tölz , Hauptstraße
Piratenplakate mit CSU Plakaten überklebt .
Strafanzeige wird morgen gestellt ( falls keine ordentliche Entschuldigung der CSU kommt ) .
Plakat wurde von Polizei fotographiert und als Beweismittel sichergestellt .
Ordnung wieder hergestellt ! :)
( Ookujam 17:46 , 7 . Sep. 2009 ( CEST ) )
UPDATE : Habe gerade eben die Mail vom Ortsvorsitzenden erhalten !
Benutzer : Ookujam / Entschuldigung_CSU
Was denkt ihr , lassen wir das so stehen ?
-- Ookujam 19:35 , 12 . Sep. 2009 ( CEST )
10.09.2009 Paul Lehrieder verdeckt Piratenplakat
CSU plakatiert wieder ohne Rücksicht .
An die 1 Plakat / Partei Regel halten sich alle außer CSU und REP
SPD / Jusos
21.08.2009 Plakate vor dem Kölner Dom überklebt durch Aufkleber der Jusos
22.08.2009 Die SPD in Georgsmarienhütte ( Niedersachsen ) ignoriert Piratenplatzhalter :
23.08.2009 Die SPD ( und die Linken ) in Dautphetal ( Hessen ) überplakatieren unsere Plakate :
25.08.2009
Unbekannte haben in Hochheim ein PP
Plakat entfernt und eins der SPD aufghängt , besonders dreist ist , dass das Befestigungsmaterial der Piraten genutzt wurde .
Dies wurde wieder rückgängig gemacht .
25.08.09 ( Datum der Entdeckung )
Auf dem Schusterplatz ( Spielplatz ) in Wuppertal wurde von unbekannten erst das Piratenplakat zerissen , dann von der REP überklebt , mitsamt dem darüberklebendem Plakat noch mehr zerissen und dann kamen die Kleber des SPD - OB - Kandidaten Bell .
( Die Litfaßsäule wird eigentlich von der Firma Ströer im Auftrag der Stadt beklebt und darf nicht von den Parteien selbst überklebt werden . )
29.8.2009
Auf eine Plakatwand in Pressath wurde ein Piratenplakat teilabgerissen , und mit einem SPD Plakat überklebt .
Der SPD Stadtrat Roland Merkel hat die
Tat telefonisch verurteilt und mich an den SPD Bürgermeister Konrad Merkel verwiesen .
Ich warte noch auf Rückruf von Herrn Konrad Merkel .
Update : Ich habe ein neues Plakat an einen freien Platz angebracht :
3.9.2009
In Pöcking waren alle Plakatwände mit je zwei Plakaten der üblichen Verdächtigen beklebt .
( Sofern nicht abgerissen oder wegen schlechtem Klebens runtergefallen ) .
Auf Protest bei der gemeinde hin wurde uns gesagt , wir sollten überkleben .
Am Kirchenweg haben wir ein SPD - Plakat überklebt .
Die SPD meint allerdings , wir hätten keine Rechte auf ein Plakat und hat wiederum überklebt .
Nein , natürlich nicht die SPD .
Unbekannte Vandalen im Besitz eines SPD - Wahlplakats .
10.9.09 : # plakatfoul der spd- gegen die # piraten + in #hamm L: Hamburg .
Die haben auch noch unseren draht benutzt !
http://twitpic.com/h7q6o
Da standen auch mal 2 . -- Mokrates 22:58 , 10 . Sep. 2009 ( CEST )
14.09.09 : Plakatfoul der SPD gegen die Piraten in Lippe im Stadtgebiet von Barntrup .
Es wurden Plakate ( A3 ) abgerissen bzw .
teilweise überklebt .
-- Andreas70 07:37 , 15 . Sep. 2009 ( CEST )
20.09.09 : SPD überklebt Plakat der Piraten auf einer städtischen Plakatwand :
FDP
Hamburg Wartenau Ecke Eilenau
3.9 . 7:48 Uhr
6.9 . 15:29 Uhr
6.9 . 15:31 Uhr
21.9 . 7:49 Uhr
Herrsching Rauscher Str./ Einmündung Hechendorfer Str. nähe FH
Hinweis :
Es ist noch nicht abschließend geklärt ob Foul oder genehmigtes Überkleben vorliegt .
11.09.2009 , Pinneberg , Friedrich Ebert Straße , Höhe : Bushaltestelle
Plakat lag umgedreht auf dem Rasen der neuapostolischen Kirche ( rechts im Bild ) , das Plakat hing zuvor am Laternenpfahl wo jetzt das FDP Plakat hängt .
Benutzer : Alexander SH
Die Grünen
Dresden - Twitter user @drake_rubicon meldet angeblich mit Grünen Aufkleber verunstaltetes Plakat in Dresden Hat kein Bild aber schreibt " ihr findet es an dem Plakat beim Senioren - Zentrum in der Nähe des Blauen Wunders . "
Kann da ein Dresdner mal nachguggen ?
Sk4477 23:45 , 22 . Aug. 2009 ( CEST )
Groß-Umstadt , Südhessen .
Grüne drehen unser Plakat von der Hauptstraße , Georg - August - Zinn - Straße weg und bringen ihr Plakat auf der " guten " Seite an .
Wurde nun wieder gerichtet .
-- Blablubb85 13:32 , 8 . Sep. 2009 ( CEST )
Plakate in der Schongauer Innenstadt ( beste Lage an einer kreisförmigen Einbahnstrasse ) wurden von den Grünen umgedreht und eigene Plakatständer angebracht , so dass unsere Schilder gegen die Fahrtrichtung hingen und die Grünen - Plakate mit .
Daraufhin haben wir natürlich gleich die Piratenplakate in doppelter Stärke wieder ins Ramenlicht gerückt ;) -- sirskunkalot 12:41 , 17 . Sep. 2009 ( CEST )
Nummer 1 :
Nummer 2 :
Dessau Friederikenplatz Plakat der Piratenpartei mit " Zweitstimme Grün " verunstaltet .
Beweisfoto vom 24.09.2009 unter : [ [ 1 ] ]
Direktkandidat der Grünen vor Ort ist Stefan Krabbes stefan.krabbes@gruene.de
Die Linke
Aufkleber der " linksjugend [ ' solid ] Landesverband Bayern " Mit Aufschrift " AUSBILDUNG FÜR ALLE ! SONST GIBTS KRAVALLE ! " war in Augsburg , Donauwörther Straße auf Höhe des Netto - Marktes gefunden und entfernt , wobei das Plakat leicht beschädigt wurde , aber zum Glück war derjenige der den Aufkleber hingemacht hat so dumm gewesen hinten nicht die gesammte Klebefläche frei zu legen .
In der selben Straße weiter Stadtauswärts war ein Plakat auf der anderen Straßenseite zu 3/4 abgerissen .
Daneben am Boden lag ein Flyer von eben dieser linksjugend .
-- Blablubbb 18:40 , 13 . Sep. 2009 ( CEST )
In Karlsruhe direkt gegenüber der Polizeistation am Marktplatz ( Sind die blind ?
Direkt am Eingang , man muss nur ausm Fenster gucken ... )
... und ebenso am Europaplatz :
Im Gespräch mit den Linken ( hatten ihren Infostand nicht weit von unserem ) kam heraus , das sie das selbe problem mit unseren Plakaten haben ( wie und wo auch immer ) und sie vermuteten , wir würden gegeneinander ausgespielt .
Insgesamt kollegiales , freundliches Gespräch .
Anzeige gegen unbekannt erstattet .
-- Thor 12:28 , 19 . Sep. 2009 ( CEST )
Frankfurt am Main
Ende eines Plakats - der Wahl " kampf " wird härter zum Endspurt hin !
In Frankfurt am Main in meiner Nachbarschaft hing ein Plakat der Piraten , das ich teilweise mehrmals am Tag , im vorbeigehen immer wieder in die richtige Position gerückt habe , damit es von Autofahrern gesehen werden konnte .
Heute am 23.09 .
kam ich gegen Mittag wieder an dem Plakat , bzw .
was davon übrig war und an der aktuellen Neugestaltung , vorbei :
NPD / JN
In der Zeit vom Abend des Mittwoch dem 9.09 bis zum Morgen des 11.09 wurde das Piratenplakat in Aßlar , Hessen , Stadtteil Berghausen Ortseingang mit einem NPD Plakat überklebt .
In Aßlar werden die Plätze auf den Plakat Tafeln von der Stadt zugeteilt .
Von links nach Rechts , Fotos des überklebten Plakates , ganz rechts der von der Stadt aufgestellte Belegungsplan .
Das Problem wurde mit einem neuen Plakat bereinigt .
In Solms wurde zwischen Mittwoch , dem 09.09 .
und Montag , dem 14.09 .
das Piratenplakat in Solms , Hessen , Stadtteil Burgsolms bei der Stadtverwaltung mit einem NPD Plakat überklebt .
Dieses war bei der Sichtung schon teilweise abgerissen .
Das Problem wird in den nächsten Tagen mit einem neuen Plakat behoben .
In Augsburg in der Dieselstraße schräg gegenüber der Tankstelle wurde ein Plakat zuerst zur Hälfte heruntergerissen und mit 2 Aufklebern von " Nationales Ausgburg " beklebt , einer Webseite , die von einem Diedorfer NPD - Mitglied betrieben wird .
Laut dieser Quelle [ [ 2 ] ] ist " Der Weg vom Bahnhof zu seinem Haus ( kaum 2 Minuten ) ist gepflastert mit Stickern von “ Nationales Augsburg ” " .
Hab das Plakat repariert und ein paar
Tage später war das Plakat dann ganz abgerissen und auf einem Doppelplakat etwa 200 Meter davon entfernt am Ende der Inneren Uferstraße kurz vor der Dieselbrücke waren auf einem 2 und auf dem anderen 3 Aufkleber für " infowars . com " angebracht und in der Zwischenzeit wurden zwischen diesen beiden Plakaten 4 NPD - Plakate aufgehängt .
Über die mit Aufklebern verschmutzten habe ich neue Plakate geklebt .
-- Blablubbb 19:02 , 13 . Sep. 2009 ( CEST )
NPD überklebt Piratenpartei in Warstein - Belecke .
Gesehen am 17.09.2009 .
-- CheekyBoinc 13:14 , 17 . Sep. 2009 ( CEST )
In Halle / Saale wurden beim Edeka an der Rabeninsel und an der S - Bahn - Hst Zoo , Nordausgang Plakate von unbekannt mit JN - Aufklebern beklebt ( Jugend wählt NPD ) ; wurden von anderen unbekannten teilweise wieder abgerissen , Plakate beschädigt .
Sandwurm 16:05 , 21 . Sep. 2009 ( CEST )
Hier hat die NPD in Kehl - Odelshofen das Plakat der Piraten überklebt : http://twitpic.com/jpze2
Piraten
In Verl hat ein Sympatisant der Piraten 4 Plakate der SPD und 1 NRW - Kommunalwahlplakat der FDP mit Piratenpartei -Plakaten überklebt .
-
Falls derjenige das hier liest , möge er sich bei mir melden .
-- Gimli 09:51 , 4 . Sep. 2009 ( CEST )
In Baienfurt ( Landkreis Ravensburg , Baden - Württemberg ) wurden von Unbekannten CDU - Plakate beschädigt bzw .
zerstört sowie mit Plakaten der Piraten überklebt ( lt. telefonischer Auskunft der Kripo Ravensburg ) .
Falls die für diesen Unfug Verantwortlichen das hier lesen , bitte bei der CDU entschuldigen und Schadenersatz leisten .
-- AndreasPraefcke 15:05 , 4 . Sep. 2009 ( CEST )
In Niederpöcking haben wir ein Plakat der Linken überklebt .
Die hat sich nicht die Arbeit mit dem erneuten überkleben gemacht , sondern unseres einfach abgerissen .
Nein , natürlich nicht die Linke. Unbekannte Vandalen .
in Karlsruhe wurden vermehrt ( nicht von mir , aber von Angehörigen ) Wellenreuther - Plakate gesichtet , auf die eine Augenklappe gemalt wurde ...
-- El Tripulante 20:37 , 10 . Sep. 2009 ( CEST )
in Germersheim haben Unbekannte auf Plakaten von CDU und FDP " piratige " Botschaften aufgekleppt .
Sowas schadet uns mehr als es uns nützt ...
-- Jan G. 17:05 , 11 . Sep. 2009 ( CEST )
in Stuttgart West ( Bismarckplatz ) hat irgendwer ein Großformatiges CDU Plakat mit dem Piraten - Plakat " Traue keinem Plakat " ( oder einem entsprechend erstellten Motiv , k.a. ob das offiziell ist ) überklebt
Sonstige oder unbekannt
In Aschaffenburg wurde ein Plakat von einem Mast gerissen , ein Kabelbinder war noch da , der andere fehlte .
Ein Teil des Plakats und der Hartfaserplatte war auch noch da .
( Anzeige erstattet ) .
-- Panky9 23:05 , 26 . Sep. 2009 ( CEST )
In Cham wurde ein Plakat verbrannt -- Vardamir 18:48 , 13 .
Sep. 2009 ( CEST )
In Oberstimm sind von den Plakaten die am Barthelmarkt aufgestellt waren 2 nicht auffindbar , evtl .
finden diese sich aber noch in irgendeinem Gebüsch ; 3 konnten wieder aufgestellt werden ( Trunkenheitsverluste :D )
Verluste Ingolstadt : Fauststraße 1 ( komplett entfernt ) Münchener Straße 2 ( abgezwickt und ein paar Meter weiter geschmissen ) Hallenbad 1 ( abgerissen ) Haunwöhrer Str. 2 ( abgerissen ) Bild
---- [ [ Benutzer : Boomel ] ] 20:09 , 5 . Sep. 2009 ( CEST )
In Freiburg sind schon ca. 30 Plakate entwendet worden .
Ein Dieb wurde mit 3 Plakaten von der Polizei gestellt .
Über die politischen Interessen des Diebs wurde nichts bekannt .
-- Navigator 18:20 , 22 . Aug. 2009 ( CEST )
In Freiburg wird der Plakat - Wahlkampf der Piraten weiterhin sabotiert .
Straßenweise werden Plakate entwendet , beschädigt oder zerstört - eine genaue Übersicht wird noch erstellt und Anzeige ( gegen unbekant ) gestellt -- Cruel 14.34 , 30 .
Aug. 2009 ( CEST ) / -- blackspear 15:11 , 30 .
Aug. 2009 ( CEST )
Übersicht Freiburg ( wird ständig erweitert ) : http://maps.google.com/maps/ms?ie=UTF&msa=0&msid=106269025212967950461.0004725b24bf69c15bac5
Cruel 15.50 , 30 .
Aug. 2009 ( CEST )
Freiburg 07.09.09 - entdeckt gegen 23 Uhr - Fehrebachallee - mehr dazu hier -> [ [ 3 ] ]
In Ludwigshafen wurden im Vorfeld des Schäuble Besuchs 4 Plakate im Umfeld des Veranstaltungsortes entwendet . -- scotty 18:44 , 28 . Aug. 2009 ( CEST )
In Hocheim sind schon ca. 10 Plakate beschädigt , entwendet oder zerstört worden .
Die mit dem Plakatieren beauftragt Firma heißt ASound & Light -- Valix 12:48 , 25 . Aug. 2009 ( CEST )
In Hannovers Innenstadt gab es am 23.08.2009 einen Angriff auf den Info - Stand .
Dabei wurden einige Plakate entwendet und weggeschmissen . [ 4 ]
In Zolling ist ein Plakat vom Gemeindeaushang ( der genau für solche Aushänge dient ) entfernt worden ; neben der dann leeren Stelle befindet sich jetzt ein Plakat der Rentnerpartei .
Das fehlende Plakat bereits ersetzt .
In Zolling wurde am 21.09.2009 ein frisch erneuertes Plakat am Gemeindeaushang mit Werbung für das Nandlstädter Hopfenfest übertackert ( trotz freier Aushangfläche ) .
Der Verantwortliche ist mir zwischenzeitlich bekannt , aber erst morgen erreichbar .
( Update : geklärt , der Veranstalter wird dem Dienstleister auf die Finger klopfen )
In Zolling wurde zwischen 30.08.2009 18:30 und 31.08.2009 7:30 ein Plakat restlos vom Plakatständer entfernt ( trotz perfekter Kleisterung ) .
Plakat ist bereits ersetzt .
Gleiches Plakat wurde vom 31.08.2009 19:00 auf 01.09.2009 8:00 wieder komplett entfernt .
Zolling : vom 10.09 . auf 11.09 .
wurde ein Plakat vor dem Edeka vom Plakatständer runtergerissen und angezündet .
Schaden ist bereits wieder behoben .
Ein mit einem Veranstaltungsplakat vom Europalace überklebtes Piratenplakat in Mainz .
Kontakt : Anduril - aka - IM-hans
1 Plakat in Freising verschwunden ( vorher : nachher : )
In Mayen wurde ein Plakat der Piratenpartei entwendet ( " Freiheit ist keine Randnotiz " ) .
Anzeige wird noch gestellt ; Bild folgt !
In Hamburg ( Bergedorf ) in der Straße : " Bergedorfer Markt " wurden vor H&M - 2 Plakate entwendet :
Strafanzeige wurde gestellt !
Kontakt : Melanie Carow
Düsseldorf - Am Mannesmanufer1 ( Vodafonetower ) Überklebtes Plakat .
Bitte liebe Piraten , schaut mal hin was da steht " Armut für alle " ist nicht der Slogan der Linken !
" Reichtum für Alle " ist der passende Slogan .
Das ist also lediglich ein Überkleber , der Stimmung zwischen Piraten und Linken machen soll !
- Selber Denken ! - ist doch unser Slogan , also bitte auch selber beherzigen .
Derk 09:57 , 29 .
Aug. 2009 ( CEST )
Frankfurt am Main ( Niederrad ) , Trinkhalle an der Rennbahn : Bis vor ein paar Tagen waren dort zwei markante und auffällig plazierte " Querdenken " - Plakate aufgehangen .
Die sind nun beide verschwunden .
Berlin - Treptow / Köpenick : Am S - Bahnhof Schöneweide wurde ein Plakat mit einem Aufkleber " verschönert " , am S - Bahnhof Treptower Park wurden zwei Plakat abgerissen .
-- Apflux 17:41 , 30 . Aug. 2009 ( CEST )
Rüsselsheim / Königstädten ( Höngenstr . ) : Ein Knut - Plakat mitsamt Träger und Befestigungsmaterial ist am Samstag ( 29.08.09 ) in der Zeit zwischen 14:00 und 23:00 komplett verschwunden -- Fjardim 13:23 , 1 . Sep. 2009 ( CEST )
Rüsselsheim / Innenstadt : Ein Knut - Plakat samt Träger ist im Bereich Heisenberg / Heinemann Gymnasium verschwunden ( zwischen Sonntag Abend und Montag Nachmittag ) -- Fjardim 13:23 , 1 . Sep. 2009 ( CEST )
Wuppertal : Hier geht inzwischen die Überklebepost ab , wobei nach meiner persönlichen Meinung noch nicht klar ist , ob die jeweiligen Parteien oder ein " aus der Spur laufender " Mitarbeiter des von der Stadt beauftragten Unternehmens für öffentliche Werbeflächen verantwortlich zu machen ist.
( Unvollständige ? )
Übersicht : http://wiki.piratenpartei.de/Bergisches_Land/Wahlwerbung#Gesch.C3.A4ndete_und_entwendete_Plakate -- Arnim 2009-09-03
Leonberg : Ein Plakat an einer Laterne in der Breslauer Str ( alte Autobahntrasse ) wurde heruntergerissen und liegt daneben ( s. Bild ) , beobachtet 2.9.2009 .
Außerdem beobachtet : vom Plakat am P&R - Parkhaus am Bahnhof ( Laterne ) fehlt jede Spur. -- Schwabirat 11:04 , 4 . Sep. 2009 ( CEST )
Neuss : Abgerissene Plakate nach Neusser Schützenfest . -- Tleo 15:43 , 4 . Sep. 2009 ( CEST )
Flensburg : Plakat wurde zwischen 4.09 .
17:15 und 05.09 .
14:30 an der Ecke Osteralle / Mürwiker Straße vollkommen vom offiziellen Plakatieraufsteller entfernt .
-- Tornum 18:01 , 5 . Sep. 2009 ( CEST )
Moers Abgerissene Plakate und beschädigte Plakate . --
Baynado 05.09.09 Dieses
Plakat wurde zerstört .
Es war auf der Essenbergerstr . in der Nähre eines Blumenladens befestigt .
Moers Abgerissene Plakate und beschädigte Plakate . --
Baynado 05.09.09
Die leere Hartfaserplatte war mit einem Piratenpartei Wahlplakat mit den Thema Bildung plakatiert .
Es hing auf der Wilhelm - Schroeder - Str. in der Nähe vom Gymnasium Adolfinum Moers .
Moers Abgerissene Plakate und beschädigte Plakate . --
Baynado 05.09.09
Diese beiden Plakate wurden beschädigt .
Eines davon weißt Kratzer von einem Messer oder einen anderen ähnlichen Gegenstand auf .
Die Plakate hängen wieder halbwegs in Moers Meerbeck Bismarckstr .
nähe Bahnschranken .
Moers Abgerissene Plakate und beschädigte Plakate . --
Baynado 05.09.09
Auch hing mal ein Plakat der Piratenpartei .
Es wurde komplett entfernt .
Zum Glück können wir die Hartfaserplatte weiter nutzen .
Das Plakat hing auf der Essenbergerstr .
nähe Kronprinzenstraße , in Moers / Asberg .
Hof : Königstr . : Plakat beim zuerst beschädigt nun abgerissen .
Plakat wird neu aufgestellt .
Bild kommt noch .
Anzeige noch nicht erstattet .-- Urban 14:09 , 6 . Sep. 2009 ( CEST )
Unterhaching b. München : Hartfaserplatte von Laterne entfernt , Plakat abgerissen .
Platte konnte gerettet werden , Ersatz ist aufgehängt .
Im Wiederholungsfall wird Anzeige erstattet Cws 07.09.2009
Neu -Isenburg ( Hessen ) : Plakat am Bahnhof soll unten sein , nicht unbedingt mutwillig beschädigt .
Bitte prüfen .
Lagebeschreibung : " es gibt 2 seiten .
die eine is eine große park&ride fläche , auf der anderen seite is ne art bahnhofskneipe .
auf der seite von der kneipe geht ne breite straße gerade weg .
direkt vorne am bahnhof wo die straße beginnt an einem pfosten . "
Schwalmstadt ( Hessen ) : Ein Plakat in der Nähe der Beruflichen Schulen Ziegenhain wurde von Unbekannten zerstört .
--- FlorianG
Mornshausen ( Hessen ) : Von einem Plakat in der Nähe der Ortseinfahrt wurde der obere Teil abgerissen - man sieht nur noch das Piraten Partei Logo
Berlin - Charlottenburg : Kantstraße , gesichtet am 08.09.2009 nahe Savignyplatz wurde ein Plakat zerstört
http://wiki.piratenpartei.de/images/thumb/6/69/20090908135428.th.jpg/90px-20090908135428.th.jpg
Ein Plakat vor der Dualen Hochschule in Mannheim sowie mehrere in der Augustaanlage waren an den Laternen " nach unten geschoben " .
Vor der DHBW hatte das den Effekt , dass ein vorbeifahrender Mähdrescher beim Schneiden des Rasens das Plakat beschädigt hat .
In der Augustaanlage waren auch mehrere Plakate verdreht bzw .
auf die gleiche
Art an den Laternenmasten so nach unten geschoben , dass man sie nicht mehr gesehen hat .
Habe alle Plakate wieder in " Fahrtrichtung " gedreht .
-- Cheatha 19:42 , 8 . Sep. 2009 ( CEST )
3.9.2009
In Pöcking waren alle Plakatwände mit je zwei Plakaten der üblichen Verdächtigen beklebt .
( Sofern nicht abgerissen oder wegen schlechtem Klebens runtergefallen ) .
Auf Protest bei der Gemeinde hin wurde uns gesagt , wir sollten überkleben .
Kaiserslautern
Dieses Plakat hängt in der nähe eines Gymansiums in Kaiserslautern Ein weiteres Plakat , das auch dort hing , wurde entwendet .
Augsburg , Donauwörterstraße : Vandalismus , Piratenplakat doppelt eingerissen ... etwa 100 m vor McDonalds stadtauswärts und gegenüber von Norma wurde ein Doppel - Plakat eingerissen und vom Baum runtergezogen , und aus Sichtsichtung gedreht .
Als ich es zum dritten Mal wieder aufgehängt hab , hab ich es richtig feste Hingemacht und den Ladenbesitzer bequatscht , ein Auge darauf zu werfen und seitdem hängt es noch .
Auf der gegenüberliegenden Seite war dafür das Plakat dann runtergemacht worden mit einer Drahtschere oder ähnlichem und auch das CSU - Plakat darunter hat es erwischt , hab aber nur unser Plakat wieder aufgehängt .
-- Blablubbb 19:32 , 13 . Sep. 2009 ( CEST )
In kronach wurden folgende Plakate ( doppelseitig ) " verschönert "
In Castrop - Rauxel wurde ein Plakat an einem Starenkasten ( Blitzer ) durch unbekannte Täter entfernt : Link zum Presseartikel
In Schongau wurde ein Doppelplakat von unbekannten Vandalen beschädigt .
Wurde sofort nachgebessert .
--sirskunkalot
FS Haltestelle Schlüter : Plakat wurde vom Ständer runtergerissen und in die Baustelle geworfen - ist bereits wieder ersetzt ( 21.09.2009 )
Halle / Saale : 4 Plakate auf der Ziegelwiese & 2 an der Peißnitzstraße abgenommen und Hartfaserplatten zerstört Sandwurm 16:07 , 21 .
Sep. 2009 ( CEST )
Neukirchen - Vluyn Abgerissene Plakate und beschädigte Plakate . --
DJGeneralKiller 21.09.09
Hier wurde beim Plakat der Kabelbinder getrennt und das Plakat an einen anderen Baum verkehrtherum aufgestellt .
Da am Wochenende ein Erntedankfest auf dieser Straße stattfand , vermute ich das dieses Plakat wahrscheinlich gestört hat und es deswegen entfernt wurde , denn ein Plakat der Grünen wurde mit einen DIN A4 Schild mit " WC " überklebt .
[ [ Datei: Plakatfoul_N-V_3.JPG|150 px ] ]
Hier wurde das Linke Standbein mutwillig abgerissen und auf dem Boden geworfen .
DJGeneralKiller 26.09.09
Hier haben wir ein Totalverlust , da morgen Wahltag ist und hier kein Wahllokal in der nähe ist , wurde dieses Plakat nicht ersetzt .
Daun :
In Daun wurden die Plakate von ALLEN Parteien mit dem Spruch " Wahlen ändern nichts !
Ansonstern wären sie verboten ! " überklebt .
Anzeige gegen unbekannt wurde erstattet und unsere Plakate wurden wieder befreit .
Weyhe : Ein Plakatstandort komplett incl. allem Befestigungsmaterial entfernt und durch Werbeplakate für eine Jobbörse ersetzt .
-- Luzifer 14:45 , 22 . Sep. 2009 ( CEST )
Inning am Ammersee : Die RRP hat uns überklebt .
Einschränkung der Pressefreiheit
Schleswig-Holsteinischen Zeitungsverlag
Der Schleswig-Holsteinischen Zeitungsverlag - Verbietet seinen 14 Tageszeitungen über Piraten und Freie Wähler zu berichten : [ 5 ]
Elektronische Zugriffsbeschränkungen
Dieser Bereich befasst sich mit Arbeitgebern , die die private Nutzung des Internets zulassen und Internetprovidern , welche einzelne Parteien ganz oder teilweisse sperren .
Bitte Screenshots uploaden und eintragen ob die Konkurrenten CDU , CSU , SPD , FDP und Grüne zu erreichen sind .
Erster Hinweis auf solche Machenschaften http://twitter.com/kleinerluxx/status/3534509903
Und auf welcher rechtlichen Grundlage ist dies dem Arbeitgeber untersagt ?
-- Fabian 22:47 , 26 . Aug. 2009 ( CEST )
Die gleiche wie bei regulären ISP , denn dieser Zugang ist eine Dienstleistung die als geldwerter Vorteil zu sehen ist .
Die Bundesregierung hat ja nur zur Bürokratievermeidung und zur Förderung des Internets auf die Steuererhebung verzichtet .
Presseartikel im Handelsblatt -- Carlos 01:16 , 27 . Aug. 2009 ( CEST )
Arbeitgeber dürfen Internetzugänge ganz sperren , beschränken oder komplett frei geben .
In größeren Betrieben wird dieses in Betriebsvereinbarungen geregelt .
Die Proxies dieser Firmen setzen dann z. B. WebSense ein , um bestimmte Kategorien zu filtern .
Üblicherweise werden Seiten mit klarem , nicht - Arbeitsbezug ( Sex , Auktionsseiten wie ebay , Netzwerke wie Facebook , o.ä. ) gesperrt .
Diese Einschätzung obliegt dem Arbeitgeber - der das auch mit politischen Seiten tun kann .
Arbeitgeber dürfen sogar die besuchten Seiten speichern , wenn dieses den Mitarbeitern gesagt und diese zugestimmt ( * hust * ) haben .
Schaut Euch mal Arbeitsgerichts - Urteile dazu an , da wird einem schlecht ;-)
Validom 11:04 , 1 . Sep. 2009 ( CEST )
Offizielle Seiten
Wahl - O - Mat der Bundeszentrale für politische Bildung
Die Autoren der Bundeszentrale wissen bestimmt wer im Bundestag vertreten ist. Der Zusatz ' in Fraktionsstärke ' ist echt gemein . ;O )
Aber leider ist er schon aus dem Grund nötig , dass man CDU / CSU gemeinsam betrachtet .
Ist eben nur bei Betrachtung von Fraktionen möglich .
Nachtrag : Anfänglich war es wirklich falsch formuliert .
Ich hatte mich noch gewundert warum die Piraten fehlen .
Inzwischen ist der Eintrag im Wahl - O - Mat geandert worden .
Hier die Mail :
Sehr geehrter Herr XXX , herzlichen Dank für Ihre Mail zum Wahl - O - Mat und Ihren wichtigen Hinweis , dass die Piratenpartei durch Herrn Tauss im Bundestag vertreten ist .
Unsere Formulierung im Wahl - O - Mat war in diesem Zusammenhang leider missverständlich .
Mit der Aussage " aller im Bundestag vertretenen Parteien " wollten wir diejenigen Parteien darstellen , die mit mehr als 5 % aller bundesweiten Stimmen bei der letzten Wahl 2005 in den Bundestag gewählt wurden .
Wir haben nun die Formulierung eindeutig der eigentlichen Intention unserer Auswahl angepasst .
Es heißt nun " Im oberen gelben Kasten finden Sie die Parteien , die bereits in Fraktionsstärke im Bundestag vertreten sind . "
Mit freundlichen Grüßen Im Auftrag Stephan XXX und Pamela XXX Bundeszentrale für politische Bildung / bpb Online - Redaktion Adenauerallee 86 53113 Bonn
To me , the “ heroic last stand ” is one of the most awesome of all the awesome footnotes of history .
Sure , not all of them work out this way , but I can almost see the noble bunch of heroes looking at one another and saying , “ This is it , gentlemen , we are royally screwed , surrounded , and the cavalry apparently ai n’t coming so lets make this bunch pay dearly for our blood . ”
They are the brawniest bunch you can imagine and the ones the people back home are counting on to keep them safe .
Now , in my admittedly biased and prejudiced mind , not all Last Stands are created equal .
So , for the purpose of this list , I ’ve got five criteria in mind .
Not every last stand here meets all five , but they must meet at least three .
1 . If you are the aggressor , you ca n’t have a Last Stand because you are getting your just desserts .
Simply put , you started it and if you had n’t started it , you would n’t be getting wiped out to the last man , now would you ?
( Think Custer )
2 . The odds are laughably against your team .
We ’re talking AT LEAST 3:1 against and the worse the odds , the burlier the last stand glory .
3 . Everybody , or at least just about everybody , dies .
It ’s not a Last Stand if enough of you are left to make another last stand at some point .
4. Everyone EXPECTS to die .
No surrender even if asked to .
As one burly sergeant in a furball of a fight put it , “ Surrender ?
Not bloody likely ! ” ( Exception :
You surrender on YOUR terms and it ’s honored . )
5 . The sacrifice has to mean something in the larger scheme of things .
Otherwise , you should have bloody well retreated or something to try staying alive since what you did was get everyone killed for nothing .
So , with no further ado , and in no particular order , here are my suggestions for the burliest of the burly Last Stands .
1 The Last Stand at Thermopylae circa 480 BC
This was the stuff legends are made of and since Frank Miller ’s film 300 came out , a whole new generation of people have been acquainted with the heroic sacrifice of Leonidas and his handpicked guard of 300 warriors , all of whom had mature sons who could carry on the family name .
What a lot of people do n’t seem to remember is that as awesome as Leo and his wild bunch were , they did n’t stand completely alone .
Other city - states , notably Arcadia and Thespia , sent troops as well , so the force opposing the massive Persian army was closer to 6,000 than just 300 .
Still , that this group stopped those thousands cold in their tracks at the Hot Gates for three days and in the end were only dislodged by treachery is nothing short of amazing .
The action scored a perfect 5 out of 5 on the criteria .
The best legend , probably apocryphal – but maybe not , was one Spartan hoplite ’s reply to a Persian envoy ’s boast that , “ Our arrows will blot out the Sun . ”
The hoplite replied , “ So much the better , for then we shall fight in the shade ! ”
2 The Last Stand of the Swiss Guard May 6 , 1527
Rome was sacked by the troops of the Holy Roman Empire under Emperor Charles V in 1527 .
When the troops , mostly rabble and mercenaries , of the empire breached the city , they immediately ignored the orders of Charles and pretty much everyone else in command and made straight for Vatican Hill intent on pillaging the richest treasures in Christendom .
They also had murder on their mind and Pope Clement VII was high on the list of targets .
The famous Swiss Guards , who used to do more than just stand around looking pretty for tourists , formed a fighting square on the steps of St. Peter ’s Basilica to face upwards of 20,000 bloodthirsty troops who were storming the city .
Only 189 Guardsmen remained after the fighting to take the city , but these troops chose to make their stand in hopes of buying Clement time to escape the city through one of the warrens of tunnels under Rome .
Clement made good his escape as the Guard managed to hold the porch of the church and prevent the doors from falling , but only 42 Swiss Guards survived and none of them were uninjured .
Again , this one scores a 5 out of 5 and proves that when the Swiss decide not to be neutral , they are n’t a bunch to take lightly .
3 Battle of the Alamo February 23 to March 6 , 1836
This one siege and especially its climactic pre-dawn final battle is the reason natives of Texas poke their chests out a little farther than most other Americans .
It is a singular event in Texan history and it ’s what lead directly to Texas becoming first a nation and later a state in the United States of America .
Not only that , but “ Remember the Alamo ! ” has rung down the years as a major battlecry for people who ’ve never crossed the Texan border , but who feel a giddy sense of bravado in the face of utter annihilation .
At the old Spanish mission , 182 poorly armed Texas rebels faced upwards of 2000 crack Mexican troops under the command of the finest Mexican general , Antonio Lopez de Santa Anna .
The Mexicans had cavalry and a battery of cannon .
The Texans had grit , determination , and cannons with very little ammunition .
For 12 days , the Texans stood down Santa Anna , enduring bombardments daily .
Finally , Santa Anna had enough and ordered a full assault on the mission in a surprise pre-dawn attack .
Every defender of the mission was killed but Santa Anna did spare the women and children as well as sparing and freeing two African American slaves found in the fort .
This last stand garners a 4.5 out of 5 because technically , the Mexicans were the “ good guys ” since the Texans were rebels against the lawful authority in Mexico City .
4 Battle of Camaron April 30 , 1863
This small engagement in Mexico while much of the world was focused on the American Civil War to the north , put the French Foreign Legion on the map and began a legend that persists today in the unofficial motto , “ The Legion dies , it does not surrender . ”
Everything fell out because a group of 65 Foreign Legion troops , led by Capt .
Jean Danjou were carrying supplies to Veracruz in support of the French campaign in Mexico under Napoleon III .
Caught out in the open , the French troops managed to make a fighting retreat to the small hacienda of Cameron .
There , surrounded and backs to the wall , the handful of Legionnaires fought like they were possessed .
They repulsed attack after attack , cavalry charge after cavalry charge , until their ammunition began to run low .
Even after Capt .
Danjou was felled by a bullet to the chest , his men fought on .
Finally , only six of the men remained and they were out of bullets and powder .
At this point , they have killed enough Mexicans to surrender honorably .
After all , only six are left ALIVE , much less standing .
But no , led by the highest remaining NCO , a corporal , the six men fixed bayonets and , with the cry of “ Vive l’France ” , charged the Mexican forces .
Three were struck by rifle fire and killed outright .
The remaining three were surrounded , wrestled to the ground and asked to surrender .
Most men would have said fine and thanked their luck they were alive .
Not this bunch .
One of the men looked up and said they would surrender only if they were allowed to keep their regimental Colors , keep their weapons , carry their dead with them , AND be given a safe conduct escort to their own lines .
According to the accounts of eyewitnesses , the Mexican commander shook his head , laughed and ordered his men to comply with the Legionnaires ’ demands .
“ After all , ” he is supposed to have said , “ What is one to do with devils like these ? ”
To this day , April 30 is called Cameron Day in France and is celebrated by the Legion much as the Marine Corps Birthday is celebrated every November in America .
5 Battle of Shiroyama September 24 , 1877
This battle would again only garner a 4 out of 5 on the criteria because Saigo ’s samurai were technically rebels .
BUT , they were rebels because the Emperor was destroying their way of life .
Bushido and the sword had ruled samurai behavior for over a thousand years and now the nobility of the samurai and his training were being swept aside in favor of conscript troops with rapid firing weapons .
So , the samurai under their commander Saigo were retreating to their base of operations when they were caught and surrounded on the hill of Shiroyama .
The 300 of them had their traditional bows and , of course , their matchless katanas .
The 30,000 Imperial troops had rifled muskets and gatling guns .
The Imperial commander asked Saigo to surrender peacefully and be spared , but , being a samurai , Saigo could n’t really do that .
Instead , he spent the night of September 23 getting buzzed on sake and ready to die .
At 3:00 AM , the Imperial troops began an artillery bombardment followed by a full frontal attack .
Saigo was twice wounded before committing ritual suicide to avoid the dishonor of capture .
The thirty men who survived the artillery barrage charged the Imperial lines and began laying about them with their katanas .
They acquitted themselves well , but in the end , every one of them was killed and the way of the samurai was dead . . . at least until the start of World War II .
6 Battle of Rorke ’s Drift January 22 , 1879
Okay , this is another slightly technical violation of my criteria .
After all , if the Brits had n’t been trying to take the Zulu ’s land , Rorke ’s Drift never would have happened .
BUT , in my defense , these particular 139 soldiers were n’t invading anything .
They were left behind while the “ big boys ” went off to get massacred at the Battle of Islawandha .
No , this was a group of cooks , supply clerks , Royal Engineers , and other guys who could fight if they had to , but had n’t really been called upon very much .
They were the prime example of the “ in the rear with the gear ” soldiers .
Unfortunately , all their buddies were wiped out at the aforementioned Battle of Islawandha .
To make matters worse , a whole crap load of Zulus did n’t get to take part in the battle because everyone was dead before they got there .
So , those bored Zulus decided to take out their frustrations on the supply depot at Rorke ’s Drift .
The Zulus had numbers , surprise , the high ground , and knowledge of the terrain .
The defenders had bags of grain , Martini - Henry rifles , and bayonets “ with some guts behind them ” .
The Zulus attacked in massive waves all through the afternoon of January 22 and through the night and early morning of January 23 .
They were gathering for another assault when their scouts spotted the British relief column complete with cannon and decided to retire .
The defenders gained a new respect for the Zulus and in the process garnered 11 Victoria Crosses , the most ever awarded for a single engagement .
True , they were n’t wiped out , but when they looked up and saw every surrounding hill bristling with Zulu warriors , no one thought he was getting out alive .
7 Battle of Pasir Panjang 13 February 1942
1,400 Malay , British , Indian and Australian soldiers faced off against 13,000 Japanese troops in an attempt to save Singapore or at least give the civilians time to evacuate .
Soldiers from the Royal Malay Regiment , The Bedfordshire and Hertfordshire Regiment , the British 2nd Loyals Regiment , the 44th Indian Brigade and the 22nd Australian Brigade made a futile attempt to stop the advancing Japanese towards the centre of Singapore .
The majority of the defenders fell in the battle .
Those that did not became prisoners who would later be pressed into service on the Thai - Burma Railroad where they would be forced to built a famous bridge over a famous river .
In the final hours of battle , a Malay soldier , 2nd Lieutenant Adnan Bin Saidi , led a 42 - man platoon against thousands of invaders , leaving himself as a sole survivor .
The Japanese suffered a disproportionately high number of casualties because of these men ’s bravery so as punishment for being burly and courageous they tortured Adnan before executing him .
8 Siege of Bastogne 19 December 1944 - December 26 , 1944
Early in the Battle of the Bulge about 12,000 under-equipped and exhausted US Paratroopers of the 101st Airborne Division seized the town of Bastogne to defend this strategic crossroads from the German Advance .
They were promptly and completely surrounded by roughly 15 Divisions of Germans .
The 101st could only be sustained by airdrops from C - 47s and things looked suitably grim .
Seeing the hopelessness of the American position , German commander , General Heinrich Freiherr von Lüttwitz asked the 101st ’s acting commander , Captain Anthony McAuliffe to surrender , McAuliffe ’s famously terse reply was “ Nuts ! ” .
Under their impetuous commander , the unit held off multiple German Panzer attacks , until eventually relieved by George S. Patton ’s US Third Army on December 26 .
One of the units of the 101st to take part in the battle was the legendary Easy Company immortalized in the TV series “ Band of Brothers . ”
9 The Saxon Housecarls at Hastings October 14 , 1066
On January 6 , 1066 , Harold Godwinson became King Harold II following the death of his brother - in - law , Edward the Confessor .
By late summer , he was faced with two imminent attempts to invade England .
The first came in the northeast from his traitorous brother , Tostig , and King Harald Hardraada of Norway .
While celebrating his defeat of Hardraada at a victory feast , Harold received word that Duke William the Bastard had landed at Pevensey in the south with 7,000 men .
Harold gathered his forces , marched south to London , and by the evening of October 13 , deployed his forces along Battle , or Senlac , Ridge near Hastings .
The battle developed into a deadly engagement between the Saxon infantry and the Norman cavalry and archers .
Initially , Norman arrows were harmlessly deflected by Saxon shields , and Saxon axes and spears shattered the first Norman charge .
Overcome by confidence , the Saxon infantry unwisely followed the retreating cavalry in reckless pursuit and were cut down by the Norman reserve .
Harold reformed his forces and the Saxons braced for additional charges .
The battle evolved into relentless pounding on the Saxon line by the Norman cavalry .
The Saxons more than held their own and inflicted heavy casualties .
Just before evening , William feigned a general withdrawal and many Saxons again broke ranks to pursue .
The knights wheeled round and destroyed the Saxon infantry in the open field .
Harold and his housecarl bodyguard remained intact and just as formidable on the ridge .
William ordered a final charge .
This time he first had his archers aim not at the Saxon shields but release their volleys into the air so the arrows would fall on the Saxons from above .
The tactic worked , but the Harold and his housecarls fought on until an arrow struck the king in the eye .
As Harold struggled to pull it free , four Norman knights ( one of whom may have been William ) attacked .
One speared Harold in the chest , and a second nearly decapitated him with a sword .
As he fell , the other two Normans delivered additional blows .
With Harold ’s fall , the Saxon forces panicked and retreated into the nearby woods except for the housecarls who fought to the death around the body of their dead king .
10 The Battle Off Samar October 25 , 1944
The Battle Off Samar ( also known as “ The Last Stand of the Tin Can Sailors ) has been cited by historians as one of the greatest military mismatches in naval history .
It took place in the Philippine Sea off Samar Island , in the Philippines .
It all started when Admiral William Halsey , Jr. was lured into taking his powerful U.S. Third Fleet after a Japanese decoy fleet .
He thought this fleet was the main Japanese battle group and if he could catch them , he could destroy what was left of the Japanese navy .
To defend his rear , he left behind only “ Taffy 3 , ” a light screen of destroyers , destroyer escorts , and three escort “ baby ” carriers .
A powerful Japanese surface force of battleships and cruisers thought to have been defeated and in retreat earlier had instead turned around unobserved and came upon the tiny force of tiny ships .
With nothing else he could do , Admiral Spruance in command of Taffy 3 gave the order , “ Small Boys ( meaning destroyers and escorts ) attack . ”
With that order Taffy 3 ’s destroyers and destroyer escort desperately charged forward and attacked with 5 inch guns which could not penetrate even the thinnest armor of the Japanese armada and torpedoes , while carrier aircraft dropped bombs and depth charges , then out of bombs , strafed the bridges of the Japanese heavy ships .
While the Americans suffered more losses in ships and men than were lost at the Battle of Midway , they caused so much damage and confusion to convince the Japanese commander , Vice Admiral Takeo Kurita thought he had stumbled upon the lead element of Halsey ’s main fleet .
Fearing for his forces , he ordered his ships to regroup and ultimately withdraw rather than advancing to sink troop and supply ships at Leyte Gulf .
Taffy 3 ’s bold defense in the face of overwhelmingly superior firepower saved the invasion of the Phillippines .
Forty years ago this summer , a programmer sat down and knocked out in one month what would become one of the most important pieces of software ever created .
In August 1969 , Ken Thompson , a programmer at AT&T Bell Laboratories , saw the monthlong absence of his wife and young son as an opportunity to put his ideas for a new operating system into practice .
He wrote the first version of Unix in assembly language for a wimpy Digital Equipment Corp. PDP - 7 minicomputer , spending one week each on the operating system , a shell , an editor and an assembler .
Thompson and a colleague , Dennis Ritchie , had been feeling adrift since Bell Labs had withdrawn earlier in the year from a troubled project to develop a time - sharing system called Multics , short for Multiplexed Information and Computing Service .
They had no desire to stick with any of the batch operating systems that predominated at the time , nor did they want to reinvent Multics , which they saw as grotesque and unwieldy .
After batting around some ideas for a new system , Thompson wrote the first version of Unix , which the pair would continue to develop over the next several years with the help of colleagues Doug McIlroy , Joe Ossanna and Rudd Canaday .
Some of the principles of Multics were carried over into their new operating system , but the beauty of Unix then ( if not now ) lay in its “ less is more ” philosophy .
“ A powerful operating system for interactive use need not be expensive either in equipment or in human effort , ” Ritchie and Thompson would write five years later in the Communications of the ACM ( CACM ) , the journal of the Association for Computing Machinery .
“ [ We hope that ] users of Unix will find that the most important characteristics of the system are its simplicity , elegance , and ease of use . ”
Apparently , they did .
Unix would go on to become a cornerstone of IT , widely deployed to run servers and workstations in universities , government facilities and corporations .
And its influence spread even further than its actual deployments , as the ACM noted in 1983 when it gave Thompson and Ritchie its top prize , the A.M. Turing Award for contributions to IT : “ The model of the Unix system has led a generation of software designers to new ways of thinking about programming . ”
Of course , Unix ’s success did n’t happen all at once .
In 1971 , it was ported to the PDP - 11 minicomputer , a more powerful platform than the PDP - 7 .
Text - formatting and text - editing programs were added , and it was rolled out to a few typists in the Bell Labs patent department , its first users outside the development team .
In 1972 , Ritchie wrote the high - level C programming language ( based on Thompson ’s earlier B language ) ; subsequently , Thompson rewrote Unix in C , greatly increasing the operating system ’s portability across computing environments .
Along the way , it picked up the name Unics ( Uniplexed Information and Computing Service ) , a play on Multics ; the spelling soon morphed into Unix .
It was time to spread the word .
Ritchie and Thompson ’s July 1974 CACM article , “ The UNIX Time - Sharing System , ” took the IT world by storm .
Until then , Unix had been confined to a handful of users at Bell Labs .
But now , with the Association for Computing Machinery behind it — an editor called it “ elegant ” —
Unix was at a tipping point .
“ The CACM article had a dramatic impact , ” IT historian Peter Salus wrote in his book The Daemon , the Gnu and the Penguin ( Reed Media Services , 2008 ) .
“ Soon , Ken was awash in requests for Unix . ”
Hackers ’ heaven
Thompson and Ritchie were consummate “ hackers , ” when that word referred to someone who combined creativity , brute - force intelligence and midnight oil to solve software problems that others barely knew existed .
Their approach , and the code they wrote , greatly appealed to programmers at universities , and later at start - up companies without the megabudgets of an IBM , a Hewlett - Packard or a Microsoft .
Unix was all that other hackers , such as Bill Joy at the University of California , Berkeley , Rick Rashid at Carnegie Mellon University and David Korn later at Bell Labs , could wish for .
“ Nearly from the start , the system was able to , and did , maintain itself , ” wrote Thompson and Ritchie in the CACM article .
“ Since all source programs were always available and easily modified online , we were willing to revise and rewrite the system and its software when new ideas were invented , discovered , or suggested by others . ”
Korn , an AT&T Fellow today , worked as a programmer at Bell Labs in the 1970s .
“ One of the hallmarks of Unix was that tools could be written , and better tools could replace them , ” he recalls .
“ It was n’t some monolith where you had to buy into everything ; you could actually develop better versions . ”
He developed the influential Korn shell , essentially a programming language to direct Unix operations that ’s now available as open - source software .
Author and technology historian Salus recalls his work with the programming language APL on an IBM System / 360 mainframe as a professor at the University of Toronto in the 1970s .
It was not going well .
But on the day after Christmas in 1978 , a friend at Columbia University gave him a demonstration of Unix running on a minicomputer .
“ I said , ‘ Oh my God , ’ and I was an absolute convert , ” says Salus .
He says the key advantage of Unix for him was its “ pipe ” feature , introduced in 1973 , which made it easy to pass the output of one program to another .
The pipeline concept , invented by Bell Labs ’ McIlroy , was subsequently copied by many operating systems , including all the Unix variants , Linux , DOS and Windows .
Another advantage of Unix — the second “ wow , ” as Salus puts it — was that it did n’t have to be run on a million - dollar mainframe .
It was written for the tiny and primitive DEC PDP - 7 minicomputer because that ’s all Thompson and Ritchie could get their hands on in 1969 .
“ The PDP - 7 was almost incapable of anything , ” Salus recalls .
“ I was hooked . ” Unix Offspring
A lot of others got hooked as well .
University researchers adopted Unix in droves because it was relatively simple and easily modified , it was undemanding in its resource requirements , and the source code was essentially free .
Start - ups like Sun Microsystems Inc. and a host of now - defunct companies that specialized in scientific computing , such as Multiflow Computer , made it their operating system of choice for the same reasons .
Unix grew up as a nonproprietary system because in 1956 , AT&T had been enjoined by a federal consent decree from straying from its mission to provide telephone service .
It was OK to develop software , and even to license it for a “ reasonable ” fee , but the company was barred from getting into the computer business .
Unix , which was developed with no encouragement from management , was first viewed at AT&T as something between a curiosity and a legal headache .
Then , in the late 1970s , AT&T realized it had something of commercial importance on its hands .
Its lawyers began adopting a more favorable interpretation of the 1956 consent decree as they looked for ways to protect Unix as a trade secret .
Beginning in 1979 , with the release of Version 7 , Unix licenses prohibited universities from using the Unix source code for study in their courses .
No problem , said computer science professor Andrew Tanenbaum , who had been using Unix v6 at Vrije Universiteit in Amsterdam .
In 1987 , he wrote a Unix clone for use in his classrooms , creating the open - source Minix operating system to run on the Intel 80286 microprocessor .
“ Minix incorporated all the ideas of Unix , and it was a brilliant job , ” Salus says .
“ Only a major programmer , someone who deeply understood the internals of an operating system , could do that . ”
Minix would become the starting point for Linus Torvalds ’ 1991 creation of Linux — if not exactly a Unix clone , certainly a Unix look - alike .
Stepping back a decade or so , Bill Joy , who was a graduate student and programmer at UC Berkeley in the ’ 70s , got his hands on a copy of Unix from Bell Labs , and he saw it as a good platform for his own work on a Pascal compiler and text editor .
Modifications and extensions that he and others at Berkeley made resulted in the second major branch of Unix , called Berkeley Software Distribution ( BSD ) Unix .
In March 1978 , Joy sent out copies of 1BSD priced at $ 50 .
So by 1980 , there were two major lines of Unix — one from Berkeley and one from AT&T — and the stage was set for what would become known as the Unix Wars .
The good news was that software developers anywhere could get the Unix source code and tailor it to their needs and whims .
The bad news was they did just that .
Unix proliferated , and the variants diverged .
In 1982 , Joy co-founded Sun Microsystems and offered a workstation , the Sun - 1 , running a version of BSD called SunOS .
( Solaris would come about a decade later . )
The following year , AT&T released the first version of Unix System V , an enormously influential operating system that would become the basis for IBM ’s AIX and Hewlett - Packard ’s HP - UX .
In the mid-’80s , users , including the federal government , complained that while Unix was in theory a single , portable operating system , in fact it was anything but .
Vendors paid lip service to the complaint but worked night and day to lock in customers with custom Unix features and APIs .
In 1987 , Unix System Laboratories , a part of Bell Labs at the time , began working with Sun on a system that would unify the two major Unix branches .
The product of their collaboration , called Unix System V Release 4.0 , became available two years later and combined features from System V Release 3 , BSD , SunOS and Microsoft Corp . ’s Xenix .
Other Unix vendors feared the AT&T / Sun alliance .
The various parties formed competing “ standards ” bodies with names like X / Open ; Unix International ; Corporation for Open Systems ; and the Open Software Foundation , which included IBM , HP , DEC and others allied against the AT&T / Sun partnership .
The arguments , counterarguments and accomplishments of these groups would fill a book , but they all claimed to be taking the high road to a unified Unix while firing potshots at one another .
In an unpublished paper written in 1988 for the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency , the noted minicomputer pioneer Gordon Bell said this of the just - formed Open Software Foundation : “ OSF is a way for the Unix have - nots to get into the evolving market , while maintaining their high - margin code museums . ’ ”
The Unix Wars failed to settle differences or set a true standard for the operating system .
But in 1993 , the Unix community received a wake - up call from Microsoft in the form of Windows NT , an enterprise - class , 32 - bit multiprocessing operating system .
The proprietary NT was aimed squarely at Unix and was intended to extend Microsoft ’s desktop hegemony to the data center and other places dominated by the likes of Sun servers .
Microsoft users applauded .
Unix vendors panicked .
The major Unix rivals united in an initiative called the Common Open Software Environment and the following year more or less laid down their arms by merging the AT&T / Sun- backed Unix International group with the Open Software Foundation .
That coalition evolved into The Open Group , the certifier of Unix systems and owner of the Single Unix Specification , which is now the official definition of Unix .
As a practical matter , these developments may have “ standardized ” Unix about as much as possible , given the competitive habits of vendors .
But they may have come too late to stem a flood tide called Linux , the open - source operating system that grew out of Tanenbaum ’s Minix .
[ Gary Anthes is a freelance writer in Arlington , Va . ]
So Barack Obama is facing the fight of his life ( another one ) as he attempts to reform the US healthcare system .
The " special interests " – doctors , healthcare companies – do n't like it .
The " birthers " – crazy types who hope to prove he is not American – smell blood .
The danger , says the Investor 's Business Daily , is that he borrows too much from the UK .
" The controlling of medical costs in countries such as Britain through rationing , and the health consequences thereof , are legendary .
The stories of people dying on a waiting list or being denied altogether read like a horror script …
People such as scientist Stephen Hawking would n't have a chance in the UK , where the National Health Service would say the life of this brilliant man , because of his physical handicaps , is essentially worthless . "
We say his life is far from worthless , as they do at Addenbrooke 's hospital , Cambridge , where Professor Hawking , who has motor neurone disease , was treated for chest problems in April .
As indeed does he .
" I would n't be here today if it were not for the NHS , " he told us .
" I have received a large amount of high - quality treatment without which I would not have survived . "
Something here is worthless .
And it 's not him .
Paul Rowen
It 's a rough and tumble game , is politics .
If you are Mandy , the snappers follow you on holiday .
If you are Hazel , evildoers set about your car .
And if you are Liberal Democrat frontbencher Paul Rowen ( pictured ) , they say myriad nasty things about you .
On the strength of a published expenses claim , detailing fruit bought for an intern , they may even call you " bananas " .
But they do so at their peril .
We learn that unless he receives a retraction , Rowen is to sue the Labour candidate in Rochdale , Simon Danczuk .
Labour produced two aggressive campaigning leaflets , one of which made much of the fruity , if entirely legal , expenses claim for a 40 p banana .
Rowen did not like the leaflets .
He may not like bananas .
At this stage we just can't say .
There are many accusations that might irk him .
The banana thing is merely the most eye - catching .
" The ordinary and natural meaning of the above statement is that our client is ' insane ' , ' unbelievable ' or ' ridiculous ' , " says the legal letter , extracted in a Labour press release .
" This allegation is untrue .
Our client is not ' insane ' , ' unbelievable ' , or ' ridiculous ' .
It is accordingly incorrect to state that our client is ' bananas ' and you have no evidence whatsoever of our client being ' bananas ' ( ie being ' insane ' , ' unbelievable ' or ' ridiculous ' ) . "
We have no such evidence and make no such claim , but it seems clear that things have got pretty rumbustious in Rochdale .
A wafer - thin majority – 1.1 % last time – will do that .
A time for cool heads and , perhaps , thick skins .
With the Commons all rattled we look to the upper house for sense and stability .
This from the Ukip peer Lord Pearson of Rannoch .
" To ask Her Majesty 's Government how much is paid annually to members of bigamous Islamic families in housing benefit and other social security payments . "
The answer : " The social security system only recognises relationships that have been lawfully contracted in the UK or in other jurisdictions . "
Civilisation survives to fight another day .
Lord Berkeley , meanwhile , teases out of government the fact that a bridge for bats over the Dobwalls bypass in Cornwall cost £ 300,000 .
" The bridges provide a linear feature over the bypass that is used by the bats to guide them along their flight lines , " explains Lord Adonis .
A toll was not practical .
Pity .
And finally , we do not doubt that Julian Leppart , the BNP councillor for Redbridge , east London got rid of his car on discovering that the licence plate appeared to say Nazi ( NA5IZCY ) .
Anyone would .
And a mistake is a mistake .
But if he sold it , who bought it ?
Does it veer to the right .
A mastering problem with the US alt - rockers ' latest CD has meant that some European copies were duplicated with a 3 dB increase in volume .
My Bloody Valentine must be so jealous ...
This article is more than 11 years old
This article is more than 11 years old
Dinosaur
Jr do n't want their European fans wearing earplugs .
The deafening American guitar band have issued a recall of their new CD , saying that the album is too loud .
The problem affects copies of Farm purchased in " European shops " , according to the band 's website .
While it 's not clear if this affects copies released in the UK , buyers can either check the bar code – copies with the number 5414939004926 are affected – or else pop the CD into your stereo and see if your ears start to bleed .
A mastering issue is at the root of the problem , the band explained .
" While duplicating the original master ... the software programme ' doubled ' the sound layers .
This resulted in a 3 dB increase in volume . "
However , though three decibels will make a noticeable difference , it is far from the realm of road drills or jet engines .
Instead , the difference between good and " faulty " copies of Farm will likely be a matter of " loud " versus " a little too loud " .
Dinosaur Jr's European label , Pias , is offering buyers a free CD swap if they visit this website .
The label is also throwing in a free Dinosaur Jr ringtone – and will even send buyers some stamps .
Dinosaur
Jr are currently on a world tour , with UK dates in August .
When a game is great , we refer to it as a " beer warmer . "
The genesis of this term ?
You sit down for an evening of gaming , open a beer , then find yourself so engrossed in the title that the next time you remember to take a sip , the beer 's no longer cold .
Microsoft has been releasing beer warmers with surprising regularity during this year 's Summer of Arcade promotion , and the trend continues with the release of the sublime Trials HD .
What makes a motorcycle title — that does n't even give you the ability to steer — so good ?
The case for keeping it simple
In Trials HD , you 're on a motorcycle in a 3D world , but you only have to worry about two dimensions .
In fact , the only controls you have are a brake , the throttle , and the ability to lean backwards and forwards .
That 's it .
The implementation of physics , especially the interaction between the bike and the game world that results from shifting your center of gravity on the bike , makes up the entirety of the gameplay .
It sounds like a simple concept , but the levels are anything but easy .
You 'll be flying through warehouses filled with loops , explosions , barely - balanced boards that require split - second timing to cross ... every level will give you something new and interesting to interact with as you try to make it to the finish line in the least possible time .
The levels are filled with checkpoints , allowing you to restart a particularly nasty jump if you wipe out .
The game also keeps you apprised of just how well you 're doing in relation to your past attempts .
You can get a bronze medal just by finishing a track , but the real challenge is unlocking the silver and gold medals to unlock new events and the higher difficulty levels .
While the penalty for messing up may be low , the difficulty can be monstrously high .
The earlier tracks are fun and allow you to grasp the subtleties of play , but very soon you 'll be white - knuckling your way through some very tricky — not to mention clever — tracks that operate almost like puzzles .
There are also a selection of physics - based minigames to keep you busy , including a bizarre pinball - like game that has you being slammed around the level on giant flippers .
While it may take some effort to unlock all these minigames , they 're worth it , especially a mode where you are forced to " aim " your bike around obstacles and through hoops while a rocket engine allows you to fly .
Realism is not a virtue of Trials HD .
The game also sports a track editor so you can create and share your own levels , and the leaderboards will provide a powerful incentive to continue honing your skills even if you 're man or woman enough to finish all the tracks .
Although there is no multiplayer , this is a game with a high show - off factor ; you may find yourself inviting friends over to try to beat each other 's times or to simply show off tricks and stunts you 've perfected .
Trials HD may be based on an older PC game — one that 's still worth tracking down if you 're reading this and do n't have a 360 — but the updated graphics and online features of the Xbox Live game make this the best release of Trials yet .
If everyone reaches for their drink at the end of each track ... well , that just means the game is doing something very right .
Trials HD is available now on the Xbox Live Arcade for 1,200 points , or $ 15 .
During this year 's Summer of Arcade , fresh games rule
While many people were initially excited about a re-released and spit- polished Marvel vs. Capcom 2 and a re-skinned Turtles in Time this year , the real quality has been in the new or independent games .
' Splosion Man is an amazing take on platforming , Trials HD is the classic example of " one more time " gameplay , and next week Epic brings us Shadow Complex , the Unreal Engine 3 - powered Metroid / Castlevania - style title that has gained a deafening buzz since E3 .
Bundling a mixture of classics together with new IP and hyping the hell out of both has been a great strategy for this year 's Summer of Arcade , and the quality of the games has been far above average .
Let 's hope the promotion ends with a bang next week .
In its " Windows 7 Sins " campaign , the Free Software Foundation has labeled Windows 7 as " treacherous computing , " and accuses Microsoft of such acts as " poisoning education . "
This is just the latest in a long line of attacks by open source lovers against Microsoft .
But Apple is arguably even more closed than Microsoft , yet always gets a free ride from vociferous open source proponents .
Can anyone explain this hypocrisy ?
Computerworld reports that the group has
" launched a campaign against Microsoft Corp . 's upcoming Windows 7 operating system , calling it ' treacherous computing ' that stealthily takes away rights from users .
" At the Web site Windows7 Sins.org , the Boston - based FSF lists the seven ' sins ' that proprietary software such as Windows 7 commits against computer users . "
Nowhere does the group mention Apple .
Yet in important ways , Apple is more closed than Microsoft .
Apple controls not just software , like Microsoft does , but its hardware as well .
Try to sell a non-Apple computer with Apple 's OS on it , and you 'll get hauled into court by Apple lawyers .
Apple has also taken legal action against bloggers who report on upcoming hardware and software releases .
There 's a long list of ways in which Apple is far more closed than Microsoft .
Yet the Free Software Foundation , and many other open source proponents , conveniently ignore these facts , and regularly attack Microsoft , while giving Apple a free ride .
Apple , after all , has the " coolness " factor in its favor , and it 's fashionable and easy to attack Microsoft .
Ironically , only a few days after the Free Software Foundation lauched the " Windows 7 Sins " campaign , Apple made a big bang with the release of Snow Leopard .
What does the Free Software Foundation have to say about this newest version of proprietary software from Apple ?
As of this writing , not a peep .
That 's just pure hypocrisy .
Until they start attacking Apple as vociferously as they attack Microsoft , they can't be taken seriously .
This story , " Hey , Linux Fanboys : Stop Giving Apple a Free Ride " was originally published by Computerworld .
How to make a simple rocket with some sugar , stump remover ( saltpeter ) , kitty litter , a piece of PVC pipe , and a stick
This is very simple , you ’re just making a simple solid rocket engine and attaching a stick to it as a stabilizer , the PVC functions as the rocket engine body and combustion chamber , the kitty litter caps the front and rear to contain the expanding gases , and the sugar / salt peter combo function as the propellant : the sugar is the fuel and the salt peter is the oxidizer –FYI salt peter is the original oxidizer used in black powder for the past thousand years or so .
A couple things before the video , specifically about the ingredients : the potassium nitrate he uses seems to come from either fertilizer or ( and this is your best bet ) stump remover , which is usually 98 % pure KNO3 ( potassium nitrate ) , and you should n’t have a hard time finding and buying that at all , Home Depot and Lowes , etc. , should all carry it .
You can also find it in herbal remedies stores and on Amazon under the name “ saltpeter ” .
Here we go :
Also note that you can scale this up as much as you want , just be careful and try not to piss off the FAA , okie - dokie ( see photo below ) ?
Additional Resources and Further Reading
If I had to recommend just one book or resource for people who want to make their own homemade fireworks , this would be it .
It ’s an 819 page ( yes , 800 + pages ) e-book covering every possible aspect of homemade firework design , building , and firing .
Everything from aerial shells to rockets to homemade black powder , ground effects , and how to do fuses an electrical ignition , and even how to modify store - bought consumer fireworks to do all sorts of cool custom stuff !
It ’s called : Fireworks & Pyro Projects ( click here to check it out ) .
If that interested you , then I ’d also encourage you to check out my other stuff on rockets , such as : how to make a butane bottle rocket , how to make a rocket engine with alcohol and nitrous oxide , and how to make a match rocket ( matchstick rocket ) .
Skylighter newsletter and articles –these guys have been around forever , they ’re very professional and safe , and they ’re also kinda considered the net ’s go - to guys for homemade fireworks supplies and chemicals .
Pyroguide looks like a really cool wiki - style setup for pyro’s and fireworks enthusiasts , check it out .
Good timing .
A week after the Federal Reserve Board chairman Ben S. Bernanke publicly opposed the creation of a Consumer Financial Protection Agency , and instead argued that the Fed should keep its consumer protection responsibilities , the Fed releases this : “ 5 Tips for Shopping for a Mortgage . ”
The bullet points :
1. Know what you can afford .
2. Shop around — compare loans from lenders and brokers .
3. Understand loan prices and fees .
4 . Know the risks and benefits of loan options .
5 . Get advice from trusted sources .
Now , one might be hesitant to accept financial advice from an organization whose previous chairman encouraged borrowers to take out adjustable - rate mortgages at exactly the wrong time .
But these tips — like those the Fed has recently released for avoiding foreclosure scams , improving your credit score and other subjects — are pretty sensible .
Nonspecific , inoffensive and largely obvious , but sensible nonetheless .
The Times ’s personal finance writers Ron Lieber and Tara Siegel Bernard had major issues with the Fed ’s mortgage calculator , however .
Paul N. I needed an attorney who was well versed in State and County law .
I was lucky to find Mr. Grossman .
He represented and protected me in and out of court .
He made all the preliminary calls and made sure we were ready to deal with my case .
I owe him my gratitude and my respect .
I would say , you will be hard pressed to find a better attorney in the Atlanta .
Thank you Mr. Grossman .
David O. Attorney Richard Grossman is a very experienced knowledgeable lawyer .
I called him to take on my case and he was very responsive .
He picked up the phone right away and gave me free consultation that most lawyers will charge you for .
I was facing felony charges and he took on my case on a short notice .
The case was dismissed on 01/18/2019 .
I will recommend him highly for anyone facing serious criminal charges .
Also he helped me locate my passport which was taking away from me as a bond requirement , I picked up my passport today
02/04/19 .
Thank you Mr Grossman , God Bless you !
Cheryl B. Richard is not only a fabulous attorney who gets great results , but he truly cares about his clients .
He takes the time to listen , explain and answer your questions .
I highly recommend him
Crystal E. I am so appreciative and thankful for Attorney Richard Grossman .
I was in a very serious situation and needed the expertise of an exceptional lawyer , and Attorney Grossman fit the bill completely .
He is an extremely knowledgeable , straight forward , compassionate , and dependable attorney .
He went above and beyond and worked extremely hard with everyone involved to get me the absolute best possible result for my case .
I am so very grateful for him .
Exodo G. An AMAZING lawyer !
Mr. Grossman was very helpful and is extremely knowledgable !
He will fight for you as though you 're family and is always in contact regarding any matter .
Great listener , determined and supportive are some of many things I can say about him .
I 'm grateful I got to meet him , I will recommend you give him a call !
Yolanda T. Attorney Grossman represented my son in a criminal case .
His wisdom and advice enabled my son to keep his record clean and the charges were dropped .
He is an excellent attorney and explains the court procedures and workings thoroughly .
I would definitely recommend him !
Lee T. Mr. Grossman recently represented me after I was arrested for drug charges .
And unlike a lot of other lawyers that I observed , he did exactly everything he said he would do .
There was no dishonesty or stringing along like I expected and he was very knowledgeable about everything I was experiencing .
My fiance was also arrested with me and he had a not so great public defender so I got to experience lawyers from both ends of the spectrum and Mr. Grossman is definitely the best of the best .
And even though he did n't have to , he would often give me advice and insight in my fiance 's case as well since his lawyer was n't always so helpful .
Although having a good lawyer is very , very expensive Mr. Grossman worked with us as much as he could and it was worth every penny .
He also just always seemed like he cared about my well being .
I would highly recommend him to anyone needing legal services .
Norbert M. My grandson TP , a teenager , was charged as an adult with three counts of aggravated child molestation .
The charges carried a sentence of 25 years to life .
We interviewed several lawyers and law firms before hiring Mr. Grossman .
Mr. Grossman listened to our issues and discussed our options .
We hired Mr. Grossman and he talked to TP several times before the court date was set .
It took the state almost a year to bring the case to court .
I live out of state and the court date kept being extended .
During this extended period of time Mr. Grossman visited TP many times even on Saturdays and Sundays .
He did a thorough investigation which included going to the site and interviewing witnesses .
Mr. Grossman was always informed , knowledgeable and ready for whatever the state presented us with during the proceedings in or out of the court room .
TP and I were always informed about what to expect and our options .
During his many visits with TP Mr. Grossman helped TP mentally and made him feel secure .
The jury selection by Mr. Grossman was excellent .
From day one our Mr. Grossman was very impressive with a calm demeanor .
However in the court room his presentation was excellent .
It seemed to me , that he was the superior legal mind in the court room .
It appeared Mr. Grossman had complete control of everything that happened in the court room .
TP was ACQUITTED and his arrest record was expunged .
We were highly impressed and always felt secure because of Mr. Grossman 's actions and ethics during our ordeal .
We highly recommend Mr. Grossman .
Sandra E. My husband and I employed Mr. Grossman to defend my husband against a Federal charge .
While he was unable to obtain an acquittal ( the charge was structured in such a way that there was no reasonable defense ) , Mr. Grossman was able to work with prosecution and negotiate a more favorable outcome for my husband .
I found Mr. Grossman to be honest , forthright , and intelligent to work with .
He has made himself available to swiftly answer any question my husband or I have had and he has been able to lay to rest many of our fears .
Additionally , I employed Mr. Grossman to defend my son on a state charge .
Once again , Mr. Grossman was clear and intelligent in his dealings with us , and my son felt he got really excellent representation in court .
As a result , my son will have no felony on his record once he successfully completes his probation .
We are very pleased with this .
Grossman is realistic with setting client 's expectations and is smart in how he deals with the court system .
He is kind and sympathetic to his client 's needs .
I would highly recommend him to anyone who needs a criminal defense attorney in metro Atlanta , and I would use him again .
Now that San Diego Comic
Con 2009 is over , there are of course a billion pictures on the web , most involving people in insane ( and by insane , I mean “ holy cow , you made that ? ! ” ) costumes .
I spent some time trudging through the crowd on Flickr so you do n’t have to , and here are some of the coolest – from the sexy to the scary to the WTF .
The best part about this picture is that this is probably only a drop in the bucket ; there ’s 100 in every crowd .
Oh , and that expression on the guy ’s face ?
“ Suck it , Jabba . ” – koadmunkee ( CC )
Do n’t get too attached to these ladies .
They only want you for your brains .
– koadmunkee ( CC )
Obligatory stormtrooper pic .
Only I think this one had a run-in with the ladies in the picture above .
– nathaninsandiego ( CC )
You know , this kind of warms my heart , actually .
I mean , he really would have been a good dad if he ’d just been given the chance .
I ’ll bet he even bedazzled that dress himself .
– chich20x6 ( CC )
EXTERMINATE .
EXTERMINATE .
Like the actual Daleks , it ’s kind of hard to be truly frightening when you ’re brandishing a toilet plunger .
Of course , I ’m pretty sure that sonic screwdriver is n’t going to do much either .- splashing ( CC )
She wants to beeeeeee part of your wooooooorld .
Though she ’s going to mess up her wig combing it with that dinglehopper .
– mattmendoza ( CC )
Why does Doc Brown look so freaked out ?
Probably because he ’s thanking Marty for watching him get shot TWICE . – howiemuzika( CC )
Batwoman & Robin !
Though if you ’ll allow me a moment of DC geekiness , the blonde looks very much like how I would picture Stephanie Brown .
– tofuguns ( CC )
I have no idea what I am looking at here , but I ’m strangely intrigued .
– orayzio ( CC )
That ’s not a Comic Con badge around her neck ; it ’s a Multi - Pass !
– minow ( CC )
Again , just a drop in the bucket .
Though kudos to the Kirk impersonator for looking appropriately crazed .
– statelyenglishmanor ( CC )
I can only assume that this is a meeting of an impulse control support group .
– teohyc ( parkablogs ) ( CC )
Naked self - promotion : the third edition of my book , Economics Is Everywhere ( Worth Publishers ) , has just appeared .
It contains little articles like those I have included on this blog ( and , no doubt , some of the posts from this blog will be included in the fourth edition ) .
I love many of the stories , but my all - time favorite from among the 700 that have been in the book ’s various editions combines several basic economic ideas :
One of the students came up with what is perhaps the most amusing negative externality example that I have heard in my teaching career .
Her roommate is beautiful , but her roommate ’s boyfriend , so she says , is very , very ugly .
No problem , except that the roommate has a poster - sized photograph of the boyfriend on the wall on her side of the room , a poster that my student has to view whenever she is on her own side of the room .
I ask my student why , if the guy is so ugly , her roommate goes out with him , and she answers , “ He goes to Harvard ; and he ’s also a very nice guy . ”
This illustrates the importance of human capital in the matching market that is dating , and also that looks are n’t everything , either .
We also supply personality and the ability to get ahead , both of which are valued by the labor market and thus by potential spouses .
Indeed , careful research shows that , compared with average - looking women , good - looking women marry guys with an extra year of education .
Today , an extra year of education is associated with about an extra twelve percent annual earnings .
Legal counsel for the woman said that at Friday 's hearing the court may either issue an immediate verdict or else might postpone for a future date .
This will depend on reported plans by the woman 's lawyers to also take legal action against the Briton , as soon as he recovers .
IT was as if she woke up one day and decades of her life had disappeared .
Joyce , 52 and a writer in Manhattan , started smoking pot when she was 15 , and for years it was a pleasant escape , a calming protective cloud .
Then it became an obsession , something she needed to get through the day .
She found herself hiding her addiction from her family , friends and co-workers .
“ I would come home from work , close my door , have my bong , my food , my music and my dog , and I would n’t see another person until I went to work the next day , ” said Joyce , who like most others in this article asked that her full name not be published , because she does not want people to know about her past drug use .
“ What kind of life is that ?
I did that for 20 years . ”
She tried to stop , but was anxious , irritable , sleepless and lost .
At one point , to soothe her cravings , she took morphine that she found at her dying father ’s bedside .
She almost overdosed .
Two years ago , she checked into the Caron Foundation , a treatment center in Wernersville , Pa .
Even there , she said , some other addicts  cocaine and heroin users or alcoholics  downplayed her dependence on marijuana .
( CNN ) -- Hurricane experts are throwing cold water on an idea backed by billionaire Microsoft founder Bill Gates aimed at controlling the weather .
Bill Gates and scientists have applied for patents aimed at reducing the strength of oncoming hurricanes .
Gates and a dozen other scientists have raised eyebrows by submitting patent applications for a technology to reduce the danger of approaching hurricanes by cooling ocean temperatures .
It 's a noble idea , given the horrible memories from Hurricane Katrina , which slammed into the Gulf Coast four years ago this week .
The storm , which rated a frightening Category 3 when it made landfall in Louisiana , was blamed for $ 81 billion in damaged and destroyed property and the deaths of more than 1,800 men , women and children .
Skeptics applaud the motive of the concept but question its feasibility .
" The enormity of it , in order to do something effective , we'd have to do something at a scale that humans have never really done before , " said Gabriel Vecchi , a research scientist with the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration .
How exactly would this hurricane - zapping technology work ?
Hurricanes are fueled by warm water , and cooling the waters surrounding a storm would slow a storm 's momentum .
According to the patents , many tub - like barges would be placed directly in the path of an oncoming storm .
Each barge would have two conduits , each 500 feet long .
One conduit would push the warm water from the ocean 's surface down .
The other would bring up cold water where it lies deep undersea .
World renowned hurricane expert William Gray , who 's been studying and predicting the storms for a half - century , also doubts whether the proposal would work .
" The problem is the storms come up so rapidly , " said Gray , a professor of atmospheric science at Colorado State University .
" You only get two to three days warning .
It 's very difficult to bring up enough cold water in two to three days to have much effect . "
The idea itself is n't groundbreaking , according to Gray , who said it could only be feasible if the barges were put into place at the beginning of hurricane season with the idea that storms will come .
" But you might do all that , and perhaps no storms would come .
That 's an economic problem , " Gray said .
Even if the technology does work , Gray said it wo n't completely halt a hurricane .
" There is no way to stop it .
The storm might weaken in the center , but the outer areas would n't be affected much . "
And flooding and storm surges are determined by these outer winds , Gray said .
When word of Gates ' five patent applications first made headlines in July , alarmed bloggers lit up the Internet , expressing fears that playing with ocean temperatures could lead to catastrophe , possibly forcing a storm in a different direction .
That 's not likely , said Kerry Emanuel , a professor in atmospheric sciences at Massachusetts Institute of Technology .
" You 're doing something to the ocean that the hurricane would have done anyway , " Emanuel said .
Cold water that churns up during a storm slows down a hurricane naturally .
But the coldest water is usually at the rear of the storm , so sometimes it 's too late to weaken [ the storm ] , Emanuel said .
" The key is doing it a little sooner than the storm itself does it and make [ the hurricane ] weaker than it would have been , " he said .
" There are enough experiments to find out whether hurricanes ' natural cooling could steer the storm in a different location , and the answer is no , or it's a very small chance . "
While Emanuel believes the physics are conceivable , he says the cost of implementing the system should n't outweigh the benefit .
" This would only be practical if the amount [ of money ] you spend doing this would be less than the damage caused by the hurricane , " Emanuel said .
Gates and scientist Ken Caldeira , both listed as inventors on the patents , did not respond to CNN 's requests to comment about their venture .
The patents , which were only made public last month by the U.S. Patent and Trade Office , were filed in January by Searete LLC .
The company is a subsidiary of Intellectual Ventures , an invention firm run by Microsoft 's former chief technology officer Nathan Myhrvold .
A spokeswoman for Intellectual Ventures , which holds about 27,000 technology patents , did n't elaborate on the cost associated with the patent .
" At this point , there are no plans for deployment , so there is no talk of funding , " she said , adding that it could take up to 18 months for the patent application to be approved .
Regardless , inventors say that this technology is not something they 'll be rushing to use anytime soon .
" This type of technology is not something humankind would use as a ' Plan A ' or ' Plan B , ' " Paul " Pablos " Holman , an inventor in the Intellectual Ventures laboratory , wrote on the company blog .
" These inventions are a ' Plan C , ' where humans decide that we 've exhausted all our behavior changing and alternative energy options and need to rely on mitigation technologies .
If our planet is in this severe situation , then our belief is that we should not be starting from scratch at investigating mitigation options . "
Hurricane expert Gray agrees .
" I do n't think this is anything that 's going to be done in the next few decades in a practical sense , but maybe further down the line , " Gray said .
" I would love to see Bill Gates , with all his money , use some of it to experiment . "
All About Hurricanes and Cyclones • Bill Gates • William Gray
Last week , Milanese authorities found Leonardo Notarbartolo , the man accused of masterminding the world ’s biggest diamond heist , in possession of approximately 2.2 pounds of rough , uncut diamonds .
Many of the stolen diamonds were never recovered , and Notarbartolo was detained for driving around with hundreds of diamonds stashed in his BMW , just a few months after being released from prison for the crime .
Case closed ?
Not so fast .
Due to the slippery nature of rough diamonds — and of Leonardo Notarbartolo himself — the alleged criminal mastermind could walk away scot free , with the confiscated diamonds back in his possession .
Ever the charmer , Notarbartolo claims he purchased the diamonds legitimately for a mere 10,000 euros , as he told Wired ’s Joshua Davis last week through an intermediary .
( Davis wrote about the heist in March . )
On Monday , the alleged jewel thief contacted Davis again to say that the confiscated diamonds are not precious jewels , but rather industrial - grade diamonds used to manufacture cutting tools , which is why he paid only 10,000 euros for the whole pile .
“ Notarbartolo is saying , ‘ These are my diamonds .
I got them legitimately .
Give them back . ’
And he ’s hired a lawyer , Basilio Foti , to advocate for the return of the diamonds , ” explained Davis .
Notarbartolo ’s defense will likely hinge on the fact that rough , uncut diamonds are nearly impossible to trace .
Polished diamonds typically have certified identities that accompany them during transport , and often contain laser - etched logos or certification numbers that are invisible to the naked eye .
A rough diamond , on the other hand , is pretty much a rough diamond .
Because they ’re soon to be cut and polished , which changes their characteristics , they ’re not certified by the industry .
“ To say with certainty that any rough diamond is the same rough diamond that was in a vault six years go is almost impossible , ” explained Davis , who has reported extensively on the diamond trade .
Despite the fact that the vast majority of the diamonds stolen six years ago were in rough form — and that the guy proven to have organized the crime was just found with a big pile of rough diamonds — authorities probably lack sufficient evidence to put Notarbartolo back behind bars , due to the early - untraceable nature of unpolished stones .
Most likely , they will be forced to return the jewels to the convicted jewel thief and send him on his merry way .
“ I do n’t understand the Italian legal system , of course , ” explained Davis , “ but speaking on purely logical grounds , if you ca n’t prove that the diamonds are stolen , then you would logically have to give them back . ”
In other words , Leonardo Notarbartolo , who famously liberated $ 120 million in diamonds and cash from a bank so “ secure ” it did n’t even need live security guards , may finally have found a suitable second act : freeing himself after being caught red-handed , six years later , with hundreds of what could very well be the very same diamonds .
See Also :
Doom Resurrection Announced for iPhone
Dubbed a " next - gen " iPhone game by VentureBeat , the 3D shooter ( seen left ) borrows its weapons and enemies from Doom 3 , but makes use of the iPhone 's accelerometers for tilt - based aiming .
Carmack claims that the game was developed over a period of six months , and now runs at 30 frames - per-second on the latest version of the iPod Touch .
Resurrection is expected to be released next week .
" If you look at it in raw hardware horsepower , the iPhone should be better in performance than the Nintendo DS and the PlayStation Portable , " said Carmack of the device .
" But the truth is you can't exploit it all because of software inefficiencies . "
id is also planning to release a multiplayer - enabled version of the original Doom on the iPhone in the near future .
" Right now the iPhone is the best platform for a small team to go and make their mark on , " said Carmack to Gamasutra .
" If I were off by myself , I would want to become an iPhone game developer . "
Carmack also commented on Apple 's announcement of the iPhone 3GS , saying : " I 'm personally more excited by the $ 99 iPhone announcement that the 3G S..
I 'd be happier seeing them sell 50 million of the base model than pushing the specs up . "
Buyers of Vista 's Ultimate Edition have long complained they were ripped off by unfulfilled promises for extra features and better performance .
Now they 're outraged by feelings that they 've been left out of cheap deals for switching to Windows 7 .
Upon its release , one of the top - billed extra features in the Ultimate version of Vista was ' Ultimate Extras ' .
Buyers were told they would regularly receive updates containing " cutting - edge programs , innovative services and unique publications . "
In reality the extras came irregularly and were underwhelming to say the least .
It 's now more than nine months since the last update , and that simply contained a puzzle game , some screensavers and some alternative sounds for Windows functions .
Extras Ditched In Windows 7 Ultimate
Microsoft later announced that the Windows 7 production schedule meant it would n't be practical to include Ultimate Extras on the new system .
However , many believe the firm simply dropped the scheme as a flop .
Only six weeks ago , an independent analyst made a high - profile call for Microsoft to compensate Vista Ultimate owners by offering a free upgrade to Windows 7 .
Analyst Michael Cherry said " It would buy them a lot of good will , and I do n't think it would cost them much . "
( Source : reuters.com )
No Ultimate Upgrade Deal
Unfortunately , Microsoft has taken the opposite approach .
Not only must those with the Ultimate Edition pay more to upgrade to Windows 7 , but the edition is exempt from the limited - time deal where customers can get an upgrade at a heavily reduced price by paying now and then taking delivery in October .
In short : it means that somebody with the Home Premium edition of Vista can get an upgrade to Windows 7 for just $ 49 , while those who shelled out for Vista Ultimate must pay a whopping $ 219 .
The only way such customers can get Windows 7 at a reduced rate is to get the Home Premium or Professional editions , which will have fewer features than their existing copies of Vista .
No Simple Upgrade for Ultimate Users
To rub salt into the wound , those who do switch from Vista Ultimate to a different edition of Windows 7 wo n't even be able to use the simple upgrade process that 's available for like - for - like upgrades ( eg. Vista Professional to Windows 7 Professional ) .
Instead they 'll have to back - up all their data and do a completely fresh install of Windows .
( Source : cnet.com )
Likud Knesset Member Danny Danon has called on party leader and Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu to boycott Wednesday evening ’s annual U.S. Independence Day reception .
He said that most coalition MKs will join him to protest what he called American contempt towards Israel .
The American holiday falls on July 4 , which this year coincides with the Sabbath .
The annual reception will be held at the home of American Ambassador James Cunningham in Herzliya , north of Tel Aviv .
“ We are bringing a clear message to the United States " that their politicians were not elected to tell Israel what to do , he told Voice of Israel government radio Wednesday morning .
MK
Danon is one of numerous Israeli officials who are increasingly expressing anger at declarations by the Obama administration that Israel must halt all building for Jews in Judea and Samaria .
MK Danon rejected the idea to escalate the boycott and halt cooperation with the U.S. in the field of defense and intelligence , explaining that “ our ties are deep and strong . ”
Foreign influence on Israeli policies was further highlighted this week by reports that French President Nicolas Sarkozy told Prime Minister Netanyahu that he should dismiss Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman ( Yisrael Beiteinu ) .
The French president also said that Kadima leader MK Tzipi Livni made a mistake by not joining the coalition government .
Responding to dozens of requests from the public , the Defense Department has released 146 more photos from the infamous Air Force One flyover that struck fear in thousands of unsuspecting New Yorkers in April .
The photos are posted right on the Pentagon 's Website , defense officials said today .
The Pentagon also released a heavily redacted flight manifest .
Click here for a summary of the juicy details .
The April 27 photo - op caused quite a fright in Lower Manhattan and New Jersey , as many people who had lived through the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks thought the city was again under siege .
Workers poured out of office buildings as the planes buzzed the city near the Financial District .
Local officials in New York and New Jersey had not been informed of the photo - op , which cost some $ 328,000 , and the lack of communication and needless worry caused by the incident led to the resignation of Louis Caldera , the Obama official behind the stunt .
In May , and after some hedging , the White House offered up an official image of the flyover and also released a report detailing the lack of communication ahead of the event .
Defense Secretary Robert Gates had informed the FAA and multiple agencies in New York and New Jersey about the planned flight , but gave no insight as to whether local authorities were told not to share the information .
Sen .
John McCain , the ranking Republican on the Senate Armed Services Committee , called the incident an " Air Farce 1 photo op . "
Mayor Bloomberg also had firm words for the Obama team .
" If I were them , I think I 'd get less publicity by putting them out rather than by keeping them in , " Bloomberg said .
" They did not ask about coming up here and flying that plane around and they did not ask me about the photos either . "
" Hemp is of first necessity to the wealth & protection of the country . "
- Thomas Jefferson
In the thick of party conflict in 1800 , Thomas Jefferson wrote in a private letter , " I have sworn upon the altar of God eternal hostility against every form of tyranny over the mind of man . "
This powerful advocate of liberty was born in 1743 in Albermarle County , Virginia , inheriting from his father ( a planter and surveyor ) some 5,000 acres of land .
He inherited from his mother , a Randolph , high social standing .
He studied at the College of William and Mary , then read law .
In 1772 he married Martha Wayles Skelton , a widow , and took her to live in his partly constructed mountaintop home , Monticello .
Freckled and sandy - haired , rather tall and awkward , Jefferson was eloquent as a correspondent , but he was no public speaker .
In the Virginia House of Burgesses and the Continental Congress , he contributed his pen rather than his voice to the patriot cause .
As the " silent member " of the Congress , Jefferson , at age 33 , drafted the Declaration of Independence .
In years following he labored to make its words a reality in Virginia .
Most notably , he wrote a bill establishing religious freedom , enacted in 1786 .
The Formation of Two Parties : Jefferson succeeded Benjamin Franklin as minister to France in 1785 .
His sympathy for the French Revolution led him into conflict with Alexander Hamilton when Jefferson was Secretary of State in President Washington 's Cabinet .
He resigned in 1793 .
Sharp political conflict developed , and two separate parties , the Federalists and the Democratic - Republicans , began to form .
Jefferson gradually assumed leadership of the Republicans , who sympathized with the revolutionary cause in France .
Attacking Federalist policies , he opposed a strong centralized Government and championed the rights of states .
The President :
As a reluctant candidate for President in 1796 , Jefferson came within three votes of election .
Through a flaw in the Constitution , he became Vice President , although an opponent of President Adams .
In 1800 the defect caused a more serious problem .
Republican electors , attempting to name both a President and a Vice President from their own party , cast a tie vote between Jefferson and Aaron Burr .
The House of Representatives settled the tie .
Hamilton , disliking both Jefferson and Burr , nevertheless urged Jefferson 's election .
When Jefferson assumed the Presidency , the crisis in France had passed .
He slashed Army and Navy expenditures , cut the budget , eliminated the tax on whiskey so unpopular in the West , yet reduced the national debt by a third .
He also sent a naval squadron to fight the Barbary pirates , who were harassing American commerce in the Mediterranean .
Further , although the Constitution made no provision for the acquisition of new land , Jefferson suppressed his qualms over constitutionality when he had the opportunity to acquire the Louisiana Territory from Napoleon in 1803 .
During Jefferson 's second term , he was increasingly preoccupied with keeping the Nation from involvement in the Napoleonic wars , though both England and France interfered with the neutral rights of American merchantmen .
Jefferson 's attempted solution , an embargo upon American shipping , worked badly and was unpopular .
Retirement : Jefferson retired to Monticello to ponder such projects as his grand designs for the University of Virginia .
A French nobleman observed that he had placed his house and his mind " on an elevated situation , from which he might contemplate the universe . "
1
A federal appeals court on Monday ruled that the SCO Group has a right to a jury trial on its claim that it owns the Unix operating system .
The ruling could lead to renewed legal entanglements for Unix 's open source cousin , Linux .
The 10th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals reversed a lower court judge who had ruled against SCO in 2007 , a decision that suspended an aggressive legal campaign by the company .
In 1995 , SCO Group ( then known as Santa Cruz Operation ) bought the Unix operating system from Novell for $ 149 million .
But which company owned the copyrights was n't clear , and years of litigation ensued .
SCO Group filed for bankruptcy two years ago after a Utah federal judge said SCO Group – considered a Utah - based copyright troll by the open source community – was not the owner despite the $ 149 million deal .
While the case ground through the courts , SCO Group tried to collect licensing fees from some 1,500 corporate Linux users , claiming that portions of Linux are based on Unix , and thus violated SCO Group 's copyrights .
Novell did not make a similar claim .
Monday 's ruling could revive SCO 's separate high - stakes lawsuit against IBM .
SCO Group is seeking more than $ 1 billion from Big Blue on allegations it used SCO - copyrighted Unix code in its Linux - based systems .
The case was sidelined after the Utah federal judge said SCO group did n't own the copyrights at issue .
Still , the copyright fight is far from being settled .
The appellate court , without taking any sides , ordered a jury trial to determine whether SCO Group properly owned the Unix and UnixWare copyrights .
The court , in short , said the case was too close to call without a trial .
" We take no position on which party ultimately owns the Unix copyrights or which copyrights were required for Santa Cruz to exercise its rights under the agreement , " the court wrote .
" Such matters are for the finder of fact on remand . "
See Also :
1 of 1 2 of 1
This is brilliant .
A design engineer from the U.K. who posts to YouTube as “ fluxlasers ” has started creating levels of the PS3 game Little Big Planet based on conceptual artist Matthew Barney ’s Cremaster Cycle .
This boggles my mind .
I was in New York in 2002 when the Guggenheim was taken over by Barney ’s Cremaster exhibition .
The entire centre interior of the museum — which is open from the floor to the roof — was filled with dripping resin and sculpture , and props and stills from the films were staged on the spiral ramps leading up to the top of the building .
The idea of what Barney was doing was overwhelming , but to be in the middle of it , strewn around the Guggenheim , was like walking through a delirium .
That someone has the skill and ambition to translate the Cremaster Cycle into the craft - like world of Little Big Planet is astounding .
Fluxlasers has already tackled Cremaster 1 and Cremaster 4 , and plans to create Little Big Planet levels based on the other three films in the cycle .
The levels are being created out of order , in the same way Barney created his cycle .
And true to the themes explored by Barney , completing a level will unlock the next in the sequence .
For now , we can simply marvel at the creation by watching the videos .
A few weeks ago , Gamecenter ran an article in which they declared that adventure gaming was " dead and buried " .
The Gamecenter employees who write the titles for articles apparently do n't coordinate their efforts with the people who write the subtitles for articles because even before the banner graphic was completely over , someone in the subtitle department had upgraded the condition of adventure games to merely " vanishing " .
Still , no matter which part of the logo you choose to look at , adventure games are in trouble .
Gamecenter blames
Myst for killing adventure games .
Or at least the Gamecenter employees who write the first paragraph of Gamecenter articles do .
Again , this department may not be in direct contact with the team responsible for paragraph four , in which it is clearly stated that :
Now it seems people want more action than adventure .
They would rather run around in short shorts raiding tombs than experience real stories .
As far as I can tell , the Gamecenter " death of adventure " timeline goes something like this :
The action - packed Myst introduces casual gamers to the pleasures of Tomb Raider .
Genius adventure gamers come to the painful realization that the same equipment they use to explore the complex fantasy world of Leisure Suit Larry can also be utilized by stupid people to run Quake .
Thanks to their television - atrophied attention spans , these casual gamers are mentally incapable of spending six hours trying to randomly guess at the absurd dream logic Roberta Williams has applied to the problem of getting the dungeon key out of the bluebird 's nest .
Horrified by the knowledge that somewhere someone is playing a game that is not an adventure , genius adventure gamers abandon the hobby in droves and resort to their backup source of entertainment : various combinations of Babylon 5 novels and masturbating .
Gamecenter mentions Jane Jensen 's Gabriel Knight 3 as the last title of note in the genre .
I 'd like to use Gabriel Knight 3 to illustrate my alternate theory of who killed adventure gaming .
YAMHILL , Ore .
On a summer visit back to the farm here where I grew up , I think I figured out the central problem with modern industrial agriculture .
It ’s not just that it produces unhealthy food , mishandles waste and overuses antibiotics in ways that harm us all .
More fundamentally , it has no soul .
The family farm traditionally was the most soulful place imaginable , and that was the case with our own farm on the edge of the Willamette Valley .
I ca n’t say we were efficient : for a time we thought about calling ourselves “ Wandering Livestock Ranch , ” after our Angus cattle escaped in one direction and our Duroc hogs in another .
When coyotes threatened our sheep operation , we spent $ 300 on a Kuvasz , a breed of guard dog that is said to excel in protecting sheep .
Alas , our fancy - pants new sheep dog began her duties by dining on lamb .
It ’s always said that if a dog kills one lamb , it will never stop , and so the local rule was that if your dog killed one sheep you had to shoot it .
Instead we engaged in a successful cover - up .
It worked , for the dog never touched a lamb again and for the rest of her long life fended off coyotes heroically .
May 30th : National Day of Action
Nationwide Rallies for Improved Medicare for All
Join thousands of single - payer supporters in a nationwide week of action to support improved Medicare for all ( HR 676 ) .
Single - payer activists will be gathering all over the country to say , " Healthcare , yes ; Insurance companies , no , " and to show solidarity with demonstrations at the AHIP ( American Health Insurance Plans , a private health insurance lobby ) conference in San Diego .
If an action is n't already in your city , plan your own day of action !
It can be a town hall meeting , demonstration in front of a local insurance company , film showing , vigil , or your own unique idea .
Let us know what you 'd like to start planning by contacting info@healthcare-now.org .
47 million Americans are uninsured .
Private insurance rates are rising faster than inflation and our incomes .
By 2025 the cost of private health insurance will exceed our projected income .
A national , single - payer healthcare system is the only healthcare reform option that will cover every American resident while saving us billions of dollars .
The majority of Americans want it .
The majority of physicians want it .
The only thing missing is the political will in Washington .
Customizable Flyer : Word File ( .doc )
Flyer : Image File ( PNG )
Flyer : PDF
Demonstration Locations
Planning is happening in :
Albany , NY - May 27th
Atlana , GA - May 27th
Augusta , ME - May 30th
Austin , TX - May 30th
Billings , MT - May 16th
Boston , MA - May 30th
Chicago , IL - June 2nd
Denver , CO - May 30th
Elmwood Park , NJ - June 5
Fenton , MI - May 21st
Gainesville , FL - May 28th & 30th
Greeley , CO - May 30th
Indianapolis , IN - May 20th
Lawrence , KS - May 30th
Los Angeles , CA - TBA
Louisville , KY - May 28th
Middleton , CT - May 28th
New Albany , IN - May 30th
New York City , NY - May 30th
Philadelphia , PA - May 30th
Pittsburgh , PA - May 29th
Phoenix , AZ - May 30th
Pontiac , MI - June 16th
Portland , OR - May 27th
Princeton , NJ - May 31st
Rochester , NY - May 30th
San Diego , CA - June 3rd
San Francisco , CA - TBA
Seattle , WA - May 30th
Springfield , MA - May 27th
Tampa , FL - TBA
Topeka , KS - May 30th
Towson , MD - May 30th
Wheaton , MD - May 30th
Your city or town not listed ?
Let us know that you 'd like to organize an event on May 30th .
Sponsored by :
The Leadership Conference for Guaranteed Health Care
Healthcare - NOW !
Progressive Democrats of Americca
CNA / National Nurses Organizing Committee
Physicians for a National Health Program
Americans for Democratic Action
If you live in a rural area or somewhere a group action is not planned , join us in a ' CyberMarch ' - choose your avatar who will go to Washington for you on May 30 .
Consider doing some Freeway blogging for Single Payer .
===========
Join The Daily Kos HealthCare Google Group .
It is not a discussion list - the purpose is only to share links to Health Care diaries published here at Daily Kos so that those interested in the issue can find them .
Not everyone can be on Daily Kos all day .
Anyone can share a link - to your own diary or someone elses .
===========
Other ideas for action , including ads we need support for , in my last diary .
Do n't miss desmoinesdem 's diary :
Ten answers to Boehner 's question on health care
Expanded and Improved Medicare for All : We can do it !
My Comment on the progress or non-progress of health insurance reform through the legislative meat grinder has drawn quite a few unusually intelligent and / or impassioned responses via our letters - to - the - editor e-mail box .
I ’m going to share a few of them on this blog , along with my responses to the responses .
( A blogger always gets the last word on his or her own blog . )
Referring to the American constitutional system in his Comment , “ Second Opinions , ” Hendrik Hertzberg claims that “ these perverse ( if time - honored ) institutional arrangements … are the principal cause of America ’s sad health - care exceptionalism . ”
This argument is well - worn : nothing substantial can be accomplished in American politics because of the numerous “ veto points ” inherent in our institutions which allow special interests to thwart legislation virtually at will .
However , these veto points seemed non-existent when , say , the USA Patriot Act , NAFTA , tax cuts for the wealthy , and much of the so - called “ Contract with America ” were signed into law , despite great public and institutional opposition to each of these legislative packages .
It is n’t that we ca n’t pass laws ; we simply have trouble passing those laws that would benefit the commonwealth at the expense of the rich and powerful .
The American system of checks and balances worked fine when we enacted the New Deal , Roosevelt - era antitrust legislation , and the Civil Rights Act of 1964 .
In light of this evidence , we must ask ourselves :
What has changed since the nineteen - sixties that has made passing socially - oriented legislation nearly impossible ?
It seems to me that it is not the “ system ” which is at fault , but the overwhelming economic power that is concentrated in far too few hands .
If we are to blame anything for our current woes , then , let us point the finger at those institutions that are truly guilty : America ’s hopelessly bloated and ethically bankrupt corporations .
David Zonca
Brooklyn
The ease with which bills are passed that benefit rich , well - organized , narrow special interests at the expense of the amorphous commonwealth ( e.g. , the Bush tax cuts ) and the ease with which bills are scuttled or gutted that benefit the amorphous commonwealth at the expense of rich , etc. , special interests ( e.g. , expanded health care ) are two sides of the same coin .
The veto points were not nonexistent when the Bush tax cuts were passed ; they were right there , but they were serving as what might be called passage points .
There ’s a confusion here of moral and analytic language .
Our ramshackle , eighteenth - century political system , on the one hand , and excessive , greedy corporate power , on the other , are not mutually exclusive explanations .
I tend to think the former is the chicken and the latter the egg .
Greedy , powerful people in the present , however , can be deemed “ guilty ” in a way that the neophyte constitution - makers at Philadelphia in 1789 cannot .
The Framers did not intend to make it easy for the top executives of big insurance companies to enrich themselves by designing mechanisms to avoid paying for people ’s medical care .
( Although , to be unfair , they did intend — or , to be less unfair , they were forced to agree to mechanisms that had this effect — to make it essentially impossible for slavery to be abolished .
Some of these mechanisms , such as the rule of two senators per state regardless of population , remain , in their not - very - much - changed modern form , the insurance industry ’s best friends and the hapless patient ’s worst enemies . )
There ’s a tendency to over - romanticize the achievements of the New Deal and the Great Society .
Yes , we got guaranteed ( if not very generous ) pensions for the aged , but we have yet to get the other part of F.D.R. ’s vision of “ social security ” : basic , universal health insurance .
Yes , we got the Civil Rights Act of 1964 , which was a wonderful thing , but ninety - nine years , the time that had elapsed since Appomattox , was kind of a long time to wait , no ?
Of course you shudder when you are putting on your beloved best - looking – and expensive !
– shoes and the dark fear of a possible shower crosses your mind …
What a spoiler – to come back home wearing a sodden ugly mass on your feet !
Here is Shuella – the answer to your prayer , a perfect protective measure from moisture .
As soon as the clouds scud across the sky , you get these footwear raincoats from the pouch and don them .
Rest assured the rain wo n’t harm your latest and prized acquisition .
A towel is included to use on them after they have served you .
Black and pink are the available colors .
Source of the image : shuella.com .
The term genjokoan seems to appear first in ninth - century China and is often used in Japanese Soto Zen to refer to present being as the topic of meditation or the issue of Zen .
Gen means " manifestation " or " present , " jo means " become . "
Genjo means actuality - being as is , at hand , or accomplished , as of an accomplished fact .
Koan is a common Zen word which is often left untranslated , having to some extent become a naturalized English word .
Ko means official , public , or open , as opposed to private or personal ; an means a consideration , or a considered decision .
A koan in standard literary Chinese means an official report or an issue under consideration .
The term was adopted in Zen with much the same meanings , only transposed into the frame of reference of Zen tradition and experience .
Genjokoan is one of the most popular and oft - quoted essays in Shobogenzo .
Written to a lay disciple , it contains a number of key points stated in a most concise fashion .
The very first paragraph contains a complete outline of Zen , in a covert presentation of the so - called " five ranks " ( go i ) device of the original Chinese Soto Zen school .
The scheme of the five ranks - relative within absolute , absolute within relative , coming from within the absolute , arriving in the relative , and simultaneous attainment in both relative and absolute - is not overtly used in Dogen 's work , perhaps because of the confusion surrounding it , but its structures are to be found throughout Shobogenzo .
Following this summary introduction , the essay proceeds to the discussion of enlightenment .
Dogen says the way to enlightenment is to forget the self .
The self in this sense refers to an accumulation of habits , including the habit of attachment to this accumulation as a genuine personality .
Dogen calls this forgetting " shedding body and mind , " an expression which is said to have galvanized his awareness as a young man and which he repeatedly uses to describe Zen study .
Commentators on Dogen 's lectures describe it in these terms : " Each moment of time is thoughtless ; things do not provoke a second thought , " and " This is the time when the whole mind and body attains great freedom . "
This , however , is not the whole issue .
In one of his lectures Dogen says that " shedding body and mind " is the beginning of the effort , and in Genjokoan he affirms that there is continuing progress in buddhahood , going beyond the attainment of enlightenment : " There is ceasing the traces of enlightenment , which causes one to forever leave the traces of enlightenment which is cessation . "
In the Hokke scripture Buddha reveals to his liberated disciples that nirvana , cessation of afflictive habits , which had been expediently represented as the goal , is as it were a resting place on an infinite path .
In the essay The Business of Progress ( or transcendence ) of Buddha , also in Shobogenzo , Dogen wrote , " To go on informing the Buddha of today it is not only today is called the business of progress of Buddha . "
The celebrated Zen master Hakuin said , " Without cultivation and practice after enlightenment , many who have seen the essence miss the boat " ; and Hakuin 's assistant Torei said , " Lesser enlightenment turns out to be a hindrance to great enlightenment .
If you give up lesser enlightenments and do n't cling to them , great enlightenment will surely be realized . "
Dogen says that there are differences in depth and breadth of the realization of enlightenment , and speaks here of enlightenment as being enlightened by all things .
This leads to the issue of perspective .
Dogen states that delusion is a matter of experiencing things with the burden of the self - the bundle of mental habits , ingrained views , which is identified with the self .
This is a basic issue of all Buddhist thought .
The condition of the self , with its set of conditioned perceptions and views , is implicitly taken as a kind of absolute or veritable point of reference , if one takes one 's experience as conceived to be reality .
In order to overcome hidden prejudice in the form of unquestioned views , Dogen says that introspection is necessary , to see that things have no absolute identity , that they are not necessarily or totally as one may view them .
But then Dogen goes on to point out the absoluteness , so to speak , of relative identity .
Logically , if particular things exist , or are defined , relative to one another and therefore lack absolute identity , yet that absolute identitylessness still depends on their relative identity .
The approach Dogen takes , however , is not that of deduction but of direct witness ( genryo ) , which he refers to , in classic Zen terminology , as the realms of before and after being disconnected .
Thus Dogen explains the traditional " characteristics of emptiness " called birthlessness and nonperishing in terms of the noncoexistence of before and after , or the nonconcurrence of a state with its own nonexistence .
Dogen 's emphasis here seems to be not on discursive understanding of this point of logic , but on presence of mind in the most thoroughgoing sense , direct experience of the present .
Dogen also speaks of enlightenment in terms of the universal being reflected in the individual ; this " merging " of universe and individual does not , however , obliterate the individual or restrict the universal .
This leads to the apparent paradox of life being at once finite and infinite .
One life , or one sphere of experience , contains everything that is within its scope and nothing that is beyond its range .
At every moment we reach , or are at , the full extent of our experience ; and yet this never limits the potential of experience in itself .
Each moment is complete , hence infinite , in itself , though it be finite as a point of comparison with past or future .
In the Kegon philosophy , this interpenetration of the finite and the infinite is represented by the figure of " arriving in one step , " each moment of awareness being the focal point of the whole nexus of existence .
Again Dogen drives at the full experience of the present without conceptually delineating it .
Finally Dogen quotes a classic
Zen story alluding to the necessity of practical application even though truth , or enlightenment , is inherent in everyone .
A monk asks his teacher why he uses a fan if the nature of wind is eternal and omnipresent ; the teacher replies that the student knows the nature of eternity but not the principle of omnipresence , and to illustrate this principle the teacher just fans himself .
As one of the Kegon philosophers said , " If not for practice flowing from reality , there is no means to merge with reality . " *
When all things are Buddha - teachings , then there is delusion and enlightenment , there is cultivation of practice , there is birth , there is death , there are Buddhas , there are sentient beings .
When myriad things are all not self , there is no delusion , no enlightenment , no Buddhas , no sentient beings , no birth , no death .
Because the Buddha Way originally sprang forth from abundance and paucity , there is birth and death , delusion and enlightenment , sentient beings and Buddhas .
Moreover , though this is so , flowers fall when we cling to them , and weeds only grow when we dislike them .
Acting on and witnessing myriad things with the burden of oneself is " delusion . "
Acting on and witnessing oneself in the advent of myriad things is enlightenment .
Great enlightenment about delusion is Buddhas ; great delusion about enlightenment is sentient beings .
There are also those who attain enlightenment on top of enlightenment , and there are those who are further deluded in the midst of delusion .
When the Buddhas are indeed the Buddhas , there is no need to be self - conscious of being Buddhas ; nevertheless it is realizing buddhahood Buddhas go on realizing .
In seeing forms with the whole body - mind , hearing sound with the whole body - mind , though one intimately understands , it is n't like reflecting images in a mirror , it 's not like water and the moon - when you witness one side , one side is obscure .
Studying the Buddha Way is studying oneself .
Studying oneself is forgetting oneself .
Forgetting oneself is being enlightened by all things .
Being enlightened by all things is causing the body - mind of oneself and the body - mind of others to be shed .
There is ceasing the traces of enlightenment , which causes one to forever leave the traces of enlightenment which is cessation .
When people first seek the Teaching , they are far from the bounds of the Teaching .
Once the Teaching is properly conveyed in oneself , already one is the original human being .
When someone rides in a boat , as he looks at the shore he has the illusion that the shore is moving .
When he looks at the boat under him , he realizes the boat is moving .
In the same way , when one takes things for granted with confused ideas of body - mind , one has the illusion that one 's own mind and own nature are permanent ; but if one pays close attention to one 's own actions , the truth that things are not self will be clear .
Kindling becomes ash , and cannot become kindling again .
However , we should not see the ash as after and the kindling as before .
Know that kindling abides in the normative state of kindling , and though it has a before and after , the realms of before and after are disconnected .
Ash , in the normative state of ash , has before and after .
Just as that kindling , after having become ash , does not again become kindling , so after dying a person does not become alive again .
This being the case , not saying that life becomes death is an established custom in Buddhism - therefore it is called unborn .
That death does not become life is an established teaching of the Buddha ; therefore we say imperishable .
Life is an individual temporal state , death is an individual temporal state .
It is like winter and spring - we do n't think winter becomes spring , we do n't say spring becomes summer .
People 's attaining enlightenment is like the moon reflected in water .
The moon does not get wet , the water is n't broken .
Though it is a vast expansive light , it rests in a little bit of water - even the whole moon , the whole sky , rests in a dewdrop on the grass , rests in even a single droplet of water .
That enlightenment does not shatter people is like the moon not piercing the water .
People 's not obstructing enlightenment is like the drop of dew not obstructing the moon in the sky .
The depth is proportionate to the height .
As for the length and brevity of time , examining the great and small bodies of water , you should discern the breadth and narrowness of the moon in the sky .
Before one has studied the Teaching fully in body and mind , one feels one is already sufficient in the Teaching .
If the body and mind are replete with the Teaching , in one respect one senses insufficiency .
For example , when one rides a boat out onto the ocean where there are no mountains and looks around , it only appears round , and one can see no other , different characteristics .
However , this ocean is not round , nor is it square - the remaining qualities of the ocean are inexhaustible .
It is like a palace , it is like ornaments , yet as far as our eyes can see , it only seems round .
It is the same with all things - in the realms of matter , beyond conceptualization , they include many aspects , but we see and comprehend only what the power of our eye of contemplative study reaches .
If we inquire into the " family ways " of myriad things , the qualities of seas and mountains , beyond seeming square or round , are endlessly numerous .
We should realize there exist worlds everywhere .
It 's not only thus in out of the way places - know that even a single drop right before us is also thus .
As a fish travels through water , there is no bound to the water no matter how far it goes ; as a bird flies through the sky , there 's no bound to the sky no matter how far it flies .
While this is so , the fish and birds have never been apart from the water and the sky - it 's just that when the need is large the use is large , and when the requirement is small the use is small .
In this way , though the bounds are unfailingly reached everywhere and tread upon in every single place , the bird would instantly die if it left the sky and the fish would instantly die if it left the water .
Obviously , water is life ; obviously the sky is life .
There is bird being life .
There is fish being life .
There is life being bird , there is life being fish .
There must be progress beyond this - there is cultivation and realization , the existence of the living one being like this .
Under these circumstances , if there were birds or fish who attempted to traverse the waters or the sky after having found the limits of the water or sky , they would n't find a path in the water or the sky - they wo n't find any place .
When one finds this place , this action accordingly manifests as the issue at hand ; when one finds this path , this action accordingly manifests as the issue at hand .
This path , this place , is not big or small , not self or other , not preexistent , not now appearing - therefore it exists in this way .
In this way , if someone cultivates and realizes the Buddha Way , it is attaining a principle , mastering the principle ; it is encountering a practice , cultivating the practice .
In this there is a place where the path has been accomplished , hence the unknowability of the known boundary is born together and studies along with the thorough investigation of the Buddha Teaching of this knowing - therefore it is thus .
Do n't get the idea that the attainment necessarily becomes one 's own knowledge and view , that it would be known by discursive knowledge .
Though realizational comprehension already takes place , implicit being is not necessarily obvious - why necessarily is there obvious becoming ?
Zen Master Hotetsu of Mt. Mayoku was using a fan .
A monk asked him about this : " The nature of wind is eternal and all - pervasive - why then do you use a fan ? "
The master said , " You only know the nature of wind is eternal , but do not yet know the principle of its omnipresence . "
The monk asked , " What is the principle of its omnipresence ? "
The master just fanned .
The monk bowed .
The experience of the Buddha Teaching , the living road of right transmission , is like this .
To say that since ( the nature of wind ) is permanent one should not use a fan , and that one should feel the breeze even when not using a fan , is not knowing permanence and not knowing the nature of the wind either .
Because the nature of wind is eternal , the wind of Buddhism causes the manifestation of the earth 's being gold and by participation develops the long river into butter .
A cancerous conspiracy to poison your faith in organic food
Despite its obvious benefits for our health and for the environment , organic food continues to be denigrated by the political and corporate establishment in Britain .
The food industry , in alliance with pharmaceutical and big biotechnology companies , has waged a long , often cynical campaign to convince the public that mass - produced , chemically - assisted and intensively - farmed products are just as good as organic foods , despite mounting evidence to the contrary .
The latest assault in this propaganda exercise comes from the Food Standards Agency , the government 's so - called independent watchdog , which has just published a report claiming that there is no nutritional benefit to be gained from eating organic produce .
Debate : Despite its obvious benefits organic food continues to be denigrated by the political and corporate establishment in Britain
Those forces bent on promoting GM crops and industrialised production , would have been delighted by the widespread media coverage of the Agency 's report , portraying enthusiasm for organic foods as little more than a fad among neurotic consumers that would pass once the public is given the correct information .
But what is truly misguided is not the increasing popularity of organic goods , but the Food Standards Agency 's determination to halt this trend and instead promote genetic modification .
The new report from the FSA highlights this .
For all the publicity it has attracted , the document does not contain any new material .
In fact , it is just an analysis of existing research carried out by other bodies .
Moreover , the organisation that conducted this second - hand study , the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine , is not renowned as a leading centre in this field .
Indeed , there is far more significant work currently being done on organic foods by several other bodies , some of it funded by the European Union , though the FSA has chosen to ignore it .
It is difficult to avoid the conclusion that the FSA has decided to give such loud backing to this report because it can bend the findings to suit its political , pro-GM , anti-organic agenda .
What is truly misguided is not the increasing popularity of organic goods , but the Food Standards Agency 's determination to instead promote genetic modification
Ever since its creation in 2000 , the Food Standards Agency has been biased against organic farming .
The first chairman , Sir John Krebs , was supportive of the biotechnology lobby and only too keen to promote GM as the future of farming .
In fact , one early review of the FSA 's work , by the Labour peer Baroness Brenda Dean , warned there was a risk of the Agency losing its ' objectivity ' and ' rigour ' in its support for GM crops and its opposition to organic production .
The departure of Sir John Krebs has not brought any change in policy , since the Agency is now largely run by plodding bureaucrats all too keen to follow the correct official corporate line .
Yet even in the context of the latest report from the FSA , the spin does not match the reality .
For , contrary to all the hype this week , the Agency 's own published research shows that organic foods are clearly far better for the consumer even just in nutritional terms .
Happy hen vs jail bird : Organic poultry , eggs and bacon not only taste much better , but they have also not been pumped full of growth hormones and antibiotics
According to the FSA 's findings , organic vegetables contain 53.6 per cent more betacarotene - which helps combat cancer and heart disease - than non-organic ones .
Similarly , organic food has 11.3 per cent more zinc , 38.4 per cent more flavonoids and 12.7 per cent more proteins .
In addition , an in - depth study by Newcastle University , far deeper than the one conducted by the FSA , has shown that organic produce contains 40 per cent more antioxidants than non-organic foods , research the FSA appears to have overlooked .
But the concentration solely on nutrition is to play into the hands of the anti-organic , pro-industrial lobby .
As most of the British public understands , but the FSA fails to acknowledge , the benefits of organic food go far beyond this narrow point .
The fact is that organic production is much better for personal health , food quality , the environment and the welfare of livestock .
Organic farming works in tune with the rhythms of the earth , gently harnessing the changing seasons , the natural cultivation of crops or the rearing of animals for our benefit .
In contrast , the vast biotech , processed food industry is at permanent war with nature , continually trying to manipulate , overwhelm and conquer .
Organic farming is all about harmony , non-organic about chemicalised ascendancy .
The most obvious way this difference is manifested is in the use of pesticides on crops , banned from organic farming but eagerly promoted by big industry .
Fifty years ago , agro-chemicals hardly existed in British farming , but today they dominate this sector .
But their rise has not been without justifiable concerns about the side - effects .
Pig heaven vs pig in a poke : Putting pigs in battery cages is a sure recipe for the spread of disease , akin to locking up a large group of children in an overheated , overcrowded nursery
There is now a wealth of evidence to show that pesticides not only poison the soil and harm wildlife , but also promote cancer and a host of other diseases because of their toxicity .
This is , after all , only common sense .
Anything that can kill insects is bound to have an impact when consumed by humans .
It has been shown that ordinary pears are sprayed with pesticides no fewer than 17 to 18 times during one seasonal growing cycle .
A third of all the food we eat , and no less than half of all our fruit and vegetables , contains such chemicals .
The Government airily dismisses any worries about the risks , but this kind of complacency is based on old , outdated science .
As the agro-chemical industry tightens its grip , the worse the dangers become .
Organic farming , however , offers the opportunity to eat without these dangers .
All organic food is free from chemical residues and thus the health threats are much lower .
Even the most die - hard GM enthusiast would have to admit that organic meat , fruit and vegetables taste much better than the mass - produced fare turned out by major suppliers .
Author Joanna Blythman argues the benefits of organic food go far beyond nutritional benefit
Non-organic produce is not just grown with chemicals , it is also filled with additives , colourings , flavourings , salt and water simply so it has an acceptable appearance to the consumer once it reaches the shelves .
Again , this battery of synthetic additives which appears in many processed foods , ready meals and take - aways has a detrimental effect on our health , something that is avoided with organic produce .
Intensive farming also has a brutal impact on the well - being of animals , which in turn undermines both the quality of meat and our own health .
Organic poultry , eggs and bacon not only taste much better , but they have also not been pumped full of growth hormones and antibiotics , like industrialised produce .
Putting pigs and hens in battery cages inside vast hangars is a sure recipe for the spread of disease , akin to locking up a large group of children in an overheated , overcrowded nursery .
In this environment , the only way to combat germs is to dish out the antibiotics , but there are now scientific concerns that the overuse of such chemicals is weakening resistance in animals and also reducing the effectiveness of antibiotics among humans .
Giving animals a decent life through organic , traditional husbandry is better for them - and for us .
All the cheerleading for the agro-chemical giants cannot hide the fact that industrialised farming represents a cul - de-sac for mankind .
We cannot go on as we are , pumping chemicals into our livestock and into the earth .
The future has to be organic .
If it has any genuine interest in nutrition , the Food Standards Agency would be supporting a shift away from intensification , not pushing for more of it .
The FSA was meant to be an organisation for improving our food .
Now it is just getting in the way .
Billy Mays Orders Food At The Drive Thru
This past week , I had a pretty long discussion on StackOverflow about Ruby and Python , that was touched off by question about whether there was anything special about Ruby that made it more amenable for Rails .
My initial response covered blocks ( as a self - hosting way to improve the language ) and the ability to define new " class keywords " because of the fact that class bodies are just normal executable code .
The strongest argument against this was that Python decorators are as powerful as Ruby 's executable class bodies , and therefore can be used to achieve anything that Ruby can achieve .
Python decorators do in fact provide a certain amount of additional power and elegance over the Python before decorators .
However , this power is simply a subset of the available Ruby functionality .
This is because Ruby has always had the ability to add features like decorators to the language without needing language changes .
In other words , while Python has added a new hardcoded feature in order to achieve some of the power of Ruby , adding such a feature to Ruby would be unnecessary because of the underlying structure of the Ruby language .
To show this clearly , I have implemented a port of Python function decorators in under 70 lines of Ruby .
I wrote the code test - first , porting the necessary functionality from two Python Decorator tutorials written by Bruce Eckel in October 2008 .
The list of features supported :
Decorate any object that responds to call via : decorate SomeKlass or decorate some_lambda
or A simpler syntax for class names that can be used as decorators : SomeKlass ( arg )
The ability to give the decorator a name that could be used instead of the class name , if desired
Some examples :
class MyDecorator def initialize ( klass , method ) @method = method end def call ( this , * args ) puts " Before MyDecorator with #{args.inspect} " @method.bind ( this ).call ( *args ) puts " After MyDecorator with # {args.inspect} " end end class WithDecorator # we could trivially add these to all classes , but we 'll keep it isolated extend MethodDecorators MyDecorator ( ) # equivalent to decorate MyDecorator def my_function ( * args ) puts " Inside my_function with #{args.inspect} " end end WithDecorator.new.my_function (1 )
When MyDecorator ( ) is called inside the WithDecorator class , it registers a decorator for the next method that is defined .
This is roughly equivalent to Python 's function decoration .
Some other examples :
class MyDecorator < Decorator decorator_name : surround def initialize ( klass , method , * args ) @method , @args = method , args end def call ( this , * args ) puts " Before MyDecorator(#{@args.inspect } ) with # {args.inspect} " @method.bind ( this ).call ( *args ) puts " After MyDecorator(#{@args.inspect } ) with # {args.inspect} " end end class Class include MethodDecorators end class WithDecorator surround ( 1 , 2 ) def function ( * args ) p args end end WithDecorator.new.function (1 )
In this case , I 've inherited from the Decorator class , which allows me to add a decorator name , which can then be used in a class with MethodDecorators mixed in .
In this example , I 've mixed MethodDecorators into Class , which makes decorators available for all classes .
Again , I could have made this the default , but I like to try to make new behaviors global if I can avoid it .
This is of course a first pass and I 'm sure there are subtle inconsistencies between Python 's decorator implementation and what I have here .
My point is just that the feature that was added to Python to add flexibility is merely a subset of the functionality available to Ruby , because Rubyists can implement new declarative features without needing help from the language implementors , and have always been able to .
Too bad we did n’t just have a national election where voters got to decide between health care reform or health care status quo .
That would have really helped clear things up …
Late Update : TPM Reader JM does me one better :
A high school band in Sedalia , Missouri came up with these cute shirts showing the “ evolution ” of a trumpet player :
Those shirts will no longer be worn , though , because religious parents complained :
[ Assistant Superintendent Brad ]
Pollitt said the district is required by law to remain neutral where religion is concerned .
“ If the shirts had said ‘ Brass Resurrections ’ and had a picture of Jesus on the cross , we would have done the same thing , ” he said .
Band parent Sherry Melby , who is a teacher in the district , stands behind Pollitt ’s decision .
Melby said she associated the image on the T - shirt with Charles Darwin ’s theory of evolution .
“ I was disappointed with the image on the shirt . ”
Melby said .
“ I do n’t think evolution should be associated with our school . ”
That ’s the mark of a dumb administrator and an ignorant parent / teacher .
She does n’t think evolution should be associated with the school ?
While she ’s at it , why not just get rid of the whole science department .
Clearly , they ’re unnecessary , too …
The shirt has absolutely nothing to do with religion .
Hell , it has very little to do with science , since the image is n’t even an accurate portrayal of evolution .
( Evolution does n’t point toward man… or a trumpet player for that matter . )
But leave it to fundie parents to oppose even the notion of evolution .
The high school students are n’t helping :
“ It ’s not like we are saying God is bad , ” sophomore band member Denyel Luke said .
“ We are n’t promoting evolution . ” … Senior Drum Major Mike Howard said he was disappointed when he had to return the shirt .
“ I liked the shirt because it was unique , ” Howard said .
“ The theory of evolution never even crossed my mind . ”
That ’s not the point .
So what if it did promote evolution ?
There ’s nothing wrong with that !
That these kids do n’t see the problem here highlights the fact that young people are under - educated about science .
Next thing you know , the school will ban Astronomy Club shirts that mention the Big Bang , or Environmental Club shirts that mention Global Warming … where does it stop ?
Ugh .
What a horrible decision by school officials .
( Was there no one in the Science department who could chime in here ? )
( via Why Evolution Is True )
How to Buy a Used Car
We may be experts at eliminating all the little money leaks but unless we spend time to learn how to save on big ticket items , we are handicapped from the beginning .
This article is about how to buy a used car .
Lately , we were thinking of buying a used car but how do you actually buy one without regretting down the road ?
After tons of research and several less than stellar experiences , let me share with you how to buy a used car .
In general , there are two main concerns of every used car buyer and the following steps are aimed at them specifically .
They are : ( a ) price of the vehicle and ( b ) reliability after purchases .
Narrow Down the Selection
There are two phrases to buying a used car .
There ’s “ I have $ X budget to pick a model that I like ” and then there ’s the “ once I know the model , I want to get the best price available ” .
Most people simply combine these two phrases to save time but this is recipe for paying too much , since sellers will try to give you so many options on the spot in order to confuse you and manipulate you into paying for a higher price than needed .
That ’s why you need to give yourself enough time .
In other words , do n’t buy a car , especially a used one , in a rush or on impulse .
Once you pick a model and settled on it , move on to find a good deal .
Never combine the two phrases .
So how do you narrow down the search ?
Dealerships .
The best place to find the model you are looking for , assuming you are n’t buying a beater , is to actually go to the dealerships and test drive the different models .
In order to save time though , look through the dealership ’s website to make sure they have the selection you are looking for .
Your goal is to find out about the different options available as well as how cars actually drives , so do n’t worry too much about whether the dealership you go to will give you the best bargains .
In case you are , there ’s no need to feel bad about dealership hopping because you are legitimately thinking about buying their cars .
When you get in , just be prepared to get phone calls when they try to follow up with you .
You can always refuse to give them your number , which they are fine with as long as you are n’t being rude .
Finding a Good Price
Now comes the tricky part , finding a good price on the exact model that you like .
As a used car buyer , it ’s tough to get exactly all the options , color that you like at the lowest price available on the market .
If it happens to turn out that way , great but do n’t bet on it .
That ’s why you should figure out the “ must - haves ” , and then go on the hunt to find the best deal with the car that have those options .
Here are several places to aid your search .
Edmunds.com –
You can find not only the MSRP and invoice prices on new vehicles but old ones as well .
For used cars , they also scan the system to see what other people are paying for and give you an estimated market value of the year , make and model of the car you have your eyes set on .
Specific Car Forums – A great place to find out about the car and what deals people are able to get is to read car specific forums .
If you are looking for a honda accord , just search for “ honda accord forum ” and there will be tons of bulletin boards with people talking about their beloved car .
As you read the forum posts , you can find out about reliability , problems , deals and prices that people are paying ( yes , even prices for used cars ) .
Others – craigslist and ebay are great places to get a gauge on how much a car is worth on the open market .
No one ever gets their asking price so take craigslist listings with a grain of salt .
ebay is good because you can not only see which ones are for sale but also the closing price , giving you a good sense of market value .
In addition , the ebay marketplace allows to you to search for parts like no other .
Click here to go to ebay , where you can sort the list by discount , year , price and ones that best match your search phrase .
The Importance of a Carfax History Report
With used cars , it is imperative to get a carfax history report that shows the complete history of the vehicle .
Sometimes , you find that the last odometer reading on the report is actually higher than the actual reading , indicating something fishing going on .
Other times , you see that there was flood or frame damage , a big nono when buying a used car .
Also note that it ’s the responsibility of the buyer to order a report .
Not the seller , not the mechanic that you ask to look at the vehicle .
You .
So spend a bit of money on the report and drastically reduce the chances that there will be a major repair soon after you buy the vehicle .
Dealer Experience
It is safer to buy a used car at a dealership ( or big name used car retailers like Carmax ) , assuming that you are n’t paying much more for the experience .
This is because most brands now have what ’s known as “ certified pre-owned ” cars .
With these , the dealership will inspect the cars , make sure there ’s no major damages and will even offer out a multi- year warranty ( for example , Lexus pre-own carry a 3 - year , 100,000 miles limited warranty as opposed to 4 - years for a new one ) .
So if the price is right , buying a certified pre-owned vehicle will give you the piece of mind that there are no major damages that are n’t detectable by the untrained eye ( that means us ) .
It is also a myth that dealerships always carry sell cars at a higher cost .
It ’s true that their list price is higher , but they are very willing to negotiate ( sometimes more than private sellers ) because they make most of the money on up sell and maintenance , not selling cars .
By being willing , dealers are betting that you will go back to them for services on the car , making money off you for years to come .
Also , think twice before saying yes to “ extras ” that dealerships will ask you to buy .
Extended warranty , safety features etc etc .
It ’s not that they are n’t useful .
It ’s just that they are either statistically not in your favor ( in the case of warranty ) or they are overpriced when purchased from the dealer .
In order to get a good price with dealerships , make sure you do your homework before you sit down and negotiate .
Never let the salesperson offer you different cars because all they ’re trying to do is lure you into thinking that you are getting a better deal while the point of their tactic is to offer you a lesser car for the same price , maintaining their profit .
Have a car in mind , tell them a price that you are willing to pay for and let them do the work .
In your preparation , you need to :
Research ahead of time on the inventory that they have so you know exactly which car you ’d like to own .
Have multiple quotes of similar models as well as the Edmunds estimated value printed out so you can show them when they ask why you are requesting such a low offer ( trust me , they will use the word “ low ” when you know it ’s really “ fair ” ) .
Act uninterested with their suggestions and just tell them what you need them to do .
Do n’t Be Lazy
Car shopping can become frustrating as salespeople after salespeople “ mug ” you with sales pitches and phone calls , all the while you are spending tons of time researching and comparing different options and prices .
However , I assure you that once you finish buying the car and start driving it home , all the hard work will be worth it .
Do n’t be lazy .
You can really save big by knowing how to buy a used car , which starts with research .
One Last Note about Buying a Used Car from a Dealership
Many people expressed concern when I voted for buying a used car from a dealership .
I still stand by the recommendation because they are able to recondition many small but annoying things that a private seller wo n’t do .
For example , last time I bought a used car , the dealer was able to :
Fix many scratches on the driver and passenger side door ( when I got the car , the doors looked brand new )
Replace basically any non-functional feature ( radios , DVD navigation etc )
Brand new floor mats
Brand new key housings ( the ones that the car came with were all scratched up
First service free and an additional oil change at no charge
Warranty , through its pre-owned certified program ( as mentioned earlier )
Many of you may still be skeptical of how the dealership makes money if they advertise a “ just as good ” deal as private sellers .
Do n’t worry , because most dealers do n’t make much money off selling used cars .
What they are betting on is that most people will go back to their dealership to service the car , which is where they really make their money back .
Also , after you agree on a price , you are usually sent to the finance department where someone will try to up sell you on a variety of products .
It ranges from extended warranty to lo jack to premium sealant .
Each option will have its use .
For example , many people like the extended warranty , while others love lo jack that locates the car if someone steals it .
However , if you are looking to save money , do not buy them from the dealer because there ’s a heavy mark up .
1. SHOP
Guaranteed 0 Down Car Lease Deals in Your Area
The deal you see is the deal you get ; NO Extra Fees , NO gimmicks , NO dealer mind games .
If you want a new car , we will get you the ultimate deal , with literally no games , no headaches , and no extra fees .
We have a nationwide network of car dealers , and we will scan their inventory to get you the lowest possible rates on your next deal .
We will focus on getting you the best possible deal on your next car deal .
Never Go To The Dealership
With Zooomr , you never have to go into a dealership , EVER again .
This is our central promise .
The standard ideology is that you must go to a car dealership in order to get a car .
This is not true anymore .
Zooomr makes it possible to get a deal all entirely online .
We show you all the prices of cars online , without any headaches .
Avoid going to liquor store , when you see how amazing our prices are .
We Negotiate For You .
Zooomr negotiates your deal on your behalf , so you never have to speak to a car dealer again .
Our goal is to find the lowest rates , and then showing you what you ’re paying for .
Many car dealers bait and switch you by showing you fake deals .
Our promise is that the rate you see on Zooomr is the rate you ’re expected to pay .
We make it simply AMAZING to find cars online .
While you crafty peoples have already figured most of this out through various leaks , here at last confirmed are the details of the fearsome and fabulous …
Necromantic Pack DLC for Castle Crashers !
It will include :
Two new Characters !
The Necromancer ( who ’s magic is pure awesome ) and The Cult Minion
A new Animal Orb
Dragonhead will bring the heat !
Two new Weapons !
The NG Skull Mace and yes , … the damn Chainsaw .
No word yet on the release date or price , and once again , this is completely up to Microsoft .
But I can leave you with a tantalizing ..
SOON .
We will post the date as soon as we find out !
love ,
kelly
In recent years the world 's most venerable libraries have played host to some incongruous visitors .
In dusty nooks and far - flung stacks , teams of workers dispatched by Google have been beavering away to make digital copies of books .
So far , Google has scanned more than 10 million titles from libraries in America and Europe – including half a million volumes held by the Bodleian in Oxford .
The exact method it uses is unclear ; the company does not allow outsiders to observe the process .
Why is Google undertaking such a venture , so seemingly out - of - kilter with its snazzy , hi-tech image ?
Why is it even interested in all those out - of - print library books , most of which have been gathering dust on forgotten shelves for decades ?
The company claims its motives are essentially public - spirited .
Its overall mission , after all , is to " organise the world 's information " , so it would be odd if that information did not include books .
Like the Ancient Egyptians who attempted to build a library at Alexandria containing all the known world 's scrolls , Google executives talk of constructing a universal online archive , a treasure trove of knowledge that will be freely available – or at least freely searchable – for all .
The company likes to present itself as having lofty , utopian aspirations .
" This really is n't about making money " is a mantra .
" We are doing this for the good of society . "
As Santiago de la Mora , head of Google Books for Europe , puts it : " By making it possible to search the millions of books that exist today , we hope to expand the frontiers of human knowledge . "
Dan Clancy , the chief architect of Google Books , offers an analogy with the invention of the Gutenberg press – Google 's book project , he says , will have a similar democratising effect .
He talks of people in far - flung parts being able to access knowledge as never before , of search queries leading them to the one , long out - of - print book they need .
And he does seem genuine in his conviction that this is primarily a philanthropic exercise .
" Google 's core business is search and find , so obviously what helps improve Google 's search engine is good for Google , " he says .
" But we have never built a spreadsheet outlining the financial benefits of this , and I have never had to justify the amount I am spending to the company 's founders . "
It is easy , talking to Clancy and his colleagues , to be swept along by their missionary zeal .
But Google 's book - scanning project is proving controversial .
Several opponents have recently emerged , ranging from rival tech giants such as Microsoft and Amazon to small bodies representing authors and publishers across the world .
In broad terms , these opponents have levelled two sets of criticisms at Google .
First , they have questioned whether the primary responsibility for digitally archiving the world 's books should be allowed to fall to a commercial company .
In a recent essay in the New York Review of Books , Robert Darnton , the head of Harvard University 's library , argued that because such books are a common resource – the possession of us all – only public , not - for - profit bodies should be given the power to control them .
The second , related criticism is that Google 's scanning of books is actually illegal .
This allegation has led to Google becoming mired in a legal battle whose scope and complexity makes the Jarndyce and Jarndyce case in Bleak House look straightforward .
At its centre , however , is one simple issue : that of copyright .
The inconvenient fact about most books , to which Google has arguably paid insufficient attention , is that they are protected by copyright .
Copyright laws differ from country to country , but in general protection extends for the duration of an author 's life and for a substantial period afterwards , thus allowing the author 's heirs to benefit .
( In Britain and America , this post - death period is 70 years . )
This means , of course , that almost all of the books published in the 20th century are still under copyright – and last century saw more books published than in all previous centuries combined .
Of the roughly 40 million books in US libraries , for example , an estimated 32 million are in copyright .
Of these , some 27 million are out of print .
Outside the US , Google has made sure only to scan books that are out of copyright and thus in the " public domain " ( works such as the Bodleian 's first edition of Middlemarch , which anyone can read for free on Google Books Search ) .
But , within the US , the company has scanned both in - copyright and out - of - copyright works .
In its defence , Google points out that it displays only snippets of books that are in copyright – arguing that such displays are " fair use " .
But critics allege that by making electronic copies of these books without first seeking the permission of copyright holders , Google has committed piracy .
" The key principle of copyright law has always been that works can be copied only once authors have expressly given their permission , " says Piers Blofeld , of the Sheil Land literary agency in London .
" Google has reversed this – it has simply copied all these works without bothering to ask . "
In 2005 , the Authors Guild of America , together with a group of US publishers and publishers , launched a class action suit against Google that , after more than two years of wrangling , ended with an announcement last October that Google and the claimants had reached an out - of - court settlement .
The full details are staggeringly complicated – the text alone runs to 385 pages – and trying to summarise it is no easy task .
" Part of the problem is that it is basically incomprehensible , " says Blofeld , one of the settlement 's most vocal British critics .
Broadly , the deal provides a mechanism for Google to reimburse authors and publishers whose rights it has breached ( including giving them a share of any future revenue it generates from their works ) .
In exchange for this , the rights holders agree not to sue Google in future .
The settlement stipulates that a body known as the Books Rights Registry will represent the interests of US copyright holders .
Authors and publishers with a copyright interest in a book scanned by Google who make themselves known to the registry will be entitled to receive a payment – in the region of $ 60 per book – as compensation .
Additionally , the settlement hands
Google the power – but only with the agreement of individual rights holders – to exploit its database of out - of - print books .
It can include them in subscription deals sold to libraries or sell them individually under a consumer licence .
It is these commercial provisions that are proving the settlement 's most controversial aspect .
Critics point out that , by giving Google the right to commercially exploit its database , the settlement paves the way for a subtle shift in the company 's role from provider of information to seller .
" Google 's business model has always been to provide information for free , and sell advertising on the basis of the traffic this generates , " points out James Grimmelmann , associate professor at New York Law School .
Now , he says , because of the settlement 's provisions , Google could become a significant force in bookselling .
Interest in this aspect of the settlement has focused on " orphan " works , where there is no known copyright holder – these make up an estimated 5 % to 10 % of the books Google has scanned .
Under the settlement , when no rights holders come forward and register their interest in a work , commercial control automatically reverts to Google .
Google will be able to display up to 20 % of orphan works for free , include them in its subscription deals to libraries and sell them to individual buyers under the consumer licence .
" The deal has in effect handed Google a swath of intellectual copyright .
It is a mammoth potential bookselling market , " says Blofeld .
He adds it is no surprise that Amazon , which currently controls 90 % of the digital books market , is becoming worried .
But Dan Clancy of Google dismisses the idea that , by gaining control over out - of - print and orphan works , Google is securing for itself a significant future revenue stream .
He points out that out - of - print books represent only a tiny fraction of the books market – between 1 % and 2 % .
" This idea that we are gaining access to a vast market here – I really do n't think that is true . "
James Gleick , an American science writer and member of the Authors Guild , broadly agrees .
He says that , although Google 's initial scanning of in - copyright books made him uncomfortable , the settlement itself is a fair deal for authors .
" The thing that needs to be emphasised is that this so - called market over which Google is being given dominance – the market in out - of - print books – does n't currently exist .
That 's why they 're out of print .
In real life , I can't see what the damage is – it 's only good . "
It is by no means certain that the settlement will be enacted – it is the subject of a fairness hearing in the US courts .
But if it is enacted , Google will in effect be off the hook as far as copyright violations in the US are concerned .
Many people are seriously concerned by this – and the company is likely to face challenges in other courts around the world .
Over the coming months , we will hear a lot more about the Google settlement and its ramifications .
Although it 's a subject that may seem obscure and specialised , it concerns one of the biggest issues affecting publishing and , indeed , other creative industries – the control of digital rights .
No one knows the precise use Google will make of the intellectual property it has gained by scanning the world 's library books , and the truth , as Gleick points out , is that the company probably does n't even know itself .
But what is certain is that , in some way or another , Google 's entrance into digital bookselling will have a significant impact on the book world in years to come .
It was not just the closeness of the fifth set that would have been so upsetting for the American , it was also the fact that he had held four points in the second - set tie - break to go two sets up , and on the fourth of those , when he had most of the court to play with , he could not keep his backhand volley inside the lines .
OMFSM .
I love this picture .
Love love love .
Love .
[ Click to embiggen . ]
Is it a ring of fire on Mercury ?
A look into the gateway of hell ?
A promo for Halo 3 ?
Nope .
It 's far cooler : it 's the rim of the lunar crater Erlanger poking into the sunlight .
Erlanger sits almost at the Moon 's pole , lying at a latitude of 87° north .
At that latitude , the Sun is forever near the horizon , only getting a little above or below the limb depending on the Moon 's orbit around the Earth .
In this case most of the crater is not lit by the Sun , but the raised rim gets up just high enough to see some sunlight , illuminating it in this wonderful way .
Note the small patch of lunar surface to the lower left of the picture that 's in sunlight as well .
That 's another indicator that how much sunlight you get at the Moon 's poles depends a whole lot on the local topography of the terrain .
Um. Selain ?
Lunain ?
Whatever .
Anyway , in this shot by the fantabulous Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter , you can see that the rim of the crater has seen its share of action ; it 's dotted with smaller craters from later , smaller impacts .
That part of the Moon is lousy with craters ; it 's an old region , meaning that the pelting it got from cosmic debris billions of years ago is still visible .
On other areas of the Moon , like the dark patches you can see with your unaided eye , giant impacts flooded vast regions of the surface with lava , filling up and smoothing over any craters , wiping them off the face of the Moon .
That never happened near the pole , so Erlanger still stands high and proud .
But it also runs deep : the bottom of the crater is low enough to rarely get sunlight .
Scientists think that ice from comet impacts over the eons may accumulate in such deep craters , so Erlanger is a prime target for LRO 's bistatic radar , which can penetrate into the lunar surface and reflect back to the probe .
The type of reflection can indicate what materials lie beneath ... including frozen water .
LRO and the Indian probe Chandrayaan - 1 just targeted Erlanger last week for such an observation .
Will they find water ?
We do n't know yet .
But we 're still looking , and in fact the other half of the LRO mission is LCROSS ( Lunar Crater Observation and Sensing Satellite ; follow it on Twitter ! ) , which will impact the lunar surface near the pole on October 9th of this year .
The hope is that any water will be flung up into space where it will be more easily detectable .
This has been tried before , but so far we 've seen no water on the Moon .
But maybe this next time we 'll strike transparent gold .
And if we do , I wonder ... is there a child already alive on Earth today who may one day drink Erlanger water as they sit on Armstrong Base , admiring the view of the lunar landscape out the mess hall window ?
The star shade would orbit a million miles from Earth
The daisy - shaped " occulter " , as it is known , would use a powerful telescope trailing thousands of miles behind .
The shade , described in the journal Nature , would stop light from the planet 's star swamping the telescope .
The concept by Professor Webster Cash of the University of Colorado has already received funding from Nasa .
He believes an occulter could be in space within seven years " stalking " Hubble 's successor , the James Webb Space Telescope , scheduled for launch in 2013 .
" We have proposed to build a star shade to launch a couple of months later and follow it out to its orbit , " he said .
" We believe this the fastest way to get operational . "
Planetary search
Scientists are already searching for planets orbiting stars other than the Sun .
Researchers hunt for these extra-solar planets , or exoplanets , using a number of techniques .
More than 170 have so far been discovered .
Other concepts to look for small planets are being considered
For example , astronomers look for the dimming of light as planets pass in front of their parent stars .
Indirect techniques like this mean that only relatively large planets tend to get identified .
Astrobiologists , though , are really interested in finding smaller , Earth - like planets which could , in theory , have the right conditions for supporting life .
To do this , astronomers need a method of directly imaging the dim planets .
Numerous proposals have been put forward , including massive optical telescopes on Earth , or flotillas of space - based telescopes such as the Europe 's Darwin mission or Nasa 's Terrestrial Planet Finder .
All these schemes are still in development .
Sun block
Dubbed the New World 's Observer , Professor Cash 's design would use a giant 45 m ( 148 ft ) daisy - shaped , plastic shield in tandem with a powerful telescope , trailing 15,000 km ( 9,300 miles ) behind .
The pair would orbit about a million miles ( 1.6 million km ) from the Earth at a position known as a Lagrange point .
It 's like a cricketer holding up his hand to block out the sunlight
Professor Webster Cash
To search for a planet , astronomers would pick a target star and move the shield in front of the telescope , using thrusters .
When the two align , the position of the shade ensures that excess light from the star is blocked , giving astronomers the maximum chance of spotting any small orbiting planet .
" It 's like a cricketer holding up his hand to block out the sunlight as he tracks a ball in the air , " said Professor Cash .
The pair would be held in position to give scientists time to image the planet and analyse its atmosphere for the chemical signatures of life .
It could also be used to map entire planetary systems trillions of miles away .
Future mission
The idea has already been given a huge boost by Nasa .
The US space agency 's Institute for Advanced Concepts gave the proposal $ 400,000 ( £ 220,000 ) .
Professor Cash and his team have also submitted a proposal to build a shade for the infra-red and visible James Webb Space Telescope .
However , some researchers believe that the Professor Cash and his team may still have some way to go before a star shade blasts into space .
" It 's an interesting alternative idea but I suspect that there are enormous technical challenges , " said Professor Timothy Naylor , an astrophysicist at Exeter University , UK .
Potential obstacles include carrying enough fuel for the thrusters and developing a method for keeping the shade and telescope in alignment .
" If you are trying to collect the light from a planet then you are going to have to stare at it for a relatively long period of time to do anything really useful , " he said .
