MacWorld has posted a comparison of nine different iPhone GPS Navigation applications by Glenn Fleishman .
The apps looked at were : AT&T Navigator , CoPilot Live N.A. , GoKivo GPS Navigator , iGo My way 2009 ( N.A. ) , Magellan RoadMate 2010 N.A. Ed. , MobileNavigator N.A. , MotionX GPS Drive , Sygic Mobile Maps U.S. and TomTom U.S. & Canada .
Prices ranged from $ 4 / month to $ 100 to own .
Overall the AT&T Navigator ( $ 10 / month ) and MobileNavigator ( $ 90 ) received the best rating .
You can take a look at some of their comparison charts below or hit the link for the detailed reviews .
Read More
A Guest Post by Basil Copeland
Like many of Anthony ’s readers here on WUWT , I ’ve been riveted by all the revelations and ongoing discussion and analysis of the CRUtape Letters™ ( with appropriate props to WUWT ’s “ ctm ” ) .
It might be hard to imagine that anyone could add to what has already been said , but I am going to try .
It might also come as a surprise , to those who reckon me for a skeptic , that I do not think that anything was revealed that suggests that the global temperature data set maintained by CRU was irreparably damaged by these revelations .
We ’ve known all along that the data may be biased by poor siting issues , handling of station dropout , or inadequate treatment of UHI effects .
But nothing was revealed that suggests that the global temperature data sets are completely bogus , or unreliable .
I will return to the figure at the top of this post below , but I want to introduce another figure to illustrate the previous assertion :
This figure plots smoothed seasonal differences ( year to year differences in monthly anomalies ) for the four major global temperature data sets : HadCRUT , GISS , UAH and RSS .
With the exception of the starting months of the satellite era ( UAH and RSS ) , and to a lesser degree the starting months of GISS , there is remarkable agreement between the four data sets – where they overlap – especially with respect to the cyclical pattern of natural climate variation .
This coherence gives me confidence that while there may be problems with the land - sea data sets , they accurately reflect the general course of natural climate variation over the period for which we have instrumental data .
While we need to continue to insist upon open access to the data and methods used to chronicle global and regional climate variation , and refine the process to remove the biases which may be present from trying to make the data fit the narrative of CO2 induced global warming , it would be wrong to conclude that the “ CRUtape Letters ” prove that global warming does not exist .
That has never really been the issue .
The issue has been the extent of warming ( have the data been distorted in a way that would overstate the degree of warming ? ) , the extent to which it is the result of natural climate variation ( as opposed to human influences ) , and the extent to which it owes to human influences other than the burning of fossil fuels ( such as land use / land cover changes , urban heat islands , etc. ) .
And flowing from this , the issue has been whether we really know enough to justify the kind of massive government programs said to be necessary to forestall climate catastrophe .
Figure 2 plots the composite smooth against the backdrop of the monthly seasonal differences of the four global temperature data sets :
Many readers may recognize the familiar episodes of warming and cooling associated with ENSO and volcanic activity in the preceding figure .
With a little more smoothing , we get a pattern like that depicted in Figure 3 , which other readers may notice looks a lot like the cycles that Anthony and I have attributed to lunar and solar influences ( they are the same ) :
In either case , the thing to note is that over time climate goes through repetitive episodes of warming and cooling .
You have to look closely on Figures 2 and 3 – it is much clearer in Figure 1 – but episodes of warming exist when the smooth is above zero , and cooling episodes exist when the smooth is below zero .
Remember , by design , the smooth is not a plot of the temperature itself , but of the trend in the temperature , i.e. the year to year change in monthly temperatures .
The intent is to demonstrate and delineate the range of natural climate variation in global temperatures .
It shows , in effect , the trend in the trend – up and down over time , with natural regularity , while perhaps also trending generally upward over time .
Which brings us to Figure 1 .
Here we are focusing in on the last 30 years , and a forecast to 2050 derived by a simple linear regression through the ( composite ) smooth of Figure 3 .
( Standard errors have been adjusted for serial correlation . )
There has been an upward trend in the global temperature trend , and when this is projected out to 2050 , the average is 0.114 °C per decade ± 0.440 °C per decade .
Yes , you read that right : ± 0.440 °C per decade .
Broad enough to include both the worst imaginations of the IPCC and the CRU crowd , as well as negative growth rates , i.e. global cooling .
Because if the truth be told , natural climate variation is so – well , variable – that no one can say with any kind of certainty what the future holds with respect to climate change .
Be skeptical of any statistical claims to the contrary .
I think we can say , however , with reasonable certainty , that earth ’s climate will remain variable , and that this will frustrate the effort to blame climate change on CO2 induced AGW .
Noted on the image at the top of this post is a quote from Kevin Trenberth from the CRUtape Letters™ : “ The fact is that we cannot account for the lack of warmth at the moment , and it is a travesty that we can ’t . ”
Trenberth betrays a subtle bias here – he cannot acknowledge the recent period of global cooling .
It is , rather , “ a lack of warmth . ”
But he is right that it is a “ travesty ” that we cannot fully account for the ebb and flow of earth ’s energy balance , and ultimately , climate change .
I think Trenberth just sees it as a lack of monitoring methods or devices .
But I think there still remains a considerable lack of knowledge , or understanding , about the mechanics of natural climate variation .
If you look carefully at Figure 1 , you will notice that there seem to be upper and lower limits to the range of natural climate variability .
On the scale depicted in Figure 1 ( the scale is different with other degrees of smoothing ) , when warming reaches a limit of approximately 0.08 - 0.10 °C per year , the warming slows down , and eventually a period of cooling takes place , always with the space of just a few years .
Homeostasis , anyone ?
While phenomenon like ENSO are the effect of this regularity in natural climate variation , they are not the cause of it .
In my opinion , what is the real travesty of the global warming ideology is the hijacking of climate science in the service of a research agenda that has prevented science from investigating the full range of natural climate variation , because that would be an inconvenient truth .
We see this , quite clearly , in the CRUtape Letters™ where the Medieval Warm Period is just “ putative , ” and a rather inconvenient truth that needs to be suppressed .
Or the “ 1940 ’s blip ” that implies that global temperatures increased just as rapidly in the early part of the 20th Century , as they did at the end of the 20th Century , an inconvenient truth at odds with the narrative preferred by the IPCC .
It is a truism that “ climate varies on all time scales . ”
With respect to the variability demonstrated here , I ’m convinced that someday it will be acknowledged that variability on this scale is dominated by lunar and solar influences .
On longer scales , such as the ebb and flow from the Medieval Warm Period , through the Little Ice Age , and now into the “ Modern Warm Period , ” I do not think climate science yet has any real understanding of the underlying causes of such climate change .
If we are , as seems possible , on the verge of a Dalton or Maunder type minimum in solar activity , we may eventually have an answer to whether solar activity can account for centennial scale changes in earth ’s climate .
And I do think it is reasonable to conclude , at the margin , that human activity has had some influence .
It is hard to imagine population growing from one to six billion over the past one and a half centuries without some effect .
Most likely , the effect is on local and regional scales , but this might add up to a discernible impact on global temperature .
But until all of the forces that determine the full range of natural climate variability are understood better than they are now , there is no scientific justification for the massive overhaul of economic and government structures being promoted under the guise of climate change , or global warming .
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Introduction
Kubuntu will release version 10.04 , the Lucid Lynx , in April 2010 .
This will be an LTS release , so our overall focus will be bringing a more stable and polished desktop to our users .
However , this does not mean there will be nothing new or exciting .
Quite the contrary !
Read on for highlights of what is new and upcoming for Kubuntu 10.04 .
NOTE : This is an alpha ( pre - ) release .
Pre -release versions of Lucid are NOT encouraged for anyone needing a stable system or for anyone who is not comfortable running into occasional , even frequent , breakage .
Pre -release versions ARE recommended for Kubuntu developers and those who want to help in testing , reporting , and fixing bugs . '
Please do not use this in a production environment with data or workflows that you cannot do without
As the first alpha this pre-release is at a very early stage with several notable problems .
You will need to start the installed with kdesudo ubiquity from the command line .
See Known Issues below for more .
Getting Alpha 1
Alpha releases can be downloaded from the following URL :
Its always best to check cd image before install !
The md5sums can be found here
What 's New in Alpha 1
KDE SC 4.4 beta 1
KDE Software Compilation 4.4 Beta 1 is the first preview of what the next version of the popular KDE Desktop and its associated applications will bring .
The System Tray , Device Notifier , and KNetworkmanager are just a few of the items that will see improvements .
New features such as grouping windows into tabs have been added , and new and improved widgets , effects , and configuration / ui changes are just some of the great things planned for SC 4.4 .
What 's in the Works
The Kubuntu Team are working on their own set of tools and new features for 10.04 .
The Kubuntu Netbook Remix will come out of preview status .
File sharing and toolpad configuration will be added .
Better Firefox KDE integration is expected .
Known Issues
Plasma - netbook crashes on startup 495043
brltty warnings 491775
Ubiquity fails to start 494997
Autologin does n't work 495057
Feedback
We want to hear what you think about this Alpha .
We want to know what works , as well as what does not .
No matter the feedback , as long as it is in line with the Ubuntu Code of Conduct we would like to hear it .
So what are you waiting for , head on over to the Feedback Page and let us know !
Adult $ 10 Child 7 - 12 $ 1 Child 6 & under FREE 2 - Day pass $ 15 ea 3 - Day pass $ 20 ea
Oct 1 , 2021 • Friday 6 PM to Midnight Oct 2 , 2021 • Saturday 10 AM to Midnight Oct 3 , 2021 • Sunday 11 AM to 6 PM
All events are held on
Marktplatz , in Downtown
Fredericksburg , TX
Corrections Minister Judith Collins says there is " quite a lot of interest " from private companies over contracts for the management of prisons .
Against strong opposition from the Labour Party , the Government today pushed the legislation through under urgency .
The bill , which allows prisons to be handed over to private firms , passed on a vote of 68 to 53 .
The Corrections Department was not expected to tender but would be given the opportunity to do so , Ms Collins told Radio New Zealand .
" They 've indicated to me that they would rather get someone in so they can actually have a benchmark against which they can measure themselves and improve constantly . "
Corrections had indicated " they 're not at all frightened of competition " .
Ms Collins said the bill had been passed under urgency as it had been around for a year , National had campaigned on it , and " we 're trying to make sure we get our legislation through so we can get on with it . "
" We 've got a full prison population at the moment ... we really can't muck around . "
The previous National government put Auckland Central Remand Prison under private management but when Labour won the 1999 election it refused to renew the contract .
That was the only time a New Zealand prison has been under private management , and Ms Collins said the experience had been " generally positive " .
Ms Collins said she was n't planning " wholesale privatisation " and was considering putting two new prisons under contract management .
She has previously said Auckland 's Mt Eden Prison could be the first when redevelopment is completed in 2011 .
Ms Collins said the legislation allowing contract management ensured public accountability and the prisons would be under the umbrella of the Department of Corrections .
" Contract prisons will have to comply with all relevant legislation , like the Bill of Rights Act , and international conventions , " she said .
" There will be prison monitors with significant powers of access , reporting directly to the chief executive of the Department of Corrections . "
Labour law and order spokesman Clayton Cosgrove told Radio New Zealand the party was concerned about the minister " transferring accountability " for a core government function .
Mr Cosgrove claimed that Corrections officers in the prisons did not support the bill .
" They 're concerned for their safety they 're concerned for their security . "
He said private companies were motivated by profit rather than the safety of prison guards and prisoners .
Mr Cosgrove said there was a lack of accountability as it was more difficult to get information from private companies .
Green Party MP
David Clendon said privatising prisons did n't make any more sense than privatising the courts , the police and the defence force .
He wanted to know what would happen if a privately - run prison got into serious financial difficulty .
" Would the state allow it to go broke , or would it be bailed out with taxpayer money ? "
ACT 's David Garrett said international data showed privately run prisons were cheaper and delivered better outcomes .
" Privatisation is n't a right - wing conspiracy , around the world it has become the norm , " he said .
" And there 's no tablet in stone that says incarceration of prisoners convicted by the courts must be the responsibility of the state . "
- With NZPA
I frequently go on YouTube and search random things like “ dubstep remix ” or “ electro remix ” .
I am constantly amazed by the infinite amounts of quality content that we can find .
It trips me out .
This last time I searched for “ dubstep remix ” and came across a dubstep remix of Imogen Heap ’s Hide and Seek .
Needless to say , I was impressed !
There were a several in the “ Related Videos ” tab so I figured I would make a post out of it …
Enjoy !
1 ) Enigma
httpv://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mlzwMTN8HGs
2 ) Rusko
httpv://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k5Sh77cndLs
3 ) Bambi
httpv://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kzYCCsIVVhg
4 ) Roksonix
httpv://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_k-SI_hplLs
I started this website in 2009 as a means of sharing my EDM findings with my friends .
Since then , the website has experienced an explosion in growth that I never once imagined .
This excitement and growth inspires me to make ElectroJams the # 1 source for new electronic music .
South Carolina 's first lady , Jenny Sanford , tried to trademark her name .
Jenny Sanford tried to trademark name
Eight days after her husband admitted to an affair in June , South Carolina First Lady Jenny Sanford filed paperwork to trademark her name .
As first reported by local news outlets , a trademark request categorizing the first lady ’s name as “ goods and services ” was filed with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office on July 2 .
Advertisement
The trademark application said it would be used for “ product merchandising to be sold at online retail store featuring clothing , mugs and other household items ; stickers , decals , notepads . ”
The trademark request has not yet been approved .
In an e-mailed comment sent through Sanford ’s staff to POLITICO , South Carolina ’s first lady insisted that “ there was never an intention to profit off this trademark or sell merchandise , only an effort to protect my family 's privacy and my name from inappropriate use and product placement going forward . ”
Shirts and other paraphernalia for “ Team Jenny ” began popping up in South Carolina soon after GOP Gov. Mark Sanford admitted to an affair with an Argentine mistress , but the CafePress website selling the merchandise has since been taken down .
Jenny Sanford has been more assertive in stepping out of her scandal - plagued husband ’s shadow in recent weeks , endorsing Republican gubernatorial candidate Nikki Haley in the race to replace her husband .
She also launched her own website last week independent of the first lady ’s office .
Sanford is scheduled to be interviewed by ABC News ’s Barbara Walters in December for Walters 's “ 10 Most Fascinating People ” program .
A portion of that interview will also air in April in conjunction with the release of her memoir , which is being published by a division of Random House .
Ret. Gen. Wesley K. Clark urged members of Congress Tuesday to adopt an exit strategy for American forces in Afghanistan .
Speaking to the House Armed Services Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations , Clark said American leaders should strengthen the national partnership with Pakistan — including sharing intelligence regarding al Qaeda operations — and promote economic development in Afghanistan to undercut the drug trade fueled by growing poppies .
Gen . Clark , a former Democratic presidential candidate , praised President Barack Obama for taking his time in developing an Afghanistan strategy and said that any troop increase should wait until a firm endgame has been establsihed for U.S. Involvement in the country .
“ The legacy of Vietnam really looms over these discussions , ” said Gen .
Clark , reflecting on his experience in Vietnam and the arc of one of the nation ’s most painful wars .
“ It ’s particularly painful for me to see where we are in Afghanistan , ” he said .
American forces commander Gen. Stanley A. McChrystal has requested up to 60,000 more American troops to support international forces .
Pressure has built over the last three months on Mr. Obama to decide whether to support that call .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Nearly two decades after writing a book that popularized the term “ global warming , ” MoJo contributing writer Bill McKibben founded 350.org .
He is chronicling his journey into organizing with a series of columns about the global climate summit in Copenhagen .
You can find the others here .
Check out MoJo ’s live stream of collaborative Copenhagen coverage here .
I ’ve spent the last few years working more than fulltime to organize the first big global grassroots climate change campaign .
That ’s meant shutting off my emotions most of the time — this crisis is so terrifying that when you let yourself feel too deeply it can be paralyzing .
Hence , much gallows humor , irony , and sheer work .
This afternoon I sobbed for an hour , and I ’m still choking a little .
I got to Copenhagen ’s main Lutheran Cathedral just before the start of a special service designed to mark the conference underway for the next week .
It was jammed , but I squeezed into a chair near the corner .
The Archbishop of Canterbury , Rowan Williams , gave the sermon ; Desmond Tutu read the Psalm .
Both were wonderful .
But my tears started before anyone said a word .
As the service started , dozens choristers from around the world carried three things down the aisle and to the altar : pieces of dead coral bleached by hot ocean temperatures ; stones uncovered by retreating glaciers ; and small , shriveled ears of corn from drought - stricken parts of Africa .
As I watched them go by , all I could think of was the people I ’ve met in the last couple of years traveling the world : the people living in the valleys where those glaciers are disappearing , and the people downstream who have no backup plan for where their water is going to come from .
The people who live on the islands surrounded by that coral , who depend on the reefs for the fish they eat , and to protect their homes from the waves .
And the people , on every corner of the world , dealing with drought and flood , already unable to earn their daily bread in the places where their ancestors farmed for generations .
Those damned shriveled ears of corn .
I ’ve done everything I can think of , and millions of people around the world have joined us at 350.org in the most international campaign there ever was .
But I just sat there thinking :
It ’s not enough .
We did n’t do enough .
I should have started earlier .
People are dying already ; people are sitting tonight in their small homes trying to figure out how they ’re going to make the maize meal they have stretch far enough to fill the tummies of the kids sitting there waiting for dinner .
And that ’s with 390 parts per million CO2 in the atmosphere .
The latest numbers from the computer jockeys at Climate Interactive — a collaboration of Sustainability Institute , Sloan School of Management at MIT , and Ventana Systems , is that if all the national plans now on the table were adopted the planet in 2100 would have an atmosphere with 770 parts per million CO2 .
What then for coral , for glaciers , for corn .
I did n’t do enough .
I cried all the harder a few minutes later when the great cathedral bell began slowly tolling 350 times .
At the same moment , thousands of churches across Europe began ringing their bells the same 350 times .
And in other parts of the world — from the bottom of New Zealand to the top of Greenland , Christendom sounded the alarm .
And not just Christendom .
In New York rabbis were blowing the shofar 350 times .
We had pictures rolling in from the weekend ’s vigil , from places like Dhahran in Saudi Arabia , where girls in burkas were forming human 350s , and from Bahrain , and from Amman .
And these tears were now sweet as well as bitter — at the thought that all over the world ( not metaphorically all over the world , but literally all over the world ) people had proven themselves this year .
Proven their ability to understand the science and the stakes .
Proven their ability to come together on their own — in October , when we organized what CNN called “ the most widespread day of political action in the planet ’s history , ” there was n’t a movie star or rock idol in sight — just people rallying around a scientific data point .
Now the world ’s religious leaders were adding their voice .
On one side : scientists .
And archbishops , Nobelists , and most of all ordinary people in ordinary places .
Reason and faith .
On the other side , power — the kind of power that will be assembling in the Bella Center all week to hammer out some kind of agreement .
The kind of power , exemplified by the American delegation , that so far has decided it ’s not worth making the kind of leap that the science demands .
The kind of power that ’s willing to do what ’s politically pretty easy , but not what ’s necessary .
The kind that would condemn the planet to 770 ppm rather than take the hard steps we need .
So no more tears .
Not now , not while there ’s work to be done .
Pass the Diet Coke , fire up the laptop , grab the cellphone .
To work .
We may not have done enough , but we ’re going to do all we can .
I wish I could be this creative !
' She ' came in a coffin and there are neat pencil sketches on the back of the note .
When Roger Avary , the Oscar - winning screenwriter of Pulp Fiction , was last month sentenced to a year behind bars for his role in a fatal car crash , it seemed that a promising writing career had come to an abrupt end .
But a string of posts on social networking site Twitter has revealed that he is apparently still chronicling the underbelly of American culture .
In a series of 140 - character takes , Avary has built up a vivid portrait of life in Ventura county jail where he is currently being held .
" Sickness spreads throughout the facility like brush fires , " he writes in his latest tweet from November 22 , " and # 34 [ his identification number in prison ] is helpless to avoid the outbreak and inevitable infection . "
Though there has been no official confirmation that the Twitter feed is Avary 's , there are various clues to its authenticity , including the fact that his professional website avary.com links to it .
The film - maker was sentenced in September to a year in jail and five years probation after he pleaded guilty to manslaughter for his role in a fatal crash in January .
Prosecutors said he had driven while drunk at speeds over 100 mph , eventually hitting a telephone pole .
Andreas Zini , 34 , who was visiting California on his honeymoon , was killed , and Avary 's wife was seriously injured .
The crash appeared to have put an end to Avary 's Hollywood career .
In 1995 he won an Oscar with Tarantino for the script they wrote for Pulp Fiction .
He also directed Killing Zoe and The Rules of Attraction , and co-wrote and produced Robert Zemeckis 's Beowulf ( 2007 ) .
His time inside has been hard , judging from his tweets .
He admits to having been " so afraid " at the start , and intimidated by the guards .
" Nightly , every few hours like clockwork , a guard 's flashlight beam strikes # 34 's face , perhaps to ensure lack of proper rest and exhaustion . "
The " clean " sheets reek of the sweat of a thousand men , breakfast porridge is made with oats from sacks with a picture of a horse on them labeled " Not intended for human consumption " , the windows let in little light and he is subjected to random strip - down and cavity searches by a " leering , rotund officer " .
On the upside , there is the kindness of his cellmates , occasional books to read and lessons from other inmates in how to slimjim and hotwire a car .
Night is the worst .
" Night falls , and the only real activity is an endless recounting of the terrible and pointless events that brought us all to this sad place . "
The puzzle is how Avary is managing to update his Twitter feed from jail .
The Los Angeles Times points out that most of the entries are through a Web browser , suggesting he may have regular computer access , while others are through Twitterific , an iPhone app .
Another theory is that he is reading out his 140 characters down the phone to a friend , who is updating Twitter for him .
SAN FRANCISCO —
Any number of undiscovered near - Earth objects could one day careen into the Earth , and there is a lot of talk here at the American Geophysical Union meeting about tracking them .
So far , though , only one discovered object has seemed even mildly likely to hit our planet .
That asteroid is Apophis , a 900 - foot asteroid .
Calculations released on Christmas Eve 2004 appeared to show that there was a greater than 2 percent chance the asteroid would hit the Earth in 2029 .
The asteroid appeared ready to give the Earth its closest shave since astronomers began looking for such things .
It was judged a 4 on the Torino Impact Hazard Scale for a short time , the highest rating any near - Earth object has received .
As it turned out , more precise observations brought the risk of collision down to just 1 in 250,000 , but the scare sparked greater interest and study in the fields of asteroid detection and defense .
Even though the asteroid does n’t look like it ’s going to hit Earth , on April 13 , 2029 , it will come closer to Earth than any other near - Earth object that we know of .
It will pass just 18,300 miles above the planet ’s surface .
Here , we see an exclusive animation created by the Jet Propulsion Laboratory of what that approach will look like from the perspective of the asteroid .
And whoo boy , does it seem close .
Video : NASA / JPL .
See Also :
WiSci 2.0 : Alexis Madrigal ’s Twitter , Google Reader feed , and green tech history research site ; Wired Science on Twitter and Facebook .
Episode 4 of the Panic Podcast , Audion & On , hit the podcast feeds last week , but if you play the episode directly from our podcast page using the “ Play Now ” button , you ’ll find a nice surprise waiting for you .
We wanted to give our listeners an opportunity to experience some of Audion ’s amazing faces for themselves .
No matter how well we described them on the podcast , we could n’t do them justice .
The faces are n’t just visual : they ’re interactive .
They ’re also an important part of Panic ’s history that has been inaccessible to modern computing devices for well over a decade .
Although they were cutting - edge technology when Audion launched 21 years ago , porting them to modern Web browsers was an involved process .
In this post I ’d like to give you a peek at how these faces work , and touch on what it took to bring them to the Web .
Painting a Picture
At their core , Audion faces consist of a base image , with smaller images drawn over it .
The base image contains not only the background of the face , but all the buttons and UI indicators .
Buttons in Audion can have different appearances when they ’re pressed , when they ’re disabled , and when the mouse pointer is hovering over them .
Each of these appearances has its own image .
For each frame of animation , the base face is drawn first and any special appearances for the buttons are drawn over that .
The other UI elements — the UI indicators , the play time , the track number , and the various animation frames — are then drawn over the face .
Faces can display animations when connecting to a stream , when playing a stream , and when the stream is lagging .
Face designers can use as many frames as they ’d like for these animations , and they control the speed of the animations .
Because of this flexibility , each animation frame is stored as its own image .
Drawing images this way is not difficult to do in modern Web browsers .
However , the faces themselves used Classic Mac OS file formats which are not well - supported today .
In the Old Days
Audion started as a Classic Mac OS application , and , like most Mac OS applications at the time , it used resource forks to store its assets .
Resource forks are a Macintosh - only technology designed to store metadata associated with a file .
Every file in Classic Mac OS has a data fork and a resource fork .
For Applications , the data fork contains the machine code that was run , and the resource fork contains the icons , graphics , sound , and text strings used by the application .
This allowed Mac applications to be distributed as a single file , while Windows applications are typically comprised of multiple files .
A year after Audion launched , Apple released the first public beta of Mac OS X .
Although it still supported resource forks , Apple began to discourage their use .
In their place , Apple promoted the use of packages .
Packages are special folders that appear to be a single file on macOS , but look like normal folders on other systems .
They serve many of the same purposes as resource forks , and many users would n’t notice any difference between the two technologies .
More savvy users , however , began to see resource forks as an artifact of old , outdated software , putting pressure on developers to move to Apple ’s newer technologies .
In 2003 , Panic alumnus Les Pozdena worked on an app to convert Audion faces from resource forks to a package - based format .
Audion was discontinued soon after , so these package - based faces were never used , but the face converter code remained in Panic ’s source code archive .
When Christa first mentioned that she was doing a podcast about Audion , the idea of adding Audion faces to the podcast page immediately popped into my mind .
At the time , I had no idea how the faces worked , and Les ’s code provided an invaluable starting point .
Updating the Converter
Les ’s converter was mostly complete .
It could already open resource files , extract images and their coordinates , and convert images from the PICT image format to PNG , an image format in wide use today .
However , the code needed to be updated to run on modern versions of macOS .
It used a few functions which have been removed from macOS since the converter was written .
The converter also did n’t support UI indicators .
Many newer faces , like Smoothface 2 , do n’t have these indicators .
Thankfully , the face files themselves provided a description of their format , making it easy to fill in the missing details .
After a few hours of work , I set the converter loose on the files in our Audion face archive .
After I finished , I noticed that some of the faces were using the wrong text color for the artist and album text fields .
As it turned out , these fields could optionally be styled by a separate text style resource .
This resource contained the text ’s color , its styles , ( e.g. bold , italic ) and its transfer modes .
None of the faces on the podcast page use special transfer modes , but if you ’re interested in learning about them , they are documented in Inside Macintosh : Imaging With QuickDraw .
Converting the faces for the Web required making a few changes to how they worked .
When drawing to HTML ’s < canvas > element , you can get better performance by redrawing as little as possible .
Audion redrew the face every frame starting from the base image because it needed to in order to get transparency right , but that ’s not required on modern computers .
The converter therefore cut the button and indicators out of the base image .
This allows the base and the buttons to be drawn separately .
The most challenging part of displaying the faces on the Web is text rendering .
There are two reasons for this .
The first is that many Classic Mac OS fonts contain a set of bitmap glyphs that were used when drawing the font on screen and a separate set of outline glyphs used when printing .
The bitmap glyphs were designed to look good on low - resolution screens and were faster to draw than the outline glyphs .
Modern operating systems exclusively use the outline glyphs , which makes the text look quite different .
This was noticeable back in 2001 .
Audion ’s text looked different in Mac OS X than it did in Classic Mac OS .
However , HTML ’s < canvas > element offers very little control over text rendering , and each Web browser draws the text differently .
If you used Audion back in the day , the text on the page will not look exactly like you remember .
The second problem is that many Audion faces used custom fonts , and some of these fonts have been difficult to convert for the Web .
Mac Postscript fonts also stored their font data in resource forks , and although there are many tools to convert these fonts to other formats , these tools fail to convert some of these fonts correctly .
It is likely that we will need to write a bespoke tool to convert these fonts .
The faces in our archive use a total of 95 unique fonts , and converting them all will take some time .
Hidden Details
Not every image in the face is used in the Web player .
For example , we could n’t find a good use for the inactive face image , which is used when Audion was in the background .
The drag region , a bitmask image which Audion 1 used to draw face outlines while dragging , was the most interesting of these images .
Some face designers used this image to sign their work .
Others used the drag region to hide messages or drawings .
When SoundJam first added support for Audion faces , they incorrectly used the drag mask for transparency , causing these messages to be cut out from the face .
Because of this , some face designers would hide advertisements for Audion in the drag region .
Preserving Audion for the Future
It ’s wonderful to be able to show off these faces on our podcast page , but it ’s also important to preserve them for the future .
A few of the faces in our archive are offensive , especially in a modern context , but they may be useful to future historians .
However , as time goes by , it will become harder to preserve these faces .
The face converter already does not currently work on macOS Catalina because Catalina removed support for working with resource forks and PICT images .
There are third - party libraries which can read these formats , but much more work would need to be done to the converter to get it running in current and future versions of macOS .
That makes now the ideal time to convert and archive Audion faces .
If you have any faces that are n’t in our archive , please get in touch so we can convert as many faces as possible .
For Fun
The most rewarding part of this process has been revisiting the many great Audion faces in our archive .
There are good reasons we do n’t design customizable software interfaces anymore , but they ’ll always hold a special place in my heart .
They were n’t just fun , they made personal computing personal .
If you ’ve read this far , there ’s a good chance that you also have a fondness for Audion .
I hope you enjoyed this look into how the faces worked .
I plan to post a followup in a few months detailing my progress converting the rest of the faces and showing off some cool finds .
Please look forward to it !
For comments , or to sign up for personalized and group dating coaching :
Here
Here 's a very short deep think post .
Enjoy .
" ... in the Clinton days , the hallmark of policy was , if you did this , how would it affect the bond market ? "
James Carville .
Globalization is in the process of eviscerating traditional loyalties .
In the 20th Century , loyalty to the nation - state ( nationalism , often interwoven with ideology ) , was supreme .
In today 's environment , a global marketplace is now the supreme power over the land .
It has drained the power of nation - states to control their finances , borders , people , etc . Traditional ideologies and political solutions are in disarray as the fluctuating and often conflicting needs of the global marketplace override all other concerns .
As a result , nation - states are finding it increasingly impossible to govern and the political goods they can deliver are being depleted .
Interestingly , nothing of any size that can attract loyalty has stepped into the breach , nor is it likely to .
Loyalty to a faceless and capricious ( and sometimes vicious ) global marketplace is impossible .
NOTE : there is an animistic , in that it attaches meaning to natural phenomenon , cult in Anglo - Saxon countries devoted to ' free markets ' , which attracts some belief / faith but little true loyalty ( in that few people would die for it ) .
With the replacement for the nation - state , that advances the interests of its members nowhere in sight , we have seen a growing shift in the primary loyalties of people to smaller groups that will -- to the corporation , family , gang , tribe , religious group , clan , virtual group , etc .
This shift in loyalty is proliferating , growing in strength since these groups can as easily access the global marketplace as easily as any nation - state .
With this access , they can deliver the benefits to their members that nation - states cannot or will not deliver .
Fehldiagnose Komapatient war 23 Jahre bei Bewusstsein
Rom Houbens Bewusstsein galt als erloschen , die Ärzte schrieben ihn ab .
Tatsächlich war der Belgier nach einem schweren Autounfall zwar gelähmt , aber nicht komatös .
Mehr als 20 Jahre lang musste der heute 46 - Jährige machtlos seine Fehlbehandlung ertragen , bis der Irrtum schließlich auffiel .
With potential conference expansion again all the rage , first - year Pac - 10 commissioner Larry Scott knew the question would be coming .
What about Pac - 10 expansion ?
Kirby Lee / Image of Sport / US Presswire
Pac -10 conference commissioner Larry Scott said he is considering expansion ... again .
" Expansion is something we will take a look at , " Scott said Wednesday .
For expansion enthusiasts that will sound like a more open - minded approach than long - time commissioner Tom Hansen , whom Scott replaced over the summer .
But do n't make plans for a Pac - 10 Championship Game just yet .
Yes , expansion is something Scott will look at with a " fresh set of eyes " -- his phrase -- and the timing makes sense because the conference television contracts expire after the 2011 - 12 academic year .
But this is nothing new -- he said the same in July before Pac - 10 media day -- and the same reasoning and sentiments that school and conference administrators have used to resist calls for expansion in the past remain entrenched , so nothing is imminent .
" There 's a pretty high hurdle for us , academically , athletically , geographically , " Scott said .
" We 're hard - pressed to really see how you improve upon the structure of the Pac - 10 as it is with five sets of natural rivals in four states . "
Expansion is a subject that has repeatedly come up since the mid-90s when the conference courted Texas and Colorado before they joined the new Big 12 , but the Big Ten 's public declaration this week that it is considering adding a member to reach the 12 - program threshold necessary to split into divisions and hold a championship game , makes the issue relevant again .
If the the Big Ten joins the Big 12 , ACC and SEC as a 12 - team conference that would leave the Pac - 10 and eight - team Big East looking , well , smaller .
Scott said that bigger does n't necessarily mean better , particularly in terms of revenue per program .
If adding teams means a potentially smaller slice of the conference revenue pie , it will be hard to sell expansion to the membership .
The first issue is the small pool of potential candidates .
The teams most often mentioned -- mostly by fans -- are Utah , BYU , Boise State , San Diego State , Colorado , Fresno State , Nevada , UNLV and TCU .
A couple of those are intriguing possibilities , but a couple would n't even be considered .
Programs need to be an academic and athletic match .
That means admission standards and research accreditation are issues .
On the athletic side , it 's not just about football .
How strong is the entire athletic department ?
Recall the Pac - 10 is the " Conference of Champions " and Olympic and women 's sports are part of that foundation .
Then there 's the biggest issue : Money .
If the Pac - 10 were to expand , it wants that expansion to mean more of it .
There 's widespread concern that a number of the potential candidates do n't come from markets that will increase revenue .
Bringing in Utah and Colorado might be a winner ( Salt Lake City and Denver markets ) , and at least one Pac - 10 athletic director said that 's the most likely scenario .
Of course , prying Colorado away from the Big 12 might not be easy .
TCU , perhaps ?
There are issues -- distance being an obvious one -- but Pac - 10 coaches would salivate over a bigger potential recruiting footprint in Texas .
What Scott has or will shortly realize :
There are no slam - dunk solutions that will make everyone cheer .
There will be enthusiasts for expansion and there will be skeptics .
What 's clear is there should be a renewed sense of urgency over the matter because Scott expects the new TV deals to be long - term contracts .
That might mean expansion or not by 2012 .
" The most logical time for that is when you 're going to sell your media rights , " Scott said .
" This is essentially the shop window , so this would be a very natural time to consider it , if we are going to consider it . "
In most cases the online marketplaces will help you find the most suitable and most reasonable parking space in your desired area but the fact is that the situation is not always very much helpful if you are looking for parking options in busy areas .
There are some areas where you can always find easier and better parking options no matter if you are looking for the parking Docklands or just need a parking Parramatta for your car .
The online portals which offer parking and booking options will always lead you to the best possible match to make sure you will be staying away from worries and issues associated with a far - off parking space .
There are private parking spots and places which local residents rent out for those who are unable to find some space for their car in public areas .
They may offer safe and easy options to those who are in need to get safe options but there could be variation in the rent depending on certain factors .
Sometimes the parking Fortitude Valley or the parking Adelaide maybe available but for a higher prices just because the space is bigger than you need and in some cases the provider may place the higher rate on the list to cash their importance .
Further , the spot on location of the parking perth and parking southbank or in areas where there is always a need of parking option may be a bit expensive because of the lesser options that are available in that area .
In other cases when the parking space has some security options or some features that other do n’t offer may also cost a bit more than usual because the space is going to offer some extra features and facilities so you may make a choice as per your own requirements and budget .
The availability of reasonable parking Canberra and in other areas which are possibly needed by the customers either as parking Brisbane or parking Melbourne may be affected by the number of parking options in an area , the facilities they offer , the local rates of renting space and other things like that .
That voice comes in the shape of actor Nancy Cartwright who is among other more minor celebrities .
The leaked video is about raising money to build Scientology churches and convert as many people as possible .
And is genuinely disconcerting .
The worst thing about the video ( which comes via a website called Media Elites ) is the forced casualness — the rictus grins , awkward deliberate ethnic diversity and ' hip '
Scientologists that appear using phrases like " a building that we all dig on . "
Actually , scratch that , the worst thing is the fact that this is an avowed attempt to spread Scientology to every neighborhood and get as many converts as possible .
" Fill the building with public , " says one super - intense pseudo Jason Schwartzman at around two minutes .
" Boom it and start disseminating and getting Scientology on every com line in that community .
Then actually clear that community . "
Com line presumably means communication line , ' clear ' refers to a Scientology phrase — normal , non-cult people are ' pre- clears , ' only when you join the church do you begin the process of being ' cleared . '
Cartwright appears at about a minute in to tell us that whoever is brought to one of these new orgs will " get something that 's going to change his life forever . "
Indeed :
Click to view
Thousands of mourners attended the funerals of the Fatah men
Palestinian leaders have condemned Israel 's killing of three Palestinians in the West Bank as a " dangerous escalation " in violence .
Palestinian Prime Minister Salam Fayyad said Israel 's raid in Nablus threatened security and stability in the area .
Israel said the three men were behind a recent death of an Israeli settler .
Separately , the Israeli army said three Palestinians suspected of trying to infiltrate from the Gaza Strip were killed near the Erez crossing .
A security source for Hamas - the Palestinian faction which runs the Gaza Strip - said the three were shot as they collected scrap metal , Reuters reports .
The six all died on Saturday , the largest number of deaths in the region in a day since the Gaza conflict a year ago .
' Gates of hell '
" This [ Israeli ] operation represents a dangerous escalation , " Mr Fayyad said .
He said the raid in Nablus " can only be seen in the context of targeting the security and stability that the Palestinian Authority has been able to bring about " .
Palestinian sources in Nablus say two of those killed were militants from the al - Aqsa Martyrs Brigades , the militant faction of Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas 's Fatah party .
The faction was one of two groups which said they had killed the Israeli settler , a father of seven , two days ago - the first fatal shooting of an Israeli by militants in the occupied West Bank for eight months .
Eyewitnesses said the Israeli raid began in the early hours of the morning and lasted for several hours .
They said there had not been a raid like this in Nablus for about 18 months , the BBC's Bethany Bell reports from Jerusalem .
Thousands of people later attended funerals of the suspected militants .
Many of them vowed to " open the gates of hell " against Israel , according to Reuters .
The violence came a day before the first anniversary of the Gaza war that killed some 1,400 Palestinians and 13 Israelis .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
ARROYO GRANDE , Calif. ( MarketWatch ) -- First : Kiss the rally good - bye , says Jeremy Grantham , legendary CEO of the $ 101 billion GMO money - management firm .
Why ?
The market is overvalued 25 % .
A minimum 15 % correction is coming in 2010 , putting the Dow in the 8,000 - 9,000 range .
The S&P 500 ?
Not at 666 like last spring ; maybe 800 .
Why a top ?
Black Friday ?
Dubai ?
Tiger Woods ?
All the dark films ?
The " 2012 " end of civilization ?
The post - apocalyptic " The Road ? "
Stop guessing , timing market turns is irrational .
Grantham 's shift from bull to bear appears rational .
Remember , earlier this year the Dow was near 6,000 , banks near bankrupt , and we were praying for the new untested president to change America .
In his latest editorial Grantham reminds us why his prediction made sense in the spring : " Regardless of the fundamentals , there would be a sharp rally .
After a very large decline and a period of somewhat blind panic , it is simply the nature of the beast . "
Get it ?
A rally was predictable , based on the history of cycles .
Trust Grantham ?
100 % .
Back in early 2007 , he warned : " The First Truly Global Bubble : From Indian antiquities to modern Chinese art ; from land in Panama to Mayfair ; from forestry , infrastructure , and the junkiest bonds to mundane blue chips ; it 's bubble time .
...
Everyone , everywhere is reinforcing one another .
...
The bursting of the bubble will be across all countries and all assets ... no similar global event has occurred before . "
Grantham was one of a small group of industry leaders who saw a crash coming as early as 2000 .
But political leaders were ideologically blind : Fed Czar Ben Bernanke said the collapsing markets were " contained . "
Our devious Treasury Czar Henry Paulson was misleading Fortune and all America : " This is far and away the strongest global economy I 've seen in my business lifetime . "
Worse , former Fed Czar Alan Greenspan was busy writing his memoirs bragging about how he invented a " New World " out of Reaganomics , Ayn Rand 's New Age wishful - thinking and an unregulated $ 670 trillion derivatives market .
Three clueless leaders .
Grantham bearish , short - term correction , long - term disaster
Now Grantham 's warning us again : America 's irrational nightmare will repeat .
First , the short - term correction , 15 % to 25 % .
But then long - term , a deadly warning : Disaster ahead .
Why ?
Because America has " learned nothing , " we are " condemning ourselves to another serious financial crisis in the not too - distant future . "
Yes , Americans are predictably irrational , doomed to repeat history : Grantham points us to a key chart , his " favorite example of a last hurrah after the first leg of the 1929 crash . "
The similarity between 1929 - 30 and today are obvious : " After the sharp decline in the fall of 1929 , the S&P 500 rallied 46 % from its low in November to the rally high of April 12 , 1930 , then , of course , fell by over 80 % . "
Familiar ?
You bet .
We 've had our rally .
Next , the plunge .
Our irrationality plus history guarantees another ... only bigger .
A year ago America came dangerously close to the Great Depression 2 .
We " learned nothing . "
When psychologist Daniel Kahneman won the 2002 Nobel Prize in Economic Science for his work on irrationality in 2002 , the sense was that behavioral economics would help Main Street become " less irrational , " that behavioral sciences would make us all better investors , better consumers , better citizens .
Obama even made a big issue of working with behavioral scientists to minimize irrational behavior in America .
Obama gets failing grade in behavioral economics
But they turned against us .
Behavioral scientists , behavioral economists and behavioral - finance experts have become the mortal enemies of Main Street America .
Two ways :
First , behaviorists consistently put us down by reminding us how irrational ( stupid ) we are .
Second :
They 're using their minds , tools and technologies against us , helping Wall Street profile us as targets for investing products , bank customer fees , tax propaganda , etc .
They are paid mercenaries helping Wall Street scam Americans out of billions .
They cannot be trusted , they have lost their independence and professional integrity .
They are failing to expose the most toxic sources of irrationality : Wall Street , Congress , the White House .
And that 's why when a guy like Jeremy Grantham comes along focusing us on the toxic irrationality at the top of America 's leadership he deserves to be seen as one of America 's best behavioral economists .
He 's one of the few honest behaviorists , exposing the irrationality of America 's leaders .
So please listen closely to his 14 - point analysis of the rampant irrationality at the highest level of American government today , because what he is also predicting is another catastrophic meltdown dead ahead .
1. Obama 's shift into ' predictably irrational ' economics
If Grantham ever was a fan , he 's clearly disillusioned with the president .
His 14 points expose the extremely irrational behavior of Obama breaking promises by turning Washington over to Wall Street , a blunder that will trigger the Great Depression 2 .
Grantham is cynical but subtle .
If you want a more brutal attack , read Matt Taibbi 's latest Rolling Stone feature : " Obama 's Big Sellout , " detailing how Obama , same as Bush , turned government over to Wall Street , to the same crooks who created the mess .
2. Bernanke 's reappointment , a totally irrational blunder
" The most passionate cheerleader of Greenspan 's follies ... completely clueless . "
A blunder " like reappointing the Titanic 's captain " and " a wasted opportunity . "
3. Summers , Geithner : Wall Street 's newest Trojan Horses
Larry Summers blew " no warning whistles of impending doom back in 2006 and 2007 . "
Earlier as Treasury Secretary he " beat back attempts to regulate " derivatives .
Tim Geithner " sat in the very engine room of the USS Disaster and helped steer her onto the rocks " as New York Fed Czar .
Still an irrational Obama appointed him , as Wall Street cheered .
4. Idiotic , irrational , greedy mortgage borrowers
" The more misguided or reckless the borrowers , the more determined the efforts to help them out , " although " these efforts had limited effect . "
Short - term politics , bad economics .
5. Reckless , irrational and stupid home builders
They " magnificently overbuilt " for years . "
Still our irrational president stimulated " even more home building by giving new house buyers $ 8,000 each . "
6. Nation of irrational overspenders and undersavers
Americans have been " dangerously overconsuming for the last 15 years . "
Still , our irrational politicians " encourage consumption and penalize savers by maintaining artificially low rates " fueling the same irrational speculation that created the meltdown .
7. America's too - Irrational - to - fail ' banking system
Our banking " system shows every sign of being out of control . "
Make it simpler , smaller , " so they can be allowed to fail . "
Separate the " dangerously risk - seeking hedge fund heart from the banking system . "
Instead Obama set up a bizarre , irrational policy ... force them to be bigger . "
Now they 're " at extreme tilt to risk - taking : it 's practically a cliff ! "
8. Wall Street 's unconscionable crooked mega- bonuses
" Two - thirds of Goldman 's huge profits went for bonuses ... largest ever . "
Last year the " same guys were on the edge of a run on the bank ... saved only by government . "
Our irrational president upset " the formerly infallible workings of capitalism . "
9. Corporate America 's grossly overpaid CEOs
" Galling , " says Grantham :
When he came to America in 1964 " the ratio of CEO pay to the average worker was ... between 20/1 and 40/1 . "
That had " held for the previous 30 years .
By 2006 , this ratio had exploded to between 400/ 1 and 600/ 1 ... obscene . "
10 .
Our irrationally overleveraged , zombie companies
Wall Street has " so overstimulated the risk - taking environment that junky , weak , marginal companies and zombie banks " outperform , with " junk over the great blue chips . "
We let losers " live to compete against the companies that actually deserve to be survivors . "
That 's " not healthy for the long - term well - being of the economy . "
11 . Our irrationally managed U.S. auto industry
" Most short - sighted industry of the last 20 ( 40 ? ) years , and one of the worst managed . "
12 . A nation addicted to automobiles , dying for more oil
" We chew up a dangerously large amount of Middle Eastern oil ... ruinous for our global political well - being ( and ability to avoid war ) " and bad for " an overheating world . "
Still , our irrational politicians are subsidizing more car purchases .
13 . Stock options give CEOs a legal right to steal from shareholders
They 're robbing us : Corporate CEOs have a " legalized way to abscond with the stockholders ' equity . "
If management messes up and the stock crashes , they just " rewrite the options at new low prices ... no serious attempt to match stock option ... to the building of long - term franchise value .
Instead , the motto is : grab it now and run ! "
14 . Finally , Grantham 's irrational ' old nemesis , Greenspan '
He gets " the title of Maestro in the U.S. and is knighted by the Queen ... for thoroughly demolishing the integrity of the U.S. financial system .
He overtly ignored the great threat of bubbles in asset classes and , in fact , encouraged them .
He Ayn Rand - ishly facilitated the progressive dismantling of governmental restrictions on financial behavior , he deliberately kept real interest rates at zero for years , etc. , etc. , etc .
You have heard it before .
...
In the good old days , he would have been set in the village stocks , and not the kind you buy and sell .
And I would have been right there , Alan , with very ripe tomatoes . "
In the end Grantham encourages everyone to read a John Kay article in the Financial Times .
Kay 's title says it all : " Our banks are beyond the control of mere mortals . "
He advises investors to " follow an aphorism of Warren Buffett 's : ' Invest only in businesses that an idiot can run , because sooner or later an idiot will . ' "
Rereading Buffett 's wisdom I wonder : Perhaps America really is a " business " that nobody can run ?
Not the best and brightest .
Nor an idiot .
And certainly not our too - clever behavioral scientists .
Moreover , " people " are not the problem .
The 1982 classic " In Search of Excellence " tells us that 85 % of organizational failures were systemic , not people caused .
" It 's the system stupid . "
That means America , our economy , our markets , our capitalist system have become too big , too complex , too out - of - control , too unmanageable .
Our wealthy elite already know that and are grabbing what 's left .
The " idiot " masses could regain control , but only in a 1776 - style revolution , except they 're too docile , too irrational to revolt .
Hundreds of thousands of illegal immigrants could receive health care coverage from their employers under the bills winding their way through Congress , despite President Obama ’s explicit pledge that illegal immigrants would not benefit .
The House bill mandates , and the Senate bill strongly encourages , businesses to extend health care coverage to all employees .
But the bills do not have exemptions to screen out illegal immigrants , who usually obtain jobs by using false identities and are indistinguishable from legal workers .
A rough estimate by the Center for Immigration Studies suggests that the practical effect of the mandates would be that about 1 million illegal immigrants could obtain health insurance coverage through their employers .
Democrats who wrote the House bill said that employer coverage for illegal immigrants is not intentional , but rather the outcome of people breaking the law .
TWT RELATED STORIES :
• Medicare fraudsters rake in billions
• Grayson ’s Senate filibuster petition faulted
• Fed ’s withdrawal from housing threatens growth
“ It ’s possible an employee could deceive an employer with a fraudulent document , just as under current law , to gain employment , just as it ’s possible for all sorts of criminal activity to occur , and why we have law enforcement , ” said Nadeam Elshami , a spokesman for House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , California Democrat , who wrote the final House bill .
Republicans said that loopholes in the bill could allow coverage to just about any illegal immigrant who wants to cheat the system .
“ This is a complete cover - all - the - gaps federal health insurance for illegals , whether it be under Medicaid , the refundable tax credit or whether it be under their employers who would not be able to verify their employers unless we fix E - Verify , ” said Rep. Steve King of Iowa , the top Republican on the House Judiciary Committee ’s immigration subcommittee .
How to deal with immigrants , both legal and illegal , remains one of the thorniest issues in the health care debate .
In his address to a joint session of Congress in September , Mr. Obama specifically challenged Republicans who said his plans would extend coverage to illegal immigrants .
“ This , too , is false — the reforms I ’m proposing would not apply to those who are here illegally , ” Mr. Obama said .
That statement elicited an outburst of “ You lie ” from Rep. Joe Wilson , South Carolina Republican .
Most of the focus has been on whether the bills in the House and Senate go far enough to screen out illegal immigrants applying for public benefits .
The Senate bill is generally considered to have stronger provisions than the House version to exclude participation by illegal immigrants .
The employer mandate could play a major role in coverage for illegal immigrants , but the effect has not been widely understood .
Steven A. Camarota , research director for the Center for Immigration Studies , said about 6.5 million illegal immigrants work in the United States , though nearly half do so off the books and would n’t be counted for purposes of employer - sponsored health insurance .
Of those who work on the books , about 2.3 million already have insurance through their employers .
That leaves at least 1 million who would need insurance and could obtain it from an employer under the proposed mandates .
“ It ’s definitely significant , ” Mr. Camarota said .
Democrats said their bill does n’t change eligibility for benefits for illegal immigrants but it does change laws on who must provide insurance .
Any employer with a payroll higher than $ 500,000 would be required to provide insurance for employees .
The House bill offers tax credits for two years to help small businesses provide insurance , including businesses that hire illegal immigrants .
But Mr. Elshami said businesses are already prohibited from hiring of illegal immigrants .
The Senate bill is more complex .
It would urge companies to provide insurance , then penalize them for each employee who applies for credits for the health care exchange .
Jim Manley , a spokesman for Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , Nevada Democrat , said the bill includes a screening process to keep illegal immigrants from getting credits in the health care exchange .
But even illegal immigrants would be counted in the penalty against employers , so companies would be paying for having hired them .
“ In this scenario , an employer would have to provide a responsibility payment for an undocumented worker .
But that undocumented worker would n’t be getting coverage through the exchange , ” Mr. Manley said .
Robert Rector , a senior research fellow at the Heritage Foundation , called the debate “ an absolute charade ” because Mr. Obama and Democratic leaders have signaled their intent to try to pass a bill legalizing illegal immigrants next year .
Once their legal status is secured , Congress would have to decide their eligibility for public benefits .
Democrats have been pushing for broad inclusion , and their health care proposals give equal treatment to legal immigrants and citizens .
Republicans say the government should do more to push for a legal work force in the first place .
“ If it was not bad enough that illegal immigrants take jobs that rightfully belong to citizens and legal immigrants , now they will get health care benefits that should go to Americans , ” said Rep. Lamar Smith of Texas , the top Republican on the House Judiciary Committee .
“ If they were not in the country , we would n’t have to worry about emergency room or health insurance costs at all .
And Americans would have these jobs . ”
A Congressional Research Service report notes that the House Democrats ’ bill does not expressly prohibit illegal immigrants from getting health insurance and , in fact , would mandate that they obtain insurance if they meet the “ substantial presence test . ”
That test calculates U.S. residency based on the number of days per year a person is in the country .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
The U.S. health care " system " is a mess .
Yet , the elements of market competition that still manage to survive have had the salubrious effect of driving medical innovation and improving patient health outcomes .
A new study by the free market Cato Institute , " Bending the Productivity Curve : Why America Leads the World in Medical Innovation " reports :
… none of the most influential international comparisons have examined the contributions of various countries to the many advances that have improved the productivity of medicine over time … .
In three of the four general categories of innovation examined in this paper — basic science , diagnostics , and therapeutics — the United States has contributed more than any other country , and in some cases , more than all other countries combined .
In the last category , business models , we lack the data to say whether the United States has been more or less innovative than other nations ; innovation in this area appears weak across nations .
In general , Americans tend to receive more new treatments and pay more for them — a fact that is usually regarded as a fault of the American system .
That interpretation , if not entirely wrong , is at least incomplete .
Rapid adoption and extensive use of new treatments and technologies create an incentive to develop those techniques in the first place .
When the United States subsidizes medical innovation , the whole world benefits .
That is a virtue of the American system that is not reflected in comparative life expectancy and mortality statistics .
Policymakers should consider the impact of reform proposals on innovation .
For example , proposals that increase spending on diagnostics and therapeutics could encourage such innovation .
Expanding price controls , government health care programs , and health insurance regulation , on the other hand , could hinder America 's ability to innovate .
As I have pointed out some prominent analysts actually favor putting a stop to medical innovation .
For example , I noted in my article , " Dreams of Stagnation " that bioethicist Daniel Callahan argues that …
… even the Europeans , Callahan sadly notes , have been contaminated by " the quest for perfect health . "
His nostalgia is palpable .
" If we had exactly and only the same range of technologies as were available twenty or thirty years ago , there would be no problem in equitably allocating resources , " he writes .
" We could readily afford that level of medicine and health care . "
( It would be even cheaper , of course , if we returned to using rattles and beads as remedies . )
Callahan says political philosopher Daniel Sarewitz is " not far off the mark when he writes : `Political and cultural institutions might find their goals better served by responding to [ their ] problems as if scientific and technological progress had come to an end and the only recourse left to humanity was to depend upon itself . ' "
Callahan reiterated his arguments for European - style cost controls on medical innovation in his new book , Taming the Beloved Beast : How Medical Technology Costs Are Destroying Our Health Care System :
" They use — among other tools — price controls , negotiated physician fees , hospital budgets with limits on expenditures , and stringent policies on the adoption and diffusion of new technologies . "
[ In other words , stifle innovation . ]
" Cutting the use of technology will seem wrong — even immoral — to many , " Callahan admits .
Well yes .
Harvard University economist Kenneth Rogoff observed :
" [ I ] f all countries squeezed profits in the health sector the way Europe and Canada do , there would be much less global innovation in medical technology .
Today , the whole world benefits freely from advances in health technology that are driven largely by the allure of the profitable U.S. market .
If the United States joins other nations in having more socialized medicine , the current pace of technology improvements might well grind to a halt . "
In my column , " 2005 Medical Care Forever , " I suggested this thought experiment :
… what if the United States had nationalized its health care system in 1960 ?
That would be the moral equivalent of freezing ( or at least drastically slowing ) medical innovation at 1960 levels .
The private sector and governments would not now be spending so much more money on health care .
There might well have been no organ transplants , no MRIs , no laparoscopic surgery , no cholesterol lowering drugs , hepatitis C vaccine , no in vitro fertilization , no HIV treatments and so forth .
Even Canadians and Britons would not be satisfied with receiving the same quality of medical care that they got 45 years ago … .
As Rogoff suggests , the nationalized health care systems extolled by progressives have been living off the innovations developed by the " only country without a universal health care system . "
I wonder how Americans would vote if they were asked if they would be happy freezing medical care at 2005 levels forever ?
Go here to download the new Cato Institute study .
Web Staff , cp24.com
Half - finished meals covered the tables at New Generation Sushi on Sunday , the morning after diners were rushed out in a hurry when a man was stabbed to death in the Annex restaurant ’s kitchen .
Toronto homicide officers are probing the killing , which took place just after 11 p.m. Saturday when the popular Bloor Street restaurant was full of late - night patrons .
Police say a 27 - year - old man was stabbed after a dispute broke out in the kitchen .
The victim was pronounced dead on arrival at St. Michael 's Hospital .
One suspect is in custody and the investigation is ongoing .
On Sunday morning , an eerie scene remained at the restaurant where the stabbing took place , which has been taped off as a crime scene .
Gov. Rick Perry replaced the chairman and two members of the state ’s Forensic Science Commission , two days before the commission was to hear evidence that Texas executed an innocent man .
The new chairman canceled the hearing , at which an arson expert was to present a report critical of the arson analysis that led to the conviction of the man , Cameron T. Willingham .
Mr. Willingham , above , was executed in 2004 after being convicted of setting a 1991 fire in which his three children died .
Governor Perry , who was in office at the time of the execution , has expressed confidence in Mr. Willingham ’s guilt .
“ This is like the Saturday night massacre , ” said Barry Scheck , co-director of the Innocence Project , which has been working on the case .
“ It ’s like Nixon firing Archibald Cox to avoid turning over the Watergate tapes . ”
But a spokesman for the governor , Chris Cutrone , said the governor ’s decision was “ business as usual . ”
“ Some people ’s terms expired , ” Mr. Cutrone said , “ and we reappointed new people . ”
Image Cameron Todd Willingham was executed in 2004 .
The security service MI5 is being accused of attempting to pervert the course of justice by offering a man inducements to drop his allegation that its officers colluded in his torture .
Rangzieb Ahmed had three of his fingernails ripped out after MI5 and Greater Manchester police ( GMP ) drew up a list of questions for officers from a notorious Pakistani intelligence agency who had detained him in Pakistan .
He was later deported to the UK and jailed for terrorism offences .
Ahmed says he was visited in prison by an MI5 officer and a police officer who offered to secure a reduction in his sentence or a payment of money to withdraw his torture complaints when his appeal against conviction is heard later this year .
His lawyers have written to the Crown Prosecution Service to complain that the approach was " grossly inappropriate " and amounted to an attempt to pervert the course of justice .
As well as lodging an appeal against his conviction , Ahmed is also suing the British government for damages arising out of his treatment in Pakistan .
It is thought that his lawyers are planning to rely to some extent on a judgment made after legal argument that preceded his trial , the full details of which are being kept secret at the request of MI5 and GMP .
In an interview with the Guardian last week , Ahmed , 33 , from Rochdale , says he received a visit at Manchester prison last April from a man in his 40s who identified himself as an MI5 officer , accompanied by a man in his mid-30s who said he was a police officer .
" They said they wanted my advice about tackling extremism and then said they could offer me protection if I helped them .
Then they said , ' If you withdraw what you are saying about torture , we can make a deal with you to reduce your sentence , or if you want to take money we can give you money . ' "
Ahmed 's solicitor , Tayab Ali , of the London law firm Irvine Thanvi Natas , said : " Any attempt to conceal evidence of torture would amount , in this case , to an attempt to pervert the course of justice , and I would expect the courts to take a very serious view of the matter . "
Asked about the allegation , a Home Office spokesman said : " We do n't comment on matters of security .
Security service officers act within the law . "
Ahmed had been under surveillance in Manchester and Dubai before travelling to Pakistan where he was picked up and tortured by that country 's Inter - Services Intelligence Directorate ( ISI ) .
He was deported to Britain 13 months later and prosecuted on the basis of evidence gathered during the surveillance operation .
His lawyers argued unsuccessfully that his trial should not proceed because of the torture he had suffered .
Ahmed was convicted of being a member of al - Qaida and directing a terrorist organisation , and jailed for life .
What role , if any , MI5 and GMP may have played in his detention is unclear .
The court heard that two British intelligence officers questioned Ahmed while he was in ISI custody , and he says that the signs of the torture he was enduring would have been obvious to them .
The officers would have been operating in line with a government interrogation policy drawn up for MI5 and MI6 officers in the wake of the September 2001 al - Qaida attacks , which permitted them to question people whom they knew were being tortured , and to submit questions to the torturers , as long as they were not seen to condone what was happening .
The existence of the policy remained a secret until earlier this year , when the high court released a transcript of the cross-examination of an MI5 officer who interrogated Binyam Mohamed , a British resident detained in Pakistan in 2002 .
The attorney general has since called in Scotland Yard to investigate possible criminal conduct on the part of that officer and those who managed him .
Last month the Guardian disclosed that Tony Blair knew of the existence of the secret policy .
It remains unclear what Blair knew of its consequences , however .
He has been asked repeatedly what role he played in approving it and whether he was aware that it had led to people being tortured .
His spokesman responded by saying that he had never authorised the use of torture .
There has been mounting international concern about Britain 's involvement in the torture of detainees held by overseas intelligence agencies during the so - called war on terror .
Earlier this year Martin Scheinin , a UN special rapporteur on human rights , reported that British intelligence personnel had " interviewed detainees who were held incommunicado by the Pakistani ISI in so - called safe houses , where they were being tortured " .
Scheinin said : " The active participation by a state through the sending of interrogators or questions , or even the mere presence of intelligence personnel at an interview with a person who is being held in places where he is tortured or subject to other inhuman treatment , can be reasonably understood as implicitly condoning torture . "
Several men have alleged that they were questioned by British intelligence officers after being tortured by Pakistani agents .
Most of the men were subsequently released without charge .
Allegations of British collusion in torture have also been made by British men detained in Egypt , Bangladesh and the United Arab Emirates .
OSZK Állatkert – Magyar márkák .
10 . rész Sorozatunk címe Hésziodosz Munkák és napok című művére utal .
Az ókori szerző a földműves kitartó , gondos munkáját jelenítette meg .
Könyvtárunk kutató munkatársai ehhez hasonló szorgalommal tárják fel a gyűjtemények …
Lazarbibi
Volt egyszer a magyar autóbusz - gyártás Az Ikarus szó az előző évszázad második felének egyik legsikeresebb magyar termékét és az azt gyártó vállalatot juttatja eszünkbe .
Az 1970 - 80 - as években , hazánkban a menetrend szerinti közlekedést szolgáló cégek …
As New York City airports struggled to recover from the crowds and delays caused by hundreds of canceled flights over the weekend , passengers vying to get on one overbooked flight at Kennedy International Airport became so angry that airport police had to be called in , officials said .
The episode occurred Tuesday morning when passengers — who had already been waiting two days to be put on a flight to Haiti , after their initial plane was grounded by the snowstorm — were told that the flight was overbooked and that they would have to wait another day .
Some in the crowd responded angrily and the Port Authority police were called in to restore order , said Susan Elliott , a spokeswoman for Delta Air Lines .
“ The crowds got very unruly , ” said Steven Coleman , a spokesman from the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey .
“ People were yelling and screaming , and nobody at Delta wanted this to escalate any further . ”
He said that the scene was quieted within an hour .
The airline said it had added a second flight to Haiti on Wednesday to accommodate the remaining passengers , who have been provided with meals and lodging since the initial flight was canceled Sunday , Ms. Elliott said .
“ It ’s been a challenging few days , ” she added .
“ For the most part , passengers we deal with understand that we ’re not in control of the weather . ”
Over the weekend , 550 flights were canceled at Kennedy , 400 at Newark Liberty and 250 at La Guardia .
The cancellations have created cascading delays through the busy holiday travel season .
While there were no other reported scenes of passenger uprisings , the frustration was widely shared .
Two German tourists , Steffen Bromberger , 31 and Simone Ziebell , 29 , were among the passengers who had been camped out at Kennedy Airport since Sunday night , when their return flight to Germany was abruptly canceled .
Their luggage , however , did make it to Frankfurt — leaving them without provisions –- and the airline did not provide food or lodging .
“ In five years , we ’ll be laughing about this , ” Mr. Bromberger said .
“ But I do think it ’s important to get home and get new underwear . ”
“ the science is screaming at us to take action ” ~ Senator John Kerry
Today is the second installment of the Senate Environment and Public Works ( EPW ) Committee ‘s three - day legislative hearing on the Clean Energy Jobs and American Power Act ( see archived webcasts : Day 1 , Day 2 , and Day 3 ) .
EPW is one of six Senate committees that will mold climate legislation , but EPW ’s “ Boxer - Kerry bill , ” as it ’s called , is considered a “ starting point ” from which other committees will help craft a bill that is expected to reach the Senate floor early next year if not late this year .
The bill ’s sponsors face an uphill battle in winning over conservative Republicans and even some moderate Democrats from rural and coal states .
Transit proponents , disappointed by the lack of sustainable transportation funds from the economic stimulus bill ( $ 8.4 out of $ 48 billion went to transit ) , are hopeful that a climate bill with a focus on transportation could infuse a windfall of federal funding into the nation ’s transit systems .
The House Waxman - Markey bill passed in June provides a disappointing 1 percent of revenues ( or roughly $ 537 million a year ) from a proposed emissions cap - and - trade scheme to mass transportation .
Meanwhile 15 % of revenues would go initially to industries like steel and paper , 5 % to coal - burning power plants , 4 % to oil refineries and electric utilities , and 3 % to the auto industry to help them adjust to the new pollution caps .
The bill envisions a 17 % reduction in Greenhouse Gas ( GHG ) emissions below 2005 levels by the year 2020 and an 83 % reduction by mid-century .
The Boxer - Kerry bill , as proposed , is significantly more ambitious in terms of transit investment and emissions reductions , but also will likely face substantial changes if it has any hope of getting a filibuster - proof 60 votes on the Senate floor .
The bill currently proposes that about 3 % of revenues from cap - and - trade go towards green transportation .
That is shy of the 10 % called for in “ CLEAN TEA ” proposals , which set aside climate money for transit , local land - use planning , and other sustainable development projects , but still a victory for U.S. transit advocates nonetheless .
The bill sets a 20 % reduction in Greenhouse Gas ( GHG ) emissions below 2005 levels by the year 2020 and an 80 % reduction by mid-century .
Streetsblog points out that beyond transit , the new Senate bill goes further than the House in providing sensible planning policies in conjunction with transit :
the Senate draft bill includes a grant program aimed at providing federal help for the states and MPOs that take the most ambitious and innovative approaches to cutting transport emissions .
However , it ’s important to note that the House had a similar concept in an early version of its climate bill , only to see the program removed before a final vote — the same thing could happen in the upper chamber .
All this comes just weeks before the December 12th Copenhagen Climate Change Conference .
The United States , which represents roughly 5 % of the world ’s population , emits more than one - fifth of its greenhouse gases — with 28 % of that emissions coming from transportation .
These numbers are leading some observers to question why there is so little focus on transportation in the bill .
Many were hoping to have the bill ready before the international conference , but that is looking increasingly unlikely given the domestic health care agenda in Washington .
Details of what exactly in this bill are still rather unclear , though not as unclear as the final outcome .
While the Medicare buy - in is getting accolades from progressives like Howard Dean , it 's important to keep in mind that we do n't know that 's what we 're even go to be getting ( and just watch ConservaDem opposition line up to it , now that they know Howard Dean likes it ) .
What looks like a relatively decent idea now could just be a ghost of its former self by the time it becomes sausage .
That said , what are the good and bad parts of what we know about this compromise , and what still needs to be answered ?
Number one on the good list : they 're even talking about a Medicare expansion .
It 's a progressive policy that a lot of people wanted to start with ( Medicare for All ? ) , while also being a good common - sense move .
It 's an existing public option , and it has always made more sense to use it than to create a new one from whole cloth .
Also on the good list : two proposals from Jay Rockefeller , " requiring insurers to spend at least 90 percent of premium money on medical care , rather than on administrative costs or profits , " and " to reauthorize the Children ’s Health Insurance Program , which was set to expire in Oct. 1 , 2013 . "
Additionally , the requirement that insurers would have to spend " at least 90 percent of premium money on medical care , rather than on administrative costs or profits " is an improvement over the 85 percent in the existing bill .
Of course , there 's not a particularly strong regulatory framework to force insurers to keep premiums affordable , so the result of this one might very well be premium increases ( which are going to happen regardless , particularly if there is not a competing public option ) .
What is not so good :
People from 27 - 55 are still out of luck in terms of high quality , affordable insurance .
In the base bill , the basic , lowest level qualified program in the exchange has a very low actuarial level , 60 % , which is worse than 99 % of employer - based plans .
What that basically means is that patients will have to pay , between premiums and out of pocket costs , 40 % on average of their supposedly covered costs .
Lots of people , mandated to buy insurance , are going to be choosing this lowest level program because it will be the least expensive .
There will be some basic preventive care included in the package , but in the event of a serious illness or injury , the people in this plan will still face huge bills .
The House bill sets that lowest level at 70 % .
Compounding that , according to " people familiar with the negotiations " Medicaid eligibility expansion has been dropped , apparently confirming what Rockefeller said yesterday .
He had been attempting to raise the eligibility to 150 % of poverty , but it remains at the level in the base bill , 133 % .
The House bill sets Medicaid eligibility at 150 % of poverty .
Additionally , those eligible for Medicare buy - in wo n't get subsidies for the first three years .
The buy - in would be available in 2011 for people who will end up in the exchanges -- those who cannot find affordable individual plans and do n't have group coverage .
Subsidies wo n't be available to them until the exchange kicks in in 2014 .
Meaning , it 's going to be expensive .
And as Howard Dean told Greg Sargent , " That ’s a huge problem that may tip this into being not real reform . "
Affordability , one of the keys to this whole conundrum in the first place , has n't yet been adequately solved .
Until it is , the mandate should also be triggered .
And there are all of the questions that remain unanswered until the actual bill comes back from the CBO and we actually see it .
Over at TNR , Jon Cohn has a pretty comprehensive list of ten questions that need to be answered before we know if this deal is worth trading a strong public option for .
1 . Would funds from the younger people on Medicare mix with the funds from the traditional , over - 65 population ?
This is a critical design question that will impact everything from the premiums people pay to the long - term finances of the Medicare Trust Fund .
Previous proposals have tended to segregate the two pools , so that the Medicare Trust Fund would not be affected .
And that may well be politically necessary now : Already , Joe Lieberman has released a statement saying he 'll consider this idea if , and only if , it does n't adversely affect Medicare finances .
Of course , if the government let all 55 year olds opt into the program , their premiums could actually help the Medicare Trust Fund , since they'd be -- on average -- healthier and younger than typical Medicare beneficiaries .
But you can safely assume the same senators skeptical of expanding government programs will raise eyebrows about that .
2 . Which older workers get to buy Medicare -- and when ?
Starting in 2014 , people over 55 buying insurance through the newly created exchanges -- that is , people without access to group coverage or eligible for an existing government plan -- could choose Medicare .
But what happens before then ?
The plan is to make Medicare available to workers older than 55 starting in 2011 -- which is great , since this is an initiative the government can , and should , get up and running as fast as possible .
But it 's not clear yet whether , during those early years , only people that qualify as " high risk " because of pre-existing medical conditions would have the option available to them .
If it 's just a program for high - risk people -- and if , as I expect , the new Medicare funds are treated separately -- that 'd turn the new program into a dumping ground for sick patients .
In other words , it'd be an actuarial disaster .
3 . Would the Medicare buy - in have some sort of risk adjustment ?
Even if the program is open to all people over 55 without access to group of government insurance , it could still attract disproportionately unhealthy people , driving up the program ’s premiums -- which , again , could make the program unaffordable and ultimately unsustainable .
This is a common problem of systems with competing insurance plans , one the new exchanges would solve via " risk adjustment " -- that is , taking money from plans attracting unusually healthy people , then giving it to plans attracting unusually sick ones .
But will Medicare for older workers be part of this scheme ?
Or will it be excluded somehow ?
4 . Will there be subsidies or some other form of financial assistance before 2014 ?
Once Medicare operates through the new insurance exchanges , people buying into it will be eligible for subsidies .
But what happens before then ?
The premiums will likely be higher than many people can afford .
The government could provide financial assistance in any number of ways - - tax credits , charging higher premiums in subsequent years .
Either way , though , it means asking somebody to pay a little more money , at some point .
5 . Would the Medicare buy - in include supplemental benefits -- or an option to buy them ?
The basic Medicare package ( Parts A and B ) covers most physician and hospital services .
But it comes with reasonably high cost - sharing .
Most senior citizens end up buying supplemental coverage to cover the cost - sharing , partially or fully .
They also buy drug coverage through the new Medicare Part D. Would young workers on Medicare be able to purchase supplemental policies as well ?
If not , would there be some other enhancements of the Medicare benefit for them ?
6 . Would the Medicare buy - in pay Medicare rates ?
Yes , this is the exact same argument we had over the public option before .
Do n't think for a second we could n't have it again .
( The hospital lobby is already attacking the idea . )
Senators could decide , instead , to have it negotiate rates with providers .
And if it 's negotiating rates , it will have to charge higher premiums .
7 . Has somebody thought through the expansion and retooling of the Office of Personnel Management ?
OPM does a great job of managing policies for federal employees , but it ’s a relatively small staff -- and not necessarily equipped to manage a whole new series of plans , each with its own networks of doctors , hospitals , etc .
If they ’re going to take charge of this new national non-profit option , they ’re going to need more bodies -- and , perhaps , wider authority .
8 . If there is a trigger mechanism , what conditions pull it ?
Level of premiums ?
Growth in premiums ?
The number of insurance options in a given area ?
9 . If there is a trigger mechanism , what kind of plan appears if the trigger gets pulled ?
Is it a real public plan ?
Or are we back to the watered down compromise versions ?
10 .
How do you enforce the 90 percent rule ?
The idea here , which Rockefeller has been pushing for a while , is to require that all insurers show a " medical - loss ratio " of at least 90 percent -- that is , to make sure they spend at least 90 cents of every dollar in premiums on actual patient care .
The good plans do this already -- the not - so - good ones , not so much .
But the regulation is meaningless if you can't enforce it .
And , lord knows , insurance companies know how to get around regulations .
Again , we do n't know if this deal is really a deal that will be survive .
Lieberman is already whining about the trigger that is included .
Providers -- including hospitals , doctors , and insurers - and rural state senators , including Conrad and Dorgan , are raising hell about the buy - in , arguing that " Medicare ’s lower reimbursement rates would shift costs to private payers and disadvantage hospitals in rural districts . "
Until some of these details are made clearer and these problems resolved , there is one thing that cannot happen .
The House cannot agree to forego conference and allow this bill to be ping - ponged .
Original Full Sized Image .
I ’m adopting this “ tag line ” about tomatoes due to the simple fact that my tomato garden is a more accurate reporter of the temperature than is GIStemp .
Normal tomatoes will not set fruit below 50 F at night .
Cold varieties , like Siberia , can set fruit down to 40 F ( and some claim lower to 35 F ) .
My tomato plants reliably report the temperature .
GIStemp , not so much …
GIStemp was reporting a 115 year record heat in California ( because NCDC in GHCN moved all the thermometers to Southern California near the beach , except one at the S.F. Airport … ) while my tomatoes were accurately reporting “ too cold to set fruit ” …
( NCDC is the National Climatic Data Center .
GHCN is the Global Historical Climate Network – the thermometer data .
GIStemp is the NASA product that turns the GHCN history into that global ‘ anomaly map ’ and claims to show where it ’s hot and how hot we are . )
GIStemp , A “ Start Here ” page
UPDATE 6 : As of November , 2009 :
I ’ve added a GIStemp high level overview for regular folks ( i.e. you do n’t need to be a computer geek or weather guy to ‘ get it ’ ) :
https://chiefio.wordpress.com/2009/11/09/gistemp-a-human-view/
This is a nice high level view , but has links down into all the detail and tech talk that support it , if desired .
Most folks ought to read it first .
NOAA / NCDC have Fudged and Corrupted the Input Data Series
A sidebar on data corruption from thermometer deletions :
The GHCN input data to GIStemp “ has issues ” ( they - NOAA / NCDC - deleted 90 % or so of the thermometers between about 1990 and 2009 … ) with those deletions focused on cold places .
This is the second set of reports most folks ought to read .
We explore that here :
https://chiefio.wordpress.com/2009/11/03/ghcn-the-global-analysis/
And find what is most likey the key coordinating factor behind the ‘ agreement ’ between HadCRUT ( UEA / CRU i.e. the “ Climategate ” folks ) , NCDC ( the GHCN adjusted series and GHCN data fabricators ) , and GIStemp .
They all use GHCN and the GHCN set has been “ buggered ” with the deletion of cold thermometers from the recent data ( but they are left in the baseline periods .
Even the Japanese temperature series depends on GHCN ) .
This , IMHO , is the biggest problem and is the most important ‘ issue ’ in the apparent fraud of AGW .
When you are ‘ cooking the books ’ , literally , I have trouble finding any more polite word than fraud …
Some Prior Updates
UPDATE 5 : As of September , 2009 :
I ran into this excellent page :
http://www.appinsys.com/GlobalWarming/GW_Part2_GlobalTempMeasure.htm
A very “ information dense ” but “ must read ” page .
UPDATE4 : As of Augst 16 , 2009 :
I ’ve put up a simple intro to the “ issues ” with the AGW thesis :
https://chiefio.wordpress.com/2009/07/30/agw-basics-of-whats-wrong/
A bit dated ( it needs to be updated with Climategate , the UEA subornation of the peer review process , and the NOAA / NCDC GHCN data set molestation , for example ) but still a good starter list .
Not exactly GIStemp , but in “ characterizing the data ” for the GHCN input , I ’ve found that all the “ warming signal ” is carried in the winter months .
The summer months do not warm .
That can not be caused by CO2 .
How can you have a ‘ runaway greenhouse effect ’ with a ‘ tipping point at a higher temperature ’ when it reacts LESS with higher temperatures with an apparent dampening to a very nice maximum ?
Further , the “ warming signal ” arrives coincident with the arrival of large numbers of new thermometers .
When you look at the longest lived cohort , those over about 100 years lifetime , there is no warming signal present in the data to speak of .
When you look at the much shorter lived cohorts , you find a very strong warming signal , especially in the winter months .
On further inspection of the data it looks like a lot of thermometers “ arrived ” at places with low latitudes AND at airports ( newly built as the “ jet age ” arrived ) .
https://chiefio.wordpress.com/2009/08/05/agw-is-a-thermometer-count-artifact/
https://chiefio.wordpress.com/2009/08/10/well-theres-your-global-warming-problem/
https://chiefio.wordpress.com/2009/08/13/gistemp-quartiles-of-age-bolus-of-heat/
Those above three links are still a nice read , but they were early in my discovery process .
The end result was that “ GHCN Global Analysis ” .
Still , they are worth reading both for what they say and as an interesting insight into how a discovery process proceeds from a broad ‘ something is not quite right here ’ discovery and down into the exact focused detail ( who , what , how , when – specifically ) .
My “ working thesis ” at this point is that GIStemp is a “ filter ” that tries to remove the impact of this bolus of thermometers arriving in a spike of time and space ( using zones , boxes , grids , et. al. ) , but is just not adequate to the task .
GIStemp is just not a perfect filter .
Looking at the impact of the temperature steps ( up to zones ) , they act as a mild amplifier , so some of the “ filter ” effect in the later steps will only be removing what was added in the early steps .
https://chiefio.wordpress.com/2009/08/12/gistemp-step1-data-change-profile/
But only a little impact comes from STEP0 ( not surprising , since it is adding in the Antarctic data and some fiddley bits
https://chiefio.wordpress.com/2009/08/12/gistemp-step0-data-changes-profile/
Though the way they do the F to C conversion is sloppy , not very efficient , and has sensitivity to exactly which compiler you use :
https://chiefio.wordpress.com/2009/07/30/gistemp-f-to-c-convert-issues/
UPDATE3 : As of July 27 , 2009 :
[ NOTE : The “ UPDATE ” here is a bit dated at this point .
I ’ve now worked out in some detail the thermometer deletions that were only hinted at in this stage ( and are now nicely documented in the reports above ) .
It has all been duplicated by independent parties , and I ’ve caught up on sleep .
I ’m mostly leaving this part up as a reminder of what it was like back then .
A bit of nostalgia , of a sort .
Further down a “ Geek Corner ” continues with computer code and how to download and install GIStemp . ]
I ’ve identified the “ issue ” with STEP4_5 codes that will not run without errors .
They were produced on a ‘ Bigendian ” box like a Sun , and I ’m on a “ Littleendian ” box like a x86 PC .
The g95 docs say they support the “ convert={swap|bigendian|littleendian} ” flag to the file “ open ” statement .
I ought to be able to add that directive the “ open ” file foo statments and be done .
But the compiler barfs on it .
I ’m left to suspect that the g95 support for convert=swap is not actually working in the release I have running .
So the bottom line is that the code I have probably works , but it ca n’t read a couple of the downloaded files ( like SBBX. HadR2 ) due to the bytes being in the wrong order for this hardware .
A relatively obscure problem usually avoided by not using byte order sensitive data structures for data interchange …
OK , so I ’ll ether port the code to a Macintosh ( who have bigendian processors ) , dig my ancient Sparc 2 out of the garage , or make a purpose built byte swapping file conversion utility .
( Since I downloaded the latest production release of the g95 compiler , it ’s not likely to be the “ fix ” to go fishing for a version with a working convert=swap flag ; but I do need to verify this assumption … ) .
I ’m on stable .91 and it look like 92 has the working convert flag .
I ’ve also built a couple of tools that do some crude data analysis on the temperature data as it moves from step to step .
The most interesting bit so far is that the “ warming ” all happens in the winter .
Clever stuff , this CO2 .
It can cause selective warming in winter , with nearly no warming in summer …
I ’m going to paste in here a comment I made over on Watts Up With That in a thread about GIStemp STEP1 about the first rough characterization of what GIStemp does to the temperature data :
Well , at long last I have a contribution based on the work porting GIStemp .
I can now run it up to the “ add sea surface anomaly maps ” stage , and this means I can inspect the intermediate data for interesting trends .
( The STEP4_5 part will take a bit longer .
I ’ve figured out that SBBX .
HadR2 is in “ bigendian ” format and PCs are littleendian , so I have a data conversion to work out … ) .
Ok , what have I found in steps 0 , 1 , 2 , …? Plenty .
First off , though , I needed a “ benchmark ” to measure against .
I decided to just use the canonical GHCN data set .
This is what all the other bits get glued onto , so I wondered , what happens , step by step , as bits get blended into the sausage ?
I also wondered about the odd “ seasonal ” anomaly design , and wanted a simple year by year measure .
[ and also month by month - ems ]
So my benchmark is just the GHCN monthly averages , summed for each month of the year , cross footed to an annual “ Global Average Temperature ” , and then a final GAT for ALL TIME is calculated by averaging those yearly GATs .
Now , there are a couple of caveats , not the least of which is that this is Beta code .
I ’ve cobbled together these tools on 5 hours sleep a night for the last few days ( It ’s called a “ coding frenzy ” in the biz … programmers know what I ’m talking about … you do n’t dare stop till it ’s done … )
So I ’ve done nearly NO Quality Control and have not had a Code Review yet ( though I ’ve lined up a friend with 30 + years of high end work , currently doing robotics , to review my stuff .
He started tonight . )
I ’m fairly certain that some of these numbers will change a bit as I find little edge cases where some record was left out of the addition …
Second is that I do n’t try to answer the question “ Is this change to the data valid ? ” I ’m just asking “ What is the degree of change ? ”
These may be valid changes .
And third , I have not fully vetted the input data sets .
Some of them came with the source code , some from the GIS web site , etc .
There is a small possibility that I might not have the newest or best input data .
I think this is valid data , but final results may be a smidgeon different if a newer data set shows up .
Ok enough tush cover :
What did I find already ?!
First up , the “ GLOBAL ” temperature shows a pronounced seasonal trend .
This is a record from after STEP1 , just before the zonalizing :
GAT in year : 1971 3.60 6.20 8.20 12.90 16.50 19.30 20.90 20.70 17.90 13.90 9.50 5.60 14.10
The first number is the year , then 12 monthly averages , then the final number is the global average .
The fact that the 100ths place is always is a 0 is a direct result of their using C in tenths at this stage .
It is “ False Precision ” in my print format .
It seems a bit “ odd ” to me that the “ Globe ” would be 17C colder in January than it is in July .
Does it not have hemispheres that balance each other out ?
In fairness , the sea temps are added in in STEP4_5 and the SH is mostly sea .
But it ’s pretty clear that the “ Global ” record is not very global at the half way point in GIStemp .
Next is from GHCH , to GHCN with added ( Antarctic , Hohenp …. , etc. ) and with the pre 1880 ’s tossed out and the first round of the Reference Station Method .
The third record is as the data leaves STEP1 with it ’s magic sauce .
These are the total of all years in the data set .
( The individual year trends are still being analyzed – i.e . I need to get some sleep ;-)
2.6 3.9 7.3 11.8 15.8 18.9 20.7 20.3 17.4 13.1 7.9 3.9 11.97
2.6 3.8 7.3 11.7 15.6 18.7 20.5 20.0 17.2 13.0 7.9 3.9 11.85
3.2 4.5 7.9 12.1 15.9 19.0 20.9 20.5 17.7 13.5 8.5 4.5 12.35
It is pretty clear from inspection of these three that the temperature is raised by GIStemp .
It ’s also pretty clear that STEP0 does not do much of it ( in fact , some data points go down – Adding the Antarctic can do that ! ) .
The “ cooking ” only really starts with STEP1 .
The big surprise for me was not the 0.38 C rise in the Total GAT ( far right ) but the way that winters get warmed up !
July and August hardly change ( 0.2 and 0.3 respectively ) yet January has a full 0.6 C rise as do November , December , Febrary , and March .
So GIStemp thinks it ’s getting warmer , but only in the winter !
I can live with that !
At this point I think it ’s mostly in the data , but further dredging around is needed to confirm that .
The code as written seems to have a small bias spread over all months , at least as I read it , so I ’m at a loss for the asymmetry of winter .
Perhaps it ’s buried in the Python of Step1 that I ’m still learning to read …
Finally , a brief word on trends over the years .
The GIStemp numbers are , er , odd .
I have to do more work on them , but there are some trends that I just do not find credible .
For example , the 1776 record ( that is very representative of that block of time ) in GHCN is :
GAT / year : 1776 - 1.40 2.30 4.20 7.20 12.10 18.20 19.70 19.30 15.60 9.50 3.00 - 0.40 9.89
The 2008 record is :
GAT / year : 2008 8.30 8.30 11.10 14.60 17.60 19.90 20.90 20.90 18.80 15.50 11.00 8.80 15.90
Notice that last , whole year global number ?
We ’re already 6 C warmer !
Now look at the post step1 record for 1881 compared to 1971 :
GAT in year : 1881 3.50 4.10 6.40 10.90 15.30 18.20 20.20 19.80 17.20 11.80 6.40 3.40 11.43
GAT in year : 1971 3.60 6.20 8.20 12.90 16.50 19.30 20.90 20.70 17.90 13.90 9.50 5.60 14.10
According to this , we ’ve warmed up 4.5C since 1881 and the 1971 record above was a full 2.7C warmer than 1881 .
But I thought we were freezing in 1971 and a new ice age was forecast ?!
Now take a look at January .
No change from 1881 to 1971 ( well , 0.1c ) but February was up 2.1C , March 1.8C , December 2.2C .
And the delta to 2008 is a wopping 4.8C in January and 5.4C in December , but July is almost identical .
By definition , picking one year to compare to another is a bit of a cherry pick , even though these were modestly randomly picked .
( There are “ better ” and “ worse ” : 1894 was MINUS 2.4c in January ) .
But even with that , the “ globe ” seems to have gotten much much warmer during the Northern Hemisphere winters .
Yet not in summer .
Somehow I suspect were seeing a mix of : Exit from LIA in the record that is mostly focused on N. America and Europe ; any AGW being substantially in winter in the N.H. and not really doing much for summer heat ( if anything ) , and potentially some kind of bias in the code or temperature recording system that has been warming winter thermometers ( heated buildings nearby , car exhausts , huge UHI from massive winter fuel today vs a few wood fires 100 + years ago ) .
( update : see the cold winter location thermometer deletions under the “ GHCN global analysis ” link at the top . )
I ’ve seen nothing in the AGW thesis that would explain these patterns in the data .
Certainly not any “ runaway greenhouse ” effect .
The summers are just fine …
So I ’m going to dredge through the buckets of “ stuff ” my new toy is spitting out , and spend a while thinking about what would be a good article to make from this … and do a bit of a code review to make sure I ’ve got it right .
In the mean time , enjoy your balmy winters ;-)
( And if Anthony would like a copy of the ported GIStemp to play with , well , “ Will Program for Beer ! ” ;-)
E.M.Smith ( 03:59:22 ) :
Hmmm ….
A bit further pondering ….
Does anyone have a graph of S.H. thermometer growth over time ?
It would be a bit of a “ hoot ” if the “ Global Warming ” all came down to more thermometers being put in The Empire in Africa , Australia , et. al. then to Soviet Union dropping SIberia out in large part …
Could GW all just be where in the world is Carmen Sandiego ’s Thermometer ?
8-)
END QUOTED POSTINGS .
( I ’ve put a update or two in the quote , so it ’s not exactly a quote anymore , but 99 + % the same )
Geek Corner starts here .
Technical stuff and programmer topics
So at this point I have a working GIStemp port , a clear idea how to get it to “ play well with littleendian hardware ” and some early clues as to where the warming is coming from ( and it is n’t CO2 , given the summers are not getting hotter … )
I ’ll probably take a break from GIStemp for the next week ( or at least ramp down the effort a little , I could use some more sleep 8 - ) and get back to making some weekly stock market postings .
Time to make some more money ( my kids need tuition this month ;-)
UPDATE2 : As of July 22 , 2009 :
I ’ve gotten all the code up to STEP4_5 to run to completion .
The input data files for STEP4 do not have a location called out in what passes for documentation , so I ’m on a bit of a treasure hunt to get them .
I ’ve found SBBX .
HadR2 , but not the monthly update files yet .
So I still ca n’t run that step to see what happens .
A note on hardware :
I decided to haul an old box out of the garage for this project .
I did n’t care how long it took to run .
Mostly I just wanted a dedicated LINUX box that I could “ blow away ” at any time if I needed a different release , port , or whatever .
( I have several LINUX releases on my bookshelf along with a couple of BSD copies , Wasabi , and more … ) .
My goal was mostly just to get through the compile step .
Given the small size of the code , I knew that would be “ doable ” on any size box .
I can now also say that the code runs just fine on my box as well .
What box ?
It started life as a “ white box ” 486 machine some decades ago .
About a decade ( plus ? ) ago it got a motherboard upgrade .
As of now , it runs an AMD 400 Mhz processor .
The memory on that board is a mix .
It was from a transition period when both SDRAM and old SIMM memory sticks were supported on one board .
Right now I have some of each : 64 MB of 100 Mhz SDRAM and 48 MB of slow SIMMS .
The Operating System is RedHat 7.2 Linux ( though most any Linux or Unix ought to be fine . )
This was just what was on it when pulled from the garage …
The disk is a 10 GB IDE disk , of which GIStemp sucks up about 1 GB .
Most of that is for data .
GIStemp makes a copy or two of the data at each step , with minor modifications , and leaves some of them laying about .
The code itself is only about 7000 lines after allowing for duplicate copies and “ hand tools ” that are not part of the normal flow of execution .
A fast disk is much more important than a fast processor .
Much of the time the machine is I /O limited .
Especially in the Python steps .
The only time I saw a significant “ hardware limitation ” was during the make of the “ gcc ” C compiler chain that I had to do to get the 4.x release level of libraries needed for the g95 FORTRAN compiler port .
( If I were running a newer Linux , they would already be there …
I just figured a gcc build was less work than a new Linux install . )
Watching “ top ” and it ’s report of swap file usage showed that 256 MB of memory would be the biggest performance improver .
The actual execution of GIStemp runs just fine on the box “ as is ” taking a few minutes per step , mostly shoveling the 100 MB or so of data into Yet Another Copy …
So if you decide to run this puppy , any old PC will do .
A new one with fast SATA disk drives and at least 256 MB of memory matters more than the CPU speed .
I ’ll be putting together a posting on what was done for the port , so anyone who would like to know exactly what was done to make it go can either wait a bit , or ask questions below .
Also , if anyone want ’s a copy of the code , I ’m happy to make it available .
It will get a bit “ cleaner ” over the next week or two , but if you want it Right Now , just tell me where to leave a “ tarball ” … ;-)
UPDATE : As of July 21 , 2009 I have managed to get GIStemp to compile on a Linux box !
I ’ve added “ Makefiles ” for all the steps and moved much of the code into a src / bin structure ( it had been compiling code in - line in scripts and then running it , then deleting the executables ) .
I ’ve also started to map the “ data flow ” as it moves from file to file to file to file …
A silly way to do a “ data structure ” , rather reminiscent of how it was done in the 1960 ’s with tape drives holding batch data .
At any rate , the first section is mapped ( with more to follow ) here :
The Data Go Round
The bottom line is that the “ data structure ” is still primitive , but the program and data file location and overall operational flow is now a much cleaner structure with source code ( things like sorts .f ) in separate directories from where it writes it ’s scratch files / work files ; and with a clean way to “ make ” the executables ( things like sorts. exe ) one time and not have to do it again every time you run the system .
Also , where there was the potential for ambiguity between a script name and an executable from a FORTRAN program , I ’ve changed is so that the script ends in .sh as a qualifier .
For example , zonav.f is the FORTRAN source that produces zonav.exe which has a “ wrapper script ” that runs it named zonav.sh .
The *.f files live in a directory named “ src ” while the *. exe files live in a directory named “ bin ” and the *.sh files come in two flavors .
The “ driver scripts ” for a single “ STEP ” that are left in the STEPx directory , and shared scripts that I ’ve put in the “ src ” directory .
You can now look at the code and have a decent clue what ’s going on !
For now , each FORTRAN and python program is basically exactly as written by GISS .
I ’ll be making some minor changes as I get steps working and test them ( things like having the “ work ” files created in the work_files directory , rather than ‘ wherever ’ and then moved to the work_files directory when done .
I will NOT be making any changes to speak of to the logic or processing of the code .
Just cleaning up where it puts things , not changing what it does to them .
Once it ’s running , I intend to follow a USHCN site as it ’s data flows through the code and see what happens to it , Step by Step …
This all sounds more complicated than it is .
For one thing , moving to a source directory means that the duplicate copies of programs shared by STEP3 , STEP4 and STEP5 now only have a single copy to deal with .
It also means that all the “ compile foo.f , run foo.exe , delete foo.exe ” text that was scattered around all the scripts is replaced with a couple of “ Makefile ”s .
One for the initial step of STEP0 and one for STEP2 , STEP3 , STEP4_5 combined .
( Sometime after I ’ve gotten STEP0 tested , I ’ll combine the two Makefiles … ) .
The STEP1 python step has a complicated make system built into it already .
I may do something with it , but it seems to work OK for now .
The only real “ bugs ” I ’ve run into so far are that to get things to compile I had to remove a “ feature ” they were using in about 1 /2 of them .
They would declare an array and assign data values to it in one step .
That is a non-standard extension on some FORTRAN compilers , but not g95 .
So I had to replace those lines with ones a bit more like :
INTEGER FOO(2 )
DATA FOO /1 , 2 /
( Where they had : INTEGER FOO ( 2)/1,2/ )
There were also a couple of programs that complained about data type mismatches in passed parameters .
That can be a “ bug ” or it can be a “ neat trick ” depending on what the programmer intended ( though it is always poor style … )
As I run those programs , I ’ll evaluate if those were bugs or features ;-) IIRC , there were three of them .
Two were involving print steps , so I ’m not too worried .
One was a REAL passed to an INTEGER data type in a subroutine .
That ’s more worrisome and could be a significant bug .
We ’ll see .
Oh , and in most cases the scripts had the ksh directive at the top removed ( most folks do n’t have ksh ) .
A couple of script do n’t run on bash or sh , so I ’m going to be fixing them as I do my “ debug and test ” .
So , at any rate , it ’s time to “ pop a cork ” !
Since I now have a significantly cleaned up AND COMPILED version of GIStemp ready to run and test !
https://chiefio.wordpress.com/2009/07/29/gistemp-a-cleaner-approach/
As parts are shown to work correctly , I ’ll just use them as is .
If a part is broken ( due to the compiler differences , or ksh ) I ’ll re-write it as needed , perhaps even into C. Just about everything on the planet has a C compiler on it …
( It was modestly annoying to get and build all the things needed to put a FORTRAN 90 or newer compiler up on Linux … )
At any rate , if you are thinking of trying to make GIStemp go , holler at me first .
I ’m happy to give folks what I ’ve got to help them along .
When I have something that works more or less end to end and can be shown to be essentially what GISS intended , I ’ll publish it somewhere ( need to find a place to put a tarball… ) .
Until then , it will have to be “ upon request ” .
So now you know where I ’ve been the last couple of weeks ;-)
END UPDATE .
Every journey begins with but a single step .
This page is it for GIStemp deconstruction .
At present this is a work in progress .
As I get through a chunk , I will update this persistent top level page with the appropriate links .
It is likely to take a few months .
GIStemp has 6 formal steps ( named 0 to 5 ) each run by a top level script .
In the sections on each STEP , I go through that top level script in an overview page .
that overview page will have links to the source code and commentary for each program inside that step .
As these overviews get done , and as the code pages fill out , there will be links added to fill in this structure .
Right now the biggest hole is STEP2 , but I hope to have something there soon .
STEP1 source code is up , but analysis is lacking for now .
At present , I ’m nearly done with STEP0 , and I ’ve started on STEP1 ( which sounds much more impressive when you realize that step 4 and step 5 are in one directory , STEP4_5 , and they ( it ? ) are really just a couple of small new programs and some runs of the same code as STEP3 , so there ’s roughly STEP2 as a “ big chunk ” to go .
With Minus One , Zero , and One done that makes it about half way already …
STEP3 and STEP4_5 have had the scripts documented and the source code is up , but I have not yet done the FORTRAN deconstruction .
So please expect that this shell will fill in over time .
There is only one of me doing it part time for free , so the speed will not be what you might like .
You are welcome to help make it go faster by contributing time , coding skill , commentary , or even just beer .
After all , my present motto is “ Will Program for Beer ! ”
( Hey , everybody needs a motivator … good management just chooses what they know will work ; and since I ’m management as well as grunt on this project … )
General Overview Steps
So how big is this puppy and where can I download a copy ?
What is the general impression of it ?
For a bit more detail on the source download and a peek at the “ README ” file that comes with it , gistemp.txt , we have a starter peek .
And if you would like , you can look in a bit more depth at the ghcn data formats .
General Issues
A list of things I ’ve found that make me wonder .
First up , the issue of GIStemp cutting off data at 1880 and using an odd “ baseline ” period of 1950 to 1980 .
Is this a Cherry Pick ?
Were these dates picked deliberately to make warming trends look bigger than they really were ( or to fabricate the trend entirely ? )
Then there is the issue of false precision .
How can you calculate 1/10 th of a degree C from data in whole degrees F? Mr. McGuire would NOT approve !
( Please note :
To all the folks who wish to run off to the central limit theorem and how an average of a large number of values can have a greater precision :
All such discussion belongs under the “ Mr. McGuire ” thread .
It is there already .
Further , GIStemp does not do that .
NCDC in GHCN averages exactly 2 things : daily MIN and MAX .
Then it takes those ( at most 31 ) for the month and averages them together .
The average of up to 31 daily averages of the daily MIN and MAX is not the monthly mean ( though everyone treats it as such ) .
The “ problem ” is in assigning 1/100 F precision to that as the monthly mean when it : A . Is n’t the monthly mean and we have no error estimates .
and B .
Is calculated in 2 steps with no more than 31 values at any one point .
No law of large numbers need apply here .
In GIStemp STEP0 this is converted to C one value at a time , so again , no ‘ law of large numbers ’ , just a “ monthly mean temperature ” measured in 1/10 C that is n’t an accurate monthly mean .
This is carried through all the other homogenizing , splicing , UHI adjusting etc. steps .
The only time a large number theorem approach might apply is the final pre-anomaly step , but even there it looks like each box is calculated , then the global mean is calculated from them .
So please , leave the central limit theorem stuff out of GIStemp … look at how the data are actually processed , not at theoreticals . )
And then there is the issue of trying to dig a global trend out of a data series that only goes back a few years for most of the planet .
Maybe you can get a 50 year trend for America , but not for most of the world .
We just do n’t have the data for the time period needed
The Code – Step by Step , Inch by Inch , Slowly He Turns …
Step Minus One
OK , you need to get the data and there is a pre-process to sort the Antarctic data if you get a fresh copy .
Step Zero
So how about those input files scattered about ?
Once you have all the data and files , STEP0 processing does what again ?
Step One
What does STEP1 look like in an overview sense ?
This step uses Python , but the Python programs call a library of C functions .
These are in two pieces .
Monthlydata and Stationstrings .
Step Two
What does STEP2 look like in an overview sense ?
This step has several subscripts and FORTRAN programs
Step Three
What does STEP3 look like in an overview of mostly just source code listings right now .
Step Four_Five
Some folks have asserted that since GIStemp uses an anomaly map for sea surface temperatures to adjust its internal anomaly map already computed , this means that GIStemp “ uses satellite data ” .
After chasing this down for a while , I came to the conclusion that this stretches the truth quite a bit .
Yes , it uses a partially satellite derived SST anomaly map as input to STEP4 , but that is n’t quite the same as using direct satellite data .
What does STEP4 look like in an overview of mostly just source code listings right now .
What does STEP5 look like in an overview of mostly just source code listings right now .
Related Websites
To Be Done : Add entries .
Subscribe to feed
Iran just announced a radical expansion of its uranium - enrichment facilities .
The news followed the recent disclosure of the country ’s previously secret nuclear facility near the city of Qom — and came just two days after the International Atomic Energy Agency ’s censure of Iran for its failure to halt enrichment .
In other words , instead of complying with international requests to stand down , Iran has decided to step up efforts to enrich uranium , which , despite the government ’s denial , is all but certainly intended for a bomb .
Iran does not need nuclear power for electrical generation .
It has the world ’s second - largest natural gas reserves at more than 950 trillion cubic feet .
That ’s enough to meet its current rate of consumption for more than 230 years .
And it earns plenty of foreign cash as the world ’s fourth - largest oil producer , with about 4 million barrels pumped each day .
Instead , Iran sees all sorts of geopolitical advantages in getting the bomb .
Iran ’s theocratic leaders promote its pathological hatred of Israel .
Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad denies the Holocaust .
He periodically threatens the Jewish state with abject destruction , calling Israel “ a dead rat ” and “ a stinking corpse . ”
At best , his nuclear missiles would be a permanent sword of Damocles over Israel ’s head .
At worst , in apocalyptic fashion , he could claim for Persian Shiites the primacy of radical Islam by destroying , once and for all , the “ Zionist entity . ”
Iran also gives billions in aid to murderous organizations like Hezbollah and Hamas .
Their clout would grow exponentially if they could scare Western allies with the threat of nuclear terrorism .
Right now , Iran thinks it is in the driver ’s seat .
The Obama administration set a series of informal deadlines early this fall for Iran to comply with nonproliferation protocols — and kept repeating itself , first at the United Nations meeting in New York , then during the G - 20 summit , and finally in face - to - face October meetings .
All were ignored .
The United States unilaterally offered to restore direct negotiations with Tehran .
It asked to arrange uranium enrichment for Iran abroad .
During the recent mass democratic protests against the Iranian theocracy , the Obama administration initially balked at expressing solidarity with the reformers — apparently reluctant to offend the Ahmadinejad regime .
All this “ reset ” button diplomacy came amid President Barack Obama ’s apologies abroad for past American behavior .
We ’ve sent peace feelers out to former enemies like Venezuela ’s Hugo ChÃ¡vez and the Castro brothers of Cuba .
Obama bowed to the Japanese emperor on his recent Asia trip ; earlier , he did the same with the Saudi king .
Apparently , Iran has watched this new kindly American approach , and come to a few dark conclusions , namely that a handful of nuclear bombs will give Iran political leverage , and that , in this new climate , it is well worth the ( decreasing ) risk in getting them .
Obama should tread carefully and take note .
As history shows , even a trivial gesture can result in dire unintended consequences .
In 1950 , Secretary of State Dean Acheson ’s inadvertent remark that South Korea lay outside the American “ defense perimeter ” in Asia may have emboldened the North Koreans to invade later that summer .
Obama ’s serial deadlines and hope and change rhetoric have had no effect on the Iranians .
Obama can either accept that the theocracy will go nuclear and live with it , or he must take graduated steps to stop them .
That would start with sanctions , boycotts and embargoes — and strong support for Iranian reformers .
If all that fails , we should consider a blockade of Iranian ports .
VICTOR DAVIS HANSON is a columnist affiliated with the Hoover Institution at Stanford University .
One in five players of EverQuest II , the online role - playing game above , is female .
Credit : Sony Online Entertainment .
The words " You play like a girl " could turn out to be the ultimate compliment .
When it comes to online role playing games , women spent more time playing than men , according to a University of Southern California study of gender differences among gamers .
Among those who played EverQuest II , a game developed by Sony Online Entertainment , women spent 29 hours a week in the game , compared with 25 hours for men .
" The women play more intensely than the guys , " said USC economist Dmitri Williams , who co-authored the study with Mia Consalvo of Ohio University , Nick Yee of the Palo Alto Research Center and Scott Caplan of the University of Delaware .
" They 're less likely to quit , and they 're happier playing . "
The discovery is one of several stereotypes refuted by the study .
Contrary to the image of the overweight nerd glued to his computer , gamers in the study were no less fit than the general population .
In fact , women who played EverQuest II tended to exercise more and weigh less than the average American .
Another shattered stereotype :
The pimply teenage gamer .
The average age of the 7,000 players in the USC survey was 31 , and gamers in their 30s outnumbered those in their 20s .
But the study also affirmed many gender tropes .
For example , women ...
LONGVIEW — A Republican Party leader blasted a Democratic official Thursday for what she called “ sexist ” and “ degrading ” remarks about State Representative and congressional hopeful Jaime Herrera .
On Tuesday , Washington State Democratic Party chairman Dwight Pelz compared Herrera to former Alaska Gov. and vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin .
Pelz said Herrera is “ Palinesque ” and called her “ long on style , short of substance . ”
“ It ’s disgraceful that the moment a female minority candidate comes on the scene , Democrats pounce on the opportunity to demean and belittle her , ” according to a statement released by GOP National Committeewoman Fredi Simpson .
“ As a Hispanic female , I am shocked at Chairman Pelz ’s recent sexist and degrading remarks about a fellow Hispanic female ’s looks , while disregarding her intelligence . ”
Herrera , a 31 - year - old Camas Republican , announced this week that she will run to replace 3rd District Congressman Brian Baird , D - Vancouver , who will not seek a seventh term next year .
Herrera was appointed to the Legislature in 2007 , and voters sent her back to the post in 2008 .
Simpson continued : “ Obviously , the Chairman and his Democrat Party feel threatened by this accomplished young woman and need to resort to childish antics of name - calling to distract from the real issues .
Two - thirds of Americans support Medicare - for - all ( # 2 of 6 )
Citizen juries demonstrate massive support for single - payer
By Kip Sullivan , JD
“ They contradicted both beltway and public opinion polls .
The whole damn world seems to think the Clinton plan is the way to go .
Yet they like the single - payer system , which is n’t even getting considered in Washington . ”
That was how the president of the Jefferson Center characterized the outcome of a five - day “ citizen jury ” experiment in which 24 “ jurors ” listened to and questioned 30 experts on health care reform .
( Patrick Howe , “ ‘ Citizens jury ’ supports Wellstone ’s health care proposal over Clinton plan , ” Minneapolis Star Tribune , October 15 , 1993 , 10A . )
Of those 30 experts , only one , Senator Paul Wellstone ( D - MN ) , spoke in favor of single - payer .
( Gail Shearer of Consumers Union , which had endorsed single - payer by 1993 , was one of the 30 experts to speak to the jury , but it is not clear from the Jefferson Center record that she spoke in favor of single - payer . )
The jury heard expert testimony for and against all three of the major types of health care reform legislation that have been promoted in the US over the last four decades .
Senator Wellstone presented the case for his single - payer bill , numerous speakers made the case for Bill Clinton ’s managed competition bill ( a bill based on competition between insurance companies that use managed - care cost - control techniques ) , and numerous speakers made the case for what later came to be called “ consumer - driven ” health insurance policies ( competition between insurance companies that sell policies with deductibles on the order of $ 2,000 for individuals and $ 5,000 for families ) .
The jury voted by massive majorities to reject the market - based proposals – managed competition and high - deductible policies – and , by a landslide majority ( 17 out of 24 , or 71 percent ) , to endorse Wellstone ’s single - payer bill .
At the time the Jefferson Center report noted only that a majority of jurors voted for single - payer .
The actual vote count was reported years later by Barry Casper in his book , Lost in Washington : Finding the Way Back to Democracy in America .
The unbearable lightness of polls
Observers were surprised at the jury ’s rejection of the Clinton plan because polls taken at the time the Jefferson Center jury was meeting ( the second week of October 1993 ) were reporting that a majority of the public supported Clinton ’s Health Security Act , his “ managed competition within a budget ” bill that was supposed to create a system of universal health insurance .
For example , a Gallup / CNN / USA Today poll ( see Exhibit 1 page 10 ) released on September 24 , 1993 showed 59 percent endorsed Clinton ’s bill .
But just three weeks later , on October 14 , 1993 , the jury rejected Clinton ’s bill by a vote of 19 to 5 .
Five jurors out of 24 comes to 21 percent , far below the 60 - percent level one would have expected based on polls .
The enormous gap between the citizens jury ’s vote on Clinton ’s bill and contemporary poll results illustrates a well known problem with polls :
Although they can produce consistent and accurate results when the question is about something the respondents are familiar with , such as whether they have health insurance , they can produce wildly divergent and inaccurate results when the question is about a complex issue that respondents have had little time to study or even to think about .
Contrast , for example , a 2007 AP - Yahoo poll , which found 65 percent of Americans support a Medicare - for - all system , with a 2009 CBS poll which found only 50 percent think “ government ” would do a “ better job ” of providing health insurance than the insurance industry .
The AP - Yahoo poll posed this question ( the order of the two solutions was reversed from one respondent to the next ) :
Which comes closest to your view ?
The United States should continue the current health insurance system in which most people get their health insurance from private employers , but some people have no insurance ;
The United States should adopt a universal health insurance program in which everyone is covered under a program like Medicare that is run by the government and financed by taxpayers .
Sixty - five percent of respondents chose the second solution – the Medicare - for - all solution – while only 34 percent chose the current system .
Now consider the June 12 - 16 , 2009 CBS poll which asked : “ Do you think the government would do a better or worse job than private insurance companies in providing medical coverage ? ”
Fifty percent said “ the government ” would do a better job versus 34 percent who said “ the government ” would do a worse job .
Now , just to raise your skepticism about polls another notch , consider this wrinkle .
When CBS asked the same question two months later – during August 27 - 31 , 2009 – they found 13 to 14 percent of respondents had changed their minds in favor of the insurance industry .
That is , by late August ( by which time dozens of tumultuous “ town hall ” meetings about the Democrats ’ health care “ reform ” legislation had taken place ) , the percent who thought “ the government ” would do a better job had fallen to 36 ( from 50 percent ) while the percent who thought “ the government ” would do a worse job had risen to 47 ( from 34 percent ) .
How do we make sense of these seemingly contradictory results ?
Do we trust the late - August CBS poll and say only one - third of Americans support single - payer ?
Or do we go with the AP - Yahoo poll and say two - thirds support single - payer ?
Or do we split the difference and say the June CBS poll got it about right – that half of Americans support single - payer ?
Fortunately , we are not reduced to rolling dice or drawing straws .
We can examine research that uses methods more reliable than those used by the typical poll , notably two citizen jury experiments .
And we can examine polls that have produced contradictory results to see if we can find a reason why .
I will use the remainder of this paper to report on the two citizen juries .
I ’ll examine polling data more closely in Part III of this series .
The Jefferson Center ’s methodology
The Jefferson Center , a non-profit organization created in 1974 by Ned Crosby , invented the “ citizen jury ” label and developed the rules for them that are now used around the world , especially in the United Kingdom .
These methods include : random selection of jurors ; selection of experts and moderation of the discussion in a manner that minimizes bias ; recording of the proceedings ; a report from the jury indicating votes taken on major issues presented to it and recommendations from the jury ; questionnaires for jurors after the jury has completed its work to inquire about their perception of the fairness of the process ; and oversight and review by a steering committee to minimize bias .
The 24 jurors who gathered in a Washington , DC hotel on Sunday , October 10 , 1993 were randomly selected from a pool of 2000 .
They included a 23 - year - old college student from Colorado , a 27 - year - old carpenter from Wisconsin , a 32 - year - old janitor from Minnesota , a 44 - year - old village clerk from New York , a 46 - year - old banker from Indiana , a 51 - year - old antique dealer from California , a 59 - year - old retired nurse from Louisiana , and a 75 - year - old retired insurance agent from Florida .
Ten had voted for Clinton in the 1992 election , nine for George H.W. Bush , and five for Ross Perot .
Three had no health insurance .
The experts who addressed the jury included three sitting US Senators , two former members of the House of Representatives , and 25 other experts including Gail Wilensky ( who was the director of Medicare under the first President Bush and is a member of numerous corporate boards ) , Ira Magaziner ( who directed Hillary Clinton ’s health care reform task force ) , and Ron Pollack ( director of Families USA ) .
The discussion was moderated by Kathleen Hall Jamieson , dean of the Annenberg School for Communication at the University of Pennsylvania .
Former CBS and NBC TV anchor Roger Mudd was on hand to film a documentary which aired in April 1994 .
After five days of listening to and cross-examining the 30 experts ( the jury asked the experts more than 500 questions ) , the jurors refused even to vote on the “ managed competition lite ” proposal presented by Senator Dave Durenberger ( R - MN ) and a high - deductible ( Medical Savings Account ) proposal presented by Senator Don Nickles ( R - OK ) .
In other words , the jury rejected the Durenberger and Nickle ’s legislation by a vote of 24 to zero .
They rejected Clinton ’s Health Security Act by a vote of 19 to 5 .
When they were asked how many supported Sen .
Wellstone ’s single - payer bill ( S. 491 ) , 17 of 24 ( 71 percent ) raised their hands .
Washington Post columnist William Raspberry wrote at the time :
Perhaps most interesting about last week ’s verdict is its defiance of inside - the - Beltway wisdom that says a single - payer … plan ca n’t be passed .
These jurors think it can – and ought to be .
( William Raspberry , “ Citizens jury won over by merits of Wellstone ’s single - payer plan , ” Washington Post , October 21 , 1993 , 23A )
I have already noted one reason why observers were surprised by the jury ’s votes , namely , polls taken around the time the jury met indicated a majority of the public liked Clinton ’s bill .
But there was another reason to be surprised :
The Jefferson Center created a playing field that was steeply tilted against Wellstone ’s single - payer bill .
To begin with , the Center limited the jury to two questions : “ Do we need health care reform in America ? ” and , “ Is the Clinton plan the way to get the health care reform we need ? ”
Second , the agenda called for presentations by a team of Republicans and their expert witnesses arguing for Republican proposals , and a team of Democrats and their expert witnesses arguing for Clinton ’s Health Security Act .
( The Republican team was managed and represented by former Minnesota Congressman Vin Weber ; the Democrats were led by Hill and Knowlton lobbyist and former Connecticut Congressman Toby Moffett . )
There was no team advocating for single - payer .
There was only Wellstone .
But the jury was so attracted to Wellstone ’s description of his bill during his initial presentation that they voted 22 - 0 to invite him back for two more question periods ( see page 10 of the Jefferson Center report ) .
No other witness was asked back even once .
“ In fact , ” noted columnist Raspberry , “ when the Minnesotan [ Wellstone ] dropped in at the jury ’s farewell dinner Thursday night , he got a standing ovation . ”
To sum up : The Jefferson Center ’s citizen jury methodology was far more rigorous than any two - or three - sentence poll can be , and yet even the methods used for that jury permitted substantial bias against the single - payer approach .
A total of 30 experts spoke to the Jefferson Center jury over five days .
Only one of them , Senator Wellstone , made the case for single - payer .
Even though the question of whether to support or oppose single - payer was not on the agenda , the jury took the initiative to get more information about it .
The jury did not have to do that for any other proposal .
Despite these obstacles , the single - payer proposal won by a 71 - percent majority .
Minnesota citizen jury endorses single - payer by 79 percent
On October 1 , 1996 I was part of another citizen jury project sponsored by the Minneapolis Star Tribune and Twin Cities Public TV which used a methodology similar to the Jefferson Center ’s jury and which had a nearly identical outcome .
In this case , the jury consisted of 14 randomly selected Minnesotans , only three experts spoke , and the entire event lasted just four hours .
I made the case for single - payer ( at that time I represented Minnesota Citizens Organized Acting Together ) , Michael Scandrett ( then the director of the Minnesota Council of HMOs ) stated the case for managed competition , and a woman who had just left a job with the Minnesota Department of Health to create her own advocacy group for Medical Savings Accounts ( MSAs , now referred to as Health Savings Accounts ) presented the argument for MSAs .
At the end of four hours , the moderator for the evening ( an officer of the Minnesota League of Women Voters ) put several questions to the jury for a vote .
Her first question asked each juror which proposal they supported .
Eight voted for single - payer , three voted for managed competition , one woman split her vote between single - payer and managed competition ( she said she wanted the two proposals to be married somehow ) , no one voted for MSAs , and two of the 14 abstained .
If we allocate a half of the vote by the woman who wanted some combination of managed competition and single - payer to each proposal , single - payer ’s total was 8.5 , or 61 percent of the 14 jurors .
The moderator ’s second question asked whether the jurors would support universal coverage under a single - payer system if citizens had to pay $ 1,000 more in taxes that were offset by $ 1,000 in reduced premiums and out - of - pocket costs .
( This is a conservative estimate of what would happen .
It is likely that aggregate premium and out - of - pocket costs would decline more than aggregate taxes would go up under a single - payer system , and very likely that premium and out - of - pocket costs would decline substantially more than taxes would go up for lower - and middle - income Americans . )
Eleven said yes to this question , and three abstained .
If we treat this latter vote as the definitive vote for single - payer , then it would be accurate to say 79 percent voted for single payer .
Finally , the moderator asked if the jury thought Congress had failed to give single - payer a fair hearing .
Again , 11 ( 79 percent ) said yes and three said no .
( Glenn Howatt , “ Canadian - style care starting to look more attractive to panelists , ” Minneapolis Star Tribune October 9 , 1996 , A15 )
Stay tuned for Part 3 : “ Informative polls show two - thirds support for single - payer . ”
A U.S. District Court judge denied Bethesda 's motion for a preliminary injunction against publisher Interplay this week over a dispute involving licensing for the popularRPG franchise .
The ruling means that for the time being , Interplay will be able to continue selling , a bundle that includes 1997's , 1998's , and 2001's , as well as the individual games themselves .
It also means that Interplay can continue to work on the MMO , a work - in - progress dubbedthat can exist because of a licensing deal that Bethesda struck with Interplay .
Bethesda bought theproperty from Interplay in 2007 for $ 5.75 million .
A court order from U.S. District judge Deborah K. Chasanow , originally found by fan website Duck and Cover and confirmed by Gamasutra , did not list reasons behind the ruling .
Bethesda filed suit against Interplay overearlier this year .
Bethesda requested the court enjoin distribution of Interplay ' spack , claiming that the bundle 's packaging was not approved by Bethesda , and could confuse consumers into thinking the package included 2008 's Bethesda - developed Interplay originally created the original , which still maintains a cult following , and the older games in theseries did see a sales benefit from the high visibility of Bethesda 'sBethesda 's original complaint against Interplay also accused the company of breach of contract in regards to the MMO .
While Bethesda purchased the rights of thefranchise from Interplay in 2007 for $ 5.75 million , Bethesda in turn licensed the rights to make aback to Interplay .
But Bethesda claimed that Interplay fell short of its contractual obligations by allegedly not beginning full - scale production of the MMO on time , or raising sufficient funds within an agreed upon time frame .
Bethesda is now trying to win back the rights of the MMO.
A rep for Bethesda did not have a comment ready as of press time , and Bethesda lawyers did not immediately return a phone call , although we will update this story with any new information .
Attempts to contact Interplay were unsuccessful .
( New York ) - The Obama administration and the US Senate should step up their efforts to secure US ratification of the global women 's rights treaty , Human Rights Watch said today .
The continued failure of the Senate to ratify the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women ( CEDAW ) , which was adopted by the United Nations General Assembly on December 18 , 1979 , deprives women in the US of the full protection of their rights , Human Rights Watch said .
" For 30 years , this treaty has helped women around the world secure basic rights and equal status , " said Meghan Rhoad , women 's rights researcher at Human Rights Watch .
" It 's way past time for the US to come on board .
President Obama promised he'd push for ratification , and it's time for the administration and the Senate to deliver on that commitment . "
The treaty has been ratified by 186 countries .
Only the United States , Iran , Sudan , Somalia , Palau , Nauru , and Tonga have not ratified it .
President Jimmy Carter signed the treaty in 1980 , and the Senate Foreign Relations Committee has twice voted favorably on the treaty , but the full US Senate has never voted on it , due in part to scheduling difficulties .
To advance the process , President Obama should publicly press the Senate to begin considering the treaty and the Senate should schedule hearings and move toward a vote , Human Rights Watch said .
Ratification would provide a powerful new tool to address areas in which women in the US face discrimination .
The treaty outlines government responsibilities to eliminate discrimination in all spheres , including the workplace , where US women currently earn 77 cents for every dollar earned by men and have no legal guarantee of paid parental leave .
Joining CEDAW would also mean that the US government would periodically review progress made on issues like violence against women and participate in a dialogue with a UN committee of experts on ways to improve policies and programs .
Human Rights
Watch said that ratifying the treaty would also boost US efforts to improve the status of women internationally by adding to US credibility as a global leader on women 's rights and by lending US support to the treaty 's standards of non-discrimination .
" Too many women in the US struggle with discrimination in the workplace , bias in health insurance , and official indifference to domestic violence , " Rhoad said .
" Ratifying this treaty can help ensure that important progress on women 's rights over the past decades will continue .
There is no excuse for inaction on this issue . "
After spending the past two months on sabbatical , I 've returned to a deluge of science that I had missed out on .
Almost three years ago , a company called D - Wave made waves by announcing that it was about to unveil one of the first - ever functioning adiabatic quantum computers , a device it heralded as being capable of solving NP problems in P time — a claim that does n't really hold up to scrutiny .
This piqued the interest of many about the actual applications and science behind quantum computers , and we at Nobel Intent dove in and tried to shine some light on the discussion .
Even with a fully functional , scalable quantum computer , nobody 's large integers are in danger of being factored in polynomial time — it has been shown that integer factorization , via Shor 's algorithm , is solvable in bounded error quantum polynomial ( BQP ) time .
So , quantum mechanicists and quantum computer theorists started looking for ways to improve upon the performance of quantum computers and arrived at a question only a theorist could come up with .
What if the quantum computer was capable of traveling through time ?
A paper that was published in the October 21st edition of Physical Review Letters ( PRL ) examines this very question .
The writers attempt to see if a quantum computer that exists on a closed timelike circuit ( CTC ) — a timeline that travels to the past before looping back onto itself — experiences an increase in its computational ability .
A previous paper in PRL this year suggested that it was possible for a CTC - assisted quantum computer to map a set of pure states into an orthogonal set of states , an impossibility in standard quantum mechanics .
This would imply that a CTC would allow a quantum computer to distinguish two identical quantum states — the philosophical or physical meaning and implication of this being entirely unclear .
Aware that something must have been wrong — either with the procedure or assumptions of the previous work — the authors of this paper from the IBM Watson Research Laboratory and the Quantum Computing Department at the University of Waterloo revisit the problem with a highly critical and pedantic eye .
Their new analysis shows that " CTCs do not improve state discrimination , " contradicting what was previously reported .
The problem now becomes how to reconcile these results .
The answer lies in the fact that 2 + 2 does n't always add up to 4 .
In a linear system , the properties of a mixture are simply equal to the ( weighted ) sum of the properties of the individual components .
In fact , quantum mechanics is mathematically founded on the idea of a linear set of equations and linear independence of solutions .
It turns out that a CTC does not represent a linear operation , rather a nonlinear one where the outcome is not merely the sum of the components .
Computationally , this means that a quantum computer traveling through a loop in time would only see a computational benefit with a specific subset of inputs , not the more general case of every possible input as has been previous postulated .
For that general case to be possible , the operation of the computer looping in time would need to be linear .
The fact that quantum mechanics could have some nonlinearities has been soundly rebutted in past literature , but this is a new proposal which may shed new light onto the subject .
It would also change the way we need to think about quantum problems : not only would the particles in a given system need to be considered , but every particle in the universe , even those that do not participate , would need to be taken into account .
It would also mean that a complex problem of two or more systems would need to take into account the entire history of the universe that each subsystem exists in from the begining of time to the present to accurately calculate a result .
While this paper has , in my opinion , an excellently mind - bending postulate , it is not something that one needs to lose sleep over .
It does highlight ( again , in my opinion ) why theory is so much more elegant than experimental work .
Where else can entire papers and fields of study be carried out where no realistic quantum computer has ever been developed , and no method of time travel has ever been shown to be physically possible ( note that is also has not been shown to be physically impossible ) , yet can work out what would happen if they had a time traveling quantum computer ?
Awesome .
Physical Review Letters , 2009 .
DOI : 10.1103/PhysRevLett.103.170502
Criminal Defense Lawyer in Houston
Defending Clients for More Than 30 Years
Since 1984 , Rand Mintzer , Attorney at Law has provided responsive and effective criminal defense services to adults and juveniles .
He has handled and tried thousands of cases including DWI , drug crimes , burglary / theft and homicide .
Mr. Mintzer ’s experience allows him to put together a creative and aggressive defense that achieves results .
If you or your loved one has been arrested for , charged with or is under investigation for a crime , retain representation from an accomplished and knowledgeable trial lawyer .
Contact Rand Mintzer , Attorney at Law for a free initial consultation .
Houston Criminal Defense Lawyer Experienced in Handling All Types of Crimes
Rand Mintzer vigorously defends clients against many misdemeanor and felony charges ( whether that is a weapons charge , a violent sex crime , an assault or domestic violence accusation , fraud or another crime ) .
If you have a Houston felony , Attorney Rand Minzer can help .
He has also successfully defended clients in numerous traffic offense cases such as DWI , charges of reckless driving , hit - and - run cases , and even vehicular manslaughter .
Other practice areas include but are not limited to :
Protect Your Rights , Freedom and Future
The experts at Rand Mintzer , Attorney at Law have a well - established criminal defense practice .
While not every criminal matter goes to trial , plea negotiations are not always in the best interest of the client .
Mr. Mintzer prepares thoroughly for the courtroom to secure the best possible outcome for all criminal cases .
His knowledge and experience helps him effectively defend the rights , freedom and futures of each and every client he serves .
Personal Service
Rand Mintzer believes client service is essential to the success of a case .
As a client , you can depend on direct and personal attention on every key aspect of your case .
You will receive a clear assessment of the potential consequences of your charges so that you can make informed decisions .
Contact Rand Mintzer at and receive :
A free consultation for your case
Knowledge from a criminal defense attorney with more than 30 years of experience
Freedom from worrying about your future
Security – knowing that you have the defense you need
Personal Injury Lawyer
In addition to his criminal defense practice , Rand takes select personal injury cases as well .
Mr. Mintzer represents clients injured in car accidents , truck accidents and motorcycle accidents .
Rand Mintzer , Attorney at Law also represents families who are mourning the wrongful death of a loved one .
Contact Attorney Rand Mintzer
Rand Mintzer , Attorney at Law , defends a wide range of misdemeanor and felony crimes .
Schedule a free initial consultation by calling 713-862-8880 or email .
Credit card payments are accepted .
Client Testimonials
A 72 - year - old Los Angeles doctor was accused by state and federal authorities of faking medical exams for immigrants applying for U.S. visas , officials said .
According to the Immigration and Customs Enforcement agency , Levon Tebelekian allegedly charged immigrants $ 150 to give them medical clearance papers without giving them medical exams .
Such exams are required by the federal government to make sure immigrants do n't have any diseases .
It is unclear whether any of the immigrants involved in the alleged scam had any health problems .
Tebelekian was arrested by the agency , which handled the investigation in conjunction with the California Medical Board .
Tebelekian could not be reached for comment .
-- Shelby Grad
The Baucus delivery reform ideas revolved around two central aims .
One was to reward Medicare providers who deliver care more efficiently and penalize those that do n't .
The Reid bill upholds the major proposals Baucus offered to advance that goal .
For instance , hospitals under current law must report on their performance in treating patients for common conditions like heart problems and pneumonia ; under the bill , their Medicare payments , for the first time , would be affected by their ranking on those reports .
Hospitals would also be penalized if they readmit too many patients after surgery or allow too many to acquire infections while in the hospital itself .
Another provision would begin the process of applying such " value - based purchasing " toward other providers like hospice providers and inpatient rehabilitation facilities .
With physicians , the Reid plan takes a step back from the Finance Committee bill but still a long step beyond current law .
The Finance Bill proposed automatic reimbursement reductions for doctors who order up the most care for Medicare recipients with similar medical and demographic characteristics .
That was meant to respond to the research showing big disparities in spending on medical services for similarly - situated patients in different communities .
But , Democratic sources say , that proposal ran into charges that it would promote rationing - and even function as " a death panel by proxy " - by compelling doctors to arbitrarily reduce care .
So the final bill takes a less direct route toward a similar end .
It requires Medicare to begin studying the utilization patterns of doctors participating in the program .
And then it establishes a " values based payment modifier " that would , in a budget - neutral manner , increase reimbursements for physicians found to deliver high - quality care at lower cost , and reduce them for physicians at the other end of that spectrum .
" It will , we believe , have the same net effect [ as the original proposal ] , " said the Democratic aide .
" It should change behavior around that threshold . "
The other set of Baucus proposals were intended to promote more coordination among providers .
These have survived almost verbatim into the final bill .
The bill encourages groups of providers to establish doctor - led " accountable care organizations " to more comprehensively manage patients ' care by allowing them to share in any savings for Medicare they produce .
It also establishes a voluntary national pilot of " bundled " payments that would encourage hospitals , doctors and other providers to work more closely together .
Another pilot program would test coordinated home - based care for chronically ill seniors .
Finally , the Reid bill maintains the two powerful institutions the Finance legislation proposed to promote these reforms and develop new ones .
The one that 's attracted the most attention is an independent " Medicare Advisory Board . "
Under the Senate bill , that board would be required to offer cost - saving proposals when Medicare spending rises too fast ; Congress could not reject its proposals without substituting equivalent savings .
Since the board would be prohibited from offering changes that raise taxes or " ration care , " and since the legislation initially exempts hospitals from its recommendations , it could choose to promote the sort of payment reforms the bill establishes .
( More prosaically it might also clear away some of the expensive coverage mandates that Congress imposes on Medicare under pressure from different elements of the medical industry ) .
Given the limitations imposed on the commission , an equally important means to expand these reforms might be a second institution the legislation creates : a Center for Medicare and Medicaid Innovation in the Health and Human Services Department .
Though this center has received much less attention than the Medicare Commission , it could have a comparable effect .
It would receive $ 1 billion annually to test payment reforms ; in a little known provision , the bill authorizes the HHS Secretary to implement nationwide , without any congressional action , any reform that department actuaries certify will reduce long - term spending .
While the House bill omitted the Medicare Commission ( a top priority for Obama ) it included the innovation center .
UPDATE : NYTimes buries Story , gives last word to wingnuts ...
Brad Friedman Byon
12/22/2009 , 4:15 pm PT
Earlier this month , a two - month independent investigation of ACORN , by former Massachusetts Attorney General Scott Harshbarger , found incidents of mismanagement , but no criminal wrongdoing by ACORN , the favorite whipping boy of Republican scammers such as Glenn Beck , Rush Limbaugh , Fox " News " and the GOP itself .
That investigation ( full report here [ PDF ] ) also found that the " sting videos " used recently against ACORN were highly doctored and manipulated .
Of course , readers of The BRAD BLOG know the Republicans ' entire , long , sad , anti-democratic ( small " d " and large " d " both ) campaign is based on little more than the fact that ACORN registers millions of legal low and middle income voters who tend to vote overwhelmingly Democratic ( large " d " ) rather than Republican , and the GOP and their democracy - hating proxies will go to any lengths to keep those legal voters from exercising their legal franchise .
And today , once again , ACORN is cleared of wrongdoing vis a vis yet another independent investigation , this one by the Congressional Research Service [ PDF ] , as noted in a press release from U.S. House Judiciary Chair John Conyers this afternoon ( posted in full below ) .
Of most note to our readers , Conyers ' statement points out what we 've been pointing out - over and over and over again for years :
" There were no instances of individuals who were allegedly registered to vote improperly by ACORN or its employees and who were reported ' attempting to vote at the polls . ' "
Who knew ?!
What a surprise !
( At least to Fox " News " viewers , who probably wo n't hear about this report either . )
Also : " No instances were identified in which ACORN ' violated the terms of federal funding in the last five years . ' "
And : " Recently enacted federal legislation to prohibit funding to ACORN raises significant constitutional concerns .
The courts ' may have a sufficient basis ' to conclude that the legislation ' violates the prohibition against bills of attainder . ' "
That finding is one that a federal judge also recently concurred with , when she issued an injunction earlier this month to keep the law from taking affect since ACORN had " been singled out by Congress for punishment that directly and immediately affects their ability to continue to obtain federal funding , in the absence of any judicial , or even administrative , process of adjudicating guilt . "
Finally , according to today 's report , Andrew " Drudge 's Poodle " Breitbart 's phony video - taped " sting operation " against ACORN may , itself , have violated the law in both California and Maryland , about which we might ironically recommend to prosecutors : " Capital punishment " for Andrew Breitbart !
The short press release from Conyers , announcing the new report 's bullet points , follows below ...
UPDATE : And coverage of the NYTimes burial of this report , now follows below it ...
December 22 , 2009 Conyers Releases CRS Report on ACORN ( Washington D.C. ) - House Judiciary Chairman John Conyers , Jr. ( D - Mich . ) today released a report prepared by the Congressional Research Service on several issues concerning the Association of Community Organizations for Reform Now ( ACORN ) .
The report was requested by Chairman Conyers and House Financial Services Committee Chairman Barney Frank on September 22 , and is available at http://judiciary.house.g.../pdf/CRS-ACORN091222.pdf.
Among its findings , CRS reported that :
There were no instances of individuals who were allegedly registered to vote improperly by ACORN or its employees and who were reported " attempting to vote at the polls . "
Memorandum from the Congressional Research Service to the House Judiciary Committee , " ACORN Investigations " ( December 22 , 2009 ) , at 1 .
As of October 2009 , there have been 46 reported federal , state , and local investigations concerning ACORN , of which 11 are still pending .
" ACORN Investigations , " Table 1 .
No instances were identified in which ACORN " violated the terms of federal funding in the last five years . "
" ACORN Investigations , " at 1 .
Recently enacted federal legislation to prohibit funding to ACORN raises significant constitutional concerns .
The courts " may have a sufficient basis " to conclude that the legislation " violates the prohibition against bills of attainder . "
Congressional Research Service , " The Proposed ' Defund ACORN Act ' and Related Legislation : Are They Bills of Attainder ? " ( November 30 , 2009 ) , at 25 .
Concerning recent " sting " operations relating to ACORN , although state laws vary , two relevant states , Maryland and California , " appear to ban private recording of face to face conversations absent the consent of all the participants . "
Memorandum from the Congressional Research Service to the House Judiciary , " Allegations of Recording Conversations with Various ACORN Affiliated Individuals without Their Consent " ( October 9 , 2009 ) , at 1 .
" I appreciate the careful work of CRS on these issues , " Chairman Conyers said .
" I look forward to seeing the results of the work being undertaken by other agencies , including the recently announced Government Accountability Office review concerning federal funding of ACORN . "
###
UPDATE 12/27/09 : NYU 's media professor , and election integrity author , Mark Crispin Miller noted over the weekend , via email , that the New York Times buried their coverage of this story on page 14 , and allowed the GOP " voter fraud " fraudsters to have the last word ...
Here 's how the New York Times reported the big news --- or I should say the should - be - much - much bigger news -- that ACORN has been cleared of voter fraud by the Congressional Research Service :
The piece , which is quite brief , was buried on p. A15 , where it was stuck down in the lower right - hand corner ( fittingly , underneath the jump page of an article headlined , " An Isolated Area Feels Even More So " ) .
And not only was the article too short by half , and jammed into a corner , but , as you can see , it 's cast not as a vindication but as insufficiently persuasive to the rightists who 've been trying to blow ACORN into smithereens : " Conservative critics of a community group remain unconvinced , " says the subhead ; and the piece quotes two of them -- the scandalous Hans von Spakovsky and Rep. Peter King ( R - NY ) , who gets the last word .
Well , first of all , ACORN's " critics " are n't " conservatives , " but something more like fascists , since their efforts to crush ACORN ( not just " criticize " it ) are based on a desire to make the power of corporations absolute , through ( among other measures ) radical restriction of the right to vote : ACORN 's crime , in their eyes , has been not just to register low - income voters but also to take legal steps against the buccaneers of Wall Street .
The mission of those " critics , " then , is nothing less than the destruction of electoral democracy --- a mission that 's not rational in any sense .
So how could any evidence persuade them ?
They 're not engaged in civil discourse or in real reform but only propaganda for their cause ; so it is perfectly absurd to note that this report has not " convinced " them .
The likes of von Spakovsky , and John Fund , and Thor Hearne and all the others cannot be " convinced " of anything that they do n't want to think -- and that they want the rest of us all thinking , too .
And they 've done pretty well , as far as ACORN is concerned , because the MSM has functioned largely as a giant megaphone for all their lies right from the start .
So it is no small matter that the New York Times has now downplayed this most important news , which ought to be played up , so that those lies are all ( belatedly ) exposed .
Here , as a corrective to the Times ' low murmur , is Brad Friedman 's proper coverage of the news : https://bradblog.com/?p=7600.
MCM
Of note in the Times coverage , von Spakovsky --- top Bush administration " voter fraud " fraudster at the DoJ and FEC --- is quoted as charging the new report does n't dispel his fantasy of massive Democratic " voter fraud " , by telling the paper " no one is ever going to know it unless somebody takes the voter registration list and checks each person who is registered to make sure they are a real person . "
Right .
So , on that same basis , The BRAD BLOG is calling for an immediate federal investigation into Hans von Spakovsky himself who , we have reason to believe ( though we have no actual evidence for it ) is currently masterminding a massive voter fraud scam involving millions of illegal GOP voters !
He must be stopped !
Either for that , or just because he's a plain old anti-American , democracy - hating jackass .
UPDATE ( 9/4/14 ) :
The net neutrality landscape has changed in the last few years , and not for the better .
Here 's a discussion about EFF 's updated stance and here 's our issue page , with links to our most recent blog posts .
On Thursday , Federal Communications Commission ( FCC ) Chairman Julius Genachowski is expected to unveil draft rules aimed at imposing network neutrality obligations on Internet Service Providers ( ISPs ) .
In the excitement surrounding the announcement , however , many have overlooked the fact that the this rulemaking is built on a shoddy and dangerous foundation – the idea that the FCC has unlimited authority to regulate the Internet .
Genachowski has announced that the draft regulations will require ISPs to abide by the " Four Freedoms " set forth in the FCC 's 2005 Internet Policy Statement , as well as the additional principles of nondiscrimination and transparency .
EFF strongly believes in these six principles .
Our work speaks for itself : we are developing software tools to Test Your ISP in the wake of uncovering Comcast ’s meddling with BitTorrent traffic , seeking a DMCA exemption to let you run applications of your choice on your mobile phone , and fighting Hollywood ’s efforts to force DRM restrictions into your television .
But Congress has never given the FCC any authority to regulate the Internet for the purpose of ensuring net neutrality .
In place of explicit congressional authority , we expect the FCC will rely on its " ancillary jurisdiction , " a position that amounts to “ we can regulate the Internet however we like without waiting for Congress to act . ”
( See , e.g. , the FCC 's brief to a court earlier this year ) .
That ’s a power grab that would leave the Internet subject to the regulatory whims of the FCC long after Chairman Genachowski leaves his post .
Hence the danger .
If “ ancillary jurisdiction ” is enough for net neutrality regulations ( something we might like ) today , it could just as easily be invoked tomorrow for any other Internet regulation that the FCC dreams up ( including things we wo n’t like ) .
For example , it does n't take much imagination to envision a future FCC " Internet Decency Statement . "
After all , outgoing FCC Chairman Martin was a crusader against " indecency " on the airwaves and it was the FCC that punished Pacifica radio for playing George Carlin ’s “ seven dirty words ” monologue , something you can easily find on the Internet .
And it's also too easy to imagine an FCC " Internet Lawful Use Policy , " created at the behest of the same entertainment lobby that has long been pressing the FCC to impose DRM on TV and radio , with ISPs required or encouraged to filter or otherwise monitor their users to ensure compliance .
After all , it was only thanks to a jurisdictional challenge -- ironically , by many of the same groups currently celebrating Genachowski's rulemaking announcement -- that we defeated the FCC's " broadcast flag " mandate which would have given Hollywood and federal bureaucrats veto power over innovative devices and legitimate uses of recorded TV programming .
EFF 's concerns are born from more than just a general skepticism about government regulation of the Internet .
Experience shows that the FCC is particularly vulnerable to regulatory capture and has a history of ignoring grassroots public opinion ( see , e.g. , media consolidation ) .
That makes the agency a poor choice for restraining the likes of Comcast and AT&T .
Fortunately , there are two opportunities to rein in the FCC ’s expansive views of its own “ ancillary jurisdiction . ”
A federal court is considering this important question as part of Comcast 's challenge to the FCC 's order last year regarding interference with BitTorrent traffic ( PFF filed a strong amicus brief in the case , arguing against the FCC 's power grab ) .
Or Congress could limit the FCC 's power by authorizing to regulate only to ensure network neutrality .
So while we look forward to evaluating Chairman Genachowski ’s proposed net neutrality regulations , the first step must be a clear rejection of any suggestion that those regulations can be based on “ ancillary jurisdiction . ”
Otherwise , " net neutrality " might very well come to be remembered as the Trojan Horse that allowed the FCC take over the Internet .
The Internet 's largest image repository of crappy and awesome taxidermy .
Now in its seventh year .
Say hello or direct your queries to :
crappytaxidermy@gmail.com
Enter your e-mail to subscribe to book updates , and general news .
Subscribe
Our new book , titled Crap Taxidermy , is out now !
A big shout out to Octopus Books & Ten Speed Press for turning this Tumblr into a book .
Thanks for all the support !
Contrary to popular belief , some very smart , accomplished people cannot read well .
This unexpected difficulty in reading in relation to intelligence , education and professional status is called dyslexia , and researchers at Yale School of Medicine and University of California Davis , have presented new data that explain how otherwise bright and intelligent people struggle to read .
The study , which will be published in the January 1 , 2010 issue of the journal Psychological Science , provides a validated definition of dyslexia .
" For the first time , we 've found empirical evidence that shows the relationship between IQ and reading over time differs for typical compared to dyslexic readers , " said Sally E. Shaywitz , M.D. , the Audrey G. Ratner Professor in Learning Development at Yale School of Medicine 's Department of Pediatrics , and co-director of the newly formed Yale Center for Dyslexia and Creativity .
Using data from the Connecticut Longitudinal Study , an ongoing 12 - year study of cognitive and behavioral development in a representative sample of 445 Connecticut schoolchildren , Shaywitz and her team tested each child in reading every year and tested for IQ every other year .
They were looking for evidence to show how the dissociation between cognitive ability and reading ability might develop in children .
The researchers found that in typical readers , IQ and reading not only track together , but also influence each other over time .
But in children with dyslexia , IQ and reading are not linked over time and do not influence one another .
This explains why a dyslexic can be both bright and not read well .
" I 've seen so many children who are struggling to read but have a high IQ , " said Shaywitz .
" Our findings of an uncoupling between IQ and reading , and the influence of this uncoupling on the developmental trajectory of reading , provide evidence to support the concept that dyslexia is an unexpected difficulty with reading in children who otherwise have the intelligence to learn to read . "
Typical readers learn how to associate letters with a specific sound .
" All they have to do is look at the letters and it's automatic , " Shaywitz explained .
" It 's like breathing ; you do n't have to tell your lungs to take in air .
In dyslexia , this process remains manual . "
Each time a dyslexic sees a word , it 's as if they 've never seen it before .
People with dyslexia have to read slowly , re-read , and sometimes use a marker so they do n't lose their place .
" A key characteristic of dyslexia is that the unexpected difficulty refers to a disparity within the person rather than , for example , a relative weakness compared to the general population , " said co-author Bennett A. Shaywitz , M.D. , the Charles and Helen Schwab Professor in Dyslexia and Learning Development and co-director of the Yale Center for Dyslexia and Creativity .
Sally Shaywitz estimates that one in five people are dyslexic and points to many accomplished writers , physicians and attorneys with dyslexia who struggle with the condition in their daily lives , including Carol Greider , the 2009 Nobel laureate in medicine .
She hopes to dispel many of the myths surrounding the condition .
" High - performing dyslexics are very intelligent , often out - of - the box thinkers and problem - solvers , " she said .
" The neural signature for dyslexia is seen in children and adults .
You do n't outgrow dyslexia .
Once you 're diagnosed , it is with you for life . "
Shaywitz also stresses that the problem is with both basic spoken and written language .
People with dyslexia take a long time to retrieve words , so they might not speak or read as fluidly as others .
In students , the time pressure around standardized tests like the SATs and entrance exams for professional schools increases anxiety and can make dyslexia worse , so the need for accommodations is key in helping those with the disorder realize their potential , she says .
###
Other authors on the study include Emilio Ferrer at the University of California Davis and John M. Holahan and Karen Marchione at Yale School of Medicine .
The study was funded by the National Institute of Child Health and Human Development , the National Science Foundation , and the National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke .
Citation : Psychological Science ( January 1 , 2010 )
The announcement a week ago of 10.2 % unemployment is a significant political event for President Barack Obama .
It could well usher in a particularly serious crisis for his political standing , influence and ability to advance his agenda .
Double - digit unemployment drove Ronald Reagan 's disapproval ratings in October 1982 up to a record high 54 % .
It was only when unemployment dropped to 7.3 % , roughly two years later , that he was able to win a landslide victory over Democratic challenger Walter Mondale in the 1984 presidential election .
Similarly , Franklin Roosevelt 's success in the 1930s in reducing the 25 % unemployment rate he inherited down to the mid-teens was almost certainly responsible for his success in the 1934 midterm elections and in the 1936 presidential elections .
Mr. Obama faces a similar challenge .
A detailed look at the available survey data suggests that the difficulties may be more substantial than those suggested by the recent off - year elections .
Mr. Obama 's approval among likely voters has dropped to the low - 50s in most polls , and the most recent Rasmussen Reports poll of likely voters shows him slightly below the 50 % mark .
This is a relatively low rating for new presidents .
Mr. Obama 's approval rating began to slide in a serious way in early July , triggered by a bad unemployment report .
After the pomp and circumstance of Thanksgiving — the colossal turkey , the countless pies , the fancy china that must be hand - washed — it 's nice to enjoy a relaxed meal or two in front of the TV with a plate on your lap and your feet on the coffee table .
What could be better than watching the game with a big bowl of chili , or a pile of nachos smothered in seven - layer dip ?
All that spicy beef and gooey cheese calls for a hearty bread for sopping , crumbling , and wiping plates clean , so this week I tested out Trader Joe 's Beer Bread Mix ( $ 1.99 ) .
It 's the stuff of Homer Simpson 's dreams .
The first step was choosing the right beer .
I recalled reading an article on beer bread in Cook 's Country magazine that suggested using a light , American - style lager like Budweiser .
I considered this , but decided that I wanted something a bit bolder .
I was n't just using the beer to leaven to bread ; I wanted to be able to taste the malt .
My next thought was to use a very dark beer , like a Guinness or a stout , which is a common ingredient in many gingerbread recipes .
But this was n't dessert ; I wanted a savory loaf that would pair well with soups and meaty main dishes .
Finally , I settled on Dale 's Pale Ale , which is a medium - hopped IPA from Colorado .
I thought it would be flavorful but not overpowering .
Aside from 12 ounces of beer , the only other addition to the mix was 1 /4 cup of melted butter , to be poured over the prepared batter once it was in the pan .
Half a stick seemed like a lot of butter to me .
Nevertheless , I poured it in and watched it run to the corners of the pan and settle in golden pools .
I slid my buttery beer concoction into the oven set my kitchen timer for 45 minutes .
After only 30 minutes the top of my loaf was quite toasty and brown .
I gave it a gentle tap and it sounded hollow .
Hmm .
Should I take it out now , or leave it in for the full baking time ?
I decided to stick the instructions , and let the bread bake for another 15 minutes .
The bread emerged heavy for its size and smelling like , well , Land o' Lakes .
I let it cool and then cut it into thick slices .
The edges broke apart in fat crumbs and the interior was dense and moist .
I took a bite .
Thanks to the butter , the crust was crisp and utterly irresistible .
The center was a bit chewy , but it tasted pleasingly of malt .
I served it to some friends on a Sunday night , alongside bowls of chili and in front of a football game .
Everyone thought it was delicious , commenting on its hearty texture and rich , yeasty flavor .
In fact , they took seconds and thirds until nothing was left but one lone end piece .
In my book , that 's the sign of a successful loaf .
All products linked here have been independently selected by our editors .
We may earn a commission on purchases , as described in our affiliate policy .
CCENT Cheatsheets are provided free with every purchase of CCENT Exam Simulator or Network Simulator .
The CertExams simulators are offered in two modes .
A. Online version , and b. Downloadable version .
In the online version , a user need to take the tests online after logging in to the website ( Internet connectivity is required ) .
In the download version , a user may download the examsim , and take the test on his / her desktop computer .
" I have been using the Wendell Odom / Pearson IT Practice exams so I was shocked how different the exam was using simlets and testlets .
I think your exam simulator is excellent and I am very pleased with it and the price was good value too .
The cheat sheet is very good too " - Richard H
CCNA Exam Simulator 200 - 125 Practice Test Features
Exam # 100 - 105 Exam Name CCENT ™ ( Cisco® Certified Entry Network Technician ) Number of questions 45 - 55 ( Actual Certification Exam )
250 + questions will be available with CertExams.com exam simulator .
Time allowed 90 minutes Passing score 849 Exam Format Form based Register for exam at VUE Prometric Exam objectives Click here for official web site .
Other details Skills required for the CCNA exam : " Install , configure and operate simple routed LAN , routed WAN and switched LAN networks . "
Books Recommended Click Here
Please contact sales [ at] certexams.com for academic pricing for bulk licenses .
* It is recommended that you verify with the official Web site for current and exact information .
Retired Exams :
CCENT 100-101
CCENT 640-822
Tags
Congressmen Ron Paul and Alan Grayson seek to bring more transparency and accountability to the U.S. central bank and " to subject the Fed 's monetary policy and discount - lending actions to an audit by the Government Accounting Office ( GAO ) . "
In opposition to these efforts to audit the Federal Reserve System , some 270 economists [ XLS ] have signed an " Open Letter " [ DOC ] arguing that " Economic theory and a massive body of empirical evidence provide strong support for the independence of central banks in their conduct of monetary policy . "
We beg to differ .
Economic theory suggests that unaccountable , legally protected monopolies are inefficient .
Without monitoring , governance , competition , and feedback such organizations make bad decisions and tend to be captured by special interests .
Why should central banks be any different ?
Empirical evidence suggests that unaccountable central banks misallocate resources and retard economic growth .
Since 1913 , the year the Fed was created , the dollar has lost 95 % of its value .
Easy credit from the Fed has made the US economy debt - dependent .
It has encouraged irresponsible investment on financial markets and elsewhere .
It has redistributed real incomes on a massive scale from the general population to the Fed ’s main business partners : banks , financial firms , and government .
It has not stabilized the American economy , but has made it much more fragile and prone to severe crises such as the present one .
Put simply : the Fed is a government central planning agency , and it performs about as well as every government central planning agency in history .
Banking – whether commercial banking or central banking – works best when it is competitive , transparent , and responsible .
The more central banking is shielded from public scrutiny and protected from the rule of civil law , the more damaging it becomes for the economy and society .
The Fed has had one great success : it is by far the largest funder of academic research in monetary and macroeconomics , employing hundreds of economists , financing conferences and seminars , providing paid consultancies , and so on .
Is it any wonder that the majority of academic monetary and macroeconomists support the status quo ?
The Fed is in need of serious reform and should be subject to competition and accountability .
The Paul - Grayson bill is a welcome first step toward this goal .
American citizens have a right to demand the same standards of transparency and responsibility from the Fed as other government agencies .
A government bureaucracy that cannot function unless it is shrouded in secrecy and is not held accountable to the elected representatives of the people has no place in a free society .
Note Also joining me in signing this statement are Joseph Salerno ( Pace University ) , Mark Thornton ( Mises Institute ) , Hans - Hermann Hoppe ( emeritus , UNLV ) , Samuel Bostaph ( University of Dallas ) , Shawn Ritenour ( Grove city College ) , Jeffrey Herbener ( Grove City College ) , Peter Klein ( University of Missouri ) , William Anderson ( Frostburg State University ) , Walter Block ( Loyola University New Orleans ) , Murray Sabrin ( Ramapo College ) , Mark Brandly ( Ferris State University ) , John Cochran ( Metropolitan State College of Denver ) , Richard Wilcke ( University of Louisville ) , Robert Higgs ( Independent Review ) , and all others who sign at this link .
Apple has set in motion the manufacturing of a tablet computer , with a launch target of next March or April , according to Yair Reiner , an analyst with investment banker Oppenheimer .
Reiner made detailed claims for the much - anticipated device in a note distributed to clients on Wednesday .
( Oppenheimer has n't responded yet to a request for a copy of the report , but excerpts from it are being cited in online stories and blogs . )
" The manufacturing cogs for the tablet are creaking into action , " Reiner wrote , according to a Fortune post by Philip Elmer - DeWitt .
Quiz :
So you think you know Apple ?
Reiner bases his predictions on information from a variety of sources in the consumer electronics supply chain .
Though some , like PC World 's Ian Paul in this recent screed , do n't even believe the tablet exists except as a fanboy fantasy .
Network World 's iOnApple blogger Yoni Heisler freely admits he does n't know if the Apple tablet exists , but says the rumors he 's heard are intriguing and that the large - format touch device might prove as revolutionary as the iPhone .
Others wonder if consumers will actually want a tablet , given the ever - lower cost of high - powered notebooks , the rise of compact netbooks , and the growing sophistication of smartphones , the iPhone chief among them .
Microsoft has made two - ill - fated attempts to mainstream the tablet form factor , which has found a niche only in some narrow vertical markets .
Reiner 's assertions are unusually specific compared with much of the other feverish tablet speculation .
According to several accounts based on his research note , Reiner forecasts that Apple wants to build up to 1 million tablet computers monthly .
He also says Apple has finally opted for a 10.1 - inch multi - touch screen , based on the iPhone 's LCD technology ( there had been speculation it would opt for OLED , a more pricey display ) .
Reiner is forecasting an average sales price of $ 1,000 for the Tablet .
The 13.3 - inch MacBook notebook is priced at $ 999 .
He makes a conservative assumption that Apple could move 1 million to 1.5 million units per quarter and wring out an average net income margin of 22 % .
Perhaps more intriguingly , though again Reiner is n't the first to suggest this , he claims that Apple has been in talks with an array of book publishers , enticing them to distribute their content for the tablet , rather than Amazon 's Kindle ebook reader .
Reiner says the publishers are open to the idea because of dissatisfaction with the contract terms exacted by Amazon for content suppliers on the Kindle .
In November , it was revealed that Apple had filed a patent application for a pen-based mobile device , re-igniting the persistent tablet rumors .
This story , " Apple Tablet Gearing Up for March 2010 Release " was originally published by Network World .
People facing criminal charges and people facing a difficult family law matter have at least one thing in common : they need a proven attorney advocating for their rights .
At The Baker Law Firm , LLC , in Phoenix , we represent individuals and families throughout Arizona in a broad range of criminal defense and family law matters .
You can rely on our firm for honest counsel and attentive service as you face legal issues that have the potential to impact every part of your life .
While the major record labels were dragging file - sharers and BitTorrent sites to court for copyright infringement , they were themselves being sued by a conglomerate of artists for exactly the same offenses .
Warner , Sony BMG , EMI and Universal face up to $ 6 billion in damages for pirating a massive 300,000 tracks .
It is no secret that the major record labels have a double standard when it comes to copyright .
On the one hand they try to put operators of BitTorrent sites in jail and ruin the lives of single mothers and students by demanding hundreds of thousands of dollars in fines , and on the other they sell CDs containing music for which they have n’t obtained copyright permission .
In the past we ’ve covered many disputes between artists and labels , where the latter is being accused or even sued for using songs without permission .
Just a few months ago Latin America ’s biggest artist , Alejandro Fernández , sent the police to a Sony Music office to confiscate over 6,000 CDs that the label refused to return , and this is just the tip of the iceberg .
The labels have made a habit of using songs from a wide variety of artists for compilation CDs without securing the rights .
They simply use the recording and make note of it on “ pending list ” so they can deal with it later .
This has been going on since the 1980s and since then the list of unpaid tracks ( or copyright infringements ) has grown to 300,000 .
Growing tired of the labels ’ piracy , a group of artists have filed a class - action lawsuit in Canada against four major labels connected to the CRIA , the local equivalent of the RIAA .
In October last year Warner Music , Sony BMG Music , EMI Music and Universal Music were sued for illegal use of thousands of tracks and at present the case is still underway .
How and why this blatant copyright infringement could go on for years is a mystery , but the labels ’ double standard has been picked up by the plaintiffs as well .
“ The conduct of the defendant record companies is aggravated by their strict and unremitting approach to the enforcement of their copyright interests against consumers , ” the artists argue in their claim for damages .
The suit is still ongoing but already the labels have admitted to owing at least $ 50 million for infringing the rights of artists , and this figure could grow as high as 6 billion .
So who are the real pirates here ?
Update :
The correct figure is 6 instead of 60 billion .
A crowd gathers to gawk at a huge spaceship that has appeared in the sky over Manhattan .
The bottom of the ship turns into a screen ( à la “ Blade Runner ” ) showing the leader of the alien visitors .
She announces that they mean us no harm , that they just need some water and a mineral “ common and abundant on Earth ” before they shove off .
The assembled New Yorkers digest this , look at one another  and start to applaud .
That ’s an early scene in “ V , ” the new science - fiction series beginning on Tuesday on ABC , and the only logical reaction to it is : on what planet does that happen ?
Certainly not ours , where a more natural reaction would be “ Who does she think she ’s kidding ? ” or words to that effect .
Applause makes sense on Planet Television , where the producers of “ V ”  working with the premise that only an underground network of rebel humans suspects the visitors ’ true intentions  need the aliens to win over the rest of humanity before the third commercial break .
It ’s a small point , but it ’s indicative of a larger problem .
The ideas in “ V , ” about alien encounters and mass delusion and media manipulation , are enticing .
It ’s too bad that they ’re floating around in a show that at this early stage , is so slapdash and formulaic in its storytelling .
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Jenson Button was appointed Member of the British Empire by the Queen after taking this year 's Formula 1 world championship crown .
The Briton won his first title after scoring six victories with the Brawn GP team , before moving to rival McLaren from the 2010 season .
Button 's former team boss Ross Brawn was also honoured and will be appointed Officer of the British Empire ( OBE ) in the New Year 's honours list .
" This really is the crowning glory to what has been the most incredible year of my life , " Button said .
" To be recognised by the Queen and the British people is a tremendous honour . "
The NHL is considering a move that would change the name of some individual awards to honour some of the game 's all - time greats , CBC Hockey Night in Canada analyst Glenn Healy says .
" It started as a whisper , " Healy said during the Hotstove segment on Saturday night 's telecast , " but I think it 's grown into something that they are [ seriously ] going to take a look at . "
Here is the list of the proposed changes , with the current trophy names and new suggestions , according to Healy :
Hart ( most valuable player ) — Gordie Howe .
Art Ross ( most points ) — Wayne Gretzky .
Calder ( top rookie ) — Mario Lemieux .
James Norris ( top defenceman ) — Bobby Orr .
Lady Byng ( most gentlemanly player ) — Jean Beliveau .
Jack Adams ( coach of the year ) — Scotty Bowman .
Naming trophies after former players is nothing new .
In the 1998 - 99 season , the NHL introduced the Maurice ( Rocket ) Richard trophy — named after one of the greatest scorers in Montreal Canadiens ' history — for the player who scores the most goals .
The award for top goaltender is named after another former Hab , Georges Vezina .
Time to pay tribute
It 's about time the NHL made further changes to pay tribute to those who made history on the ice , rather than in the boardrooms , Healy said .
" The award for best defenceman is currently named after a [ former Detroit Red Wings ] owner .
Give me a break , " he said .
Most people do n't even know who Lady Byng ( the wife of Gov. Gen. Viscount Byng of Vimy ) was , he added .
But the proposed changes are likely to face plenty of opposition .
" This is about the history of the game , " HNIC analyst Mike Milbury said .
" I know the players are a big part of it , but there are some other people in the business that had something to do with it .
The names are good , they run with history .
Leave it alone . "
" I hate it , too , " HNIC host Ron MacLean added .
After the 1992 - 93 season , the NHL changed the name of its divisions , replacing the historically based names of Norris , Patrick , Adams and Smythe , with geographical names .
There was some criticism at the time , since many fans felt that the division names were rooted in Canadian history .
In case you 're wondering , there are no indications the NHL plans to tinker with the name of the Stanley Cup .
Savard extension questioned
In another development , a complicated financial matter is likely to dominate the NHL 's front office over the coming days and , perhaps , weeks .
The league is expected to launch an investigation and a formal challenge to the contract extension offered to Marc Savard by the Boston Bruins , HNIC contributor Pierre LeBrun said .
The seven - year , $ 28.5 - million US deal looks fishy to the NHL because it goes all the way to 2017 , when Savard will be pushing 40 , and he 'll likely be retired .
Savard will be making $ 7 million , $ 7 million , $ 6.5 million , and $ 5 million for the first four years .
Then there 's a huge drop off .
The final two years of the contract call for Savard to make a paltry $ 525,000 a season .
The length of the contract brings down the average salary per year , as it pertains to the salary cap .
The NHL feels that the way the contract is structured violates the spirit of the collective bargaining agreement , LeBrun said .
Drama off of Israel 's shores :
An Israeli Navy commando force seized control over a suspicious vessel in the early hours of Wednesday morning , which was found to be carrying weapons .
The ship is believed to have come for Iran , destined for Hezbollah in Lebanon and meant to dock in Syria .
The incident took place some 150 kilometers off the coast , near Cyprus .
A fleet of smaller ships approached the vessel , sailing under the Antiguan flag , and boarded it .
The crew members showed no resistance .
The ship was found to be carrying at least five containers of ammunition and weapons , under the guise of a civilian delivery .
The cargo included rockets , grenades , mortar shells and missiles .
" This could be bigger than Karin - A , " a military source said .
The ship at Ashdod Port ( Photo : PAR )
After an initial inspection , the ship was lead to the Ashdod Port for additional inspection and a more thorough examination of the cargo it stored .
Part of the Ashdod Port was closed off Wednesday morning following the incident .
The IDF stressed that intensive efforts are made on a daily basis to foil the smuggling of weapons , even at sea .
The navy and intelligence monitored the situation a number of days before the takeover .
The site of the operation was determined in advance , and it was carried out with the authorization of the highest ranks in Israel .
Defense Minister Ehud Barak said after the incident that the capture of the ship prevented the smuggling of weapons and ammunition to " the northern terror scene " .
Barak praised the chief of staff and the navy commander for their success , and said this was " another success against the terror organization 's attempts to arm themselves . "
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu also praised the IDF for its conduct .
The best known case of a weapons ship to be seized by the IDF in the Mediterranean Sea is the Karin - A ship , which the IDF gained control over in January 2002 .
Dozens of tons of weapons of all sorts were found on the ship , all on their way from Iran to the Gaza Strip .
Barnes & Noble might be pitching the Nook to the literary set , but it turns out the Android - based dual - screen reader is pretty hacker - friendly as well : both the OS and filesystem are stored on a microSD card .
That means the newly - formed crew at nookdevs has already managed to root what they describe as the " generic " Android 1.5 build that 's hidden under the Nook 's navigation UI , and they say the device can do " everything a rooted Android phone can do . "
That 's certainly intriguing , especially since the Nook has a data - only AT&T 3G modem and WiFi to go along with that capacitive touchscreen and E Ink display -- can you say " potential " ?
[ Thanks ,
Andy ]
Knoji reviews products and up - and - coming brands we think you 'll love .
In certain cases , we may receive a commission from brands mentioned in our guides .
Learn more .
Randevum.com is one of the well - known online dating sites in Turkey .
It is designed not only to find partners but also make friends from every city and ethnicity .
Like Siberalem.com and arkadas.com , it is designed as a search and find method .
First , users complete a sign - up form .
Then they are accepted as free members , or in another name , standard members .
Standard members are limited users .
They can use the search part limitedly , and can't send other members or only send a limited number of messages .
However , they have the right to get messages from others and reply to those messages freely .
To gain silver , golden and platinum memberships , they pay money monthly or annually .
After payment is made and verified by admins , membership status shifts to the new one .
These levels of members are shown in top searches .
They become completely free to dispatch messages .
Payments are made by credit card or bank account .
Members can contact each other by voice chat and web cam .
Unlike other online dating programs , randevum.com provides online playing game service .
Members play chess , backgammon and card games .
With the help of advanving technology , members can also communicate by WAP - supported mobile phones .
Members can send not only online but also offline video and voice messages .
Trust , love , fun and also respect are most critical parameters in friendships and relationships .
If someone wants to break the rules of Randevum , admins warn them and address the terms and conditions .
Randevum has very strict rules to keep their members safe .
They aim to guarantee to give high quality friendships .
I am sure they take into account the human nature and philosophy of male - female relationships .
There are many people who meet on Randevum.com and decide to meet in real life and even get married .
Sometimes , I think that such sites are necessary to support shy or unself - confident individuals .
I believe that some people have real difficulty in expressing theirselves and they do that only by writing .
In this way , such individuals may go beyond the limits of their personalities .
Do n't forget that , not only speaking but also writing is a good way of communicating .
In a nutshell , we as individuals need others around us to share life and our thoughts .
Online dating sites help to find soulmates in such times .
Randevum is only one of these to dare us to walk on that road to happiness .
On June 27th , 2018 Michael Jackson 's dad passed on from a bout of cancer .
Although he was very rough with his children and yes abused then .
But if it wasn ...
In New South Wales , laws that restrict young people from using air rifles at shooting ranges are being targeted by the small but powerful Shooters Party .
It will introduce what it says are common sense amendments to the next sittings of Parliament to allow kids under 12 to go shooting with their families .
But the Coalition for Gun Control says it is a dangerous scenario and has accused the gun lobby group of trying to recruit young people .
Roy Smith from the Shooters Party says many shooting families would like to see children under 12 with a gun .
" [ We 've ] got lots of families who shoot together as a sport - adults and juniors - and we 've had a significant number of people asking us to remove the age restrictions so that younger siblings can shoot air rifles alongside their older brothers and sisters , " he said .
Mr Smith says the restrictions in NSW are nonsense and he is trying to change the law so that kids under 12 can use their rifles under adult supervision at target ranges .
" There 's a restriction that really only applies in some states of Australia , not all states , " he said .
" Most states have legislation allowing juniors to shoot on approved shooting ranges and the legislation we have in Australia , with respect to air rifles , is probably unique around the world . "
The private members bill will be introduced at the next sittings of NSW Parliament .
Mr Smith says he is confident he will get the support of the Government and Opposition .
" We 're talking about juniors receiving instructions by a licensed adult on an approved target range , " he said .
" There 's absolutely no risk whatsoever to anyone within the community , and in fact the benefits are significant because we 're getting juniors and we 're teaching them sensibility and responsibility at an early age , rather than waiting until they get an opportunity or try to find an opportunity to do something the wrong way . "
' Dangerous and absurd '
But Mr Smith 's argument concerns the Coalition for Gun Control 's Samantha Lee .
She says the move is dangerous and absurd .
" Young people in New South Wales , they can't drive a car until they 're 16 , they can't drink alcohol or smoke cigarettes until they 're 18 and it's absurd to think that they may be able to use a firearm when they 're 10 years of age , " she said .
" When you think of air rifles , they 're kind of lighter firearms , it 's a bit like introducing young people to light cigarettes and hoping they 'll move on to full strength cigarettes in the long - term .
" Martin Bryant , the perpetrator or the Port Arthur massacre , began training with air rifles and then moved onto semi-automatic firearms and this is our concern with introducing young people to firearms at such an early age . "
Mr Smith rejects that criticism .
" That shows the unrealistic nature and stupidity of these people on just how far they will go in an attempt to paint responsible law abiding firearm owners as being irresponsible and I 'm sure most people in the community will see this in a sensible light , " he said .
NSW Police Minister Michael Daley was unavailable for an interview but in a statement , he said the Government is working through the complex and detailed policy ideas .
He says it is important to strike the right balance between allowing for responsible shooting sports and making sure that young people are strictly supervised on shooting ranges .
The Shooting Party 's numbers in the Upper House of Parliament allow the NSW Labor Government to stay in power .
And NSW Greens MP Lee Rhiannon says the party 's campaign is part of a bigger agenda .
She says it is in a strong position to negotiate with the NSW Government , which needs its support for key legislation .
" I remain concerned that the latest push from the Shooters MPs to weaken gun control measures that make it easier for young people to shoot in New South Wales could be part of their wider agenda , " she said .
" Which is they get a win , in return if the Government grants that , they will then work with the Government on passing unpopular legislation . "
CHICAGO - A Chicago man could be unwrapping the hundreds of Christmas gifts spread around his apartment for days , even weeks .
Trouble is , they are n't really presents .
They 're his own belongings meticulously wrapped by friends as a prank while he was out of town .
Louie Saunders ' packages contain everything from couch cushions to the beer in his refrigerator .
His friend Adal Rifai masterminded the scheme after Saunders gave him a spare key .
It took 16 people , 35 rolls of wrapping paper and eight hours to finish the job .
Saunders tells the Chicago Sun - Times he 's only been able to unwrap about 10 percent of the packages .
He jokes that the upside is that , with each package he unwraps , he finds something inside that 's just what he needs .
Fighting games have left an indelible mark in the video game world .
From arcades , computers , consoles and now mobile devices , fighters have been a staple of gamers around the world .
Game developers and publishers are now producing fighting games that you can play on your chosen mobile platform .
If you are looking for suggestions , here are the top 20 fighting games for your mobile devices .
Before we start the list , let ’s talk about fighting games for mobile platforms .
Yes , compared to traditional platforms , companies have to be creative in how they implement fighting game mechanics .
Unlike in consoles , it is hard to map out conventional control schemes for mobile fighters .
That is why you ’ve seen the incorporation of pressing and swiping mechanics in most mobile fighting games .
Recently , some games have added features from other genres and break away from the mold .
Some of these features include gacha rewards and rhythm mechanics .
Fighting games such as Marvel : Contest of Champions and Injustice make use of a combination of these .
Other mobile fighting games such as Tekken and Dragon Ball mixes a little bit of card game mechanics .
These innovations in mobile fighting games allow future installments to be more creative with their control schemes .
With that in mind , we ’ll start listing down the top 20 fighting games for your mobile devices .
We will indicate the stats taken from either google play or the ios app store .
This will include the number of downloads , review scores , availability and if its free or if you need to purchase it .
Old School Favorites
Street Fighter IV : Champion Edition
Downloads : 1,000,000 + ( Google Play )
Review Score : 3.6 stars out of 5 ( Google Play )
Availability : Android and ios compatible
Price :
Free on initial download , full access needs to be purchased separately ( $ 4.99 on ios app store ) .
There ’s no other way to start this list but with the biggest name in the fighting game genre .
Street Fighter is a legendary franchise that has seen its share of memorable characters and moments .
Fans of the franchise wanted a Street Fighter game that they can play anywhere they want and Capcom delivered .
Street Fighter IV : Championship Edition is a free - to - play game but complete access to all modes can be purchased .
Once purchased , players can choose from 32 characters both new and old .
The game features multiple game modes that are available either in single - player or multiplayer .
The game makes use of traditional control via your touchpad but if you prefer the classic route , the game supports Bluetooth controllers .
Fatal Fury Special
Downloads : 10,000 +( Google Play )
Review Score : 3.9 stars out of 5 ( Google Play ) and 4.2 stars out of 5 ( App Store )
Availability : Android and ios compatible
Price : $ 3.99 ( App Store )
One of SNK ’s most popular fighting game franchises , Fatal Fury is now available for mobile players .
Choose from 16 playable characters including series protagonist Terry Bogard or the bad guy himself , Geese Howard .
Fatal Fury Special allows players to choose from either a four - button or six - button layout depending on their preference .
Multiplayer can be accessed via Bluetooth and allows players to face off each other to prove who ’s the better player .
Warner Brothers Fighting Games
Mortal Kombat
Downloads : 50,000,000 +( Google Play )
Review Score : 4.2 stars out of 5 ( Google Play ) and 4.7 stars out of 5 ( App Store )
Availability : Android and ios compatible
Price :
Free with in - app purchases
Mortal Kombat , arguably the most controversial fighting game franchise of all time .
Known for its depictions of brutality and memorable cast of characters , their name has been a staple in the industry .
Mortal Kombat mobile features characters and designs from Mortal Kombat X. Instead of a 1 versus 1 fighter , MK mobile features a 3 versus 3 format that allows players to tag in and out their characters .
The game features multiple game modes and limited time events .
Receiving constant updates , the game now features designs and characters from Mortal Kombat 11 .
Injustice 2
Downloads : 10,000,000 +( Google Play )
Review Score : 4.2 stars out of 5 ( Google Play ) and 4.6 stars out of 5 ( App Store )
Availability : Android and ios compatible
Price :
Free with in - app purchases
Want to play as Superman and beat - up the rest of the Justice League ?
All of that is possible and more when you download Injustice 2 on your mobile devices .
Take control of numerous characters from the pages of DC Comics in an alternate timeline .
Injustice 2 ’s story continues the conflict from its predecessor .
Create your league with your friends to earn more rewards that you can use to upgrade your heroes .
Aside from the main single - player modes , you can also test your mettle when you enter the PVP arena .
Bandai Namco
Dragon Ball Legends
Downloads : 10,000,000 +( Google Play )
Review Score : 4.4 stars out of 5 ( Google Play ) and 4.8 stars out of 5 ( App Store )
Availability : Android and ios compatible
Price :
Free with in - app purchases
Take control of Goku , Gohan , Vegeta and other characters from the Dragon Ball franchise .
Featuring a new story and protagonists , Dragon Ball Legends is an innovative fighting game that makes use of card game mechanics .
Aside from characters , the game allows you to collect different forms of these individuals from different points in the saga .
Once you are done upgrading your dream team , you can then compete with other players from around the world .
Robot Fighting Games
Transformers : Forged to Fight
Downloads : 10,000,000 +( Google Play )
Review Score : 4.6 stars out of 5 ( Google Play ) and 4.7 stars out of 5 ( App Store )
Availability : Android and ios compatible
Price :
Free with in - app purchases
Are you a big fan of fighting games and Transformers ?
Then , Transformers : Forged To Fight is the fighting game for you .
Build a team consisting of Autobots , Dinobots , Maximals , Decepticons , and Predacons and prove your dominance .
Unlock new characters as you play daily and earn more rewards when you complete event quests .
You can also deploy your other Transformers to get rare loots that you can use in the game .
Real Steel : Boxing Champions
Downloads : 10,000,000 +( Google Play )
Review Score : 4.3 stars out of 5 ( Google Play ) and 4.6 stars out of 5 ( App Store )
Availability : Android and ios compatible
Price :
Free with in - app purchases
Real Steel : Boxing Champions is the perfect game for fans of the movie and fighting robots .
Boxing Champions lets players design and configure their robots .
Earn more valuable parts as you play different game modes .
Aside from creating your champion , you can also take control of the robots from the movie .
SNK Fighting Games
Samurai Showdown II
Downloads : 50,000 +( Google Play )
Review Score : 4.4 stars out of 5 ( Google Play ) and 3.6 stars out of 5 ( App Store )
Availability : Android and ios compatible
Price : $ 2.99
One of the original weapons - based fighting game franchises , Samurai Showdown has seen a resurgence in popularity .
This can be attributed to the newest game getting a release .
Fans of the older games can relive the nostalgia as Samurai Showdown II is available to purchase on ios and Android devices .
Choose from 15 swordsmen and prove yourself as a player as you duel with friends in multiplayer mode .
You can also customize your button layouts for an added sense of personalization .
The King of Fighters ‘ 98
Downloads : 100,000 +( Google Play )
Review Score : 4.5 stars out of 5 ( Google Play ) and 4.3 stars out of 5 ( App Store )
Availability : Android and ios compatible
Price : $ 2.99
SNK ’s premier fighting game title has finally landed on ios and Android devices .
The King of Fighters ‘ 98 lets players relive the nostalgia of playing one of the best titles in the series .
Choose from a large array of characters such as Kyo and Iori and dominate the competition .
As with other SNK titles available on mobile devices , multiplayer mode is present via Bluetooth and control schemes can be customized .
Marvel Comics Licensed Fighting Game
Marvel : Contest of Champions
Downloads : 100,000,000 +( Google Play )
Review Score : 4.3 stars out of 5 ( Google Play ) and 4.7 stars out of 5 ( App Store )
Availability : Android and ios compatible
Price :
Free with in - app purchases
Marvel Comics and its properties do n’t need a formal introduction .
Arguably the most famous comic book company right now , it was also one of the widest ranges of mobile video games .
Contest of Champions is a 3v3 fighting game that lets you build your own Marvel dream team .
The game has adopted a gacha rewards system and the more you play , the bigger the chance to unlock stronger characters .
Afraid of having multiple duplicates of one character ?
Fear not as those duplicates can help a lot in upgrading your heroes and villains .
The game features numerous single - player modes that you can earn rewards from .
Team up with your friends and create your alliance to win bigger prizes .
Boxing Games
Real Boxing : Manny Pacquiao
Downloads : 100,000,000 +( Google Play )
Review Score : 4.3 stars out of 5 ( Google Play ) and 3.8 stars out of 5 ( App Store )
Availability : Android and ios compatible
Price :
Free with in - app purchases
Real Boxing might just be the best boxing fighting game available on mobile devices .
This expansion features a fully licensed appearance of boxing great Manny Pacquiao .
You can choose from a number of single - player and multiplayer modes in the games .
Players will have the ability to not only train their boxer but also customize the way they look .
Complete multiple challenges and earn rewards that you can use to upgrade your character .
Prizefighters
Downloads : 1,000,000 +( Google Play )
Review Score : 4.6 stars out of 5 ( Google Play ) and 4.7 stars out of 5 ( App Store )
Availability : Android and ios compatible
Price :
Free with in - app purchases
Are you a fan of old school boxing games such as Punch - Out ?
Then you have to download Prizefighters right now .
Featuring the over the shoulder view that was made famous by Punch - Out a few decades ago , this game is really fun .
Players are allowed to customize their characters as they go up the ranks .
Additional customization options are available in - game which you can buy .
Lastly , this game features 3 different game modes that allow you to earn in - game cash to further improve your fighter .
Players can also choose their control scheme from classic to a more mobile - friendly one .
MMA Games
EA Sports UFC
Downloads : 50,000,000 +( Google Play )
Review Score : 4.4 stars out of 5 ( Google Play ) and 4.7 stars out of 5 ( App Store )
Availability : Android and ios compatible
Price :
Free with in - app purchases
Three letters have been synonymous with the sport of mixed martial arts , the UFC .
Available on both Apple and Android devices , EA Sports UFC is the most realistic MMA sim on the market .
Showcasing a huge roster of fighters that include champions and contenders from different weight divisions .
Aside from its roster , EA Sports UFC boasts a great control scheme that allows you to throw combos and lock on submissions to end the fight .
This game is without a doubt one of the best mobile fighting games that you can download right now .
MMA Fighting Clash
Downloads : 5,000,000 +( Google Play )
Review Score : 4 stars out of 5 ( Google Play ) and 4.5 stars out of 5 ( App Store )
Availability : Android and ios compatible
Price :
Free with in - app purchases
Want an alternative to EA Sports UFC ?
Then , MMA Fighting Clash is the game for you .
Boasting multiple game modes and a robust customization system , this is a great fighting game to try out .
Control schemes are simple yet different from other MMA sims on mobile .
Each fighter on the roster has their own strengths and weaknesses that makes everyone different .
Brawler Fighting Games
Mayhem Combat
Downloads : 500,000 +( Google Play )
Review Score : 3.9 stars out of 5 ( Google Play ) and 4.7 stars out of 5 ( App Store )
Availability : Android and ios compatible
Price :
Free with in - app purchases
If you are a fan of brawlers such as Super Smash Brothers , then here ’s a mobile fighting game for you .
Mayhem combat takes it to the limit by allowing 10 players to play at once .
Featuring a roster of characters that either use weapons or powers , this game is a lot of fun .
Oh , did we forget these brawls happen in real - time ?
What are you waiting for , download Mayhem Combat on your phone now !
Weapons Based Fighting Games
Shadow Fight 3
Downloads : 50,000,000 +( Google Play )
Review Score : 4.2 stars out of 5 ( Google Play ) and 4.6 stars out of 5 ( App Store )
Availability : Android and ios compatible
Price :
Free with in - app purchases
If you are a fan of weapons - based fighting games , then Shadow Fight 3 is worth a download on your device .
Moving away from the visual presentation of its predecessors , the third game in the franchise now features realistic sprites .
Collect many weapons and modify your fighting style as you play across different game modes .
The game is constantly updated with limited - time events that give out huge rewards to the players .
Terra Fighter 2
Downloads : 5,000,000 +( Google Play )
Review Score : 3.9 stars out of 5 ( Google Play ) and 3.4 stars out of 5 ( App Store )
Availability : Android and ios compatible
Price : Free
Weapons based fighters are usually a different breed of fighting games .
Longer range on attacks and the hitboxes are different .
That is why Terra Fighter 2 is a mobile fighting game that you have to try .
You can choose from a squad of fighters that were inspired by real - life warriors .
Terra Fighter 2 has two major game modes , story mode , and duel .
Unlock new characters and upgrade your warrior to its full potential .
Next Level Mobile Fighting Game
Final Fighter
Downloads : 500,000 +( Google Play )
Review Score : 4.5 stars out of 5 ( Google Play
Availability : Android compatible
Price : Free
Final Fighter is another great option if you are looking for weapons - based fighting games on mobile devices .
Boasting a roster of warriors from different walks of life , this game knows what fun means .
Duel with other players in either 1v1 or 3v3 battles that happen in real - time .
Final Fighter features a story mode that highlights the struggle between humans and hybrids .
What are you waiting for , download this game now !
Other Fighting Games
Dinosaur Fighters
Downloads : 100,000 +( Google Play )
Review Score : 4.3 stars out of 5 ( Google Play ) and 4.6 stars out of 5 ( App Store )
Availability : Android and ios compatible
Price : Free
Ever wondered how a fighting game featuring dinosaurs would look like ?
Well , what if I tell you that there is a game which is an answer to that question .
Dinosaur Fighters features characters that were inspired by real - life dinosaurs .
You can now witness dinosaurs performing combos and special moves through your mobile devices .
Take control of more than 30 fighters which you can unlock while playing the game .
Fighting Tiger – Liberal
Downloads : 10,000,000 +( Google Play )
Review Score : 5 stars out of 5 ( Google Play )
Availability : Android compatible
Price : Free
If you are looking for a fighting game with story and beat em up mechanics , then Fighting Tiger – Liberal is for you .
Take control of Gin and make sure he gets out of his gang .
Featuring different fighting styles that all combine to form Gin ’s fighting style .
The control scheme allows you to attack and defend with minimal problems .
Help
Gin get a chance at a new life by downloading this game now .
Real News Network report , November 5 , 2009 : `US - brokered agreement looks to have strengthened coup instead of reversing it '
See also ``Honduras :
Why the resistance will boycott the November 29 election ; Zelaya on accord ' '
By Stuart Munckton
November 8 , 2009 --
The accord signed on October 30 to resolve the crisis that has brought Honduras to a standstill since the June 28 military coup has collapsed .
The coup leader Roberto Micheletti has continued to refuse to accept the accord ’s insistence that elected President Manuel Zelaya be reinstated .
On November 6 , the AFP wire service reported Zelaya said the deal had collapsed because the regime had violated it by forming a “ national unity ” government without his participation .
“ The accord now has no value ” , Zelaya said .
He urged his supporters to continue protesting in the streets .
As a result of the accord ’s collapse , Zelaya and the mass - based National Resistance Front against the Coup have both said they will not participate in , nor recognise the results of , the November 29 elections being organised by the coup regime .
AFP reported Zelaya saying : “ I ’m not ready to legitimise a fraud ... nor to whitewash this coup . ”
The mass movement of the poor majority of Honduras against the elite - organised coup has now exceeded 130 days of street protests , strikes , road blockades and occupations .
It continues to face brutal repression from the police and military , with thousands detained and dozens killed or disappeared .
With the economy losing millions of dollars every day and the regime nearly totally isolated internationally , the coup leaders finally signed an accord after weeks of negotiations on October 30 that included agreeing to Zelaya ’s reinstatement as president .
The regime was also under pressure because no government or international institution had said it would accept the outcome of the November 29 polls unless the legitimate president was restored .
The accord committed Zelaya and the coup regime to forming a government of “ national unity ” with Zelaya as its head .
But it also excluded any moves to call a constituent assembly to rewrite the constitution , the issue that sparked the coup and that the mass resistance strongly supports .
The accord had still needed to be approved by the Honduran congress .
US backs coup makers
The United States , which refused to cut off all aid or military ties to the coup regime , did not even wait for Congress to vote or for the accord to be implemented before it announced an agreement was struck for it to recognise the November 29 polls .
US - Venezuelan lawyer and author Eva Golinger said in a November 2 article at Chavezcode.com that , as soon as the accord was signed , the US “ lifted the few restrictions it had imposed on the coup regime ” .
For its part , the National Resistance Front against the Coup , while welcoming the agreement for Zelaya to be returned , insisted it would still push for a constituent assembly and for an end to the repression .
The National Resistance Front against the Coup issued a statement on November 5 ( see below ) saying that it would continue with its planned boycott of the November 29 polls unless congress agreed to Zelaya ’s reinstatement by midnight .
In a November 4 statement , Civil Council of Popular and Indigenous Organisations of Honduras ( COPINH ) , which is part of the National Resistance Front against the Coup , described the accord as “ a trap ” ( see below ) .
It said it had “ no faith in the negotiation commission of the coup regime ” and denounced “ the malicious and intentional attitude of the government of the United States of America ” .
It said the US took “ ambiguous positions but behind the scenes have supported the coup - makers and if not how can they explain that in the kidnapping of President Manuel Zelaya Rosales they used the [ US - run ] Palmerola base ? ”
[ This article first appeared in Green Left Weekly , issue # 817 , November 11 , 2009 . ]
Communiqué No. 33 of the National Resistance Front against the Coup
November 5 , 2009 -- The National Resistance Front against the Coup wishes to inform the Honduran people and the international community of the following :
Whereas ,
1. During the 131 days of continuous struggle , we have pushed for a peaceful solution to the political crisis in our country as a result of the coup d’état carried out by the Honduran oligarchy .
In this period we have supported the efforts promoted by various national and international sectors , putting forward three key demands : ( a ) the return to constitutional order with the reinstatement of the legitimate president , Manuel Zelaya Rosales ; ( b ) respect for the sovereign right to establish a National Constituent Assembly for the purpose of refounding our nation ; and ( c ) punishment for those who have violated human rights .
2. The Tegucigalpa - San Jose agreement [ signed on October 30 ] underscores the priority of returning to constitutional order and affirms , literally , the need to “ return the holder of executive power to its pre-June 28 state through to January 27 , 2010 , which marks the end of the term of the current government ” .
3 . The National Congress , co-author of the break with the constitutional order on June 28 , is using delaying tactics by refusing to convene the full assembly of the Congress to revoke the decree that set up the de-facto regime .
4 . The Organization of American States and the US government , which we consider to be an accomplice in the military coup , do not show an interest in the definitive departure of the coup perpetrators from political power .
Therefore , we resolve that :
1 . If by midnight November 5 — at the latest — President Manuel Zelaya is not reinstated , the National Resistance Front against the Coup will refuse to recognise the electoral process and its results .
2 . We warn all organisations of the national resistance that if President Zelaya were not to be reinstated within this time frame , they should be ready to carry out the actions necessary to deny any legitimacy to the electoral farce .
3 . We call upon the international community to maintain its position of refusing to legitimise the de-facto regime and the elections of November 29 .
“ We Are Resisting and We Shall Win ! ”
Statement by Honduran President Manuel Zelaya
From the Desk of the President Tegucigalpa
November 6 , 2009
Translation by Patricia Adams , the Quixote Center .
Agreement failed because of Micheletti's failure to comply .
In the face of the mockery that Mr. Micheletti has made of the Honduran people and the international community : boycotting the Tegucigalpa / San Jose Agreement ; letting the deadline for the creation of the Government of Unity pass without convening the National Congress , as is within his power and responsibility to do per the written agreement ; the lack of a will to fulfill the agreement in both letter and spirit is clear ; ignoring the Plan Arias proposal , as well as the OAS and the UN resolutions ; we declare that the agreement has been a failure , because of the failure of the de facto regime to comply with the commitment to organise and install a government of unity and national reconciliation by this date ; a government which should by law be presided over by the president elected by the People , José Manuel Zelaya Rosales .
1 . We are not willing to give up the rights of the people by legitimating this coup d'etat .
2 . We do not accept the militarisation of society nor that the President of Honduras be named by the elite of the armed forces .
3 . Democracy is the highest good of society and is the only path for confronting the problems of the third - poorest economy in Latin America , and therefore we are not willing to be cheated nor that our democracy be robbed from us .
4 . The permanent violations of human rights , the cancellation of public freedoms , the confiscation of communication media , as well as the status of the president elected by the people who is surrounded by the military inside the Brazilian embassy and the political witch hunting , is all proof of the preparation of an enormous political - electoral fraud on November 29 .
5 . We announce that we will completely ignore this electoral process and the results of the aforementioned evils , elections under a dictatorship are a fraud for the people .
6 . We invite the ministers of the OAS to make immediate pronouncements about the actions of the government legitimately elected by the people of Honduras , and to continue to condemn and ignore this de facto regime .
7 . On behalf of the people , we thank the international community , the OAS , Secretary Insulza , the ex-president of Chile , Mr Ricardo Lagos Escobar , and the US Labor Secretary Mrs Hilda Solís .
COPINH : The trap of the accords of the Guaymuras - Tegucigalpa - San Jose Dialogue
November 4 , 2009 -- The Civil Council of Popular and Indigenous Organisations of Honduras ( COPINH ) , in the face of the signing of the accords to seek a solution to the crisis generated by the military coup d'etat against the people of Honduras , submits the following communiqué :
1 . We have no trust in the negotiating commission of the coup regime given that they have never demonstrated a willingness to reinstate the constitutional president of the republic , and its only purpose is to buy time to consolidate the objectives of the coup d'etat in looting the national treasury and imposing neoliberal projects of privatisation of natural resources and state institutions .
2 . We denounce the malicious and intentional attitude of the government of the United States of America , which takes on ambiguous positions but behind the scenes has supported the coup makers .
If not , how can they explain that in the kidnapping of President Manuel Zelaya Rosales they used the [ US ] Palmerola base ?
If the yankees had so much will to contribute to the resolution of this crisis , why so much tolerance , patience and complacency with the coup makers in lending themselves to a dialogue where they present deceiving agreements as a solution ?
3 . We call on our people not to rest until we achieve the convoking of a popular and democratic national constitutional assembly , which should be made up of the different social sectors of the country such as women , youth , Indigenous and black peoples , workers , the LGTB community , community councils , representatives of marginalised neighbourhoods , teachers , artists , peasants , honest business people , intellectuals , professionals , the informal economy sector , alternative media , among others .
4 . We urge the National Front of Popular Resistance to raise an initiative of dialogue and negotiation towards more dignified agreements in which the mediation should n't be [ tied ] to the liking and oversight of the yankee government , which has helped drive the coup d'etat against our people , but instead by people like Rigoberta Menchu , Adolfo Pérez Esquivel , democratic countries that make up the Bolivarian Alternative of the Americas ( ALBA ) and UNASUR , foundations like the Carter Foundation , social movements of the countries of Latin America and the world like the Landless Peoples Movement of Brazil , the Mothers of the Plaza de Mayo of Argentina , the Scream of the Excluded , Jubilee South , the Convergence of Popular Movements of the Americas , the School of the Americas Watch , the platforms of solidarity with the Honduran people and others .
For this the front should name a negotiating commission that understands that the coup - makers are perverse and that the
US State Department , the Pentagon and the US government in general are driving the coup d'etat and proposing as key points the restoration of the President of the Republic Manuel Zelaya Rosales to govern for the time that the coup makers robbed of his governing period , the installation of a national constitutional assembly and the dissolution of the coup congress , of the coup supreme court , of the coup public ministry , the reduction and purging of the armed forves , the definitive purging of hte national police and the punishment of the people involved in the coup d'etat and the violation of human rights .
5 . We urge once again to the candidates of the Democratic Unification Party , the Popular Independent Candidacy , the PINU party and the Liberals who are in resistance to be consistent and renounce once and for all participation in the electoral farce set up by the coupmakers .
To our people we urge you not to participate in the electoral circus and to boycott that act of the coup makers .
6 . To the international solidarity movement we invite you to strengthen the support to the Honduran people not just as a principle of solidarity but for reasons of self - defence since if the coup makers consolidate in Honduras the democratic spring of the peoples of the world and particularly the peoples of our America will end .
With the ancestral force of Lempira , Iselaca , Mota and Etempica we raise our voices filled with life , justice , dignity , freedom and peace .
HERE NOBODY IS GIVING UP !
Will making babies become like ordering from a menu ?
Jeremy Maude / Digital Vision / Getty Images
Pre-implantation genetic diagnosis ( PGD ) has been used in some fertility clinics since the 1990s , but it may become much more common in the future .
Also known as embryo screening , the process involves taking a 3 - day - old embryo and pulling one of its six cells to test for genetic markers of disease .
Embryos that are in the clear are the ones that are implanted into a woman 's womb .
Currently , PGD is most often used to test for conditions like cancer , mental retardation and blindness .
It may also be used to determine which embryos are most viable for implantation in women who are prone to miscarriage , and some couples have used it in their attempts to create savior siblings , or genetic matches for a sick sibling in need of a transplant .
However , some clinics have already begun using this technology to select embryos for traits like gender , a practice that is outlawed in places like the United Kingdom , India and China , but is currently legal in the United States .
Some ethicists worry we 're on a slippery slope to ordering up a designer baby the way we order Whoppers --
" I 'd like a girl with blonde hair , blue eyes and no chance of breast cancer " does n't sound that different from a request for a cheeseburger with onions , no mayo and extra pickles .
Advertisement
Advertisement
In a survey conducted by the New York University School of Medicine , 75 percent of respondents supported using PGD to select against mental retardation in an embryo , while 10 percent thought the process was acceptable to test for potential athletic ability .
Thirteen percent of respondents could see using it to select an embryo for improved intelligence ( even though environmental factors play into such a measurement ) , while another 10 percent would want to know about the anticipated height of an embryo before selecting it [ source : Naik ] .
If people select for height because they do n't want their kids to be short , will we lose genetic diversity and become a planet of giants ?
Well , not everyone wants to be tall -- there 's also the issue of what 's called negative enhancement , an example of which would be parents selecting for dwarfism .
Some deaf parents have wanted to select deaf children , arguing that they want their child to be part of their culture .
While some people may think of dwarfism or deafness as a handicap , some parents desire it , and right now , such decisions are unregulated .
Who 's to say what 's right or wrong when it comes to a parent 's wish for his or her child ?
Should parents be able to choose exactly what kind of child they 'll raise -- and will they have the right to get rid of a child that does n't meet specification ?
Expect more discussion about such issues in the coming years .
When football player Michael Vick made his first post - prison appearance in a Philadelphia Eagles uniform , he got a standing ovation from the hometown crowd .
His recent reception in the Bay Area was far cooler -- at last month 's game between the Eagles and the Oakland Raiders , he was greeted with protestors , picket signs and a plane flying over the stadium with a banner reading " Dogfighter Go Home ! "
But even in the dog- loving Bay Area , Vick had plenty of defenders .
" Sooner or later you 're going to have to forgive the guy anyway , " Charles Wright , a 44 - year - old Oakland tow truck driver , told protestors after the game .
" You may as well get it out of your system . "
Another fan yelled , " Come on , the dude paid his debt to society . "
In other words , " move on . "
But however many times dog lovers hear such advice , they 're not getting any closer to taking it .
That 's because not only has Vick not served one minute in prison for animal cruelty , he was far more cruel to his dogs than most of his defenders seem to realize .
Most people are aware that Michael Vick was " convicted of dog fighting . "
They know he went to prison , and they 've also probably seen the news stories , including a moving Sports Illustrated cover story , about the Vick dogs that were rescued and rehabilitated after being seized from his Bad Newz Kennels .
But that 's only part of the story .
" What Michael Vick did was not just dog fighting , " said Marthina McClay of Our Pack , a pit bull rescue group in Santa Clara , and the owner of one of the Vick dogs , Leo .
" It went so far beyond that , and most people who defend him are uninformed .
They do n't really realize what Michael Vick did . "
If you 're one of the people McClay is talking about , let me invite you into Donna Reynolds ' nightmare .
Reynolds is the co-founder of Bay Area Doglovers Responsible About Pitbulls ( BAD RAP ) , an East Bay organization with a national reputation for rescuing and rehabilitating pit bulls .
They rehabbed and cared for many of the dogs seized from Vick 's Bad Newz Kennels after his arrest in April of 2007 .
She 's definitely not what you 'd call a fragile flower , and she 's been working with ex-fighting pits for longer than a lot of the people reading this have been out of kindergarten .
It 's fair to say she 's seen the worst things that people can do to dogs , but there 's still a story she can't get out of her mind .
It was a sweltering day in September of 2007 , and Reynolds was in Virginia to evaluate the 49 pit bulls found alive on Vicks ' property .
A federal agent who had been at the scene when the property was searched was driving her to the various facilities holding the dogs , and they got to talking about what the investigation had turned up .
" The details that got to me then and stay with me today involve the swimming pool that was used to kill some of the dogs , " Reynolds wrote on her blog .
" Jumper cables were clipped onto the ears of underperforming dogs , then , just like with a car , the cables were connected to the terminals of car batteries before lifting and tossing the shamed dogs into the water . "
She continued , " We do n't know how many suffered this premeditated murder , but the damage to the pool walls tells a story .
It seems that while they were scrambling to escape , they scratched and clawed at the pool liner and bit at the dented aluminum sides like a hungry dog on a tin can .
" I wear some pretty thick skin during our work with dogs , but I can't shake my minds - eye image of a little black dog splashing frantically in bloody water ... screaming in pain and terror ... brown eyes saucer wide and tiny black white - toed feet clawing at anything , desperate to get a hold .
This death did not come quickly .
The rescuer in me keeps trying to think of a way to go back in time and somehow stop this torture and pull the little dog to safety .
I think I 'll be looking for ways to pull that dog out for the rest of my life . "
Vick did all that and more to his dogs , and even threw family pets into the pit with fighters and laughed while they were mauled , according to a witness who testified to federal investigators .
That 's what sends dog lovers out to football games with protest signs : knowing that Michael Vick tortured and killed innocent dogs .
That he has never paid for that abuse or even apologized for it .
Because the nation 's most notorious dogfighter pled " not guilty " to animal cruelty charges -- charges that were eventually dropped in a plea bargain -- and he was convicted only of bankrolling a dogfighting conspiracy , for which he served 18 months in prison before being welcomed back to the public spotlight .
Even worse , he 's shown no sign of understanding of , or regret over , the fate of his dogs .
" Vick has never expressed one word of remorse for what he did to those dogs , " said McClay .
" Not in any of his public statements , and not in his appearance on ' 60 Minutes . '
Vick said he ' let it happen . '
He slammed and beat and hung dogs to death .
It 's like Ted Bundy saying , ' I let someone murder this girl . '
He does n't take any responsibility for it . "
Reynolds does n't think it's an accident that most of Vick 's supporters are so in the dark about his crimes against dogs .
" It worked out nicely for Vick that he never faced his animal abuse charges in court , " she told me .
" That meant football fans were spared the most disturbing details of his tortures and could go back to their Sunday night ritual with barely a hiccup . "
Those who were n't spared those disturbing details , like Reynolds and McClay , are n't finding it easy , or even possible , to move on .
" I look at Leo 's big , fat head and wonderful , loving heart , " McClay said , " and wonder , how can you kill something like that ?
And now that 's okay because Vick did his time , and we should just move on ?
How do you move on from that ? "
Well , you might say , that 's our criminal justice system , and that 's professional sports .
And you'd be right , as far as it goes .
But before it goes too far -- before you , too , become one of the people saying Vick 's done his time and deserves to get on with his life -- consider something other than the heartwarming stories about ex-Vick dogs making visits to cancer wards and schools for troubled kids .
Think about the ones who were buried in the dirt of Bad Newz Kennels , who are n't getting much attention outside the dog world .
The horrific fate of those dogs is why Reynolds is actually glad about the continued debate between Vick 's defenders and pit bull advocates -- it makes it harder for what he did to be buried along with the dogs he killed .
" Much of the public still sees pit bulls as willing gladiators rather than the victims that they are , " she told me .
" We have a long way to go before open debate on the topic of animal abuse is welcome in most living rooms , so the outrage about Vick 's tortures is rightfully keeping the subject alive . "
I suppose that 's the silver lining .
I just wish I could get the image of those frightened , drowning dogs out of my head .
And I wish I believed they were haunting Michael Vick , too .
Mozilla announced the availability of the first Firefox 3.6 beta last week .
Firefox 3.6 , codenamed Namoroka , is an incremental update that introduces a handful of new features , enhanced performance , and some noteworthy improvements to Web standards support .
The final version of Firefox 3.6 could be released next year .
We first looked at Firefox 3.6 in August when we tested the first alpha release .
It has some excellent performance improvements under the hood that will boost JavaScript execution speed .
Firefox 3.6 also brings some nice CSS enhancements , including support for some useful non-standard features like WebKit 's gradients .
Several important new features have been added since the original alpha version .
Mozilla recently introduced support for the Web Open Font Format ( WOFF ) which was developed by type designers Tal Leming and Erik van Blokland in collaboration with Mozilla .
Firefox 3.6 will also expand on the work that Mozilla did with the HTML 5 video element in 3.5 .
Video poster frames and fullscreen playback are now supported .
Mozilla 's commitment to advance mobile browsing is demonstrated in 3.6 with the introduction of a new MozOrientation event handler that makes it possible for webpages to tap into device accelerometer data through JavaScript .
I saw this demonstrated on a Nokia N900 with Mozilla 's Fennec browser during the recent Maemo Summit .
In the demo , a dot drawn on an HTML Canvas element moved around on the screen as the device was tilted .
The Personas project , which was launched by Mozilla Labs in 2007 , is now an official part of the Firefox browser .
Personas are lightweight themes that allow the user to trivially skin the browser 's user interface and apply custom ( usually tacky ) images and colors to the tabs and main toolbars .
Mozilla maintains a Personas gallery online where users can go to get new visual styles .
Mozilla is encouraging add - on developers to start working on compatibility with 3.6 .
The organization has a very long history of proactive engagement with the third - party developer community to boost the number of add - ons that will work at launch for new versions of the browser .
They have introduced a nifty new compatibility - reporting tool that will help users identify and report add - ons that are n't working properly with 3.6 .
Firefox 3.6 is available for download from the Mozilla website .
I was unable to get it to run on Linux ( BadWindow error , typically caused by Nvidia / Xorg / Compiz issues ) , but I tested it extensively on Windows Vista .
For additional details , see the official release announcement and the notes for developers .
A middle - aged man walks into an East London café and apologises for being late .
With his clipped hair and bus - driver 's uniform of thick overcoat , shirt , and branded tie , he looks like any other public service employee .
But soon he delivers a speech of startling ferocity against the medical establishment .
Mike explains that he runs a London - based health website on which he posts articles and links to information that questions whether HIV causes Aids , disputes the existence of HIV , and denies the fact that unprotected sex helps to spread it .
He offers support for those who , he says , are " negotiating with medical authorities over taking a different approach to dealing with their circumstances . "
He claims to get thousands of hits on his site and has helped advise several people who have been diagnosed with HIV and are launching legal action against their local health authorities , in the belief that they have been unfairly treated by the doctors who are trying to help them .
Mike is an Aids denialist .
He shares the view of a global network of academics and campaigners that follow the proclamations of Peter Duesberg , a cell biologist at the University of California , Berkeley , who believes HIV does not cause Aids .
And , alarmingly , 2009 has been a good year for the denialist community .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
In the first week of November , a record number of Aids denialists from 28 countries , including Britain , attended the Rethinking Aids conference in Oakland , California .
One of the main draws of the conference was a screening of a controversial new documentary by Canadian - born director Brent Leung , House of Numbers , which gives a platform to denialist theories .
Over the last two months it has been screened at the Cambridge and Raindance Film Festivals – decisions that provoked a storm of criticism online .
The Spectator was forced to cancel a debate and screening of the film on 28 October after some of the participating speakers pulled out .
And yet despite widespread outrage , the film has undoubtedly encouraged those who espouse denialist theories in the UK .
So who are the Aids deniers and what do they believe ?
According to Seth Kalichman , a psychologist at the University of Connecticut , whose exposé of the movement , Denying Aids , was published in March , denialists anywhere in the world generally share several common beliefs .
They say that the " myth " that HIV causes Aids is the product of conspiracies between governments and the pharmaceutical industry ; that antiretroviral medication is toxic ; and that one day the orthodox medical theories on HIV will crumble .
So far , so typically crackpot .
But the movement has gained some damaging traction – and the propagation of denialist theories can have deadly repercussions .
Aids charities warn that reading material which argues that HIV does not cause Aids can dissuade potential sufferers from getting tested for HIV , and even lead HIV - infected people to ignore HIV - positive results and cause them to reject antiretroviral therapies .
" Denying the link between HIV and Aids is scientific illiteracy , " says Yusef Azad , director of policy and campaigns at the National Aids Trust , Britain 's leading HIV / Aids charity .
" But worse than that , it is profoundly dangerous and has caused countless unnecessary deaths .
Just because something is on the internet does not mean it is even remotely true .
More than two decades of peer - reviewed scientific research demonstrates in some detail how HIV attacks the immune system and causes Aids if left untreated . "
***
Today is World Aids Day , an annual event designed to raise awareness of the problems facing the 33.2 million people around the world who live with the disease .
The initiative 's British website outlines one of its aims : to " present true , sometimes surprising , accounts of how HIV affects people in the UK , and to dispel myths and misinformation . "
The Joint United Nations programme on HIV / Aids and the World Health Organisation declared last week that the HIV / Aids pandemic was on a downward trend for the first time ; in part due to the use of effective anti-retroviral treatment .
With the evidence on orthodox approaches to HIV being so overwhelmingly convincing , why do some insist on spreading health advice that could put other people 's lives at risk ?
And who believes them ?
The answer lies in some scientifically discredited research that was publicly aired almost 30 years ago , but still drives a disparate network of supporters .
According to international Aids charity Avert , Aids science began in the 1980s , when some scientists linked an outbreak in opportunistic infections – those diseases which take advantage of a lowered immune system – with people 's lifestyle choices .
In December 1981 a research paper was published in The New England Journal of Medicine which reported the first cases of PCP ( pneumocystis carinii pneumonia , a rare condition , later discovered to be Aids - defining ) among intravenous drug users .
In February 1982 a group of scientists published a paper in The Lancet that put the opportunistic infections down to the use of the stimulant amyl nitrate , or " poppers " among the gay community ( a letter in The Lancet in 1981 went as far as to call the problem " gay compromise syndrome " ) .
Soon , however , research indicated that the disease occurred in other population groups .
In July 1982 , scientists published research on PCP found in people with haemophilia .
Fast - forward to 23 April 1984 , when the US health and human services secretary , Margaret Heckler , announced that US biomedical researcher Robert Gallo of the National Cancer Institute had isolated the virus which caused Aids .
But not all scientists agreed this virus was to blame .
It subsequently turned out that Gallo 's virus , which he then called HTLV - III , was in fact the same virus discovered a year earlier by Luc Montagnier of the Pasteur Institute in Paris , which he had called LAV .
Peter Duesberg , a Californian cancer researcher who had mapped the genetic make - up of a virus similar to HIV , disputed the predominant theory that a virus was causing Aids .
He believed a single virus could not disable someone 's immune system and in 1987 wrote a paper for the medical journal Cancer Research that clung to the discredited idea that Aids was caused by long - term consumption of recreational and antiretroviral drugs .
He claimed HIV was a " passenger " virus , a harmless type of virus sometimes found in diseased tissue .
While at the time , there were others who disputed the orthodox HIV hypothesis , most have since changed their minds as the evidence became overwhelming .
Indeed , the sheer quantity of research supporting the HIV / Aids hypothesis is impressive .
To cite just one piece of evidence : in 1993 , the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta , Georgia reviewed 230,179 cases of people with an " Aids - like illness " .
Only 47 people tested HIV - negative , or less than 0.025 per cent .
The Independent found itself at the forefront of the fightback against denialist theories .
In May 1992 , three Nobel laureates wrote to Steve Connor , this newspaper 's science editor , praising his reporting on the issue .
Signed by former president of the Royal Society Aaron Klug , the biochemist Cesar Milstein and the molecular biologist Max Perutz , the letter states : " There is no question in our minds – as in the great majority of scientists who have acquainted themselves with the facts – that HIV is the cause of Aids . "
But Duesberg – now an outcast to mainstream medical science – continues to push his ideas , winning credence among those who are , for their own reasons , unwilling to accept the truth .
Prominent present - day denialists include Henry Bauer , a retired chemistry and life sciences professor at Virginia State University and Eleni Papadopulos - Eleopulos , a medical biophysicist working at Royal Perth Hospital , at the University of Western Australia .
All three have a strong following online .
Duesberg 's website gets 15,000 hits a month , and has links to articles like " Duesberg Defends Challenges to the Existence of HIV " .
The influence of such literature should not be underestimated .
" Internet postings suggest thousands of people at least question the science behind HIV as the cause of Aids , " warns Seth Kalichman .
" In 2007 there were ' Aids dissident ' science conferences held in Paris and Berlin .
An online Aids dissident encyclopaedia - style website , Aids Wiki , boasts over 70,000 visits .
The proliferation of denialist writings through multiple media outlets does more than distract Aids scientists ; it undermines countless efforts to save lives . "
***
One only needs to look to South Africa to see the lethal consequences of denialism .
The former South African president , Thabo Mbeki , discovered the movement and in 2000 he assembled a " Presidential Aids Advisory Panel " of 30 people , half of whom were denialists , including Duesberg and Papadopulos - Eleopulos .
In 2000 , Mbeki 's opening remarks to the panel included the words : " There is an approach that asks why this President of South Africa is trying to give legitimacy to discredited scientists , because , after all , all the questions of science concerning this matter had been resolved by the year 1984 .
I do n't know of any science that gets resolved in that manner with a cut - off year beyond which science does not develop any further . "
Partly on the advice of denialists , Mbeki 's administration did everything in its power to resist the use of ART , the antiretroviral therapy that stops HIV " replicating " – essentially producing copies of itself and spreading throughout someone 's body – and prevents Aids .
Last year , a study by researchers at Harvard University published in The Journal of Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndromes estimated that if Mbeki 's government had provided HIV treatment there would have been a staggering 365,000 fewer premature deaths in South Africa during his leadership .
It may be hard to see how intelligent people are sucked in by the denialists ' claims , but Kalichman believes they use a number of tricks , the most common of which is known as " cherry - picking " – isolating individual , out - of - context sentences from scientific papers to illustrate their theories .
" They create confusion among people who are not experts in Aids and do n't recognise what they are doing for what it is , " he says .
" Most people are not well - versed in science and medicine and can be easily confused by misinformation .
And the denialist literature is much more user - friendly than true science .
Scientists are notoriously bad at communicating with the public .
But the thing is , the orthodox scientists are credible , and the denialist ones are not .
" Credibility comes through relying on accepted scientific standards and through peer review – the process that confirms that scientific work is legitimate , " Kalichman continues .
" People like Duesberg have not had their Aids ideas pass through the filter of peer review .
They do not even do research on HIV or Aids .
They are good at selecting sentences out of papers to support their arguments while ignoring all that does not fit in their preconceived notions .
When it comes to Aids they do not respect the rules of science . "
If you look in the right places , of course , denialist rhetoric is easy to debunk .
For instance , according to New Scientist , denialists often claim that HIV has never met " Koch 's postulates " – a list of conditions drawn up by the 19th - century German scientist Robert Koch that need to be met in order to prove that a particular infectious agent causes a disease .
" HIV does , however , meet Koch 's postulates as long as they are not applied in a ridiculously stringent way , " wrote Jonny Steinberg in the 22 June issue of the magazine .
The first postulate states that the infectious agent must be found in every person with the disease – this is strongly indicated by the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention study cited above .
Another postulate says this agent must cause the disease if given to a healthy person .
In three separate incidents , US laboratory workers accidentally exposed to purified HIV tested positive for that specific strain and later developed Aids .
So who believes the denialist literature ?
Being " in denial " is often a means for a sufferer to cope with disease diagnosis – and this is a reaction common to other serious diseases .
" When you were first diagnosed , you may have trouble believing or accepting the fact you have cancer , " says the website of the US National Cancer Institute .
" This is called denial .
Denial can be helpful because it can give you time to feel hopeful and better about the future .
Sometimes , denial is a serious problem .
If it lasts too long , it can keep you from getting the treatment you need .
It can be a problem when other people deny that you have cancer , even if you have accepted it . "
The loved ones of those afflicted by HIV / Aids are also vulnerable to denialist literature .
" The same can be true for those close to someone who tests HIV - positive – a friend or lover , a parent , a sibling , or a child , " Seth Kalichman writes in Denying Aids .
" Those who are in denial are the very people to whom denialists pose the greatest threat .
Though denial can , for a time , serve very well as a way of adjusting to the truth , when it goes on too long , it can become maladaptive , keeping us from moving on . "
One of those most high - profile cases of a sufferer sucked in by denialist literature was that of US Aids activist Christine Maggiore , who was diagnosed with HIV in 1992 .
Influenced by Duesberg 's writings , she waged a long , bitter campaign to contest the fact that the HIV virus causes Aids , and that preventive approaches and antiretrovirals can help thwart the disease 's spread and prolong the lives of those who suffer from it .
She breast - fed her daughter , Eliza Jane , who died at the age of three in 2005 .
The Los Angeles County coroner concluded that the cause of death was Aids - related pneumonia .
Maggiore refused to believe it .
Her campaign ended last December with her own death from pneumonia , aged 52 .
No autopsy was conducted at the time , and her supporters still resisted suggestions that Maggiore died from an Aids - related disease .
" Why did she remain basically healthy from 1992 until just before her death ? " asked David Crowe , president of the Rethinking Aids organisational board , earlier this year .
***
Back in East London , Mike 's own story fits Seth Kalichman 's archetype .
He describes how an ex-boyfriend was diagnosed with HIV when the two of them were still in a relationship , even though Mike discouraged him from taking the HIV test .
After the diagnosis they continued to have unprotected sex , in part fuelled by Mike 's belief that he was safe – a belief that had been encouraged by denialist literature ( Mike says he has not been diagnosed with HIV ) .
Mike also discouraged his former partner from taking antiretroviral medication , which he says made his former partner sick the one time he did try it .
Mike 's ex-boyfriend died soon afterwards .
Mike says this was , in part , due to an undiagnosed heart defect and potentially the stress caused by his HIV diagnosis .
" I wanted to do something , " he says .
" I had gone through some intense soul - searching at the time he was diagnosed .
I went through everything all over again .
I thought , ' Could I have been wrong ? '
If you genuinely question something , you allow any possible answer .
You either dismantle something or else you reinforce your faith .
It reinforced my faith [ in denialist theories ] – because I was really looking where I could be wrong and the orthodox perspective just seemed so weak . "
So he set up his website .
Another London - based denialist is filmmaker Joan Shenton , who has made 150 programmes for network television .
On her website she also lists links to the work of Duesberg and Papadopulos - Eleopulos and claims to get tens of thousands of hits a year .
She aims to amass an online database of 120,000 documents comprising what she terms the " changing evidence " surrounding HIV / Aids .
" I will tell you why I 'm doing it , " she says , sitting in her Notting Hill flat .
" After my huge illness which was life - threatening from iatrogenic disease [ in her case , drug - induced lupus , another autoimmune disease ]
I barely survived and I continued to work in my profession but I was drawn towards injury from prescribed drugs . "
Shenton has just returned from the Rethinking Aids conference where she gave a talk entitled " Censorship in the Aids debate – the success of stifling , muzzling and a strategy of silence " .
In a paper published in The Journal of Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndromes in 2007 it was shown that as many as one in four people in the US questions Aids orthodoxy .
In the UK , the evidence available suggests that the number taking note of denialist theories is peripheral ; according to the Health Protection Agency , since the late 1990s , the number of HIV - positive people accessing HIV - related care in the UK has substantially increased .
Around 18,000 people were being treated in 1998 ; this number had more than tripled by 2007 .
But does this mean we should n't worry about the presence of denialists in the UK ?
" They are killing people , " says Aids expert John Moore , a professor of microbiology at Cornell University .
" As a scientist I am offended by those who pervert the profession .
I lot of their stuff comes high up the Google rankings and if you have a preconceived idea it can reinforce it . "
The internet has undoubtedly been a boon to the denialists .
" If you type ' Aids ' into a Google Video search you 're confronted with a ton of videos , half of which are denialist , " says Nicholas Bennett , a fellow in paediatric infectious diseases at the State University of New York who runs an anti-denialist blog .
" One of the highest hits you get is a video called Deconstructing the Myth .
You get a ton of stuff that is denialist .
If people are searching for information , are questioning and looking for a way out of their diagnosis , denialists give them hope .
They think they do n't have to worry and do n't have to start any treatment . "
Such theories could continue to gain mainstream ground if House of Numbers – which has almost 1,800 fans on Facebook – wins a global distribution deal ( it already has a respected publicity agency , Rogers & Cowan , working on its behalf in Los Angeles ) .
The film lasts about 90 minutes .
At the start , Brent Leung , affecting a Michael Moore - style demeanour , is portrayed as an innocent who wants to find out more about Aids .
" I was born in 1980 , a year before Aids exploded on to the public consciousness , " he intones .
" I grew up beneath its shadow like a child raised under the threat of the mushroom cloud .
You might say I am a member of the first HIV / Aids generation ...
This film is an account of my journey through the shifting sands surrounding HIV / Aids . "
Leung explores many of the topics which so excite denialists – the link between Aids and poverty , the efficiency of HIV testing and even the existence of HIV .
In a review published on 4 September in The New York Times , critic Jeannette Catsoulis describes the film as a " globe - trotting pseudo - investigation that should raise the hackles of anyone with even a glancing knowledge of the basic rules of reasoning " .
Eighteen of the doctors and scientists interviewed in the film have since issued a statement saying Leung acted " deceitfully and unethically " when recruiting them ( Leung says the letter 's signatories are anonymous and that they had n't seen the film when they signed the letter ) .
John Moore , in particular , takes issue over his portrayal in House of Numbers .
He says Leung told him he was trying to debunk the claims of denialists in order to secure an interview , but has in fact produced a film that does the opposite .
House of Numbers was shown at the Cambridge Film Festival in September .
Bill Thompson , one of the festival trustees , who has since taken personal responsibility for its screening , has described the film as " objectionable , but also an example of a particular genre of deceptive filmmaking that I wanted to show and debunk " .
But Elliot Groves , founder of the Raindance Film Festival , which showed the film in October , can be heard on YouTube describing it as " a stunning piece of filmmaking " .
Also in October , Fraser Nelson , editor of The Spectator , wrote on the magazine 's website : " Is it legitimate to discuss the link between HIV and Aids ?
It 's one of these hugely emotive subjects , with a fairly strong and vociferous lobby saying that any open discussion is deplorable and tantamount to Aids denialism .
Whenever any debate hits this level , I get deeply suspicious . "
At the time , Nelson 's blog provoked a barrage of criticism .
" Crucially , The Spectator never ' supported ' the film , " Nelson now says .
" What we wanted to do was to screen it , and then have a panel lay their criticisms at the filmmakers .
Often in history , the cures to killer diseases come from scientists thinking way outside the box .
Aids has killed so many millions that we need to debate it at all possible angles .
And if there is a weird , false and scientifically invalid idea then how do we treat it ?
My answer : that the remedy for bad science is good science .
Have a rational discussion . "
Is there hope for those sucked into the denialist debate ?
The National Aids Trust put The Independent in touch with " Daniel " , an HIV sufferer in his 30s , who was diagnosed eight years ago .
He was initially convinced by denialist literature .
" I saw some information written by Christine Maggiore online and it got to the stage where I told my sister I was off to meet with a denialist group in San Francisco , " he tells me .
" It 's difficult to explain why I was so taken in .
The thing is , when you are diagnosed , you do n't have any symptoms .
You get your test back and you do n't feel any different ...
Some of the denialists do raise questions that at first thought seem plausible .
Much of what they quote is from the 1980s , for example .
They make these claims over some of the early treatments , which just kept people alive , but things have come on so much since then .
There 's always half - truths in everything they say . "
He says his opinion was altered when was referred for treatment at his local hospital .
" I thought to myself , well , if the denialists are telling the truth , then all the doctors and nurses in this hospital are part of some global conspiracy .
And it 's just absurd to think that .
I was a bit nervous about the treatment , but a lot of people are , and that just adds fuel to the fire . "
The denialists " are preying on vulnerable people , which is why medics get so worked up about House of Numbers in Britain .
It is a serious problem .
It puts people off testing and makes doctors ' lives harder .
Some of these denialists want answers for why they are going to die .
But they should n't be destroying other people 's lives . "
The page you requested may have been moved or deleted
Let 's try one of the following remedies to get you back on track ...
Racing at speeds of up to 350 mph , the Soviet - made military jet made several low - altitude passes at the Santa Monica Pier , seemingly keying on the popular Ferris wheel as frightened onlookers scattered , some screaming .
Emergency calls poured in to police as the aircraft flew about 50 feet off the ground , then spiraled skyward in a series of tight rolls , smoke trailing from its tail as if it were an aerobatic plane .
The lifeguard in Tower 26 said the jet passed so close that she felt a wall of heat .
For a few minutes on that November day a year ago , it seemed the pier was under attack .
Instead , officials learned , the startling aerial display was a stunt arranged by a local pilot , convicted felon and production company executive to promote an unfinished movie about a maverick squadron of Americans and Russians on a secret mission to Iran .
Advertisement
The pilot , David G. Riggs , lost his license and faces a misdemeanor criminal case in Santa Monica .
A court hearing to set his trial date has been scheduled for Monday .
Riggs declined to comment .
His attorney said he did nothing wrong .
But Riggs ’ escapade has focused attention on a little - known aspect of aviation : the use of high - performance military jets by civilian pilots and the hazards they can pose to people in the air and on the ground .
The incident has prompted the Federal Aviation Administration to take a harder look at hundreds of experimental exhibition aircraft in its Western Pacific region : California , Arizona , Nevada and Hawaii .
There are about 5,600 planes with that designation in the United States , including aircraft like Riggs ’ 1973 Aero Vodochody L- 39 Albatros , one of the most popular Soviet bloc trainers during the Cold War .
Because they are not built on FAA - certified assembly lines , such experimental exhibition planes are restricted by the government to air shows , flight demonstrations or training flights over sparsely populated areas .
The planes cannot carry passengers for hire unless the FAA approves .
Advertisement
Another type of Soviet trainer , an Aero Vodochody L - 29 Delfin , crashed while flying in Tehachapi ’s Independence Day celebration this year , killing two pilots and narrowly missing a neighborhood .
According to the FAA , Riggs , 47 , obtained his private pilot ’s license in 1984 .
Besides the FAA enforcement action and Santa Monica case , court documents show that he served time in Hong Kong for passport fraud .
In Missouri , he was convicted several times on theft and fraud charges , including a federal prosecution that resulted in a three - year prison term for wire fraud , bank fraud and passport fraud .
Riggs also has been the target of civil lawsuits , including a pending fraud and breach of contract case filed against him in Los Angeles by 31 people who say they invested about $ 2.8 million in his production company , Afterburner Films .
According to FAA and National Transportation Safety Board records , Riggs and a second pilot , Skip Holm , left Van Nuys Airport on Nov. 6 , each flying an L - 39 .
Holm was in a Canadian - registered plane that Riggs had leased , FAA officials say .
Advertisement
The plan was to do four passes of the Santa Monica coast at a safe altitude as a third small plane flew nearby , towing a promotional banner for the movie “ Kerosene Cowboys . ”
FAA and NTSB documents show that Riggs flew away from the other two planes and made low passes at the pier and along the beach before Holm told him over the radio to “ knock it off . ”
Riggs concluded the flight by pulling into a steep climb just before he would have hit the pier , videotapes show .
After Riggs lost his pilot ’s license , Terry White , a prosecutor in the Santa Monica city attorney ’s office , filed a criminal complaint in May , invoking a rarely used section of the state public utilities code that prohibits the unsafe operation of an airplane .
“ Videos show he came very close to the pier , ” White said .
“ This was a very serious and dangerous act . ”
If convicted , Riggs could be fined $ 1,000 and get up to a year in jail .
Advertisement
Should the case go to trial , his attorney , John Duran , said he would assert that Holm is to blame .
“ The stunt involved two airplanes , ” Duran said .
“ My client was in the secondary plane .
He was just following the pattern of Mr. Holm .
They are going to have a hard time proving this case . ”
Holm is a Vietnam War veteran who won three Distinguished Flying Crosses and flew more than 350 combat missions as a U.S. Air Force pilot .
He left the service as a lieutenant colonel in 1992 and has worked in civilian aviation since .
He described Duran ’s strategy as an “ insane defense . ”
Riggs , he said , “ was out to sell a movie .
He wanted to get publicity . ”
In January , the FAA revoked Riggs ’ pilot ’s license .
He appealed to the NTSB , which concurred with the FAA in March and ordered the revocation of Riggs ’ license , noting his “ flagrant disregard for the rules . ”
Advertisement
Two former FAA inspectors , who investigated Riggs ’ case before leaving the agency in recent months , contend that the agency should have gone further .
They say Riggs and his aviation company , Mach 1 Aviation , may have violated the law by selling rides in the two L - 39s at Van Nuys and other fields .
Kevin Sullivan , then an FAA inspector based in Los Angeles , turned up videotapes of trips and balance sheets from Riggs ’ company showing that he has sold almost 400 flights to the public for thousands of dollars apiece .
Brochures from Incredible Adventures , a travel company and booking agency in Sarasota , Fla. , advertise that a 45 - minute ride in one of Riggs ’ L-39s sells for about $ 3,000 ; the fee includes a movie of the flight .
Riggs is listed as one of the pilots , although he has lost his private pilot ’s certificate and FAA records obtained by The Times show that he has not held an FAA waiver to carry paying passengers or a commercial pilot ’s license .
Advertisement
According to FAA documents , Sullivan and George Erdel , another FAA inspector , also were concerned that the L - 39 Riggs owns was in disrepair -- a potential danger to the public -- and being used improperly as a camera platform for film shoots .
FAA reports show that Erdel and at least two other FAA inspectors discovered that repair records for the plane were incomplete or missing , including documentation that would have shown whether critical time - sensitive parts , such as fuel tanks and turbine blades , were replaced on schedule .
But Erdel and Sullivan say their investigations were cut short by FAA officials , prompting both to lodge complaints with the agency ’s inspector general and the federal Office of Special Counsel .
Sullivan , an aviation consultant and veteran pilot who lives in Orange , left the FAA in March when he failed to pass probation for new employees .
Erdel , who lives in Tennessee , retired in June after 26 years with the agency .
Advertisement
“ Someone has turned a blind eye to this although we had dead - bang cases , ” Sullivan said
Ian Gregor , an FAA spokesman in Los Angeles , said the agency cannot comment on the investigators ’ complaints .
But he defended the handling of the Riggs case .
“ The facts speak for themselves , ” Gregor said .
“ We revoked Mr. Riggs ’ pilot ’s license .
We also required Mr. Riggs to perform work on his aircraft to make it airworthy and we documented that the work was , in fact , done . ”
FAA officials also say they are still keeping an eye on Riggs .
In August , they sent him a warning letter stating that the agency would not honor a Canadian pilot ’s license he obtained in June , several months after his U.S. license was revoked .
Advertisement
But there might be one thing the agency cannot prevent .
A year after his revocation , Riggs can reapply for another airman ’s certificate .
If he passes the flight test , he could get his pilot ’s license back .
--
dan.weikel@latimes.com
Advertisement
--
latimes.com/california
Video online
See a video of the jet making low - altitude passes at the pier and hear 911 calls .
An out of work pulp fiction novelist , Holly Martins , arrives in a post war Vienna divided into sectors by the victorious allies , and where a shortage of supplies has led to a flourishing black market .
He arrives at the invitation of an ex-school friend , Harry Lime , who has offered him a job , only to discover that Lime has recently died in a peculiar traffic accident .
From talking to Lime 's friends and associates Martins soon notices that some of the stories are inconsistent , and determines to discover what really happened to Harry Lime .
Written by Mark Thompson < mrt@oasis.icl.co.uk >
Damning Reports
( Natural News )
This article is part five in a six - part series .
Be sure to read part five at https://www.naturalnews.com/027363_autism_vac...
Most American are unaware that flu vaccines still contain thimerosal and that to avoid mercury , they have to ask for mercury - free shots .
On November 13 , 2007 , the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel ran the headline : " Most flu shots contain mercury , but few know it .
" Thimerosal consists of 49.6 % ethyl mercury .
The Environmental Protection Agency and Food and Drug Administration have not set an exposure limit for ethyl mercury .
" The federal agencies have , however , set exposure limits for another organic and closely related form of mercury , methyl mercury - the type that comes from coal - fired power plants and is found in fish , " the Journal said .
" They use that standard when estimating the safety of ethyl mercury . " " A typical 0.5 milliliter flu shot contains 25 micrograms - or 50,000 parts per billion - of mercury , " the Journal reported .
" The EPA classifies a liquid with 200 parts per billion of mercury as hazardous waste , " it advised .
" The limit for drinking water is 2 parts per billion .
" Using the standards set for methyl mercury consumption , " an average 130 - pound person getting the flu shot would exceed the daily limit by more than four times , " the Journal reported .
" A 22 - pound baby would get more than 25 times the amount of mercury considered safe , " it said .
" Mercury is among the most toxic heavy metals and is known to poison the central nervous system , liver , gastrointestinal tract and other systems in the body , " the Journal reported .
When the influenza vaccines " are injected into pregnant woman and infants as young as six months , those vaccines contain 50,000 ppb mercury , " warns Deirdre Imus in a November 19 , 2007 , Huffington Post article titled , " Over Medicated and Over - Vaccinated : The Unintended Consequence of Medicines Meant to Protect .
" This amount of mercury is 250 times higher than hazardous waste , she notes , and , according to EPA guidelines , this amount can only be considered safe if a person weighs 550 pounds .
" Even trace amounts of mercury in vaccines can be anywhere from 600 to 2000 ppb , " she advises .
People need to ask for a thimerosal - free vaccine if they want it , health officials told the Journal .
" But many people are n't aware that mercury is in the flu shot , " the Journal found .
" I did n't know , " said Kate Strzok , a 23 - year - old Oak Creek woman , as she walked out of the Piggly Wiggly where she had just gotten the flu shot .
" Interesting that they do n't tell you .
" PutChildren First.org , a parent - led organization advocating for vaccine safety , announced the results of a survey on November 13 , 2006 , conducted during October 27 - 30 , 2006 , by Zogby International of over 9,000 Americans , to learn their plans for getting flu shots , their knowledge of its ingredients , and who they held responsible for making sure vaccines are safe .
The survey showed that an overwhelming majority of Americans were unaware that most flu shots contained mercury .
After learning that mercury was an ingredient , 74 % of those polled said they were less likely to get a flu shot and 86 % of parents said they were less likely to allow their children to get a shot .
"
The survey reveals that Americans are overwhelmingly in the dark about what is in most flu shots , " said Lyn Redwood , RN , MSN , president of SafeMinds , a nonprofit organization committed to ending mercury - induced neurological disorders , in a press release .
" They do not want a known neurotoxin injected into their children , and they believe Congress and medical professionals must be more vigilant about keeping vaccines safe and mercury - free , " she advised .
" With everything we know about the dangers of mercury and the havoc it can wreak on young , developing brains , " she said , " there is no excuse for any vaccine to contain mercury .
" Lisa Handley is a founding parent of PutChildren
First whose son had an adverse reaction to a flu shot with mercury in 2003 .
" I know firsthand how life - changing a flu shot with mercury can be , since our son began his regression into autism after his flu shot , " she stated in the press release .
On October 5 , 2009 , the Maternal & Child Health Bureau of Health Resources and Services Administration , US Department of Health and Human Services released a study evaluating the number of children in the US who currently have a Autism Spectrum Disorder diagnosis , titled , " The Prevalence of Parent - Reported Diagnosis of Autism Spectrum Disorder among Children in the United States , 2007 .
" The study evaluated data from a national Survey of Children 's Health and found that 1 in 91 children between the ages of 3 and 17 currently carry an ASD diagnosis .
"
Even more alarming , for the subset of children between ages 6 and 14 immunized during the 1990's the prevalence is actually 1 in 71 children with an autism diagnosis , " Age of Autism reports .
" This age group represents children in the U.S. with the highest exposure to thimerosal , the mercury preservative routinely used until CDC , AAP and industry recommended its removal " as soon as possible " from all childhood vaccines , " AoA advises .
" We are especially alarmed by these findings because the seasonal influenza and H1N1 vaccines contain mercury well in excess of EPA safe exposure guidelines , " said Theresa Wrangham , president of SafeMinds , in a statement to President Obama calling for a ban on mercury in vaccines given to pregnant women and young children .
Another new study found that giving Hepatitis B vaccine to newborn boys may triple the risk of developing an autism spectrum disorder .
An abstract of the study was published in the September , 2009 " Annals of Epidemiology " journal .
" Boys who received the hepatitis B vaccine during the first month of life had 2.94 greater odds for ASD compared to later - or unvaccinated boys , " wrote Carolyn Gallagher and Melody Goodman of the graduate program in public health at Stony Brook University Medical Center in New York .
On September 30 , 2009 , Age of Autism Editor - at - Large , Mark Blaxill , reported on a new study in the journal " Neurotoxicology , " by a research team led by scientists from the University of Pittsburgh and Thoughtful House , that found exposure to a birth dose of a hepatitis B vaccine that included thimerosal caused significant delays in the development of several survival reflexes in male rhesus macaque monkeys .
"
In the first safety study of its kind of the hepatitis vaccine birth dose , the researchers showed that male macaques vaccinated at birth with a hepatitis B vaccine ( HBV ) took more than twice as long as unexposed macaques to acquire three standardized skills typically used to measure infant brain development , " Blaxill wrote .
The study showed vaccinated monkeys learned more slowly to ( 1 ) turn their head in response to a brush on the cheek ( root reflex ) ; ( 2 ) open their mouth in response to a brush on the forehead ( snout reflex ) ; and ( 3 ) suck on a nipple placed in their mouth ( suck reflex ) .
The researchers found the unvaccinated monkeys developed normally .
The study is part of a larger research program looking at the safety of the vaccine schedule in children from birth to age four .
Dr Andrew Wakefield , Executive Director of Thoughtful House , and a co-investigator of the project , told Age of Autism that he found it particularly concerning " that in spite of the recommendation to remove thimerosal from vaccines a decade ago , millions of people , many of them children and pregnant mothers , are about to get mercury in their shots .
" A 2006 study in the " Journal of American Physicians and Surgeons , " by Dr David Ayoub and Dr F Edward Yazback , titled , Influenza Vaccinations During Pregnancy : A Critical Assessment of the Recommendations of the Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices ( ACIP ) , states : " The ACIP policy recommendation of routinely administering influenza vaccine during pregnancy is ill - advised and unsupported by current scientific literature , and it should be withdrawn .
Use of thimerosal during pregnancy should be contraindicated . " " Because the benefits of influenza vaccination during pregnancy appear lacking , a safety - benefit analysis should not tolerate any risk to vaccine recipients or their offspring , even at a theoretical level , " the doctors conclude .
Back on February 28 , 2005 , the Associated Press reported that lower " IQ levels linked to mercury exposure in the womb costs the United States $ 8.7 billion a year in lost earnings potential , " citing a study by researchers at New York 's Mount Sinai hospital published in the journal , " Environmental Health Perspectives .
"
The Mount Sinai Center for Children 's Health and the Environment combined a number of previous studies to determine hundreds of thousands of babies are born every year with lower IQ associated with mercury exposure .
Lead researcher and pediatician , Leonard Trasande , reported that annually between 316,588 and 637,233 infants are born with umbilical cord blood mercury levels linked to IQ loss .
As an example , Dr Trasande said , each year about 4 % of babies are with blood mercury levels between 7.13 and 15 micrograms per liter .
That level of mercury causes an IQ loss of 1.6 points , the researchers concluded .
A 1.6 point drop could cost a person more than $ 31,000 in potential earnings over a lifetime due to missed educational opportunities or jobs , the study calculated .
The researchers found the IQ losses linked to mercury ranged from one - fifth of an IQ point to as much as 24 points .
" The Environmental Protection Agency estimates that about 8 percent of American women of childbearing age have enough mercury in their blood to put a fetus at risk , " the Associated Press noted .
R O O M G A G A
399,00 PLN
As the Copenhagen climate conference drew to a close Friday , Czech President Vaclav Klaus , long a global warming skeptic , had a message for the world : do not dictate to humanity how to live based on an " irrational ideology , " which he sees as the product of political correctness .
Global warming is a " new religion , " not a science , he said in an interview with FoxNews.com .
" I 'm convinced that after years of studying the phenomenon , global warming is not the real issue of temperature , " said Klaus , an economist by training .
" That is the issue of a new ideology or a new religion .
A religion of climate change or a religion of global warming .
This is a religion which tells us that the people are responsible for the current , very small increase in temperatures .
And they should be punished . "
Klaus , the second president of the Czech Republic since the fall of communism , is often called the Margaret Thatcher of Central Europe .
In the interview , he sounded more like Winston Churchill , vowing to defend liberty and freedom from those who would restrain global economic growth .
" I 'm absolutely convinced that the very small global warming we are experiencing is the result of natural causes , " Klaus told FoxNews.com .
" It 's a cyclical phenomenon in the history of the Earth .
The role of man is very small , almost negligible . "
Klaus believes man 's natural ingenuity can create new technologies that will lessen any impact that mankind has had on the planet 's environment .
" I do n't think the radical measures just now suggested in Copenhagen are necessary , " said Klaus .
" Politicians and their fellow travelers , the media and the business community , simply understood that this is a very good topic to take on .
It 's an excellent idea to escape from the current reality .
Not to solve the crisis , but to talk about the world in 2050 , 2080 , 2200 .
This is for them an excellent job .
They will not be punished by the voters for making a totally wrong decision , a wrong forecast . "
Klaus says that many interested parties get " a lot of money and influence " by backing the idea of global warming and organizing the Copenhagen conference , as well as its predecessor the Kyoto conference .
" Some of them are really just rent seekers who hope to get some money either for their businesses or for their countries , " says Klaus .
" Some of them are really true believers . "
The president reckons that environmentalism , executed on the scale suggested by global warming adherents , is a " real way to stop progress , industrial progress …and this is something unfair . "
Klaus fears that turning global warming into binding law would impede civilization as we know it .
" We 'll be the victims of irrational ideology .
They will try to dictate to us how to live , what to do , how to behave , " Klaus said .
" What to eat , travel , and what my children should have .
This is something that we who lived in the communist era for most of our lives — we still feel very strongly about .
We are very sensitive in this respect .
And we feel various similarities in their way of arguing or not arguing .
In the way of pushing ahead ideas regardless of rational counter - arguments . "
Klaus thinks that the world 's " silent majority " would agree with his position on global warming .
" I 'm so sorry that Al Gore and others around the IPCC succeeded in influencing so many people , " he said .
Klaus , who graduated from the University of Economics in Prague , and also studied in the U.S. at Cornell University , worked in banking during the communist era .
He was also an outspoken reformer during the " Prague Spring " in the late 1960s , a cultural revolt against totalitarian ideology .
Klaus was previously prime minister of his country , has received more than 50 honorary degrees and is colloquially known as " Mr. Professor " by his countrymen .
He worries that schoolchildren around the world are being fed global warming ideology , and that this will give the ideology more power in the future .
" We need to bring new arguments .
The real problem is n't the arguments .
The real problem is to motivate people to listen to other arguments against this .
This is the missing link in the current debate . "
Klaus says that he is in favor of " green " technology , but cautions that he is not in favor of the government dictating the development of the technology .
" I lived in a communist world where politicians told us what to do , " Klaus said .
" I do n't think politicians or presidents should suggest to firms what to do .
That has always been a mistake . "
LOS ANGELES , Calif. , Nov. 16 ( SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE ) —
From the very first page , to the final departing scene , “ The Unbearable Sadness of Zilch ” ( ISBN : 9781440158261 ) by Konrad Ventana is a riveting narrative that shines a detective ’s flashlight into the darkest of reaches of the human mind .
Only this time it is not the usual hard - boiled Private Detective who is called upon to find some hidden Truth , it is the philosophical practitioner or “ Perspicuous Eye ” who is called upon to find the lost Beauty .
In this latest book release , Ventana takes the reader behind the curtains into the fabulous theatrical world of Hollywood ’s most accomplished movie moguls , who are striving to embrace the ultimate sources of their creativity , while they struggle with their own psychological demons .
Not since Nathanael West ’s “ The Day of the Locust ” and F. Scott Fitzgerald ’s “ The Last Tycoon ” has Hollywood and the motion picture industry been seen in such a bold and illuminating light .
Brimming with sexual intrigue , eye - widening spectacle , and a host of recognizable characters , this latest release by Konrad Ventana sets a new standard of relevance and transcendence in postmodern literary fiction as it raises the bar for visual special effects ( VFX ) .
A must - read anyone who loves Hollywood stories , mystery novels , and classic literature , although the ultra - contemporary setting of this astounding new novel feels like it all happened just yesterday .
A compelling work of social criticism , The Unbearable Sadness of Zilch is a treatise on existentialism , modernism , and the emergence of a radical new brand of feminism : the feminist provocateur .
Set in Hollywood Neo-noir , and guided by an intrepid philosophical counselor ( or life coach ) , we investigate The Lost Love of the Latest Tycoon , examining the role of the muse , the magnificent intemperate impulses of the femme fatale , and the allure of the casting couch , as we witness the fall of an empire in the twilight of the egoists .
Blazing with eye - opening drama , keen psychological and insights , and layers of literary pyrotechnics , not to mention VFX , the reader is at once awed and entertained by this post - lux piece de resistance .
About the Author :
Using the pseudonym Konrad Ventana , literally “ Bold Counsel through a Window , ” the author looks behind the scenes at the ideologies of our modern times and examines the potential for future development .
This is the second book of The Post - Lux Trilogy ( on artistic creativity ) , the first of which received Editors Choice and Rising Star awards .
Author ’s Website : www.konradventana.com.
“ The Unbearable Sadness of Zilch ” ( ISBN : 9781440158261 ) is available from : www.iUniverse.com, www.bn.com, and www.amazon.com .
News issued by : Konrad Ventana
Original Image : https://www.send2press.com/wire/images/09-1116-SadZilch_72dpi.jpg
# # #
Original Story ID : ( 5478 ) :: 2009-11-1116-008
Original Keywords : author Konrad Ventana , The Unbearable Sadness of Zilch , ISBN 9781440158261 , iUniverse , rising star award , hard - boiled Private Detective , Perspicuous Eye , Hollywood Neo-noir , book , novel , author , writer , novelist , publishing , books , The Post - Lux Trilogy , on artistic creativity Konrad Ventana
News Source : Konrad Ventana
The Big Idea
It 's late on a sunny January afternoon in 2016 at the Mauna Loa Deep Background Observatory and Anne Poole and Mitch Calrus are sitting on the grass looking out over the island and the Pacific .
They 've finished their long , involved talk with the astronomers .
The object depicted on the black and white printouts in their hands has gone through classifications from " LSEAT LocalSC 45-662ACE-199204/444KJ " to " Gray - Jordheim Object " to " Quasi - Quasarlike Celestial Object " and will shortly be reclassified as a " Supernova Stack Anomaly " .
It is not Oul .
It is Oul 's wake .
The United States Special Air Corps , formerly the Department for Special Flight Research , has almost a thousand Class VIs , a fistful of Class VIIs and who - knows - how - many stronger secret Powers on their side , enough to fight a near - silent , near - bloodless land war with nothing but radar support - not even medics , not even supply trains .
They are hand - picked .
They do good work .
Overt work in bright uniforms .
Some of them , as trained members of the coastguard , police and fire services , save lives at sea and catch criminals and rescue people from burning buildings .
Some of them even speak .
Nobody trusts them , except those who , with varying degrees of irrationality , trust them unconditionally .
No other country has Powers .
Nobody trusts the Powers .
Nobody trusts the USSAC .
Nobody trusts the US .
No , there are no Powers in the CIA .
No , there are no covert Power missions .
Provided that you listen to the official story and mentally blot out every international headline from the last five years .
No , the Middle East is not stable .
And those are the good supermen - the ones who were called forward on purpose , to help the world .
The annuals ?
Those are still secret .
Mostly .
Partly .
Not at all .
Urban legend .
Conflicting reports .
No evidence .
Faulty evidence .
False evidence .
There 's Arika McClure ( why would the Americans make a teenage girl be a Class VIII ?
UNLESS < increasingly ludicrous conspiracy theories > ) , and Arika McClure 's story ( partially substantiated , mostly denied by the SAC , plenty does n't add up ) .
Several people have connected the majority of the correct dots already , but the last dot that even they could possibly find is Rome , Year Twelve - since then , nascent annual Powers have been grabbed early , isolated and , through increasingly extreme measures , disposed of .
They 're still coming through , though .
Despite every effort , they 're still coming through .
" After Zykov killed himself I spent so long looking over my shoulder , " says Mitch .
" If he corrupted that many people 's minds , how many others who I did n't even hear about ?
If he was dead , would n't I be home by now ?
Zykov had years .
We know he went all over the world looking for talent .
He locked out half a dozen vital techs that could have sent me home .
And every year a new Power comes through , carrying his power with them .
I thought it was just going to be a game of seeing how long before they became uncontainable .
" There 's mind , and there 's power .
In that basement in Omsk I thought I was going to kill him .
And it turns out I still have n't even seen the real Oul .
I need all my power .
Not these dribs and drabs spread over a million people who are n't me . "
" We could brute - force the Script , " suggests Anne .
There 's a long silence .
Anne waits patiently while Mitch processes the enormity of her suggestion .
The Script is sixty trillion bits long , but more importantly it is so informationally dense that nobody 's decoded more than a few percent of in all the years since it was discovered .
Take a two - inch - thick chemistry textbook .
Compress it to four pages of handwritten revision notes .
Make a two - inch - thick textbook of the same density as those notes .
Do all of this another dozen times and now you have the Script .
Mitch asks
Anne how long it would take .
The Red
2017 .
It 's past midnight , two thirds of the way down the 417 - mile route that links the stupendously isolated hamlet of Flinke , Northern Territory to State Route 8 into Alice Springs .
Mark and Sally Bryant are n't lost .
It 's a one - dimensional universe out here .
There are only two directions , forwards and back the way they came , and their GPS is working perfectly .
Nor are they as completely incompetent as Outback explorers can often be .
They have enough food , water , fuel and survival training that by sunrise they could make it to Alice and quite a lot of the way back .
It 's not a bad vehicle to be driving and April 's not a bad month for the trip .
But when the Jeep 's head gasket gives up the ghost , and Mark has no choice but to declare their vehicle legally dead , they both get good and angry at one another .
They were enjoying the experience of being further from civilisation than most people ever get to be , racing down the bumpy , barely - maintained " road " at sixty miles per hour with rocky sandy scrub surrounding them and the most glorious waltz of stars overhead ( until a week ago neither of them had even seen the Milky Way , with naked eyes or otherwise ) , but that enjoyment was keyed to the fact that if everything went sideways they could , at any time , elect to leave the wilderness immediately and indefinitely .
Sally , fiftyish , has been married to Mark , fiftyish , for long enough that she can recognise the pattern of their argument .
She quietly short - circuits it by skipping to the end , the point at which everything that can be said has been said , she is no longer cross , and she is in a position to dispassionately address the problem .
Without a resisting force to rail against , Mark soon calms down too , and they begin to discuss what they are going to say when they radio the emergency services for a pickup .
A truck is dispatched from Alice .
Given the circumstances - distance , urgency , preparedness , level of insurance - it'll take around three hours to arrive and cost them a couple of thousand Australian dollars .
The fee is a problem .
They really can't afford it .
They will probably have to cut their holiday short .
But being stranded is the immediate problem and cash is way off on the horizon .
Mark says " It 'll be fine " to Sally enough times that they both accept that it will , at some possibly - distant future time , be fine .
Eventually they get hungry .
Sally climbs out of the car to retrieve food from the boot .
*
The emergency call is taken by Jacqueline Smith of the Royal Flying Doctor Service of Australia .
Jacqueline is forty - five , has worked for the RFDS for more than half of her life , and has seen everything .
Mark Bryant is terrified but still , to his credit , coherent .
" My wife 's been bitten by something .
I do n't know what .
You need to send someone here as soon as you can .
She 's catatonic and I do n't think she 's breathing properly and her ankle 's swelling up like nothing I 've ever seen .
I can't -- there 's a tow truck on its way already but they do n't have a doctor with them and they 're still hours out so you have to send a plane or something .
We 're talking minutes and seconds , not hours and minutes . "
Jacqueline pushes the red button .
" Give me your GPS coordinates . "
Mark Bryant scrabbles for the satnav and rattles off a dozen digits of latitude and longitude , pinpointing their location in the desert to the east of Alice Springs .
Jacqueline Smith confirms every digit as it arrives and transmits the full coordinates to the airfield .
" Okay , we now have an agent in the air bound for your location , estimated time of arrival is three minutes , ten seconds .
If you have any large light sources , such as headlights , flares or flashlights , please activate them now so that you 're clearly visible from the air . "
" Did you say three minutes ? "
" Yes , sir .
Now please can you give me your wife 's name and then describe her condition in as much detail as possible ? "
" How can you possibly get someone here so fast - - "
" Ms. McClure has a top speed of just over Mach 4 , sir .
Since she is not yet a qualified physician , she will retrieve your wife only , bring her to Alice Springs Hospital for emergency treatment and then return for you separately .
Please tell me your wife 's name and condition so we can prepare treatment for her . "
" Does she need a runway ? "
" No .
What is your wife 's name ? "
Mark Bryant tells her his wife 's name .
*
He is still describing symptoms when KOOM , something splits the air overhead and Arika McClure spirals in to land .
She wears a green EMT 's outfit with high - visibility stripes blackened by dust after the trip , and she 's towing a sleek white single - occupant hypervelocity pod with a winking red signal light on top of it .
Before Mark can react , Arika has the Jeep door opened and is carefully lifting Sally out head - first , forcing herself to move at minimum speed in order to avoid injuring her .
This is the hardest part .
The job is critically time - sensitive yet incredibly delicate , and she could do it in a fraction of a second if she simply relaxed for a moment .
Sally 's entire lower leg is bright purple - black .
She 's unconscious and perspiring and her teeth are clenched , trapped in a painful nightmare .
Arika 's seen this kind of reaction a dozen times before , and it does n't mean anything to her .
Each of those patients received a different professional diagnosis , and a third of them died before they could be treated .
Arika is not a medic yet .
Being able to do an hour 's studying in the space of fifteen seconds has n't made her medical training any less tedious or difficult , and the simple years of experience she needs to become qualified can't be magically accumulated faster than the real world provides them to her .
Mark cries , " Is she going to be okay ?
I do n't know what she was bitten by ! "
" Do n't talk to me .
Talk to the doctors , " explains Arika .
She flips the HV pod 's lid open with a well - practiced nudge of the foot , and straps Sally to the contoured couch inside it .
She points at the radio in Mark 's hand .
" I 'm just an ambulance .
They know what they 're doing . "
She ramps up in perceptual acceleration , studying his face .
The man is shaking and close to tears .
He 's genuinely petrified and it's not because the poisonous creature ( it was a snake , Arika knows from looking at the wound ) is still around the place somewhere .
It 's because he does n't want to leave Sally 's side .
On an impulse , Arika strips off her wristwatch and sets it to count down .
She puts it in Mark 's free hand .
" I 'll be back for you in ten minutes .
I promise .
Get back in the car and stay there .
Keep the line open . "
She wraps a hand around the pod 's steel towbar and levitates into the air until the pod is off the ground .
She aims back down the track and within a second all Mark can see is the blinking red beacon .
Another two blinks and there 's nothing left .
KOOM .
Mark gets back into the driver 's seat and stares at the point in the sky where Arika and Sally were last visible .
After a while he switches off the headlights so he can see better , but there is still nothing to see but the the Milky Way and crescent Moon .
Mark Bryant is one of the few people in the world who are watching the sky live when the Milky Way begins to erode , blackened out star by star by the rapidly pooling and merging black network of event horizons , as they enclose and coddle the Solar System .
*
Arika is moving down Route 8 at more than four thousand kilometres per hour when she feels the power begin to go out of her .
She reacts instinctively and instantaneously , as if skidding on unexpected ice : she stops squeezing the mental trigger that accelerates her forward through the air and surrenders , as much as she dares , to drag , shedding speed and altitude .
An instant later she realises that that 's not going to do it and she splays herself across the front of the hypervelocity pod and starts actively braking it and forcing it to the ground as fast as possible , gee forces be damned .
By the time the total celestial eclipse is completed and her last downlink from Oul 's colossal cosmic energy reserves is severed , she is within a metre of the road - paved single carriageway , by this point - but still over the national speed limit .
She hangs onto the front of the pod as it ploughs nose - first into the concrete , bearing most of its impact herself .
She continues to cling to the top for the first bounce , then loses her grip when it smashes down again a hundred metres further down the road .
She hits the road separately and rolls , her power reserves evaporating and her cellular structure violently catching up with reality .
The pod careens off into the crash barrier and comes to rest near the middle of the road , six or seven car lengths ahead of her , damaged but upright .
Seconds crawl past .
" I 've lost power , " Arika whimpers .
" I ca n't fly . "
Nobody can hear her .
Her radio is broken .
I can't lift vehicles anymore , she thinks .
I can't handle dangerous animals anymore .
I 'm going to have to buy food .
Arika can see Sally Bryant still safely buckled into her seat , illuminated by soft white interior lights .
She sees no blood or obvious injuries , but from this distance , and having just hit the ground with her head ( and shoulders , spine , ribs , hip and left ankle ) that hard , Arika hardly trusts her own vision .
Even if the RFDS realises that her GPS tracker has stopped moving - or disappeared , which is more likely - and sends a plane immediately , it 'll take at least thirty minutes for them to get to her last reported location .
And even if the husband got out of the car and found the snake , there 's no difference between a copperhead and a taipan when it's this dark , so there 's no way of knowing what treatment to use .
I can't fly anymore and Sally Bryant is going to die .
The red light flashes again .
Arika realises that the real world is still moving at normal speed .
She has spent the last twelve years automatically ducking into accelerated time whenever she needs a few extra moments to think about something .
But that 's another one of the million tricks that she 'll never be able to use again .
Minutes and seconds .
Not hours and minutes .
Unless .
Arika shakes the stars out of her head .
Agonisingly slowly , she gets up .
She walks towards the pod .
Favouring her good leg and clutching her bad arm to stop it hurting , she manages a steady but wretched shuffle .
She concentrates on the blinking red light on the pod , keeping it fixed in her gaze so each flash of the bulb imprints on the same point on her retinas , until she 's near enough that she can collapse against the side of the pod .
She reaches down - her cracked rib moves painfully and makes her wince - and prises open the equipment compartment with one hand .
Two of the five trays of stored medical equipment slide partially out of their slots .
Arika takes one of them and pulls it all the way out and onto the road .
She is not a medic , but sometimes carries medics to emergencies when it 's known that the patient can't be moved .
She slumps down with her back against the pod , and opens the box with her good hand .
Inside it are a handful of individually wrapped syringes and two dozen small , cold bottles with extremely complicated labels .
She finds the five that are labelled as snake antivenoms and reads them carefully in turn .
She thinks about snake habitats and behaviour , envenomation symptoms and the controllability of side - effects .
She takes an educated guess , and climbs back up the side of the pod for long enough to administer the injection to Sally 's left upper arm .
Then , light - headed , exhausted , lulled by the hypnotic winking of the red beacon , she lies down in the road beside the pod , and goes to sleep .
The tow truck finds them like that , an hour and thirty minutes later .
Sally Bryant lives .
She is the two hundred and twenty - third life that Arika McClure has saved .
You Are Here
It 's 2111 , the very start of the era that 'll eventually come to be known as " post - environment " .
Anne Poole is fully clothed , but that 's more of a concession to the legacy she represents than it is a concession to decency , or protection from the skin- searing , sand - blasting elements of the aftermath of the Hot War and the catastrophic Drop .
When you are time 's most remote outpost of humanity , everything you carry with you is significant .
She wears clothes because humans wore clothes back when they existed .
It 's conceivable that a million years from now another intelligent species will arise on Earth and Anne will be responsible for communicating to them the fact that We Were Here .
That 's all a sentient species can really hope to achieve , after all : to make a mark on the universe big enough to prove that there was a moment in history when there was a sentient species , in this vicinity , with the power to make that big of a mark .
All that 's left of the human race right now is Anne Poole , a network of fried , shellshocked cities gradually eroding down to stubs in the unstoppable sun-driven sandstorms and nitric acid rain , and some footprints on the Moon .
It 'll take time to erase all of it , but geology is a patient entity and astronomy ten times more so .
Anne Poole has a lot of time on her hands .
There are still living creatures here and there on the cursed Earth .
She has seen cockroaches and other insects scuttling about , and larger creatures with thicker skins which she has n't been able to get close enough to properly identify , like the odd alligatory lizard .
Whether they 'll last out the radiation is anybody 's guess .
Whether they can survive the wind is anybody 's guess .
Three hundred miles per hour , the wind blows on bad days .
They should call the world Venus II .
Of course , " anybody " is Anne Poole alone , now .
And there 's no " they " .
She 's tried to fly planes and helicopters but none of them are operational and she does n't know how to fix them .
She tries motor vehicles at random and sometimes they 'll actually drive , but it 's very rare that she finds a full mile of road that 's intact and clear of debris .
Sometimes , when a superhurricane comes along headed in the right direction , she builds a sail and wind - surfs .
But for the remainder of the last N years , where N is a number she no longer remembers , Anne Poole has been picking her way east on foot .
There 's no GPS , no electronic maps and precious little surviving paper .
Now she 's east of Germany , even the maps that are still legible are n't comprehensible to her , and there are no locals to ask for directions .
Still , she eventually makes it to Talmansk Raion .
And she makes it to the city of Talmansk , and follows the beaten highway north through the hills , like a record - breaking quantity of construction vehicles and materials before her .
She crests the final peak and spread out below her , largely immune to the elements , is the front end of a kilometres - long dome system , occupying the branching , concealed valley system like a complex fractal starfish , built of glassy ice - blue artificial diamond hexagons all tarnished a dusty black .
The highway leads right up to its main entrance , which was closed and locked M years even before the disaster .
Its lights are still on .
She walks up to the airlock - two storeys tall , metres thick , with massive interlocking teeth - and begins banging on it .
Talmansk Arcology was international news .
If there was still a living human anywhere in the world , Anne Poole knew it was going to be here .
They have the vat - cloning technology she needs - the knowledge , that is .
Maybe not the machinery , but that can be built .
And in her backpack is a hardened storage volume containing six distinct backups of Mitch Calrus ' brain .
And if they 're corrupted she knows where to go to get more : namely , anywhere .
It was the most widely - distributed , intensely mirrored file in the world .
Anne keeps up the rhythm for most of a day , and at the end of the day , the airlock illuminates green and begins to grind open .
Escape From Planet Earth
The Federated Shiftship Kardashev V passes the first advance warning beacon at a record - breaking velocity of almost one hundred and fifty thousand universes per second -- so fast that the second and third warning beacons are dopplering into its wake long before the ship 's communications array has had time to decode , process and handle the first warning , let alone present it to the ship 's captain for consideration and action .
All three beacons explain , in more than three quarters of a million distinct languages and in the most urgent possible terms , that the Space As You Know
It is about to run out , and that all passing shiftships should immediately begin braking to avoid running headlong into the solid far wall of the multiverse .
That 's a problem , though , because a regular shiftship is to the Kardashev V as a Honda Civic is to Thrust SSC .
The KV was brought all the way out to its home universe 's Oort Cloud to make sure that it did n't collide with anything else during its mission to circumnavigate the multiverse , and it 's spent the last two years and a measurable fraction of the multiversal curve doing nothing but accelerate kata , and it's not able to brake substantially faster than it 's able to accelerate .
You might as well put a sign saying " Bridge out 1/4 mile ahead " in front of a train moving at half the speed of light .
Captain Xaeyo and his crew of 332 have a little over eight hundred and sixty millionths of a second to live .
As luck would have it , Universe +1 , representing as it does the last accessible universe on the entire multiversal strand , is where a lot of explorers fetch up .
More frequently than not , these explorers reach this distance from home by employing the most fantastic science available in their home universes .
Which means that this is where the fantastic technology accumulates , like driftwood .
If there 's anywhere in the multiverse that you 'll be able to evacuate three hundred people from a distressed spaceship in less than a millisecond , it 's here .
The MITT Array ( it 's a backronym ) is an automated network of space stations distributed over an oblate hemihyperspheroid of 4 - space centred on Earth +1 , eight light years in diameter and fourteen universes tall .
The beacon 's warning , " An unknown ship is incoming at extremely high speed ! " , reaches MITT fractionally before the distress signal of the ship itself , and the portions of the array that will be needed to catch it are awake and operational just as the Kardashev V reaches Universe + 12 .
Between +12 and +11 a MITT information agent negotiates access to the KV's encrypted information store , and from +11 kata it retrieves data in strict order of priority .
It starts with the crew 's mind - states .
Each of the crew has a neural implant which performs a regular backup of their current mind - state to the ship 's mainframe - " regular " being " once per second " , meaning very little valuable life experience will be lost in the crash .
Their saved minds can be resurrected electronically in pretty much any suitably approved virtual reality container , such as the five hundred or so bundled along with the mind - states .
Their physical bodies will be lost , unfortunately , so the next thing saved is the crew 's genetic database .
The ship will be lost too , but , in much the same vein , MITT is able to save its sensor logs and its blueprints .
MITT runs out the clock recording the live sensor feed as the ship hits the Wall , and many observers in nearby 4 - space also tune in to watch what happens .
Nothing this big's ever hit the Wall this hard .
It does n't penetrate , of course , but that does n't mean there 's nothing to learn from the explosion .
*
It 's Sol Earth Gregorian Common Era Five Four Three Five .
( It 's probably a million other years , too , depending on where you 're from and how you count them .
Here at the edge of the multiverse , where all humanity eventually arrives , the popular epoch of late is the Yuur Unambiguous Era , in which the current year number is The Smallest Year Number Not Currently In Use Anywhere Else .
It 's currently YUE 189 , but sooner or later a traveller is going to arrive whose own epoch was 189 years ago , causing YUE to conscientiously jump forward to 190 to avoid the clash . )
Universe +1 is the first of approximately 1.84E13 parallel universes arranged in a closed circle in hyperspace .
Because most Earths are still , to within acceptable tolerances , firmly rooted to their original orbital track , stepping between parallel Earths is substantially simpler than stepping from planet to planet within a solar system , let alone crossing a universe to reach other stars .
So even though many parts of the multiverse have FTL travel , the Earth - shaped core of the multiverse is where almost everything happens .
Almost every conceivable eventuality is happening out there on the strand somewhere , on some Earth .
Every historical path has been taken , for better or worse .
There is cross-universe communication , trade , cultural exchange , technological exchange , colonisation , invasion , conflict and war .
There are perfect shining lights and completely extinguished graveyard universes which neighbouring Earths use for weapons testing .
The skies above the more civilised , managed Earth - clusters are a blizzard of instantaneous flashes caused by shiftships travelling ana and kata along designated safe spacelanes , spending a fraction of a second in each intermediate universe in turn .
Other regions of the multiverse , due to twists of fate , are yet to even discover multiversal travel , and patiently await first contact .
Some of those uncontacted worlds are going to suffer when their neighbours come looking for gold , fresh water , territory , and room to dump their waste .
A very few Earths do n't exist anymore .
Some of the Earths have adopted different names , " Eden " being the most popular choice , but most Earths are still called Earth .
Some Earths have numbers , but most of the numbered ones number themselves 1 or 0 , and go from there when numbering their neighbours .
Which means that the first question Xaeyo is asked when he wakes up is not where he 's from , but how far he 's come to be here .
" I 'm sorry .
Where is ' here ' ? "
It 's a freshly made bed in a clean white virtual hotel room overlooking a pool , a green lawn , a beach and an ocean .
Xaeyo gets up , and he finds that he looks exactly like he 's used to looking in virtuality : two metres tall , uniformed , broad - shouldered , with facial hair he 's never quite figured out what to do with .
Virtuality is no problem to him ; the only problem is that he 's supposed to be on the Kardashev V's bridge .
The virtual man at the foot of his bed , a small , plump , older man with greying blond hair , explains what has happened to the Kardashev V and its crew , using diagrams and video footage .
" Please can you tell me how far from home you are ? " he concludes .
The man does n't need to be asking this , because the information was pulled out of the ship with time to spare , but Xaeyo needs orienting .
" Almost four point seven trillion universes , " he replies .
" We were trying to map the whole multiverse . "
The man nods .
" That 's correct .
Well , you 've succeeded as far as you were ever likely to .
This is Universe + 1 .
Unfortunately , it is impossible to travel beyond this point along the multiversal curve .
There is a discontinuity in the multiverse .
We believe that if you turned around and headed in the opposite direction , you would eventually encounter the same problem from the far side - there is almost certainly another universe , - 1 , there , confronted with the same conundrum as us .
Captain Xaeyo , are you aware that there are walls ? "
Xaeyo expresses polite incomprehension .
" There are walls surrounding and containing us .
They prevent certain things from being possible .
They block out certain features that the multiverse should have , but does not . "
" Walls are built to be torn down , " says Xaeyo , more or less automatically .
He does not understand .
And his feet itch .
As a born explorer , standing still and not going anywhere always makes him feel like he is , in some way , wasting time .
" I agree .
They nest , you see , and all of them contain this entire multiverse , as far as anybody knows .
Except this one .
It nests inside the others but it contains just one universe .
Zero . "
" And what 's special about that universe ? "
" We can't travel to it or communicate with it .
Other than that , we do n't know .
Because we can't travel to it or communicate with it .
" There 's supposed to be teleportation .
Not the way we hack it , with deconstruction and reconstruction by nanobots ; I mean true teleportation .
And FTL communications .
But they 're walled off from us .
Why ?
Well , this is why .
Behind this wall is the reason .
" There 's supposed to be an afterlife . "
The Arrangement
It was going to take twenty thousand years , using " brute force " ( a subtle form of brute force , admittedly : an incredibly complex and unearthly powerful and mind - bogglingly resilient self - programming supercomputer ) , to unravel enough of the Script to successfully " earth " all of Mitch " Xio " Calrus ' remaining power .
Thanks to Zhang 's sacrifice , humanity had now bought that time , and Anne Poole , for one , was almost certain to live long enough see the calculation through to the end .
Mitch Calrus , though , was not .
And Xio's mind had to be there , alive and operational in a capable shell , to receive the power at the end of the calculation .
At that moment , the New Cosmology could be undone , Oul would attack , Xio would defeat Oul , and the story would be over .
So , conscious of his present shell 's mortality , Mitch Calrus had himself backed up .
Those backups were distributed as far across the world as he could finance .
When Calrus inevitably died , which would happen hundreds of times before the calculation was complete , Anne Poole would arrange for him to be resurrected .
In turn , whenever Anne Poole was abducted , buried , lost , stranded or marooned - and this , too happened dozens of times over the next twenty - odd millennia - Mitch Calrus sought her out , pulled her out of her prison using his four - dimensional powers and restored her mind to normal as well .
And so they found one another , over and again .
They kept one another sane , and together on their shared path .
In the mid-21st century , a series of more than a hundred nearly - identical , nearly - useless , linearly independent Script technologies had been discovered .
Poole and Calrus built a device which could access , implement , plunder , abuse and overuse any of those eigentechnologies , such that each time it was activated , the Imprisoning God would take offence and wipe all coherent information off the face of the Earth to stop it .
In metaphorical terms , the bomb was leverage ; an altar upon which an aspect of science could be sacrificed in return for divine favours .
A Ship of Theseus , it was completely replaced using spare parts more times than it was ever used , but in spirit it remained the same bomb throughout the calculation .
Poole used it nineteen times altogether , at times when humanity came close to self - destruction , making sure , at great expense , that there would be something left to live happily ever after .
Anne Poole was immune to the bomb 's effects , but Calrus and the supercomputers were not .
Progress through the Script attack - critical to the endeavour , incredibly time - consuming to recalculate if lost , and most importantly quite tiny in real terms - was stored in the most resilient format practical , as binary data punched into metre - square plates of metal .
Calrus ' mind , weighing in at a cool pebibyte , was less easily duplicated - the volume of metal required would be measured in cubic kilometres .
He was saved in secure bunkers , insulated and isolated as far as possible from the Imprisoning God 's destructive reach .
The final Crash was instigated in 22730 .
It was significantly more powerful than expected .
Travelling solo , Poole visited bunkers in ( regions previously known as ) Lesotho , Mauritius , Mogadishu , the Bayuda Desert , the Arabian desert , Kazhakstan and two in Russia .
The final and most secure was at the North Pole , on the very far side of the Earth , which she eventually reached four years after the Crash .
Every copy of Calrus ' mind - state had been corrupted .
There was nothing left but noisy binary .
There was no copy of Calrus left anywhere on Earth .
*
In the early 21st century , very shortly after memory surgery first became practical but before it became cheap , two hundred and fifty people paid to have their mind - states stored alongside the battery of conventional scientific instruments on the TRIDENT space probe .
TRIDENT was sent to observe Neptune and ultimately land on its moon Nereid .
It would continue transmitting data until its radiothermal generator ran out , half a century later , and then lie dormant until it was destroyed by an asteroid , most likely billions of years later still .
Mitchell Calrus was one of those people .
And so , thousands of years later , Anne Poole went to Science City , set herself up as a God and created Empyreanism , the Religion Of Space , in which the sky and planets were Heaven , which humanity had to reach and visit in person in order to obtain salvation .
At the expense of all other scientific and social progress , aerospace engineering and astronomy and their related disciplines became the only important undertakings in the world .
" Go into space .
God says you must .
Nothing else matters . "
The first manned space launches happened within two hundred years .
The Moon was reached ten years later and Mars twenty years after that -- most of that time being transit time .
It was during this time that Umbra 's anomalous position ( off - centre , nowhere near where the God- Empress directed her astronomers to search ) and velocity ( inbound towards the Sun , due to arrive in a matter of centuries ) were discovered .
It was also during this time that , in countries not directly under the God-Empress 's control , the Empyrean Message became corrupted into , among other forms , the Trail Of The Indivisible Soul .
The Sun became Heaven , Umbra became Hell , the duplication of human mind - states became a religious abomination punishable by death , and significant and inconvenient prophecies regarding Anne Poole , Umbra and the end of the world arose .
This is how close it was :
The one - way manned mission to Neptune reached its destination on the same day that the invasion of the Empyrean Empire began .
The shelling of Science City began fifty - five minutes before the download from TRIDENT did .
The Empyrean Empire was overthrown and Poole herself was captured just hours later , and Calrus - despite disorientation from his journey across such an enormous span of time - escaped to the Underground by a margin of seconds .
The Four - Dimensional Man
From the passenger seat of their aircraft , Amarkaya directs Mitch to fly to a rendezvous point in Kaphir , a smaller settlement west - southwest of Science City , which was hit and overrun by invading forces days ago , and now stands deserted .
On her instructions , Mitch lands the aircraft in the town square at the foot of the steps of a large pillared governmental building .
Then he climbs out of the cockpit , scratches an Empyrean design in the dust underfoot , and waits .
Hours pass without incident .
Mitch occasionally sips water from a bottle , and tries to shield his eyes from the setting Sun as it moves between the nearby shells of bombed - out office buildings .
Amarkaya quickly falls asleep again .
At dusk , bored , and having spent as much time as he thinks is reasonable holding it in , Mitch wanders away and takes a leak against the aircraft 's rear landing gear .
As he 's finishing up he hears a noise .
He turns back around and there are two black - clad soldiers with guns pointed at him , having assembled silently like ninjas .
( There are aspects of their uniforms and shoes which allow them to move so quietly , but Mitch never gets the chance to ask about them . )
Mitch raises his hands , and half a dozen more soldiers in more conventional gear ( and making a more conventional amount of noise ) appear from behind walls and inside nearby buildings .
They converge on the aircraft .
One of them goes to the cockpit , opens the passenger door and begins rousing Amarkaya .
They do n't look hostile , just pathologically cautious .
" I think we 're on the same side , " Mitch suggests to them .
But it seems like Amarkaya has been recognised , and she has begun to explain the story .
*
After twenty thousand years , it transpires that Anne Poole has learned how to create , inspire and arm an extremist religious underground .
The surviving network of Empyreanists is a powerfully - motivated , compartmentalised organisation of cells , roles and codenames .
They 're frighteningly hard - edged men and women ( and children ) , capable of any act imaginable if it will bring the final two copies of Xio 's mind - Mitch himself and the slab of metal Anne pressed into his hand in her last seconds of freedom - to the Antarctic calculation node .
This is their purpose in life .
Their world is ending and this is the only thing that can save them .
That people will change radically under such extreme circumstances does n't surprise Mitch , but these people are prepared .
They 've been training for this insane situation , putting together a network of transit vehicles and escorts and handoffs with the sole purpose of catapulting a single man from Science City all the way to Cape Town and then onwards to the South Pole as quickly as possible , at any cost .
Calrus ' party 's journey to the southern tip of the African continent is rough , eventful , difficult and time - consuming .
Leaving aside the eternally disputed territories through which they are covertly attempting to travel , and the hostile presence of what seem to be entire armies and countries bent on the destruction of every aspect and inhabitant of the Empyreanist Empire , they are also pursued by heat .
The journey takes weeks , during which the Earth falls millions of kilometres closer to the Sol / Umbra binary system .
Earth is not spiralling inevitably into Umbra , because spiral orbits do n't exist .
A black hole is not a magical cosmic magnet ; it can be modelled as a point mass like any other and the laws of orbital mechanics apply to it as much as any other object ( outside of its event horizon ) .
Earth is merely adjusting to a new , elliptical orbit with an intolerably hot perihelion .
There is no singular point at which a planet becomes uninhabitable to human life , but an absence of drinkable water suffices , and the average surface temperature at the Equator is going to pass boiling point before this is over .
Mitch ducks when he 's told , and runs and shoots when he 's told .
He phases , reconnoitres and kills when his four - dimensional powers are needed .
He watches himself do these things , disconnected .
On many occasions he is called upon to assure himself and others : " I will be able to reset everything to normal .
Instantly .
Once I have my power back . "
Their ship reaches the Antarctic coast days later than expected , in dangerous and unpredictable sea conditions precipitated by the unprecedented ramping - up of global temperature .
Cold - weather gear is not necessary as they board the helicopter and continue to head south across rapidly liquifying ice shelf and enormous impassable white rushing rivers and , in places , exposed rock .
Antarctica 's body is sloughing away under the intensifying Sun .
It is being blasted down to the bone .
When they reach the coordinates where the enormous granite geodesic dome is supposed to be located , it is n't there .
The landscape has changed too much .
The building has been carried away by moving ice .
But it was always a complete sphere , not a dome , and it floated on the ice , rather than being built on top of it , allowing it to roll and drift with the flow - up to a point , anyway .
It has left a trail wide enough to follow from the air .
A horizon north they catch up with it .
It has fallen into an enormous rocky crevasse , where sharp outcroppings have dented and punctured its roof and destroyed its structural integrity .
There 's just enough of the granite shell left for Mitch Calrus to be able to see what the machine inside it was supposed to look like - all intricate golden and steel and silicon gears and cylinders , now bent and broken by the drop and impact .
There are hexagonal granite pieces weighing tens of tonnes littering the floor of the icy canyon .
There are plates of metal punched with holes .
There are crushed supercomputers .
The half - shell that 's left is slowly filling with ice and icy water flowing into the crevasse from the south .
It 's a trainwreck .
It 's a broken , drooling egg .
Despairing , Calrus commands the pilot to bring them in through the huge hole in the dome 's roof , and descend as close as possible to the hub at the centre of the shell , where four walkways radiate out at right angles towards the rim of the dome .
" Poole said you 'd know what to do .
She said it would be obvious , " someone shouts over the aircraft 's rotors .
" Obvious ? " Calrus shouts back .
" What 's obvious about this ?
Other than the fact that the whole thing has been smashed to pieces ?
Look at the ice build - up .
This can't have happened more than a few days ago .
We were just late .
I crossed millennia .
I got out of Science City by the skin of my teeth .
I came all this distance and worked for all this time , and you did n't get me here quickly enough .
She spent two hundred and fifty years building a spacefaring civilisation to rescue me , and we were late . "
A million things which have cost him time race through Calrus ' head .
" I thought this dome thing was safe .
I thought the calculation was finished and the result was waiting for me , I 'd just have to say some magic words and it'd all be over .
And I could go home . "
" It is all over . "
" Who are you talking to ? " asks a third voice .
" Do you hear it , Mitch ? " the first continues .
" There 's no such thing as time travel .
Backward or forward .
You can't get out of the trap like that , it 's capped at both ends .
Which means a point must come when you can't go forward in time any further .
And you have to stop and turn back .
Or die . "
" Which one of you said that ? " shouts Calrus , turning around and facing the other three occupants of the helicopter .
" Said what ? " replies one of them .
" Who are you talking to ? "
" I warned you , " says the first voice , still somehow behind him .
" Do you hear it coming ? "
The aircraft explodes .
POOM .
*
Anne Poole , after a month of travel , has reached Umbra .
Thanks to the enormous gravitational gradient , she can not move .
Her arms are clamped to her sides and her toes are pointed straight down into the black hole .
Her capsule and restraints have long since been torn away from her and crushed into atoms by the same tidal forces .
She would see momentary flashes of distorted light from the Sun and other captured photons above her , if her eyelids were n't held closed under tonnes of their own weight .
Anne Poole has no way of knowing what is happening on Earth , if the word " is " even has the usual meaning in a region of such intense spacetime distortion .
She finishes up her magic spell .
Still intact , immovable , she hits the event horizon at a respectable fraction of the speed of light , with her protected synapses still able to fire information at one other , even while semi-infinite gravitational forces try to prise her apart at the quark level .
And nothing gives .
Spacetime screams contradiction and paradox , and there is an instant during which the laws of physics and even the Imprisoning God itself all drop into failure mode -- an instant during which an intelligent mind , suitably positioned , is able to make a decision about what happens next .
At the expense of her own life and a technology which , if allowed to grow to fruition , would have come to be known as Secondary Functional Singularity Modulation , Anne Poole chooses to dissolve Umbra .
She disintegrates in an instant .
The kink in spacetime untwists , the Solar System reconnects to the rest of the universe .
Oul attacks .
He blows up the Sun first ; it 's nearer .
Then he loops in space and accelerates towards the nearest powerful beacon of intelligent thought , which is Earth .
Danish nanophysicists have developed a new method for manufacturing the cornerstone of nanotechnology research -- nanowires .
The discovery has great potential for the development of nanoelectronics and highly efficient solar cells .
It is PhD student Peter Krogstrup , Nano - Science Center , the Niels Bohr Institute at the University of Copenhagen , who developed the method during his dissertation .
" We have changed the recipe for producing nanowires .
This means that we can produce nanowires that contain two different semiconductors , namely gallium indium arsenide and indium arsenide .
It is a big breakthrough , because for first time on a nanoscale , we can combine the good characteristics of the two materials , thus gaining new possibilities for the electronics of the future , " explains Peter Krogstrup .
We can capture more of the sun 's light
Today only approximately 1 % of the world 's electricity comes from solar energy .
This is because it is difficult to convert solar energy into electricity .
It is a great advantage for the researchers to be able to combine different semiconductors in the same nanowire .
" Different materials capture energy from the sun in different and quite specific absorption areas .
When we manufacture nanowires of gallium indium arsenide and indium arsenide , which each have their own absorption area , they can collectively capture energy from a much wider area .
" We can therefore utilize more solar energy , if we produce nanowires from the two superconductors and use them for solar cells , " explains Peter Krogstrup
The nanowires of gallium indium arsenide and indium arsenide also have great potential in nanoelectronics .
They can , for example , be used in the new OLED displays and LEDs .
But it requires sharp transitions between the two materials in the nanowire .
No soft transitions
The cultivation of nanowires takes place in a vacuum chamber .
The researchers lay a gold droplet on a thin disc comprising of the semiconductor and the nanowire grows up from below .
In the transition between the two semiconductor materials in the gold droplet there was previously a mixing between the materials in the gold droplet and there was a soft transition between the materials .
With the new method both of the materials can go from the top of the gold droplet or from the underside of the gold droplet .
When the material comes from the underside , there is no mixing of the semiconductor materials .
There is therefore a sharp transition on the atomic level between the gallium indium arsenide and indium arsenide .
" This sharp transition between the two semiconductors is necessary for the current -- in the form of electrons , to be able to travel with high efficiency between the two materials .
If the transition is soft , the electrons can easily get caught in the border area .
The new mixed nanowire can be beneficial for many areas of nano research around the world , " says Peter Krogstrup , who has been working at the Danish III - V Nanolab , operated in collaboration between the University of Copenhagen and the Technical University of Denmark .
A new collaboration between the company SunFlake A/S and The Danish National Advanced Technology Foundation has recently begun .
SunFlake A/S uses nanowires to develop prototypes of solar cells and they can also benefit from the new method in their continuing work .
The nanophysicists ' discovery has just been published in the scientific journal Nano Letters .
Agency Gobbles Up Risky Mortgages in ’09
The FHA has effectively replaced sub - prime lenders who went bust .
They ’re under pressure to prop - up housing prices , and are insuring heaps of risky loans in an effort to do so .
Their guidelines are slipping and loan - volumes are skyrocketing .
Delinquencies are skyrocketing too , reaching 14.4 % in the 2nd quarter of 2009 , according to the NYT ( borrowers at least one payment late ) .
Even more shocking is this number :
In 2009 FHA has insured 23 % of all new mortgages .
That ’s up from 2 % in 2006 ( source : LAT ) .
That spells big trouble down the road .
FHA loans have gone from being a small piece of the market with conservative guidelines to Countrywide - reborn .
This Ditech.com screenshot ( taken 9/18/09 ) advertises loose FHA Loan policies .
They highlight “ easier qualifying guidelines on FHA loans ” and “ flexibile credit and income guidelines “ .
It looks straight out of a Countrywide commercial circa 2003 , but I assure you I took it yesterday .
Hard to believe we ’re using these tactics again already .
Can we at least get a little break between bubbles ?
“ Easier Qualifying Guidelines ” ?
Seriously ?
Here ’s another example of FHA - backed loans , from Wells Fargo this time ( screenshot also taken 9/18/09 ) :
Notable : “ Flexibile income , credit and debt guidelines , including non-traditional credit histories , incentives for public employees
Wells Fargo is offering “ incentives for public employees ” , as part of a government - loan guarantee program ?
That seems …off .
Not to mention the line about those with “ non-traditional credit histories ” .
Translation : “ Even if you ’re a questionable borrower , we can probably work something out .
After all , we ’re not going to eat the loss . ”
Quick FHA Rundown
The government agency does not lend directly , but stimulates demand by insuring loans .
FHA takes all the risk , while borrowers pay a premium to cover losses .
Lenders get a sweetheart deal with almost zero risk .
Yet another method of shifting private risk onto the public under the guise of “ providing capital necessary for growth ” .
New Commissioner says No Bailout Needed
The agency ’s new commisioner , David Stevens claims they can avoid a bailout through reform .
From LAT :
The FHA does not plan to raise mortgage insurance premiums , he said .
Instead , it is trying to reduce its risk of future losses .
The agency proposed new rules that include requiring lenders to have at least $ 1 million in cash and other assets , up from $ 250,000 , to limit losses passed on to the FHA .
It will cap refinancings at 125 % of the current home value and stop certifying mortgage brokers to issue FHA - backed loans .
The agency also will appoint its first chief risk officer .
No mention of tighter borrowing standards ?
I suppose responsible lending would spoil the “ housing recovery ” .
And why are they only now hiring somebody to monitor risk ?
Seems like a pointless gig anyway , since the goal seems to be taking on as much risk as possible .
The leap from 2 % to 23 % of the entire mortgage market is a truly remarkable increase .
It seems impossible that they could make such a jump and maintain any sort of decent lending standards .
The FHA has been become yet another tool for propping up a tired housing market with public - backing .
The CBO thinks bailing - out Fannie and Freddie will cost $ 400b .
If FHA is allowed to guarantee these risky loans much longer , the bill for their rescue wo n’t be pretty either .
Disclosure :
No positions in any stocks or companies mentioned
Disclaimer : Nothing on this site should be considered investment or financial advice .
Always work with a professional .
If any information provided on this site is incorrect , please contact us here for resolution .
When even leaving a note is too direct … you folks with wireless networks still named “ linksys ” or “ trendnet ” are clearly missing out on a priceless opportunity to piss off your neighbors .
( Thanks to submitters Paul in St. Paul , Stirling in Salt Lake City , Arcadiy in Seattle , Denise in Rochester , Sara in Berkeley , Liz in Austin , Breanne in Oklahoma City , and Payal in Pleasanton , California …all of whom , no doubt , have secured wi- fi networks .
Right , guys ? )
related : Why - fi
P.S. Like this post ?
See more like this by following @panotes on Twitter , on Facebook , or via RSS !
Col Williamson said the proposed botnet should be made public A US Air Force officer has told the BBC that his country should create an offensive botnet to target any forces that launch a cyber - attack against it .
Speaking on Radio 4's
The Report , Col Charlie Williamson said the US was currently in " defensive mode " on cyber - warfare and that needed to change .
" [ Armies ] have always had some form of offensive capability .
And that 's really all I 'm calling for , " he said Col Williamson stressed he was speaking in a personal capacity .
Botnets are networks of computers which have been subverted by malicious code so they fall under someone else 's control , usually that of a cyber-criminal .
However , there have been reports of politically motivated botnet attacks on Georgian computers during the South Ossetia conflict and on the Dalai Lama 's network .
Typically owners of machines forming a botnet do not know their computer has been hijacked .
Home users account for 95 % of all attacks mounted by botnet , according to figures from security firm Symantec .
Col Williamson - who served with the US Air Force Intelligence , Surveillance and Reconnaissance Agency - says that the US military should be ready to take such an attack to the enemy .
" The idea is that if we have the capability to strike back , then a potential attacker has to take that into account before launching an attack .
" I recommend that we make our botnet - the botnet I propose - public .
The whole world knows about it .
That we exercise it on ranges that other countries can see electronically , that they know what we 're doing and then they are going to be more likely to back off before doing an attack because they have to take this into account , " he said .
There are reports the US is stepping up its offensive cyber - weaponry
He believes that the botnet would be legal under international law , whether it is used against an enemy country or a terrorist group .
Botnet controllers would need a " no - strike list " of protected computers , such as those used in hospitals .
And he argues that if a computer owner has failed to use anti-virus software and install the latest security patches , that machine may be a legitimate military target .
" It may , in the right circumstance , be worthwhile and even fair for the US to hit a computer that is hitting us and stop it from harming us for an hour or days when that computer owner failed to take basic steps to protect us , " Col Williamson told the programme .
Just this week , an American newspaper reported that the Pentagon was indeed developing offensive cyber - weaponry - although it remains heavily classified .
Barack Obama 's adviser on online security , Melissa Hathaway , delivered a report on cyber - warfare to the president last week .
And he 's being asked to weigh up the merits of developing a robust capability to wage war in cyberspace .
When asked whether the US military might already have created an offensive botnet , Col Williamson replied : " That 's entirely possible .
It 's just my hope that it becomes public because we can't have a deterrent that adversaries do n't know about . "
The Report is broadcast at 2000 BST on BBC Radio 4 .
You can listen again or download the podcast from the website .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Secret Facts about the Expendables That Are Hidden from Public – The Expendables is one of the best movies that many people watched .
Starting from the first , the second , and the third movie were all very nice to watch .
One of the best reasons that many people love to watch from this movie is the fact that there are a lot of great actors playing on this movie .
That is why the rating of this movie is quite high .
However , do you know that there are some secret facts about this movie that are well hidden from the public ?
If you are interested to know , then here are some of those secret facts about this movie .
The first one is that most of the actors were chosen based on their achievements .
It is true that most of the actors have their own achievements .
However , there are not many people who realized that those actors are the chosen ones .
It is because they need to have the special achievement related with the world of martial art before they are eligible to become one of the stars on this movie .
You can take example of Arnold Schwarzenegger that was considered as the Mr. Universe .
You can also take example of Jet Li who became the wushu legend when he was 14 years old .
The second one is the fact that Van Damme was about to join the Expendables from the first movie .
For your information , the martial art skill of Van Damme is something that you should not ask anymore .
That is why he was offered the chance on the first Expendables .
However , he refused because of the role does not match his .
However , on the second Expendables , he agreed to join the movie , but as the villain .
Yes , he thought that the villain suits him better than the hero on the second movie .
For more trailer this movie can be found in http://104.145.231.244 official site of The Expendables .
The last one is the fact that Sylvester Stallone really injured himself during the shooting process .
Some people will say that those actors were using stuntmen , which is true sometimes .
However , you need to know that there were also some real actions that were done by the actor themselves without any stunt .
As the result , there were a lot of accidents that hurt and injured the actors .
Stallone was one example .
He had to act with Stone Cold Steve Austin on the movie and after the movie was finished , Stallone need a metal plat to support his neck for some times .
Stop-motion discord on “ Fantastic Mr. Fox ” ( updated 2 x )
I do n’t know how I missed it up to now , but I just caught up with this fairly extraordinary L.A.
Times article from Saturday ’s edition by Chris Lee covering some pretty extreme sounding discord between writer - director Wes Anderson and at least some of the crew of his puppet- animation adaptation of Roald Dahl ’s “ The Fantastic Mr. Fox , ” which is set to open on November 25th .
Now , a little grumbling is probably inevitable given that Anderson decided to eschew any and all CGI on the film and do everything “ in camera , ” including using live fur on the animal characters .
As viewers of the original “ King Kong ” will note , stop- motion fur tends to rustle on screen because the effects people have to pick up and touch the thing and , barring CGI , I believe there ’s really no way around it .
However , like Anderson , to me there ’s a wondrous handmade charm to it .
As someone with highly retro sensibilities , I completely understand the aesthetic reasons for Anderson ’s decision , though I realize it also makes a very hard job harder .
However , the quotes Chris Lee was able to get go far beyond just a disagreement about the production methods , and underline just how possibly wrongheaded his decision to direct the actual animation portion of the film ’s production remotely from Paris might have been .
I personally would not have expected Anderson to be on hand for every single frame of film shot — I doubt that Ernest Shoedsack and / or Merian C. Cooper were around for much of the shooting of the effects footage created by Willis O’Brien in “ Kong ” — but they were as far as I know they were all working out of the RKO lot , at least .
True , Anderson had computer technology available to him but , assuming there was no journalistic malpractice , something clearly went very wrong on the set that he was not there to deal with .
To be specific , when you have high ranking production people providing material like this :
“ Honestly ?
Yeah .
He has made our lives miserable , ” the film ’s director of animation , Mark Gustafson , said during a break in shooting .
He gave a weary chuckle .
“ I probably should n’t say that . ”
… and this …
“ We avoided wild animated flourishes of fantasy , ” [ Art Director Nelson ]
Lowry said .
“ Normally , an animated film allows you crazy camera angles shooting through a wild landscape .
Instead , this feels like a dry adult drama . ”
… and especially this …
“ I think he ’s a little sociopathic , ” cinematographer [ Tristan ]
Oliver said .
“ I think he ’s a little O.C.D. Contact with people disturbs him .
This way , he can spend an entire day locked inside an empty room with a computer .
He ’s a bit like the Wizard of Oz. Behind the curtain . ”
… to a major newspaper , you have a real problem .
These are no rank amateurs or show business neophytes , even if they are effects folks .
Oliver , whose comment Anderson somewhat understandably said “ kind of crosses the line , ” in particular is a veteran of Nick Park ’s Ardman animation and worked on all of the “ Wallace & Gromit ” films as first a camera operator and later the DP .
( For the record , however , I ’m not sure Oliver understands the meaning of the word “ sociopathic , ” which indicates a complete lack of any conscience or compassion — that does n’t seem to be exactly what he means . )
All of this leads to a question .
I personally consider Anderson one of the two or three best American directors now working , give or take a Sidney Lumet , I know Paris is the city of lights and all , and clearly Anderson j’etaimes the place , which I get .
But what ’s London , chopped liver ?
UPDATE : Variety ‘s Todd McCarthy has a mostly positive early review which touches on some of the matters brought up above .
ANOTHER UPDATE :
As pointed out in the comments , DP Tristan Oliver has basically charged Chris Lee and the L.A. Times with journalistic malpractice .
You can reads his remarks to a Wes Anderson fan site here .
Were his words really twisted by Lee or is this a case of after - the - fact damage control ?
Could be either , neither , or both .
To paraphrase Will Rogers , all I know I read online .
Author
Eugene Zeien , BS Applied Physics 1991 18 years experience in data analysis & IT support at the University of Iowa .
Abstract
Having heard , so frequently , that the data underlying the current consensus was robustly supportive , I decided to take the time to find raw , unadjusted data and undertake some simple analyses .
I was quite surprised by the results .
I am posting those here for comments and suggestions , along with source code and links to the raw data .
The majority of climate researchers use the adjusted data in their work , because CRU , GISS , and NCDC make the adjusted data easily accessible and easy to use .
Since evidence has surfaced which suggests those three entities are not independent , all three adjustment methods may be suspect .
Let ’s take a look .
Methods
Starting with a home PC , I installed Sun ’s VirtualBox .
Next , since my experience is primarily Linux / Unix based , I installed Ubuntu 9.10 on a virtual 40 Gb disk .
GHCN maintains a nice , though hard to find , ftp repository of raw climate station data , which was downloaded and decompressed .
The documentation in readme . txt was fairly easy to follow .
As a first pass , all the stations available in GHCN were included .
Temperature data was combined into a bin from all the stations within a geographical 1×1 degree sector .
This methodology allows for station relocation and overlap with minimal impact upon the results .
An annual temperature was computed for a sector with more than 240 daily readings within that year .
240 was a completely arbitrary decision , based upon the reasoning that the stations with high dropout rates are in the most inhospitable regions .
#!/bin/bash # Monthly data # wget - Nr ftp://ftp.ncdc.noaa.gov/pub/data/ghcn/v2 -o monthly.log # find ftp.ncdc.noaa.gov/pub/data/ghcn - name \*. Z - exec uncompress ' {} ' \ ; # Daily data wget - Nr -- exclude-directories=grid ftp://ftp.ncdc.noaa.gov/pub/data/ghcn/daily -o daily.log H=`pwd` # Start with list of stations ' coordinates & codes # ghcnd- stations .
txt : List of stations and their metadata ( e.g. , coordinates ) # Contents look like : # ID Lat Long Elev State Name GSNflag HCNflag WMOid # AJ000037749 40.7000 47.7000 95.0 GEOKCAY 37749 # Look up min & max temps from $ { StationID}.dly files # ex : " AJ000037749.dly " line 1 looks like : # YearMo Day1 Day2 Day3 ... # AJ000037749193602PRCP
0 I 17 I 0 I 0 I 0 I 0 I 0 I 78 I 0 I 0 I 0 I 0 I 0 I 20 I 0 I 0 I 0 I 0 I 0 I 0 I 0 I 12 I 0 I 0 I 0 I 0 I 0 I 0 I 0 I-9999 - 9999 # AJ000037749200910 TMAX 240 S 224 S 252 S 256 S 250 S 250 S 239 S 212 S 220 S 221 S 225 S 239 S-9999 253 S 256 S 231 S 239 S 240 S 230 S 231 S 229 S 230 S 231 S-9999 243 S-9999 181 S 187 S 212 S 170 S 173 S # Build list of Lat Lon pairs to check for data cd ftp.ncdc.noaa.gov/pub/data/ghcn/daily/ awk ' { printf ( " %d %d
" , $ 2, $ 3 ) } ' ghcnd - stations .
txt | sort -u | grep . > $ { H}/Coords.txt # Going to populate a 180x360 degree grid # anything from X.0 - X.99 goes into X's box echo -n " " > $ { H}/ TAvg_1x1.txt let Lines=`cat $ { H}/Coords.
txt | wc - l` let C=0 while [ $ C -lt $ Lines ] ; do let C++ Coords = ( `awk ' NR= = '$ C'{print $ 0 ; exit} ' $ { H}/Coords.txt` ) Lat=$ {Coords [ 0 ] } ; Lon=$ {Coords [ 1 ] } ## select stations with this Lat & Lon stations =( `awk - v lat= $ Lat - v lon= $ Lon '\ ( lat+0.0 < = $ 2 ) & &( $ 2 < lat+1.0 ) &&\ ( lon+0.0 < =$ 3 ) & &( $ 3 < lon+1.0 ) {print $ 1} ' ghcnd- stations.txt` ) if [ $ {#stations [@ ] } - gt 0 ] ; then printf '+ %s %s %s
' $ Lat $ Lon $ {#stations [ @ ] } else printf ' %s %s
' $ Lat $ Lon fi ## Poll stations for years with temperature data .
- 9999 is missing value .
Tstations=( ) for S in $ {stations [ @]} ; do Tstations = ( $ { Tstations [@ ] } `awk ' $ 1~/ TMAX /{print FILENAME ; exit} ' all / ${ S}.dly` ) done if [ $ {# Tstations [@ ] } - eq 0 ] ; then let Lon ++ continue fi printf 'T %s %s %s
' $ Lat $ Lon $ { # Tstations[@ ] } ##
Would be best to pair up TMIN & TMAX ## Parsing is FUN !
##
Output file should be Lat Lon Year TAvg ( divided by 10.0 to remove builtin T*10 ) ##
Added a minimum N>240 to avoid regions with one temperature obs / year 😉 awk ' { St=substr ( $ 0,0,11 ) ; Yr=substr ( $ 0,12,4 ) ; Mo=substr ( $ 0,16,2 ) ; }\ $ 1~/TMAX/{l=length( $0 ) ; d=1 ; \ for ( i= 22 ; i< l ; i+=8 ) {\ mx=substr ( $ 0,i,5) /10.0 ; \ if ( ( mx < 100 ) &&( mx > ( - 100 ) ) ) {\ tmx [ Yr ] +=mx ; Nx [ Yr ] ++ ; \ if ( D [ Yr , Mo , d ] == " " ) { \ D[ Yr ] ++ ; Day [ Yr , Mo , d ] =1 ; \ }\ }\ d++}} \ $ 1~/TMIN/{l=length( $0 ) ; d=1 ; \ for ( i= 22 ; i< l ; i+=8 ) { \ mn=substr ( $ 0,i,5)/10.0 ; \ if ( ( mn < 100 ) &&( mn > ( - 100 ) ) ) {tmn [ Yr ] +=mn ; Nn [ Yr ] ++; }\ d++}}\ END { for ( i in tmx ) {\ if ( ( tmn [ i ] ! = " " ) & &( D [ i ] > 240 ) ) { \ print " '$ Lat ' " , " '$ Lon ' " , i, ( ( tmx [ i ] / Nx [ i ] ) +( tmn [ i ] / Nn[i ] ) ) /2.0} \ }} ' $ { Tstations [@] } | sort -n >> $ { H}/ TAvg_1x1.txt done awk ' { Temp [ $ 3 ] +=$ 4 ; n [ $ 3 ] ++}\ END { for ( i in Temp ) {print i , Temp [ i ] / n[ i ] }} '
$ { H}/ TAvg_1x1.txt > $ { H}/TAvg_Globe.txt exit
In order to minimize the effect of temperature stations appearing and dropping out , sectors were selected which had continuous annual temperature data from 1900 to 2009 .
The data from the 613 sectors has a fairly strong sinusoidal pattern .
The poorly correlated linear trend is probably related to the point in the wave ’s peaks and troughs where the data begins and ends .
Do not copy this graph , I have an idea …
Correlation 0.43 using a 30 year sine wave combined with a 0.3 / century drop in temperature .
## This is a follow - up from the previous processing script .
##
Sift out sector that are have measures for all of 1900 - 1999 awk '{ Lat=$ 1 ; Lon=$ 2 ; Year =$ 3 ; \ Coords [ Lat , Lon ] =1 ; T[ Lat , Lon , Year ] =$ 4 ; \ }\ END{\ for ( C in Coords ) {\ Bad=0 ; \ for ( Y=1900 ; Y < =1999 ; Y++ ) {\ if ( T[ C , Y ] == " " ) { Bad=1} \ }\ if ( Bad==0 ) { \ for ( Y=1900 ; Y < =2009 ; Y++) { Keep [ C , Y ] +=T [ C , Y ] ; N [ C , Y ] ++}\ }\ }\ print " Year Celsius " ; \ for ( Y=1900 ; Y < =2009 ; Y++ ) {\ for ( C in Coords ) {\ if ( N [ C , Y ] !=0 ) {AnnualT [ Y ] +=( Keep [ C , Y ] / N[ C , Y ] ) ; Nsec [ Y ] ++}\ }\ print Y , AnnualT [ Y ] / Nsec [ Y ] , Y , Nsec [ Y ] ; \ }\ } ' $ { H}/ TAvg_1x1.txt > $ {H}/Continuous_TAvg_Globe.txt
The reason 1900 was chosen is due to the increase in the number of stations just prior to the turn of the century .
The next two graphs do not represent the 613 sectors used above .
I will post source code .. tomorrow ?
Intuitively , the monthly average temperature oscillates with the Northern seasons .
Having established a basic overview of what the raw data looks like , now it is time to look at the temperature anomalies .
Starting with the 1×1 degree sector data , those with continuous temperatures 1900 - 1999 were used to demonstrate the effect of transforming and averaging raw temperatures across the globe versus averaging anomalies ( base 1961 - 1990 ) .
This graph illustrates the wild fluctuations of land temperature anomalies from one year to the next and the 11 year moving average .
## Get sectors with complete 1900 - 1999 data , compute anomalies ( base 1961 - 1990 ) ## 11 yr average is easily done in spreadsheet , so that 's not here awk '{ Lat=$ 1 ; Lon=$ 2 ; Year =$ 3 ; \ Coords [ Lat , Lon ] =1 ; T[ Lat , Lon , Year ] =$ 4 ; \ }\ END{\ for ( C in Coords ) {\ Bad=0 ; \ for ( Y=1900 ; Y < =1999 ; Y++ ) {\ if ( T[ C , Y ] == " " ) { Bad=1} \ }\ if ( Bad==0 ) { \ for ( Y=1900 ; Y < =2009 ; Y++) { Keep [ C , Y ] +=T [ C , Y ] ; N [ C , Y ] ++}\ for ( Y=1961 ; Y< =1990 ; Y++) {BaseSum [ C ]+=T[ C , Y ] ; BaseN [ C ] ++}\ Base [ C] =BaseSum [ C ] / BaseN [ C ] ;\ }\ }\ print " Year Celsius " ; \ for ( Y=1900 ; Y $ {H}/Continuous_Anomaly_Globe.txt
How does an anomaly differ from real temperature minus a constant ?
Surprise !
A constant was chosen that left the two plots offset by 0.1 C .
How does the temperature data go from the chaotic , variable state seen above to the relatively quiet plot posted by GISS :
Note the subtitle ( Meteorological Stations ) .
Clearly , this does not include ocean data .
Other GISS graphs are available here .
How do the GISS computed anomalies compare with unadjusted anomalies ?
The 1961 -1990 mean from the GISS anomalies was 0.09 , whereas the 1961 - 1990 mean from my anomalies was 0.00 .
Clearly , the GISS data is adjusted further after the conversion to anomalies .
Clearly , something needs to be done to reduce the variance in the raw temperature data .
Let ’s take a look at temperature within 10 degree latitude bands , i.e. latitude 80 is 75 to 84.99 .
Using all sectors with 240 days of data within the year :
## First pass , average temp by latitude x10 awk ' {if ( $ 1 < 0 ) {Lat=int ( ( $ 1 - 5)/10 ) }else {Lat=int ( ( $ 1+5)/10 ) } \ Temp [ Lat , $ 3 ] +=$ 4 ; n [ Lat , $ 3 ] ++ ; Years [ $ 3 ] =1 ; Lats [ Lat ] =1;}\ END {printf ( " Year " ) ; \ for ( L=90 ; L>= - 90 ; L - =10 ) {printf ( " Lat=%d " , L ) ; }\ printf ( "
" ) ;\ for ( Y=1900 ; Y < =2009 ; Y++) {\ printf ( " %d " , Y ) ; \ for ( L=9 ; L>= - 9 ; L - =1 ) {\ printf ( " %f " , Temp [ L , Y ] / ( n [ L , Y ] * 1.0 ) ) ; \ }\ printf ( "
" ) ; \ }\ } ' $ { H}/ TAvg_1x1.txt > $ { H}/TAvg_byLat_Globe.txt
Two surprises : there was no data in the range - 45 to - 84.99 latitude , and none above 80 latitude .
The entire Lat=80 band is data from +75 to +79.99 .
At last , a warming trend has been found .
Perhaps this graph is easier to read .
Latitudes with no data have been eliminated .
The legend has been rearranged with equatorial latitudes at the top , near their temperature plots .
The Arctic trend will be considered in depth here .
https://justdata.wordpress.com/arctic-trends/
UHI effects will be considered as well .
This one is too good to hide , greater NYC area versus 40N latitude stations and 35N to 45N stations .
## Gather up all the sectors in the 40.0 to 40.99 Latitude range ##
Odd side - effect of my gridding method , ## NY NEW YORK CNTRL PRK lat=40.7800 long=-73.9700 # # ends up in the lat=40 long= - 74 sector .
awk ' BEGIN {print " Year 40N 35 - 45N NYC " }\ ( ( $ 1==40 ) && ( $ 2 != ( - 74 ) ) ) ) { Avg [ $ 3 ] +=$ 4 ; N [ $ 3 ] ++}\ ( ( $ 1>=35 ) &&( $ 1< =45 ) ) {Zavg [ $ 3 ] +=$ 4 ; Zn [ $ 3 ] ++}\ ( ( $ 1==40 ) &&( $ 2== ( - 74 ) ) ) {NYt [ $ 3 ] +=$ 4 ; NYn [ $ 3 ] ++}\ END{\ for ( Y in Avg ) { print Y , Avg [ Y ] / N[ Y ] , Zavg [ Y ] /
Zn [ Y ] , NYt [ Y ] / NYn [ Y ] }\ }' TAvg_1x1.txt | sort -n > 40 N_latitude3.txt
One of the interesting parts about this trip has been the opportunity to see air travel from the airlines ' side .
I 've spoken with people from nearly every part of the industry – ground crew , airport administration , inflight , airline executives , air traffic controllers .
Out of all of them , the ones with the most contact with passengers ( and arguably the most visible part of any airline ) are the flight attendants .
Anybody who 's flown , or anybody who knows someone who 's flown , or really , anybody who does n't live in a cave has some sort of story about a flight attendant .
With airport staff left on the ground and pilots locked behind an armored door , they 're the people passengers have to interact with , for better or for worse .
And so , I took some time between speaking with seatmates and catching up on sleep to talk to the people behind the drink cart .
All for you , Wired .
All for you .
A few steps away from beginning work as a controller , I knew some of the qualifications for that particular role : you can visualize things 3D well , you 're a good multitasker , you 're a geek , you 're up late at night anyway and may as well be working .
The entry into direct , daily interactions with passengers was a mystery to me , though , so the question I 'd lead off with most often was how attendants got into their job .
The first one I met was Pascal .
One of the more senior crew members , he joined JetBlue " before anybody heard of it . "
On a furlough from Air France , Pascal saw an ad in a supermarket and signed on .
But cases like Pascal 's , where an employee signs on through their own initiative , tended to be more rare .
More often attendants find themselves with an airline through friends or family .
Michael , working alongside Pascal , had been encouraged to sign up through a former coworker .
Both Frank and Kelley , who I spoke with on a later flight , also had friends in the industry .
And Pat , who had been with JetBlue for nine years , had no intention of becoming an attendant whatsoever .
" I never , never , never wanted to do this , " she explained , scooping ice into cups as we spoke .
" I went to a hiring event – a cattle call , really – that a pilot friend said I 'd be good at . "
Several rounds of interviews followed , and out of three hundred initial applicants , Pat was one of only three chosen .
Seem like a competitive field for a simple job ?
Passengers only see a small portion of what attendants are trained for .
" People think that the FA 's are just there for drinks and stuff , " explained Pedro Hernandez during my recent visit to JetBlue 's training facility in Orlando .
" The training is extensive .
And demanding .
If they miss just one minute of it , they 're warned and have to repeat the entire course .
The second time it happens , they 're fired . "
Matthew Keogan , who teamed up with Hernandez to take me through some of the attendant duties in the facility 's full - motion simulator , agreed .
" What you seen on the planes , serving drinks and doing a briefing , that 's the perception of what we do .
We spend like one to two days on that , and twenty one days on the safety things . "
And that 's just the initial training , which does n't include the continuing education and recurrent training that attendants must go through on a regular basis .
But the less of the attendants ' training passenger see , the better , as the bulk of it is on how to safely and effectively handle crises .
Belligerent passengers , drunks , and handling a growing number of air rage cases are just the start ( and on that note , do n't try starting any fights with attendants , who go through extensive self - defense conditioning ) .
Weightier issues of identifying system failures before pilots are able to , managing water and land ditches , controlling inflight fires , and ensuring the safety and survival of passengers during emergencies are all covered .
With that said , the American airline industry is one of the safest in the world , so most of our experiences with flight attendants are much more mundane .
That does n't mean the job is boring , though .
I 've spoken with over a hundred attendants by this point , and I 've only found one who expressed any dissatisfaction with their career .
" I love it , " said Pascal .
" It 's the schedule , the independence of what you 're doing . "
" You do n't have a boss standing over your shoulder every day , " added Michael .
Among other reasons given were travel benefits – employees are generally allowed to travel for free on other airlines – the opportunity to meet new people , the unique nature of the job , and in a few rare cases , even the pay .
While the ongoing slump in air traffic since 9/11 has taken its toll , senior attendants can still make upwards of $ 60,000 .
However , the drop in scheduled flights , along with fare wars , slashed amenities , and the commonality of air travel have taken away some of the allure of the job .
" It 's lost all of its glamour since 9/11 , " explained Michael .
" Passengers are n't what they used to be .
I remember when you would walk through the terminal , " he said , making a spreading motion with his hands as he spoke , " and people would part the way for us .
Now , we get shoved around . "
The drop in respect for a once venerated job extends well past the terminal , of course .
But it 's only one side of the erratic behavior of some passengers .
The pressures of air travel , which have become second nature to me by this point , cause some people to act in strange ways .
If you ever find yourself bored on a long flight , head back to the galley to solicit stories from the attendants .
They 've seen it all .
" Calls asking if I 'll change the TV channel for them .
Or fights over armrests , we see that sometimes .
And people who wo n't clean up after themselves , " said Frank .
" Things you 'll find in seatback pockets , " added Michael .
" I 've found dirty diapers , bloody tampons , used condoms , band aids , fingernail clippings . "
Going to the restroom without shoes was one that Kelley saw a lot .
" Or the way people 'll ask what we serve when we 've told them three times and have a menu in the seatback pocket .
They 'll ask for things we do n't have , like sandwiches .
And people who 'll do rude things to get your attention , like poking or snapping their fingers at you . "
Pascal 's story was one of the best .
He told me about a passenger who brought a massive box of frozen fish onboard and placed it in the overhead bin , unbeknownst to the crew .
Midway through the flight , it began to melt , dripping down onto the passengers sitting beneath it .
The smell spread through the cabin .
As an ironic epilogue to Pascal 's story , I experienced something similar myself a few days later when my flight out of Boston was briefly delayed .
Apparently we were overweight and needed a few extra minutes to remove excess cargo from the baggage compartment .
The culprit ?
Frozen seafood .
" We have a saying about troublemakers , " said Michael .
" They check their brains when they check their bag . "
Having seen my share of bizarre passenger behavior over the past three weeks , I can sympathize with what attendants have to put up with .
And while the relentless schedule I 've maintained has n't dampened my enthusiasm for a future role in the industry , the day - in , day - out duties of an attendant give me pause .
" So in the end , do you still like your job ? " I asked Frank and Kelley .
" Definitely , " Kelley responded , without hesitation .
" Our job is what you make of it .
You do n't know what passengers have seen in the airport , why some are stressed .
One of our roles is to make them smile .
After all , if they 're not in their seats , I do n't have a job . "
Other notes from the terminal :
Well , the inevitable happened - airport food finally caught up with me .
Really , I expected to start having problems with it sooner , but food quality has improved since airlines started cutting meals .
On Friday , in Ft. Lauderdale , this post was interrupted as I got sick over something I had eaten recently .
I 'm most of the way back now , but will be laying off some of the heavier stuff for another day or two .
Besides , there 's always more $ 9 salads to be had .
Follow Terminal Man ’s travels on Twitter @ Flyered and check out his itinerary on Google Maps .
An RSS feed of his posts is available here .
You can also track his flights on Saturday to Orlando , New York and Burlington , and those on Sunday to New York and Phoenix through FlightAware .
And check out his previous posts here .
Photos : Brendan Ross / Wired.com .
The main photo shows Pat , Michael and Pascal on Flight 296 .
It turns out this article was written by NYU Stern professor Tunku Varadarajan , who also has a conservative weekly column with Forbes.com calling for things like racial profiling , Obama being a coward because he 's politically correct , etc .
Let me quote the professor on what it means to “ Go Muslim ” from his article : “ This phrase would describe the turn of events where a seemingly integrated Muslim - American–a friendly donut vendor in New York , say , or an officer in the U.S. Army at Fort Hood–discards his apparent integration into American society and elects to vindicate his religion in an act of messianic violence against his fellow Americans . ”
Muslim groups all across America publicly condemned the shooting , ICNA , ISNA , MPAC , MANA , and CAIR all put out press releases or called a conference within hours to denounce the killings .
The religion does not need “ vindicating ” by terrorists , as imams around the country loudly stated that the murders were flatly against Islam .
The difference between “ Going Postal ” and “ Going Muslim , ” he suggests , is that rather than someone snapping suddenly , they undergo a “ calculated discarding of camouflage –the camouflage of integration . ”
I dislike this sort of fear - mongering ; it only brings back the dark times of 9/11 where people were suspicious of their Muslim neighbors .
The professor implies that Muslims in general , and not just the Major involved in last week ’s shootings , are camouflaging themselves to fit into society .
I am a Muslim - American who was born in this country and do public service work on Long Island ; the implication that I and other Muslims are actually something non-American deep down is highly offensive to me .
There are thousands of Muslim - Americans who currently serve in the armed forces , and they strongly condemned the murders of their fellow soldiers as well .
Professor Varadarajan goes on to claim that Muslims are more extreme than any other group “ because their religion is founded on bellicose conquest , a contempt for infidels and an obligation for piety that is more extensive than in other schemes . ”
This is just a naked form of Islamophobia and hate speech .
It ’s certainly not the Islam any of the thousands of Muslims at NYU follow .
He goes on to call President Obama “ craven ” because of his efforts to avoid a backlash against law - abiding Muslims like myself .
Such hysterical statements put innocent people in harms way to be further victims of retaliation .
Let ’s consider the facts ;
Out of several thousand Muslims serving in the military , one became violent .
That is horrendous enough .
The professor only hurts us all by hatefully overgeneralizing an entire religion and equating the actions of one to millions of American citizens .
The professor is right in that we need to focus on finding people whose opinion is extreme , regardless of religion in the military , but singling out Muslims for such scrutiny and castigation is simply wrong .
CNN reports of White Supremacist gang activity slipping into the army ’s ranks , graffitti from the Latin Kings is popping up in military bases in Iraq , and the Military Religious Freedom Foundation reports dozens of cases of anti-semitic acts such as vandalism , swastikas , and insults .
Charles Grainer , the leader convicted in the Abu Ghraib scandal , beat Iraqis to make them “ pray to Jesus ” according to court evidence .
I ’d like to see all extremism curtailed , but the Professor does a disservice to everyone by singling out minority Muslims .
Such intolerant statements above bashing Islam weaken the resolve of our Muslim allies and those Muslim - Americans who courageously serve .
Do n’t compound the loss of our soldiers with intolerance and more vilification against the wrong people .
I hope that the NYU administration repudiates these hateful remarks that Professor Varadarajan made , and reaffirm their commitment to keeping NYU a place of open discussion and debate safe from hate speech against any of our diverse communities .
Since the administration has not commented on current events , then this incident should compel the administration to come out openly in defense of Muslim students .
__
Are you outraged too ?
I wrote this up and sent it to NYU President John Sexton , as well as Dean Cooley of NYU Stern .
I ask that everyone also writes to these people and asks NYU to repudiate the disgusting remarks .
NYU stands firm as a beacon of diversity and tolerance .
When visiting Professor Thio Li-Ann was found to have made homophobic remarks , the students , blogs , and twitter rose up and she left the job over this past summer .
Maybe we can do the same , or at least get an apology and clarification .
Addresses :
NYU President : john.sexton@nyu.edu
Dean of NYU Stern Business school : tcooley@stern.nyu.edu
Update :
Dean Cooley of NYU
Stern copy - pasted the following email to those who wrote in to complain :
Your complaint is duly noted .
I read Mr. Varadarajan 's article very differently than you did .
I think it is a very distorted reading to call this hate speech .
In any event I would not censor it or rebuke him for having written it .
We are , as you allude to , an institution that treasures free speech and open dialogue .
You need to think more about what this means since you do n't seem to understand it .
I would suggest that if you take issue with what Mr. Vardarajan wrote you take the issue up with him .
There is space for feedback on the Forbes site .
Thomas Cooley
There is so much wrong with this .
First , we are engaging in free speech and open dialogue by having this back and forth email , and my position is that a professor bashing Muslims and saying they are a sneaky fifth column in America is beyond the bounds of reasonable discourse .
Furthermore , Dean Cooley also is a columnist at Forbes.com .
Is n't that a conflict of interest ?
Why should he criticize his underling at the school if they are both coworkers at their other job ?
Update # 2
NYU President John Sexton has weighed in on Friday :
“ A core principle at any institution worthy of the name ‘ university ’ is academic freedom .
For a university to be a meaningful and successful home to those that advance the frontiers of human knowledge , its scholars must be permitted to pursue ideas -- sometimes provocative ideas , sometimes difficult ideas that we find challenging to listen to -- free from persecution .
This is not a limitless freedom , but it is a broad one .
Because of it , every institution confronts from time - to - time the painful companion of academic freedom : the expression of an idea that is widely offensive .
Public calls for institutions to punish faculty officially for expressing such ideas are all too common , and are deeply regrettable -- were we to do so , we would sacrifice what may be our greatest strength and discourage those who would think originally and challenge the conventional .
“ In this University , we also believe in the value of a civil discourse , a care for how and when and where we express ideas , because we know our ideas are not exchanged in a vacuum .
We are a community of scholars , and ideas are formulated and exchanged by real people who are entitled to be treated in a decent and dignified fashion .
“ Another key principle is that ideas and their proponents must be open to intellectual challenge and testing -- opposing ideas have an equal entitlement to be aired .
But let 's be clear , this is not a form of relativism ; in fact , it is just the reverse -- the premise is that the superior idea will prevail .
“ So where do we find ourselves today ?
A journalist and NYU clinical faculty member has written a piece for Forbes that many Muslims find offensive .
I understand how they feel -- I found it offensive , too .
I am teaching Muslim students now , and I have taught them in the past ; the portrayal of Muslims in the Forbes piece bears no resemblance to my experience ; I disagree with the Forbes piece and think it is wrong .
“ I say all this because as president I have not foresworn the rights I have as a member of the NYU faculty to challenge an idea that I believe is erroneous .
But I do not say this lightly , because , first , I believe that university leaders should be circumspect about criticizing faculty work lest they chill faculty 's pursuit of new knowledge , and second , our higher duty as university leaders is to be defenders of our faculty 's academic freedom rather than proponents of our own ideas .
For this reason , I must resist the calls for sanction against this faculty member ; such an action would be antithetical to NYU 's academic principles , and it will not happen .
“ What is appropriate , however , is for other views to be expressed and heard .
It is the nature of a university to be home to opposing ideas and opposing views , even absurd and offensive ones .
It is our highest tradition to meet ideas , especially absurd and offensive ones , with ideas in a process of civil discourse and through debate over the ideas at play .
We will do that here . ” – John Sexton
Well John Sexton is a good guy , he said he himself was offended by the piece .
While I personally disagree with his actions ( other professors like Norman Finkelstein and Thio Li-Ann were pushed out ) , I like that he repudiated the comments , and I suppose that 's all I 'm going to get out of him .
Dean Cooley , who it seems offended more people with his callous email ( above ) and metaphorically poured gasoline on the fire , seems to have updated his email response .
While he has n't apologized still , this is his new reply to those who emailed him after this diary went recommended :
Dear ________ ,
Thank you for your thoughtful e-mail , and for voicing your concerns .
I appreciate hearing from a member of the Stern community , and would like to share my thoughts .
As you know , Tunku Varadarajan , a member of NYU Stern ’s faculty , wrote an opinion piece for Forbes.com that offended many Muslims , including some of our students .
His article has prompted a number of e-mails that have been sent to me as Dean of the School , asking that I rebuke and censor Mr. Varadarajan for the views he expressed .
I recognize that the ideas expressed in Mr. Varadarajan ’s op - ed are controversial and were offensive to many .
As dean my duty lies in defending the academic freedom of the faculty as well as the rights of students to their own freedom of expression .
This is true whether I agree with the ideas or not .
It is true whether the idea is one that is widely embraced , one that challenges conventional wisdom , or one that is difficult to hear .
My response not to censor Mr. Vardarajan reflects my responsibility to uphold the right of free expression .
I regret if I gave the impression that I do n’t take people ’s concerns seriously ; I do .
As a university , we pride ourselves on being an open community that embraces and encourages differing viewpoints , and supports a lively debate in the interest of learning and discovering truth .
I respect you and the other individuals who have made their concerns known and encourage them and Mr. Varadarajan to engage in a constructive dialogue .
It is my hope that such a dialogue would lead to greater understanding , and reflect the values of diversity and respect that we cherish in the Stern community .
Sincerely , Thomas F. Cooley
My reading ( and feel free to weigh in ) is that Cooley still does n't get it .
It 's " offensive to many " but clearly not to him .
Bah .
My only comfort is that he 's scheduled to retire this December .
We do n't need someone like that in the job
CLIMATE CHANGE HOAX IGNORED BY OBAMA , GORE & THE ELITE MEDIA
By NWV News writer Jim Kouri
Posted 1:00 AM
Eastern
December 6 , 2009
© 2009 NewsWithViews.com
President Barack Obama and other world leaders are preparing for their international climate change summit in Copenhagen this month and their supporters are ignoring the evidence of fraud and corruption exposed in emails exchanged by leading " climate experts . "
On Friday , Congressman Chaka Fattah ( D - PA ) , a member of the House Appropriations Committee and its subcommittees that oversee funding for federal science , commerce , energy and water development agencies , issued a statement regarding President Obama 's global warming diplomacy and upcoming appearance on December 9 at the United Nations Climate Change Conference in Copenhagen
In his statement , Rep. Fattah said , " Give President Obama credit for changing the game on climate change .
His environmental diplomacy will finally place the United States at the forefront of efforts to save our planet . "
" President Obama 's pledge to reduce United States greenhouse gas emissions is in line with targets in House legislation that I supported upon passage in June .
Those targets lay down a marker for the Senate .
We in Congress owe it to the American people and in fact the world community to send the President a comprehensive , action - oriented bill - a necessary complement to his global leadership in climate change , " said the congressman .
Opponent's of so - called Cap - and - Trade environmental legislation are quick to remind Obama 's political allies that besides being destructive to the US economy , such legislation is based -- wholly or partially -- on faulty or manipulated science .
" These liberal - left politicians and activists see an opportunity to use so - called global warming as a means to push forward their Marxist philosophy .
Part of the agenda is to take away wealth from the American people and give it to Third - World countries , " said political strategist Mike Baker .
The evidence provided by the intercepted emails of renowned climatologists has created one of the biggest scandals in the last decade -- if not the century , according to Baker .
Thousands of emails and documents allegedly " stolen " from the University of East Anglia ( UEA ) and posted online indicate that researchers massaged figures to mask the fact that world temperatures have been declining in recent years .
These leaked emails provide compelling evidence that much of what is being touted as scientific fact is in reality erroneous , fraudulent , and perhaps criminal if participating scientists used their phony research to acquire government grants .
Several emails contained discussions about how to best portray data sets , among other topics .
Scientists maintain their comments have been taken out of context , but those who fiercely oppose the climate change thesis argue the emails invalidate all the research .
Even the leftist newspaper Telegraph described its newsroom 's shock over discovering that the documents revealed scientists were " cooking the books , " in order to prove the earth is warming at an alarming rate .
What is even more shocking is that the authors of the emails are not just any old bunch of academics .
" Their importance cannot be overestimated , What we are looking at here is the small group of scientists who have for years been more influential in driving the worldwide alarm over global warming than any others , not least through the role they play at the heart of the UN's Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) , " stated Baker .
Baker points to the senders and recipients of the leaked emails saying that they are a " who 's who " of science .
Their ranks include Doctors Michael Mann , Ben Santer , Kevin Trenbeth , and even Al Gore 's climate guru , Dr. James Hansen .
Gore used Hansen 's studies in his Oscar - winning motion picture An Inconvenient Truth .
Even after being caught with the " smoking gun , " they and their defenders have offered every possible excuse for concealing the background data on which their findings and temperature records were based .
Most incriminating of all are the emails in which scientists are advised to delete large chunks of data , which , when this is done after receipt of a freedom of information request , is a criminal offense .
Advertisement
According to the emails , scientists involved secretly discussed ways they could manipulate the scientific peer review process so that skeptic could not get their articles and papers published in scientific journals .
skeptical papers had no access to publication .
For example , when Dr. Thomas Wigley of the University Corporation for Atmospheric Research complained that paleo - climatologist Hans von Storch was responsible for “ the publication of crap science ‘ in order to stimulate debate ’ ” and that they “ must get rid of von Storch ” as an editor of the journal Climate Research .
Armed with allegedly phony proof against Storch , they succeeded in getting von Storch to resign .
The scandal is also raising questions about members of the news media being complicit in covering up ClimateGate .
For example , a BBC meteorologist and climate change expert , Paul Hudson , admits he was sent the leaked emails a month prior to their discovery by bloggers , radio and television talk hosts and other interested parties .
Meanwhile in the US , major media outlets continue to ignore the story , according to the media watchdog group , Accuracy in Media .
Since the emails where first discovered , ABC had only mentioned the story once , on Sunday ’s This Week with George Stephanopolous , and CBS and NBC still has never reported the leaked emails on the morning or evening news , according to AIM .
" Rather than focus on this huge scientific scandal , the timing of which is critical considering the cap and trade legislation stalled in the Senate and the upcoming Copenhagen meeting supposedly intended to combat global warming — the mainstream media have done their best to ignore it .
" The scandal involves the destruction of data , the manipulation and cover - up of data , and a plan to punish scientific journals that might dare to publish the views of skeptics of the man made global warming theory .
They realize that a full airing of the facts would likely undermine an important part of President Obama ’s agenda , and expose the corruption of a significant part of the scientific establishment , " writes AIM 's contributing editor Allie Duzett .
Alden Meyer , director of strategy and policy for the Union of Concerned Scientists , said in an interview with the Washington Post from that Obama 's decision to go to Copenhagen suggests that " he 'll be here at the end to help seal the deal . "
" The Washington Post is one of the culprits in this enormous cover up , " accuses Mike Baker .
" And why are n't reporters flocking to Al Gore for his reaction to this proof that climate change is a farce ? "
For years , Al Gore has played the role of a modern day Paul Revere , sounding the alarm regarding potential consequences of global warming in order to gain public attention .
Whenever there is a story related to environmental issues , reporters quote Gore .
In fact , Fox News Channel on Saturday morning reported that conservatives in Hollywood are demanding that Gore be stripped of his Oscar for his documentary that served as a vehicle to ratchet up global warming fears .
" But putting aside the fact that Gore has honed his public speaking skills , the fly in the ointment is that he ’s a fraud .
Like the very global warming movement to which he has attached himself , he ’s a snake oil salesman whose sales pitch is laced with scare tactics designed to push the public into embracing a radical , carbon - free agenda that rests on a combination of half - truths and outright fabrications , " alleges AWR Hawkins , a conservative writer who holds a Ph.D. in military history from Texas Tech University and writes for Pajamas Media .
Subscribe to the NewsWithViews Daily News Alerts !
Enter Your E - Mail Address :
" And Gore ’s fraudulence is not only seen in the fact that he pawns a lie , but also in the fact that he refuses to abide by the very lie he pawns , " quipped Dr. Hawkins .
Selected Earlier Stories
1 - Jim Kouri : Senate Pushing Climate Bill Through Panel ; Ditch ‘ Cap & Trade ’ Name : Nov. 8 , 2009
2 - Marc Morano : Media Now Promoting Arctic ' Hockey Stick ' : Sept. 5 , 2009
3 - Sarah Foster : Climate Bill Spells ‘ Skyrocketing ’ Energy Rates , Unemployment , Less Freedom : July 14 , 2009
4 - Marc Morano : Moonwalkers Defy Al Gore 's Claim .
July 11 , 2009
5 - Tom DeWeese : What If There is No Man-Made Global Warming ?
Mar. 2 , 2009
Other Resources / Articles
Evan Vucci / Associated Press ; Alex Brandon / Associated Press ; Brad Doherty / Brownsville Herald , via Associated Press
Among the jobs in this country that do n’t require a college degree is that of a member of Congress .
Which raises a question , at least as far as a recent article by Scripps Howard News Service is concerned :
How many of those elected to the House and the Senate did not graduate from college ?
The answer : 27 House members and 1 Senator , or 5 percent , according to the article , citing the Congressional Research Service .
One of them , Representative Solomon Ortiz , Democrat of Texas , is quoted by the news service as saying that he sees no difference between himself , a high school dropout who joined the Army to help his mother support his family , and his more credentialed colleagues .
“ They put their pants on the same way I put my pants on , ” the article quotes him as saying .
Other representatives without degrees who are quoted in the article are Steve King , Republican of Iowa , who said he learned about the issues important to his constituents by running a small construction business , and Doc Hastings , Republican of Washington , who cites his experience in the United States Junior Chamber , or Jaycees .
The article also quotes Steven Taylor , professor of government at American University , as predicting that a college degree will be increasingly important to members of the House and Senate .
( As recently as four decades ago , at least 54 in the House and Senate were not college graduates . )
“ College degree credentials are becoming so much more relevant by the second , ” he told Scripps .
( As it stands now , the article says , 169 House members and 57 senators not only have college degrees , but law degrees as well . )
Do readers of The Choice have thoughts on whether a lawmaker without a college degree is at any inherent disadvantage in serving his or her constituents ?
Please use the comment box below to let us know .
Let 's hear it for hipster beer
NEW YORK ( Fortune ) -- At Lutz Tavern in Portland , Ore. , the beer - drinking crowd goes through about 20 to 25 cases of Pabst Blue Ribbon beer on a Friday night .
" It 's our No. 1 seller , no questions asked , hands down , " says Lilias Barisich , whose family has owned the bar since 1954 .
Here -- where tin and neon PBR signs adorn the walls and the clientele includes students from nearby Reed College -- Pabst has been a top seller since Lutz introduced it in the 1990s for $ 1 a can .
And these days , drinkers are even more likely to go for a PBR :
Since the economy has put a limit on free - flowing bar tabs , Barisich says some drinkers are trading in what she calls " frou - frou " beers for $ 1.65 PBRs .
Digg
Buzz Up !
Email
Print
Pabst Blue Ribbon has made a comeback during the downturn , becoming the cheap beer of choice among hipsters .
And Lutz Tavern is n't the only place seeing a boost for the blue - ribbon brand .
The beer is up almost 30 % in dollar sales in the U.S. for the 52 weeks through October at retailers like supermarkets and drug stores , beating out the beer category 's overall 1.1 % increase , according to market - research firm Information Resources .
Meanwhile , Budweiser and Corona Extra are down about 7 % and 8 % , respectively .
But the lagging economy is n't the only thing energizing PBR .
The brand has also cultivated a reputation as a hipster , offbeat beer -- or what the president of the National Beer Wholesalers Association , Craig Purser , likes to call " retro chic " -- positioning itself as an alternative to big , mainstream brands .
" If you 're a certain kind of beer drinker and can't bring yourself to drink Budweiser , there 's your answer -- drink Pabst instead , " says Maureen Ogle , author of " Ambitious Brew : The Story of American Beer . "
Case in point :
Ogle says when she 's attended the Great American Beer Festival in Denver , the crowd boos every time Anheuser - Busch ( BUD ) wins an award , but Pabst always gets cheers .
While PBR 's success stems from its niche , dive appeal , it is n't actually the cheapest of the cheap .
PBR is at least $ 1 a case more than Busch Light and Keystone Light , says Benj Steinman of Beer Marketer 's Insights .
PBR drinkers may want to look down - market , but they 're willing to spend a little bit extra to make sure no one mistakes them for the mainstream .
But as Ogle points out , while fans might like to think of the 165 - year - old company as a boutique relic of the family - owned , all - American breweries of the past , it actually does n't own its own brewery .
All of its brewing is done at contract facilities ( including some owned by MillerCoors ) , with Pabst brewmaster Bob Newman overseeing the recipes .
Pabst Brewing Company 's portfolio also includes beers like Colt 45 and Schlitz .
Pabst declined to comment for this story .
And Pabst is not family - owned but instead held by a charitable trust , which recently put it up for sale .
In 1985 , Pabst was bought by Paul Kalmanovitz , who also snatched up other semi-defunct brands such as Lone Star and Olympia .
When Kalmanovitz died in 1987 , he left Pabst to a charitable trust in his name .
But as charities are n't supposed to own for - profit companies , the IRS has given the foundation until 2010 to sell off the business .
With Pabst on the market , one potential offer has emerged with a gimmick as quirky as PBR itself .
In what he says started out as a joke , Michael Migliozzi -- managing partner of advertising agency Forza Migliozzi -- is attempting to crowdsource the purchase of Pabst by creating buyabeercompany.com , a joint venture with ad agency the Ad Store .
Anyone over 21 can go to the site and pledge a minimum of $ 5 toward the reported $ 300 million sales price for Pabst .
So far , would - be beer moguls have pledged more than $ 20 million in about a month .
If the collective raises enough money , Migliozzi says contributors will get enough beer to match their pledges and ownership in the company .
Today , with PBR 's underdog cachet and strong sales , it 's clear why your average beer drinker might want a piece of the action .
But PBR has n't always been such a successful brand .
When Neal Stewart started working for Pabst back in 2000 as a divisional marketing manager , he says the brand was down for almost a quarter of a century .
At its low point in 2001 , Pabst was moving less than 1 million barrels per year of PBR , an abysmal number for a brand that in the late 1970s moved about 20 million barrels .
But then PBR started to see a huge increase in Portland , and Stewart was sent there to figure out why .
" We found it was the hipster crowd , the music crowd , " says Stewart , who became the PBR brand manager in 2002 before leaving the company four years later .
" They liked it because it did n't have a lot of advertising behind it . "
That image stuck :
In 2002 , the brand was up about 5 % , and then turned into one of the fastest growing beers in the country .
" People do n't like to be shouted at , " says Jack Anderson , CEO of brand design firm Hornall Anderson , which works with beer companies .
" It 's more authentic and cooler if you discover it or you 're told by a friend . "
PBR still does minimal marketing , which continues to be part of its allure .
And what little marketing the company does do has a distinctly non-traditional feel : PBR fans have a chance to win beer for a year and a cash prize when they enter their Pabst - inspired art in the company 's annual art contest .
And some of the work ends up displayed as murals or in other public forms , so the promotion both engages consumers and provides some free user - generated advertising -- without it actually being advertising at all .
However unconventional Pabst might strive to appear , if the number of drinkers who call PBR their " usual " keeps growing , the brand does risk alienating some fans who do n't like to follow the crowd .
Pabst got close to that line when it started touting itself as the largest American brewer after Belgium - based InBev bought Anheuser - Busch in 2008 .
For drinkers who get a buzz from a beer that 's edgy and on the fringe , publicizing PBR as a powerhouse could backfire .
But whatever damage a move like that could 've had , Pabst has managed to keep its beer far from flat .
And it does seem that this moment -- from the recession to the hipsters to the crowdsourcing -- belongs to PBR .
LAS VEGAS -- Max
Hall became a regular at the Las Vegas Bowl , and his final performance was his best .
The senior quarterback threw for 192 yards and three touchdowns in the only bowl game he knows , leading BYU ( No. 14 BCS , No. 15 AP ) past Oregon State ( No. 18 BCS , No. 16 AP ) 44 - 20 on Tuesday night .
Hall gave the Cougars their third win in five straight bowl appearances in Sin City and ended the Beavers ' run of five consecutive bowl wins .
" I love my years at BYU , " Hall said .
" We wanted to end it well . "
Oregon State appeared troubled by cold winds and the lingering sting of missing the Rose Bowl after a close loss to rival Oregon in its season finale .
" Emotionally we were ready for this game .
We came in here and expected to win .
It did n't work out that way , " Beavers guard Gregg Peat said .
" That 's a credit to BYU .
They came ready to play .
There are no excuses for the loss . "
Hall threw a 25 - yard touchdown pass to Luke Ashworth , a 17 - yard scoring strike to Dennis Pitta and a 15 - yard TD pass to Manase Tonga .
Hall had 139 yards passing in the first half .
" It means a lot .
It 's a special time for me , " Hall said .
" It 's something I 'll remember for a long time . "
Hall won for the second time in the Las Vegas Bowl in three starts , throwing more touchdowns Tuesday night than in his previous appearances .
" If Max has to be judged by one game , it should be this one , " BYU coach Bronco Mendenhall said .
" My hope is that if there are comments [ ( on Hall 's performance ] it ought to be on the basis of this game . "
Tonga added an 18 - yard rushing touchdown , and Harvey Unga finished with 76 yards rushing and a TD for BYU ( 11 - 2 ) .
Oregon State ( 8 - 5 ) scored on 1 - yard runs by quarterback Sean Canfield and Jacquizz Rodgers , and a 31 - yard pass to Damola Adeniji after the game was out of reach .
Adeniji led all receivers with seven receptions for 102 yards .
Canfield completed only four passes in the first half as the Beavers struggled to sustain drives .
He finished 20 of 41 for 173 yards and an interception .
" We hate leaving that opportunity out there , " Oregon State coach Mike Riley said .
" They controlled the ball , converted third downs and scored when they were going into that gale force , and that was very good by them . "
The normally dependable Rodgers fumbled for the first time in his college career in the first quarter , on his 621st touch , and Matt Bauman returned it 34 yards for the go - ahead score .
Officials used replay to see whether Canfield 's checkdown toss to Rodgers was a lateral or a forward pass , and upheld the touchdown .
Oregon State finished with three turnovers , including a fumble by Rodgers ' brother , James .
" It took all 11 players to do what we had to do to contain those two , " Mendenhall said .
" If they are n't able to move the ball , they can't score enough points . "
The Beavers converted once on fourth down in five tries and were 5 for 16 on third - down conversions .
Winds gusted up to 50 mph at Sam Boyd Stadium and temperatures fell to 30 degrees .
The gusts were so strong that one of Oregon State 's punts traveled untouched only 6 yards .
Oregon State struck first on Canfield 's touchdown .
The score was set up by consecutive big plays from the Rodgers brothers -- an 18 - yard rush by Jacquizz on the first play of the drive and a 17 - yard run by James .
BYU responded with a touchdown on its next possession , marching 84 yards on 14 plays in just under six minutes and scoring on Unga 's 1 - yard run .
Oregon State then looked as if it would bounce back from Jacquizz Rodgers ' fumble when it seemingly recovered a muffed punt near the goal line .
But a holding call forced Oregon State to punt again , and BYU drove 69 yards and kicked a 28 - yard field goal .
As the U.N. Copenhagen climate talks began yesterday , a series of strict new laws went into effect .
Danish police now have sweeping power to preemptively arrest protesters , enact harsh fines and dole out extended sentences for those engaging in civil disobedience .
According to The New York Times , holding facilities that contain approximately three dozen small steel cages and can accommodate up to 350 protesters have already been set up around the city .
Police have also been making public displays of their newly acquired anti-riot gear .
All this money and effort has had the effect of turning one of Europe ’s most open and democratic cities into a virtual police state for anyone who considers the certain failure of a climate treaty worth protesting .
But those not interested in saving the planet–like say , delegates from rich nations–can rest assured that Copenhagen still allows prostitution .
In fact , the city expects U.N. delegates to take advantage of this freedom .
But realizing that it is not exactly befitting of a government official attending a landmark conference , the city is requesting that the delegates not patronize Danish sex workers .
According to Spiegel Online :
Copenhagen ’s city council in conjunction with Lord Mayor Ritt Bjerregaard sent postcards out to 160 Copenhagen hotels urging COP15 guests and delegates to ‘ Be sustainable – do n’t buy sex ’ .
“ Dear hotel owner , we would like to urge you not to arrange contacts between hotel guests and prostitutes , ” the approach to hotels says .
So , just to be clear , when it wants to dissuade people from taking legitimate action against life - threatening policies , the city of Copenhagen is willing to reform its laws , enact draconian police measures and spend millions in the process .
But when it wants to dissuade world leaders from engaging in an act that is illegal in most other countries , during a historic future - in - the - balance conference , the city of Copenhagen sends out postcard warnings .
Of course , this has upset sex workers , who are now firing back at the city by offering a special deal : free sex to anyone who can produce one of the postcards and their COP15 identity card .
No joke !
What a time to be a sex crazed and completely unaccountable U.N. climate delegate .
This article originally appeared on WagingNonviolence.org .
Wow , what an opportunity !
Imagine having a newspaper column published precisely on the last day of the year .
What a chance to step back , look ahead , sum it all up !
Or else I could just trot out my usual end - of - year silliness , better known as the Pogie Awards .
These honors , now in their fifth consecutive year , are n’t meant to identify the best products of the year ; that ’s way too obvious .
Instead , the Pogies celebrate the best ideas of the year  great , clever features that somehow made it past the obstacles of cost , engineering and lawyers .
Kindly turn off your cellphones and refrain from flash photography .
All right , then , let ’s begin .
DROID DOCKS
The Motorola Droid , of course , is an app phone ( that is , an iPhone wannabe with a black rectangular touch screen , etc. ) .
It ’s generally a very good one , with slide - out keyboard , excellent speed and the Verizon network .
The winner here is n’t the phone , though  it ’s the docks .
One $ 30 plastic dock suctions to your windshield .
When you slip the phone into it , hidden magnetic sensors automatically fill the Droid ’s screen with Google ’s new GPS navigation software , complete with turn - by - turn driving directions , spoken street names , color coding to indicate traffic , map icons ( for parking and so on ) , satellite view and more .
The mysterious beaked whale is the target of a new undersea glider trying to track the deep - diving mammals by their high - frequency clicks and squeals .
A Seaglider unmanned underwater vehicle with an underwater microphone began patrolling the coast of Hawaii on October 27 and will finish up its initial mission on November 17 .
By then , it will have collected half a terabyte of data .
By applying software that automatically picks up beaked whale sounds from the rest of the sounds of the ocean , the researchers hope to gain a deeper understanding of how these rare whales live .
Whale Song Sound recording of orca whale squeals and clicks from a Seaglider test run in the Puget Sound .
It ’s been slowed down for human ears .
“ They live far off shore , and they are not very obvious .
When they surface , they are only up for a second or so and they are hard to see , ” said Dave Mellinger , a marine scientist at Oregon State University who focuses on the automatic detection of whales from acoustic signals .
“ They are pretty cryptic .
That makes them good acoustic candidates . ”
The Seaglider is one of a host of new acoustic tracking tools that are helping scientists better understand the behavior of deep sea whales .
Using autonomous underwater gliders , hydrophones , and sophisticated algorithms , they are a key tool in the race to map where whales live while whales are still living .
For example , dedicated - listening buoys help protect right whales near Cape Cod while providing valuable scientific data .
The beaked whale appears to be particularly sensitive to the powerful sonar used by the world ’s naval fleets .
Over the past decade , dozens of these rare whales have died in a series of incidents that seem linked to naval exercises , even if it ’s hard to prove the connection .
The carcasses that wash up on shore are consistent with the hypothesis that the whales respond to the sonar by surfacing too quickly , inducing the bends ( .pdf ) .
Nitrogen , and other gases that had been dissolved into the liquids inside their bodies by the high - pressure at depth , transform back into gas as the pressure is released .
If they rise too fast , the amount of gas overwhelms the body ’s natural systems for expelling it , causing bubbles to form in the bloodstream and tissues .
The only sure way to make sure that the whales are n’t injured by military sonar use is to ensure that there are n’t any whales in the area when the naval soundings occur .
But that would require figuring out how to find and track the whales , which has proven difficult .
It ’s a big ocean and the high - frequency noises they make do n’t carry in the water like the bass calls of a blue whale or humpback .
The U.S. Office of Naval Research , though , has been pouring money into learning more about the whales .
Mellinger ’s project received $ 1.5 million .
“ We ’ve been focusing on beaked whales because of the conservation implications of being able to find them , ” Mellinger said .
A single glider can’t provide the breadth of monitoring they would need , but it ’s possible fleets of gliders could .
The next step for Mellinger and his teammates could be to integrate and calibrate their data with information from U.S. Navy hydrophone arrays .
Most of the Navy ’s systems can’t record the high frequencies used by the beaked whales to locate their small squid prey , but some are sensitive enough to use .
“ What we ’d like to do is track a beaked whale using the Navy hydrophones and have a glider operating nearby , ” he said .
“ We ’re hoping to do that next year . ”
via Rex Dalton / Nature
See Also :
WiSci 2.0 : Alexis Madrigal ’s Twitter , Google Reader feed , and green tech history research site ; Wired Science on Twitter and Facebook .
Sage is a project to create a viable free open source alternative to Magma , Maple , Mathematica and Matlab .
The lead developer / manager William Stein has recently written Mathematical Software and Me : A Very Personal Recollection , a rather enjoyable story of his experience with mathematical software , especially Magma , and how Sage came to be .
One of the difficulties of writing broadly useful math software is the sheer size and scope of such a project .
It is easily outside the abilities of even the most prodigious lone developer .
So the focus of Sage , at least up until recently , has been on creating Python - based interfaces to existing mathematical software .
For example , for symbolic calculation the Sage distribution includes Maxima ( written in Common Lisp ) , a fork of Macsyma dating back to the early 1980s , and released as open - source software by the US Department of Energy approximately 10 years ago .
In addition to Maxima , Sage includes the ability to call out to Magma , Mathematica , and Maple .
There are some interesting PLT - related snippets , for example , Magma 's language is frequently criticized , although its algorithms are frequently praised .
In conversations with others , OCaml and Haskell were brought up , but William Stein chose Python because he felt that it was more accessible .
Also , Axiom , which includes the dependently - typed language Aldor , was rejected in favor of Maxima because Maxima was less esoteric and much more widely used .
Thou SHALT shoplift : Priest tells congregation it's better than robbery or prostitution
' Highly irresponsible ' : Father Tim Jones has been criticised after advising his congregation to shoplift following his Nativity sermon
Poor people who are desperate for cash have been advised to go forth and shoplift from major stores - by an Anglican priest .
The Rev Tim Jones said in his Sunday sermon that stealing from successful shops was preferable to burglary , robbery or prostitution .
He told parishioners it would not break the eighth commandment ' thou shalt not steal ' because it 'is permissible for those who are in desperate situations to take food that they might not starve ' .
But his advice was roundly condemned by police and the local Tory MP .
Father Jones , 42 , was discussing Mary and the birth of Jesus when he went on to the subject of how poor and vulnerable people cope in the run-up to Christmas .
' My advice , as a Christian priest , is to shoplift , ' he told his stunned congregation at St Lawrence and St Hilda in York .
' I do not offer such advice because I think that stealing is a good thing , or because I think it is harmless , for it is neither .
' I would ask that they do not steal from small family businesses , but from large national businesses , knowing that the costs are ultimately passed on to the rest of us in the form of higher prices .
' I would ask them not to take any more than they need .
I offer the advice with a heavy heart .
Let my words not be misrepresented as a simplistic call for people to shoplift .
' The observation that shoplifting is the best option that some people are left with is a grim indictment of who we are .
' Rather , this is a call for our society no longer to treat its most vulnerable people with indifference and contempt .
' When people are released from prison , or find themselves suddenly without work or family support , then to leave them for weeks with inadequate or clumsy social support is monumental , catastrophic folly .
' We create a situation which leaves some people little option but crime . '
The father of two , whose parish has a wide mix of social conditions , said his advice to people in dire circumstances is that ' they should not hurt anybody and cope as best they can ' .
He added : ' The strong temptation is to burgle or rob people - family , friends , neighbours , strangers .
' Others are tempted towards prostitution , a nightmare world of degradation and abuse for all concerned .
Others are tempted towards suicide .
Instead , I would rather that they shoplift .
' The life of the poor in modern Britain is a constant struggle , a minefield of competing opportunities , competing responsibilities , obligations and requirements , a constant effort to achieve the impossible .
' For many at the bottom of our social ladder , lawful , honest life can sometimes seem to be an apparent impossibility . '
Anne McIntosh , the Tory MP for Vale of York , has campaigned in Parliament for stronger sentences for shoplifters .
She said : ' I can not condone inciting anyone to commit a criminal offence .
' Shoplifting is a crime against the whole local community and society . '
A North Yorkshire Police spokesman said : ' First and foremost , shoplifting is a criminal offence and to justify this course of action under any circumstances is highly irresponsible .
' Turning or returning to crime will only make matters worse , that is a guarantee . '
The Archdeacon of York , the Venerable Richard Seed , said : ' The Church of England does not advise anyone to shoplift , or break the law in any way .
' Father Tim Jones is raising important issues about the difficulties people face when benefits are not forthcoming , but shoplifting is not the way to overcome these difficulties .
' There are many organisations and charities working with people in need , and the Citizens ' Advice Bureau is a good first place to call . '
Geschenke und Geschenkideen für den Partner , den Freund , die Freundin
Wir möchten Ihnen mit unserer Seite helfen , interessante und ausgefallene Geschenke für Ihre Liebsten zu finden .
Viele Geschenkideen kommen aus dem Bereich der besonderen Erlebnisse & Events .
Dies ist auch nicht verwunderlich .
Zumeist hat man im Laufe der Jahre alles Mögliche an materiellen Dingen geschenkt , sei es Kleidung , Elektronik oder Kosmetik .
Da wird es Zeit für etwas Neues .
Erlebnisgeschenke sind die ideale Möglichkeit , ungewöhnlichere Dinge zu Weihnachten oder Geburtstag zu verschenken .
Probieren
Sie es einfach einmal aus .
Eine Fülle von tollen Veranstaltungen und Abenteuern warten auf Sie .
Begeistern Sie Ihren Partner mit einem unvergesslichen und einmaligen Erlebnisgeschenk .
Hier erhalten
Sie eine große Auswahl an passenden Erlebnissen für jeden Anlass .
Die beliebtesten Erlebnisse finden
Sie hier in einer kleinen Übersicht .
Die gesamte Palette an tollen Erlebnissen und Events finden Sie unserer Rubrik Erlebnisgeschenke .
Wenn
Sie eine tolle Geschenkidee für Ihre Liebsten suchen , aber nicht genau wissen , welches Geschenk das Richtige wäre , haben wir für Sie die Lösung .
Schenken Sie einfach einen Erlebnisgutschein - eine Box mit vielen Erlebnissen .
Geschenke und Geschenkideen für festliche Anlässe
Geschenkideen für Personen
Kalender , Poster , Fotobücher , Leinwände , Puzzle , Stofftiere und vieles mehr kann man mit ganz persönlichen Fotos gestalten .
Gestalten Sie aus Ihren Bildern originelle und individuelle Geschenke und überraschen Sie mit emotionalen Fotos Ihren Partner .
Es ist auch preiswerter als Sie denken .
Bereits mit wenigen Euro kann man ausgefallene Fotogeschenke für seine Liebsten erstellen .
Ist Ihr Partner ein Feinschmecker ?
Schenken
Sie doch einmal einen kulinarischen Genuß !
Dies kann etwa ein erlesener Wein oder auch eine Einladung zu einem Restaurantbesuch sein .
Es stehen auch ganz spezielle Geschenkideen , wie zum Beispiel Käse - und Wurstspezialitäten zur Auswahl bereit .
Schauen
Sie sich die verschiedenen Shops zum Thema Essen & Trinken an und wählen Sie aus einer Vielzahl an Angeboten ein Geschenk für Ihren Partner aus .
Welche Frau freut sich nicht über Blumen ?!
Machen Sie Ihrer Partnerin eine Freude , indem Sie Ihr einen Blumenstrauß nach Hause oder zum Arbeitsplatz schicken !
Sie haben eine riesige Auswahl an verschiedenen Sträußen ; angefangen bei klassichen Rosen bis hin zu Lilien und Lisianthus .
Sehen
Sie sich doch einmal genauer um und finden Sie einen tollen Straus für die Liebsten !
Erlebnisgeschenke im Blick - Übersicht für Erlebnisse der besonderen
Art
Schenken Sie Ihrem Schatz doch ein tolles Erlebnisgeschenk in etwa in Form von einem Erlebnis - dinner , wie einem Candle Light Dinner .
Oder erleben Sie zu Zweit gemeinsam bei einem Kochkurs die hohe Kunst des Kochens .
Auch das Thema Geschenk Fahren kann eine tolle Geschenkidee darstellen .
Ruhe und Entspannung erleben
Sie mit einem tollen Massagegutschein .
Ein ganz besonderes Erlebnis ist eine Fahrt in einem Ballon .
Bei einer Ballonfahrt kann es endlich hoch hinaus gehen .
Über Amadamo
Jedes Mal stellt man sich doch immer wieder die Frage .
Was schenke ich meinem Partner ?
Egal , ob es sich um den Geburtstag , Weihnachten , Valentinstag oder um ein besonderes Datum , wie den Tag des ersten Treffens geht .
Als Frau oder Mann möchte man dem Lebenspartner eine Freude bereiten und ihm etwas schenken .
Besonders wenn es um Tipps für ausgefallene Weihnachtsgeschenke oder auch Geburtstagsgeschenke geht , sind viele Menschen bereit etwas tiefer in den Geldbeutel zu greifen .
Heutzutage sollte es eigentlich kein Problem sein , das passende Geschenk zu finden .
Neben dem klassischen Einzelhandel mit einer Vielzahl von Geschäften ist es auch möglich , fast alles übers Internet zu erwerben .
Leider ist es immer wieder so , dass man von der Vielzahl der angebotenen Produkte geradezu erschlagen wird .
Haben
Sie nicht auch schon einmal verzweifelt das passende Geschenk für Ihren Partner gesucht ?
Genau an dieser Stelle kann Ihnen Amadamo helfen .
Hier finden
Sie alles , was Sie Ihrem Partner schenken können , nach Themen übersichtlich sortiert .
Viel Spaß beim Stöbern !
Bei Amadamo finden
Sie passende und exklusive Geschenke und Geschenkideen für Ihren Partner , Ihre Freundin , Ihren Freund .
Schauen
Sie sich um und schenken Sie Ihrem Schatz mit Amadamo etwas ganz Besonderes zu Weihnachten , Geburtstag oder zum Jahrestag .
The Chapman airfield is reportedly used for launching drone planes Eight Americans working for the CIA have died in a bomb attack in Afghanistan , the worst against US intelligence officials since 1983 .
A bomber wearing an explosive vest entered Forward Operating Base Chapman in Khost Province , near Pakistan .
A Taliban spokesman said a member of the group working for the Afghan army had carried out the attack .
It has raised questions about the coalition 's ability to protect itself against infiltrators , analysts say .
The bombing was one of at least three deadly incidents across Afghanistan on Thursday .
Elsewhere : Taliban militants beheaded six men they suspected of being spies for the government in the southern province of Uruzgan , police said
Four Canadian soldiers and a journalist died in a roadside bomb attack in Kandahar , in the most deadly attack on Canadians in the country for more than two years
Two French journalists were kidnapped in Kapisa province , north - east of Kabul , along with their Afghan driver and interpreter , reports say Taliban spokesman Zabiullah Mujahid told the BBC the Khost bomber was wearing an army uniform when he managed to breach security at the base , detonating his explosives belt in the gym .
ANALYSIS Peter Greste , Kabul
This is not the first time an Afghan security official has turned on coalition forces .
Last March , an Afghan soldier shot dead two US troops , wounded a third and then turned the gun on himself .
And in November , a policeman killed five British soldiers in Helmand .
Those breaches of security will raise new questions about the capacity of the Afghan authorities to screen recruits as they struggle to increase numbers and take over the war from coalition forces .
At the same time , the coalition is dramatically ramping up numbers of both military and civilian personnel in Afghanistan , in line with President Obama 's surge .
This latest attack exposes the risks inherent in both elements of that strategy .
Unnamed US officials were quoted as saying that most if not all of the dead Americans were either CIA agents or contractors , although this has not been officially confirmed by either the CIA or the Pentagon .
A further six Americans are reported to have been wounded .
The death - toll was the worst suffered by the CIA since eight officers were killed in a 1983 attack on the US embassy in Beirut .
Reports say the Chapman base is used by provincial reconstruction teams - which include soldiers and civilians - and is protected by some 200 Afghan soldiers .
The base has been described as " not regular " - a phrase that implies it was a centre of CIA operations in Khost province , the BBC's Peter Greste in Kabul says .
It is the biggest single reported loss of life for the CIA since the war began in Afghanistan eight years ago , and the biggest loss for the US since October .
" We mourn the loss of life in this attack , and are withholding further details pending notification of next of kin , " US state department spokesman Ian Kelly said .
A spokesman for Isaf , the international Nato force in Afghanistan , said that " no US and no Isaf military personnel were killed or injured " in the incident .
Khost province - which is one of the Taliban 's strongholds - has been targeted by militants in the past year .
The number of foreign civilians deployed in Afghanistan has been rising as international efforts there focus increasingly on development and aid .
Civilians work alongside military reconstruction teams at provincial bases around the country .
A " civilian surge " was one of the three core elements of the new US strategy for Afghanistan announced by US President Barack Obama at the beginning of the month .
This has been the deadliest year for foreign troops since the 2001 invasion .
FOB Chapman operates from Khost Airfield 32 km from Pakistan border
Former Soviet base is reportedly used for launching US drones
Airfield extended to allow C - 130 transporter planes to land
Named after Nathan Chapman , first US soldier killed in Afghanistan in 2002
Enlarge Image
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Jeff Haynie has a wish .
He wishes that when building an operating system , Google was as open as Microsoft .
Or at least as open as Apple .
He 's well aware that Google likes to open source Android code .
He realizes the company just freed code for an early version of its netbook - happy Chrome OS .
And , yes , he heard über - Googler Sundar Pichai say that Google devs would work on the same Chrome OS code tree as developers outside the Mountain View Chocolate Factory .
But judging from the rather closed nature of the open source Android project , Haynie argues that Pichai 's words were , shall we say , on the disingenuous side .
Google ( artist 's representation )
Haynie is the founder and CEO of Appcelerator , a Silicon Valley startup whose Titanium development platform is a kind of Chrome OS counter - play .
The open source platform lets you build native mobile and desktop applications using web - happy development languages , including Javascript , Python , and Ruby on Rails .
Google 's Chrome OS , by contrast , is a web - happy operating system that does n't run native applications .
If you can call that an operating system .
But Haynie 's Titanium builds apps for Google 's other OS .
It churns out native runtimes for Android as well as Microsoft Windows , Apple 's iPhone , and the Mac OS - among others .
Having dealt with all three tech titans , Haynie much prefers the open practices of Apple and Microsoft to the preternaturally closed setup at Google .
Open sourcing aside .
Apple and Microsoft at least provide developers with a near final version of a new OS months before it reaches the rest of world , letting them test drive the platform under a non-disclosure agreement .
Before the iPhone 3.0 arrived , Haynie had more than enough time to get his ducks in a row .
But Google plays a different game .
It says it 's open .
But in reality , it completes a new OS entirely behind closed doors .
Then it dumps the final version onto the web just days before it reaches the commercial market .
Android 2.0 hit the web little more than a week before it turned up on Motorola Droid phones and Haynie 's customers started complaining about broken applications .
Google had n't even warned devs that a new version was on the way - unless you count a Youtube video of giant eclair .
" Google pushes big snapshots of code to the open source tree only at certain times , " Haynie tells The Reg .
" It 's not like , say , Mozilla .
Everything Mozilla does is in the open .
It 's never a big surprise , like ' Hey .
Here 's this new piece of code called Android 2.0 ' "
Yes , it 's nice that Google open sources stuff .
As Google will tell you , the company has opened up more than a million lines of code over the years .
But that says only so much about its development practices .
When Google VP of product management Sundar Pichai says that Google coders will work on the same Chrome OS code tree as external devs , you can't help but think he 's misleading the masses .
Yes , we have a snapshot of Google 's preliminary code .
But between now and the OS 's official release next year , you can bet the real development will happen inside the Chocolate Factory - until Google thinks the time is right to open source another snapshot .
After the first Chrome OS netbooks arrive next year , Google will no doubt open source revised code .
But until then , the developer world is on the outside , trying desperately to look in .
That 's the way with Android .
Google codes behind closed doors .
Then it open sources .
Then it goes back behind closed doors and codes a new version .
Google played the game with Android 1.0 .
And then 2.0 ( ' Eclair ' ) .
And you can expect the same from 3.0 ( ' Flan , ' apparently ) .
Yes , this is Google 's prerogative .
But for developers like Jeff Haynie , it 's a hassle .
And it 's indicative of a much larger irony .
As Google paints itself as an open company merely interested in the good of users and developers everywhere , it provides preciously little insight into what it 's actually up to , leaving devs to wonder what role they might play in something that 's shaping up to be a vastly restructured computing paradigm .
But surely the answer is obvious : Developers have almost no place in Google 's grand plan - unless they 're developing for the web .
But there are doubts for web devs as well .
And with Google dictating hardware terms for the Chrome OS - not to mention the swirling rumors of a Google - branded Googlephone - even hardware developers can't be sure of their place in Google 's world .
Chrome OS is n't built for developers .
It 's built for Google .
And online advertisers .
( See Corrections & Amplifications item below )
It 's a Haushold word , the Bauhaus , but a misunderstood one .
Its influence is all around us , from Ikea furniture to glass skyscrapers , but it is credited — and blamed — for much more than it should be .
A big upcoming show at the Museum of Modern Art aims to correct this catch - all legacy , but it also ...
I am starting to hear and see commercials offering help to manage weight , pounds , inches , and fat that we seem to gain around holiday time .
For sure there is an abundance of good ( fattening ) food everywhere we look .
From parties to home gatherings and eating out , we are constantly challenged to make choices that we wo n’t pay for later .
For some of us , the holidays come at a time when we also experience a change in the weather : it gets colder !
Traditionally , our appetites increase as temperatures decrease .
We also tend to crave food that is associated with keeping us warm – usually food that is high in fat .
I am not saying that we ca n’t eat anything ‘ good ’ !!
It just needs to be balanced and the sugary or fatty foods kept to a minimum while still enjoying holiday foods .
Here is what we know : if we eat more calories , and can not burn enough of them , we will gain fat .
It is a tough thought to process , but it is true .
The food is just so tempting , delicious looking , smells good , we want to be social , etc. , etc. , etc .
It will still taste delicious if we eat a small amount of it .. works to eat slowly and savor every bite !
If we do ‘ pig out ’ and consume an excess of calories , and unless we can get our metabolism up super high , or consistently burn those extra calories every single day , we are going to gain holiday weight .
The good news is that we have alternative choices that are healthier and more slimming , and can be used in combination with enjoying small amounts of the not - so - healthy foods .
If we make weight management a part of our daily lives , we do n’t have to ‘ be on diets ’ .
Eating smarter , exercising regularly , and drinking lots of pure , clean water can help us maintain a weight that is right for us .
One way to reduce the number of calories that you will consume in a day is to choose a low calorie breakfast that is a low glycemic choice .
What this will do is help balance your blood sugar levels so that you do n’t feel hungry until lunch .
This avoids eating something full of sugar or high in fat in the middle of the morning .
It also helps to set your blood sugar levels for the whole day when you make good choices first thing in the morning .
My breakfast of choice is a soy protein shake .
It is an excellent source of nutrition and helps our bodies in so many ways including : frequent fatigue , mood swings , irritability , weakness in general , frequent colds , flus or infections , slow wound healing , menopausal symptoms , high cholesterol levels , cancer , emotional on empty stomach , shakiness , headaches relieved by sweets , faintness , lack of concentration , vegetarian diet .
For me , the difference I feel when I drink my soy shake is reason enough to choose it as my daily breakfast .
I believe it helps my body be healthy , but it also makes me feel good , balanced , and in control of my day .
When I need ( or want ) an alternative to my shake , I have used high protien meal bars that give me the same effect .
After breakfast , lean fats and good carbs are desired to maintain a healthy diet .
Sugary drinks have hidden calories and should be kept at a minimum or eliminated altogether .
Diets higher in vegetables , whole grains , and fruit , and low in fatty foods will produce the results that we desire .
When attending holiday get - togethers , look for fresh fruit or vegetables , go ahead and indulge in a little dip that might accompany them , have a treat or two .. just do n’t over - eat .
These are choices that we all have , and it is up to us as individuals – around the holidays and all year long – to decide what we want our results to be and to act in accordance of those decisions .
Fiber is another nutrition source that is often lacking in people ’s diets .
The recommended daily intake of fiber is much higher than most people actually get every day .
Not only does fiber help improve our digestion and keep us regular , it is very healthy for our colons and for absorbing fat in our bodies .
If you ca n’t get enough fiber in your daily diet , you can find it inside soy meal shakes , and in supplement form as either tablets or powder .
I hope that you can stay on track through the holidays and make good decisions that will give the outcomes that you want in terms of maintaining a healthy weight for you .
p.s. see the post under this for more information .
It 's always interesting when people take pseudoscience out of its natural habitat – north London 's Islington – and off into a place where the stakes are quite high .
Like the polio vaccine scare in Nigeria .
Or Aids denial in South Africa .
Or , in this particular case , detecting bombs in Iraq , where the New York Times and the magician James Randi have uncovered a nonsense of truly epic proportions .
A British company called ATSC is selling a device which can detect guns , ammunition , bombs , drugs , contraband ivory – and truffles .
The ADE651 uses " electrostatic magnetic ion attraction " and can detect these things from a kilometre away , through walls , under the ground , under water or even from an aeroplane three miles overhead .
ATSC 's device is handheld .
You simply take a piece of plastic - coated cardboard for your chosen target , which has been through " the proprietary process of electrostatic matching of the ionic charge and structure of the substance " , pop it into a holder connected to a wand and start detecting .
There are no batteries and no power source : you hold the device to " charge " it with the energy of your body .
Then you walk with the wand at right angles to your body .
If there is a bomb on your left , the wand will drift to the left , and point at it .
Like a dowsing rod .
Similar devices have been tested repeatedly and shown to perform no better than chance .
No police force or security service anywhere in the developed world uses them .
But , in 2008 , the Iraqi interior ministry bought 800 ADE651s for $ 32 m ( £ 19 m ) and they 've ordered a further shipment at $ 53 m .
These devices are being used at hundreds of checkpoints in Iraq to look for bombs .
Last week two people working for the New York Times went through nine Iraqi police checkpoints which were using the device , and none found the rifles and ammunition they were carrying ( with licences ) .
Major General Jehad al - Jabiri , of the Iraqi interior ministry , said : " Whether it 's magic or scientific , what I care about is it detects bombs . "
How would you know ?
There are no independent tests of the ADE651 that I could find .
The simplest explanation is that nobody could really be bothered .
The magician James Randi can .
For many years , in an admirably expensive act of passive aggression , he has offered a $ 1 m cheque to anyone who can provide proof of supernatural phenomena .
Last year he invited the manufacturers of the ADE651 to come forward to see if the device works better than chance .
They have not .
I guess if you 've trousered $ 85 m , you do n't care about The Amazing Randi 's puny cheque .
General Jabiri challenged a New York Times reporter to test the ADE651 , placing a grenade and a machine pistol in plain view in his office .
Every time a policeman used it , the wand pointed at the explosives .
Every time the reporter used the device , it failed to detect anything .
" You need more training , " said the general .
In an interview with DC Agenda ( formerly the Washington Blade ) , Rep. Jerrold Nadler ( D - NY ) did not expect to take up his “ Respect for Marriage Act ” until 2011 , after other LGBT - focused legislation had been voted on , including the ENDA , DADT and UAFA .
“ The Respect for Marriage Act comes up after that , maybe at the end of the next Congress , maybe afterward , ” he [ Nadler ] said .
Nadler ’s legislation would overturn DOMA , allowing the federal government to recognize same - sex marriages .
It also has a “ certainty provision ” that would allow same - sex couples to marry in one state and still receive federal benefits even if they move to another state where gay nuptials are n’t recognized .
In lieu of passage in this Congress , Nadler said the task for supporters is to find more co-sponsors for the bill .
As of Tuesday , the bill had 105 co-sponsors .
Nadler predicted support would grow .
“ And I think if some of these other bills pass , it ’ll become more — the idea becomes less avant garde , ” he said .
Nadler also introduced the Uniting American Families Act ( UAFA ) earlier this year , which would allow gays and lesbians to sponsor their foreign - born partners for citizenship , and is pushing for that legislation to be a part of larger immigration reform in 2010 .
“ I do n’t know what the final comprehensive immigration reform will look like , but I remain optimistic that it will include lesbian and gay families , ” he said .
In the event that comprehensive immigration reform legislation does n’t include UAFA when it debuts , Nadler said he ’s working on making sure there are votes in the House Judiciary Committee to amend the bill to include such a provision .
Nadler said he ’s “ hopeful ” there will be enough votes for an amendment , but added “ that ’ll be a big fight , if necessary . ”
“ I have n’t taken any votes or whip counts or done any kind of that work , but certainly it will be something that we ’ll have to work at and the gay community and everybody will have to be pressuring the individual members of the committee , ” Nadler said .
“ A lot of the members of the committee , the Democratic members especially , say they ’re very great friends with the gay community … and this ’ll be an opportunity to show that they are , bar none . ”
When asked if he would support immigration reform without a UAFA or similar provision , Nadler reponded “ I hope it does n’t come to that . ”
So do we .
Post by ILO on 12/10/09 at 5:08 pm
Afghan players on horseback fight for control of a carcass during a game on November 6 in Kabul , Afghanistan .
In Afghanistan , galloping to get one 's goat KABUL 
Is the world ready for a sport played with a headless goat carcass ?
Haji Abdul Rashid thinks it is and has big plans : corporate sponsors , television rights and beyond .
" We want it to become an Olympic sport , " says Rashid , who heads the Buzkashi Federation .
To understand how ambitious — even crazy — this is , consider the game .
Buzkashi , which means " goat grabbing , " is a violent sport with virtually no rules .
Players , called chapandaz , gallop at breakneck speed over a dusty field , fighting over a dead animal without a head .
Buzkashi is undergoing a renaissance in Afghanistan since the Taliban regime was ousted from power by U.S. forces in 2001 .
There are more games , players and spectators than ever before .
Rashid says he has already contacted some Olympic officials .
Once dominated by powerful warlords or tribal leaders , buzkashi is attracting a new generation of businessmen who are using the game to meet contacts and get clients , explains Said Maqsud , who owns a Kabul - based security company that employs more than 1,000 people .
" That is a new concept , " Maqsud says .
" Now businessmen like me can be involved . "
Rashid knows the game needs to be standardized to export the sport , played principally in Afghanistan and some Central Asian countries .
Previous efforts to impose consistent rules have gone nowhere .
The game has no rounds or time limits .
Galloping horses regularly spill off the field , sending terrified spectators running for safety .
Some games are played with 12 - man teams ; others are scored individually with hundreds of horses careening around the field .
" It 's very violent , " says Maqsud , who also has seven buzkashi horses .
" Animal rights activists would n't like it . "
A spokesman for the International Olympic Committee , Mark Adams , said he was not aware of any overtures from buzkashi officials .
He said there might be concerns that the sport is not widely known and has no governing body that regulates it .
" I 'm not sure it 's a universal sport , " Adams said .
Some players eliminated — permanently Afghans love the game .
On a recent Friday on the outskirts of Kabul , spectators begin arriving midmorning to watch a practice match .
An old man sells peanuts from a wheelbarrow .
A policeman sits on the hood of his car , his AK - 47 across his knees .
The object of the game is to carry the carcass , which can weigh as much as 100 pounds , toward the other end of the field and around a flag before heading back to drop it in a circle marked with chalk .
Players occasionally end up with broken bones or even trampled to death .
It looks like chaos and pretty much is .
Unlike polo , which has elaborate rules to protect horses and riders , buzkashi has few regulations .
One rule :
Whips are to be used only on horses .
" You can not hit the other chapandaz , " says Haji Ameen , 29 , a rider who also sponsors a team in Kabul .
The carcass originally was a goat but calves are more common now because they are sturdier and more readily available .
The game may seem simple , but to ride at top speed while hanging on to a heavy carcass by its hind leg and maneuvering away from other riders takes strength , courage and riding skill .
A single referee runs around the field with a megaphone to announce when a rider scores — and tries to avoid getting trampled .
Color commentary is provided by another man on horseback who rides up to the reviewing stand .
At the Kabul match , 73 - year - old Habibullah , who like many Afghans goes by only one name , praises the chapandaz after a score , as well as the owner of the horse , often in flowery prose .
After scoring , riders are handed a cash prize , which they tuck into their tunics before riding back onto the field .
On this day , the prize is the equivalent of about $ 80 , but awards can be more than $ 1,000 for prominent matches .
The money is supplied by sponsors , usually politicians or businessmen , who are dutifully praised by Habibullah .
Taliban tried to tame national pastime Buzkashi's history parallels the nation's .
It was popular in the 1960s , under King Zahir Shah , when it was played under government sponsorship .
The Taliban , which banned nearly every other form of amusement in Afghanistan , was unable to abolish the game entirely .
It managed to thrive in the mountainous north , under the control of powerful anti-Taliban commanders .
Elsewhere in Afghanistan , the Taliban imposed a rule that prevented the use of a carcass , allowing only the skins of calves or goats stuffed with straw .
The Taliban considered it sinful to kill an animal without using its meat .
Buzkashi enthusiasts , such as Rashid , still speak bitterly of that era .
The stuffed skins easily tore apart .
More recently , buzkashi played a role in the Afghan election .
One of the game 's largest patrons in Kabul is Mohammad Qasim Fahim , a vice president and a controversial figure because of his background as a notorious warlord .
He sponsors many matches , which is n't lost on the audiences .
" That 's why he got so many votes for ( President Hamid ) Karzai , " Rashid says .
The game 's recent boom in popularity gives Rashid hope that buzkashi can attract a world audience .
He imagines exhibition games in Europe and big corporate sponsors .
Rashid says players would even be willing to play with an artificial leather carcass if an international audience objects to a dead calf or goat .
And to those who complain about the game 's violence , Rashid has a ready response : " What about professional wrestling ?
Why is that acceptable ? "
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
My wife and I moved to Bowen Island in the spring of 1979 , enchanted by the vast green spaces , the swirl of wood smoke on a damp March morning , and the interesting mix of what we would soon describe as hippies and rednecks .
There were fewer than 800 full - time residents then , and in most important respects we had all come to Bowen Island to get away from urban life .
After all , you do n’t move to a small island , accessible only by ferry , for the nightlife and the shopping ; most of us are , almost by definition , a little reclusive .
We value community , but we also like privacy , quiet and nature , and the lifestyle that these characteristics afford .
It soon became apparent that there was something of a political battle going on between the hippies and the rednecks ; I was a longhaired liberal university professor , so it was pretty easy for me to pick my team .
Generally speaking , it could be said that we hippies wanted to protect the land and the rednecks wanted to develop it .
Our land use planning was governed by the Islands Trust and its mandate to “ preserve and protect ” the province ’s Gulf Islands .
And we liked it that way ; we were pleased that Bowen Island was legally described as an “ unorganized territory ” .
The twin concepts of “ preserve and protect ” and “ unorganized territory ” sent out a strong message – we did n’t want developers and development .
More simply put , we did n’t want population growth .
So what happened ?
While the rest of the metropolitan Vancouver region not quite doubled its population between 1981 and 2006 , the population of Bowen Island increased by almost 400 per cent .
In proportion to the rest of metro Vancouver , our development has been rampant .
And our ferry service , running back and forth across the Howe Sound 15 times every day , has given us the largest per capita carbon footprint of any municipality in the region , if not the country .
There have been many good reasons for people moving to Bowen Island : cheaper housing than in many other municipalities , and with much larger lots ; easy access to the benefits of the city ; a safe and wonderfully green environment in which to raise children ; a bucolic haven for the burgeoning demographic of retirees ; and a workable commute for the emerging demographic of tele - commuters , those who can now work from home and venture into Vancouver , only occasionally , for meetings and other commitments .
Put differently , social and cultural changes trumped whatever hopes we might have had of keeping the island ’s population small ; by now a good deal of the land in private hands has been developed and sold .
But there remain many empty lots and a few large parcels of land , still anticipating future applications for development .
What will be our guiding principles ?
Keeping the population growth as small as the bylaws permit , through 10 acre lot developments , or trying to build an economically diverse and sustainable community , with community amenities such as commonly owned recreational spaces , parkland and trails ?
The population of Bowen Island has changed , of course ; it would no longer be accurate to describe Bowen Island as a collection of hippies and rednecks .
Unlike many of my old friends , I do n’t long for the days of the early 1980s .
We are a more complete and more environmentally sustainable community than we were a generation ago ; we do n’t have to go to the city to see a doctor or have a prescription filled , to shop at a good grocery store , play a round of golf , or eat at any one of several excellent restaurants .
I still hold the same values : protect the land and support the notion of a small community , something entirely different from the urban landscape of Vancouver .
But our choices are different now .
Almost all of our zoning for the past two decades has supported large acreage sprawl — the best way to achieve the least population growth .
One of the consequences has been the building of trophy homes for the affluent – often vacation homes for those who spend no more than a month or two on Bowen in the warm summer weather .
The price of the cheapest single family home now sits at about $ 500,000 , and successive councils have yet to give a green light to any other kind of development ; townhouses and apartments are derided as “ urban visions ” , even if surrounded by acres of commonly owned green space .
Put differently , we are morphing into an elite community that caters to the wealthy , and , more important , our affection for large acreage sprawl is increasingly putting land at risk , rather than protecting it .
Over time , the privately owned 10 acre lot is subdivided into a five acre lot , then 2.5 acres , and so on .
In this new world the question of who is holding true to their original ideals has become considerably muddy .
Since 1999 we have been a municipality within the Islands Trust , and old habits die hard .
The restriction of population growth remains a rallying cry for many Islanders .
For these folks , the issue of population growth is not just important : it is the linchpin for the evaluation of all development proposals , the only variable of overriding significance .
Ironically , while they claim that restricting population growth is the best way to protect our conifers and diverse eco-systems , large lot zoning actually permits more massive tree - cutting and environmental destruction than almost any other form of land use .
More important , large - lot zoning creates an ever - deepening cycle of vehicle dependency .
The associated carbon emissions have caused , and continue to cause , global impacts that are , frankly , unconscionable .
Beyond our splendid isolationism , our highly selective view of how best “ to protect the environment ” is growing less and less acceptable — we should be embarrassed .
Sad to say , it is this presumed need to restrict population as much as legally possible that compromises environmental protection , an environmentally sustainable economy and community diversity .
In this new reality , even the labels that we apply to ourselves are up for debate .
Who speaks for the environment ?
Who are the hippies and who are the rednecks ?
Life was so much simpler 30 years ago .
If you enjoyed this post , you may want to subscribe to my RSS feed
Apple makes some of the most specialized mainstream devices around , but the gear is never very cheap and , let 's face it , it stinks for any one company to own your wallet .
So here are the best alternatives for each iProduct :
( If you 'd like to see this post in non -gallery form , just click here . )
Advertisement
Apple iPhone 3GS ( $ 199 ) -> Motorola Droid ( $ 199 )
When the iPhone was released , it was a generation , at least , beyond the entire smartphone market .
Now , many manufacturers have worked hard to catch up .
And while the iPhone is still my personal favorite , I understand wanting a phone on the Verizon network rather than AT&T .
Besides , the Droid hardware is fantastic , and its software , Android 2.0 , feels far more like a full - featured OS than the original .
Just as we said in our full review , " It 's this simple :
If you do n't buy an iPhone , buy a Droid . "
Advertisement
What you gain :
• Physical keyboard
• Fewer dropped calls
• Memory slot expansion
What you lose :
• iTunes integration
• Decent built - in media player
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
i Pod Touch ( $ 199 , 8GB ) -> Zune HD ( $ 219 , 16GB )
I know , I know .
Why buy a Zune ?
If you 're heavily invested in iTunes albums , the answer is , no reason .
But for those who are willing to break from the Apple music infrastructure , the Zune HD is actually an awesome PMP .
The aluminum case is very sharp , with an OLED screen that 's richer than any iPod ( though slightly worse in the sun ) .
The Zune software , coupled with optional unlimited download subscription packages , is every bit as hip and convenient as Cover Flow and iTunes , provided you run Windows .
Oh , also , you do n't need to drop $ 300 to get a decent amount of storage and you get HD TV - Out and a not - so - bad TV interface to boot .
So when you 're sick of the little screen , you can go as big as you 'd like .
What you gain :
• 8GB more storage ( base model )
• HD Radio
• Unlimited music subscription with free MP3s
• HD TV - Out and an on - screen TV interface
Advertisement
What you lose :
• iTunes integration
• About a billion apps
Advertisement
i Pod Nano ( $ 180 , 16GB ) -> Flip Ultra HD ( $ 150 )
The obvious contender to the iPod Nano used to be the Zune 16 .
But now ?
You can't even get that model of Zune .
And with a built - in camcorder , be it a bit on the crappy side , the Nano truly is a unique contender in its space .
However , I ask you this :
Do n't you already have an MP3 player ?
Seriously , it 's not possible that you do n't .
OK then , just buy the Flip Ultra HD , the best bang for your buck pocket camcorder on the market .
And use your old iPod because it probably still works fine .
Ultimate Pocket Camcorder Comparison Pocket camcorders are a hot holiday gift , but due to their nearly identical feature sets , it can be Read more
Advertisement
What you gain :
• HD video
What you lose :
• I mean , it 's not an iPod , or any kind of media player , obviously
Advertisement
i Pod Shuffle ( $ 80 , 4GB ) -> Sansa Clip + ( $ 70 , 8GB )
The new Shuffle is basically nonexistent , a device that , while remarkable in terms of minimalist design , may be a tad difficult to wield when you just want to play that one song you want to hear .
Enter the Sansa Clip+ , an chunky but still tiny MP3 player lauded by audiophiles ( if such a thing is possible ) that supports up to 16GB of MicroSD expansion .
Save even more money by buying the 2GB version ( just $ 40 ) and sticking in a spare MicroSD .
And as we said in our review , the Clip + is " the best low - end mp3 player on the market , without question . "
Advertisement
What you gain :
• Sound quality
• MicroSD expansion
• An actual screen
• Voice recorder
• The freedom to choose any headphones
What you lose :
• iTunes
• Trash - talking Voice Over function
Advertisement
Apple TV ( $ 229 , 160 GB ) -> Asus O! Play ( $ 99 )
No matter what direction you go , you 're pretty much always better off not buying an Apple TV .
It 's basically a closed box that hates supporting not only external codecs but external drives , too , and you can forget about navigating to files on your own network — even ones stored on your precious Time Capsule .
The $ 99 Asus O!
Play is our favorite budget way to play media in any codec under the sun , from files on a Mac or PC formatted drive or streamed from pretty much any NAS drive .
As for watching movies on demand , chances are , your cable box already does that .
Need more options ?
The LG BD390 is an excellent Wi-Fi-equipped Blu-ray player with Netflix and Vudu video , and DivX support .
And heck , I 'd even recommend the $ 199 Xbox 360 as a Netflix / DivX machine with Windows Media Center Extender capabilities .
Basically , you can't go wrong here .
Everything is better than Apple TV , unless you have a library full of purchased iTunes music and movies , and if you do , you probably have Apple TV already , so go enjoy it .
Advertisement
What you gain :
• Mega codec support
• Ability to stream your video files from computers and NAS drives
• Cash in your pocket
Advertisement
What you lose :
• The iTunes video ball and chain
Advertisement
MacBook ( $ 999 ) -> Dell Studio 14z ( $ 750 )
As Mark Spoonauer said in our best Windows laptop roundup , " Think of it as the poor man 's MacBook - with better specs . "
No , the Dell Studio 14z does n't run OS X , but the Core 2 Duo laptop weighs .3lbs lighter than a MacBook while offering 1GB more RAM ( base ) , 70 GB more storage , a backlit keyboard and nicer built - in speakers .
Advertisement
What you gain :
• More storage
• More RAM
• Backlit keyboard
• Less weight
What you lose :
• OS X
• Optical drive
• Flash card reader
Advertisement
MacBook Pro ( $ 1200 ) -> HP Envy ( $ 1700 )
I 'm not sure anyone should actually choose the 13 - inch Envy ( full review ) over the 13 - inch MacBook Pro ( full review ) , but the Envy is the closest knock - off on the market .
For the $ 500 Envy premium , you do shed .8 lbs off the MacBook Pro , coming in at just 3.7lbs ( which is crazy - light for a laptop of this size ) .
And you 'll score an extra GB of RAM along with a more powerful , discrete Radeon HD 4330 graphics .
But we 're still talking about $ 500 extra for a computer that , ultimately , does n't feel as solid as a unibody Mac .
Plus , if you really want to run Win 7 , that plays just fine on the MBP , too .
As for the MBP 15 , there 's really no ideal alternative .
And if you were considering the 15 - inch Envy , think again .
Advertisement
What you gain :
• More overall power
• Less weight
• Prettier screen
What you lose :
• OS X
• Optical drive
• Frame rigidity
Advertisement
iMac ( $ 1200 , 21.5 - inch ) -> HP TouchSmart 600 ( $ 1,050 , 23 - inch )
The latest iMac ( full review ) is a beautiful machine , no doubt .
But there are alternatives to this famed all - in - one .
Our favorite is the HP TouchSmart 600 ( full review ) , which is sort of the souped - up Civic to Apple 's classic Porsche .
Both will do a quarter mile in the same time — with Core 2 Duo processors — but the TouchSmart has the shiny detailing and LED underlighting of a street racer , while sprucing up the package with a decent touch display coupled with special Twitter , Facebook and even recipe box apps designed for the system .
Especially as a kitchen computer , the HP TouchSmart is a valid alternative to the iMac .
Advertisement
What you gain :
• Larger , touchscreen
• Glitzy accents with customizable LED underlighting
• Clever apps
• HDMI input for home theater fun
What you lose :
• OS X
• Understated design
Advertisement
MacBook Air ( $ 1500 ) -> Dell Adamo XPS ( $ 2000 )
There 's only one laptop on the market that can confidently purge alongside the MacBook Air , and that 's the Dell Adamo XPS .
While the price premium seems absurd at first , keep in mind that the Adamo XPS , at about half the thickness of the Air , is loaded with a 128 GB flash drive and 4GB of RAM stock ( while the MacBook Air will run $ 1800 in a similar SSD configuration and maxed at 2 GB of RAM ) .
If you 're considering an Air , you want a computer that says " I 'm good at spending money . "
And the Adamo XPS will most certainly fulfill that need .
Advertisement
What you gain :
• 1 USB port
• Ethernet jack
• 2GB of RAM
• A clasp that opens from the heat of your finger
What you lose :
• OS X
• About $ 500
Advertisement
Mac Mini ( $ 600 ) -> Acer AspireRevo R3610 ( $ 330 )
If I had the choice between a Mac Mini ( full review ) and the AspireRevo R3610 — spending someone else 's money — I would still choose the Revo for its HTPC prowess .
The Mac Mini has always been a promising system falling just short of its potential in terms of both price and performance .
Meanwhile , the absurdly cheap Revo , equipped with Ion tech that 's more than happy to handle 1080 p video outputted to your TV through HDMI ( as opposed to Apple 's need for funky wiring and / or hard - to - find specialized adapters ) , is kind enough to include 2GB RAM , 160GB HDD , HDMI , eSATA , VGA , 6 USB ports , card reader , wireless - N and a wireless keyboard and mouse for roughly half the price of a Mini .
The only thing the Revo is n't optimal for is browsing Flash pages , that is , until we finally see an update that makes Ions and Flash play well together .
Mac Mini 2009 Review The Mac Mini is the greatest Mac that never was , always just a little too expensive and / or a little Read more
Advertisement
What you gain :
• HDMI out
• 1 USB port
• eSATA port
• Wireless keyboard and mouse
• Like $ 300
What you lose :
• OS X
• FireWire
Advertisement
Time Capsule ( 1TB , $ 299 ) -> D- Link DIR - 685 ( Expandable , $ 215 )
The convenience of a Time Capsule , a combination wireless router and NAS , is tough to beat because it 's so unique .
But I would n't call the task impossible .
The D - Link DIR - 685 ( full review ) is a wireless - N router with a range that 's competitive with Apple 's own AirPort Extreme .
You choose your storage capacity by sticking in your own 2.5 - inch drive .
Oh , plus it 's a photo frame , BitTorrent downloader , iTunes server , FTP server , network file sharing with user management and even a UPnP streamer to video players .
The only thing it is n't ?
Time Machine compliant .
I know , I know .
If you 're willing to part with the built - in router , however , then another excellent choice is the Iomega Ix2 - 200 NAS ( full review ) — and that is Time Machine capable .
Advertisement
What you gain :
• Swappable storage
• Tons of advanced networking features
• BitTorrent downloading
• Media flexibility
• Digital photo frame
What you lose :
• Time Machine support ( if this is a problem , check out Iomega 's alternative )
Advertisement
Mac Pro ( $ 2,500 ) ->
Hackintosh ( far less $ $ $ )
There is one reason you want to buy a Mac Pro , and that 's for OS X .
So I 'm not going to waste time by pretending there 's any suitable alternative by someone like Dell or HP .
Your best bet is to build a Hackintosh , a custom PC with a bootlegged OS X .
Just keep in mind , you wo n't be able to build this system like any old Windows PC — you 'll need to follow a guide with pretested hardware to construct something you can be sure will work .
Luckily , such a guide is available , built by our friends from Lifehacker ( see it here ) .
Advertisement
What you gain :
• Literally , thousands of dollars
• Gaudy case mods
What you lose :
• Peace of mind ( there 's always the slight chance of Hackintosh deactivation )
• Easy component upgrades
For reviews of most businesses , there ’s Yelp .
But once you pass beyond that magical threshold known as the airline check - in counter , you enter a bustling world of commerce not typically covered by Web sites .
On Monday , GateGuru , an application for the iPhone developed by Dan Gellert , a former associate in Time Warner ’s venture investment group , set out to solve that problem .
The software is targeted at the airport - hopping road warriors like the character George Clooney plays in the new film “ Up in the Air . ”
“ Despite there being $ 6 billion in annual spending at airports and a billion hours spent within the top 85 airports alone , there ’s nothing to help people navigate the airport marketplace , ” Mr. Gellert said .
GateGuru takes a direct feed from the top United States airports with information about all of their bookshops , restaurants and other concessions , both before security and after , and then it asks users to submit reviews .
A version for $ 1.99 in Apple ’s App Store allows people to navigate the nation ’s top 85 airports ; a free version lets a user pick two airports .
With the app only live for one day , reviews are only now trickling in .
For example , a user named Joeme writes that the fare at the cocktail lounge Ozone - Bos in Boston Logan ’s B terminal “ is about as good as airport food gets ” and gives the establishment four stars .
In Terminal 4 of J.F.K. in New York , Mr. Gellert himself gives the KFC Express one sad star : “ So subpar unfortunately .
Hit the McDonald ’s or something post- security . ”
Mr. Gellert believes that as airlines cut back on in - flight service , more people are spending time and money in airports and are looking for a guide like GateGuru .
“ You have a captive audience .
If they provide them with decent amenities , they actually do spend money . ”
SkyTV just recently launched exclusive to the Xbox 360 but it seems like the exclusivity might be short lived as recent documents point towards other systems , specifically the PS3 .
According to PaidContent and C21 Media ,
Sky released a 277 page public document and forgot to edit out the following footnote .
“ The deal to provide Sky ’s channels on the PS3 platform has not yet been made public and is confidential to Sky . ”
The document has since been edited by Sky and the line has been taken out .
Though there are plenty of other lines in the document that suggest that Sky TV could be jumping to other platforms .
The document can be viewed here .
“ The channels will also soon be available via [ CONFIDENTIAL ] the Xbox360 [ CONFIDENTIAL ] via the internet . ”
“ They are also likely shortly to become available via the [ CONFIDENTIAL ] Xbox 360 platform [ CONFIDENTIAL ] . ”
The service may never hit the PS3 , though its looking more and more like it will go the route of Netflix and eventually make its way to the PS3 .
As always stay connected to PlayStation LifeStyle for all your PS3 news .
[ Source ]
Until today , Frank thought his years in the circus were wasted time .
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
UFC 107 will take place on Saturday Dec. 12th , live from the Fedex Forum in Memphis , Tennessee .
Diego “ Nightmare ” Sanchez will do battle for the lightweight championship against B.J. Penn .
Frank
Mir looks to get back on track for a title shot by taking on striking specialist Cheick Kongo .
And of course , Chicago ’s MMA favorite Clay Guida gets a shot at Kenny Florian .
Could “ Nightmare ” be the one to finally beat BJ at 155 ?
Will Mir be able to beat Kongo and make one more run at a title ?
Does Guida have enough to beat Ken -Flo ?
Apartment hunting sucks , so I can't blame Bruce Townsley for just plain giving up and moving into an abandoned nuclear missile silo .
Actually , after seeing more pictures of the place , I kinda wanna follow his example .
Advertisement
It started as a 2,200 square foot fixer - upper with 6,000 - pound blast doors and a " 185 - foot hole in the ground where a missile armed with a nuclear warhead used to be . "
It 's still a bit of an ongoing project , with the big hole at least covered up , but Townsley seems to love it .
I do too .
Blast doors and all .
Advertisement
One would have to get used to life without sunlight peeking through shutters , and a gigantic shaft in the center of every round room , but there is a bit of novelty to living in a home like this .
If you 're interested like I am , then check out Wired for many , many more pictures of this kickass home as well as some pointers on shopping for your own abandoned missile silo .
( Wired warns that not all are equal when it comes to being turned into homes . )
[ Wired ]
I blame Petula Clark , really .
If Downtown had n't gripped my four year - old soul , I may have grown up to be a normal , patriotic American .
I worshipped Clark at age four .
I wanted to be her .
According to my aunt Jane , Clark was from some place called England .
My grasp on geography was n't too tight at that age , so in my mind , England was a faraway place full of pretty blonde girls who sang happy songs .
I wanted to be a pretty blonde girl and sing happy songs .
Somehow , I think I must have believed that if I went to England , I would become one .
Eventually , I realised that the transformation from a brunette with thick glasses and a voice that would make the devil cry to a beautiful blonde with the voice of an angel was never going to happen , but by then it was too late .
I had the germ of a notion that there were other places in the world that might be nice places to live – a notion that meant that I was destined to be a Bad American .
Good Americans do n't question the essential superiority of America .
Many Americans boast that they have no desire to even travel to another country .
They believe that it is a sign of patriotism to wallow in ignorance of the rest of the world .
Not all Good Americans are quite that patriotic .
Some are open to the possibility that there might be other places in the world that are nice to visit .
Really open - minded Good Americans think that , if one is quite adventurous , one might even live in another country for a year or two .
Bad Americans not only think that it is possible to be happy in another country , they 're open to the possibility that there might be things about other countries that are actually nicer than America .
Bad Americans would give up their right to own an assault rifle for the right to see a doctor without taking out a loan .
They think that public transport should n't just be for people who are too poor to own a car .
Clearly , Clark is n't solely responsible for my failure to become a Good American , so how did it happen ?
What makes a nice girl from Cowpat Junction , Iowa , decide that a person could be happy living outside the Land of the Free and the Home of the Brave ?
To some extent , it must be just an innate curiosity about the world .
As I grew up , I kept developing fascinations with other places .
Watching beautiful , graceful Ludmilla Tourischeva in the 1972 Olympics prompted me to learn about the Soviet Union and that taught me early on that they were n't necessarily my enemy .
Adolescence hit and the crush on Björn Borg sent me searching for information about Sweden .
The crush on Sweden long outlived the crush on Borg .
A novel I read made me want to learn about ancient Persia and that led to an interest in Iran .
Exchange students taught me about life in Sweden , Japan , Germany , Norway and Switzerland .
They all seemed perfectly happy with their countries .
They all seemed to have the same freedoms I did .
That these fascinations were set against a backdrop of the Vietnam war , the Watergate scandal and the fact that there was still a need for the civil rights movement added to my inability to develop the notion that the US was somehow morally superior to other countries .
Travels since my first trip to Europe in 1980 have confirmed my status as a Bad American .
I spent two and a half years travelling and living in Britain , Sweden and Germany .
In that time , I failed to learn of any freedoms Americans have that other countries do n't , apart from that damn freedom to own an assault rifle .
As I said , I 'd gladly give that one up in exchange for universal healthcare and decent public transport .
But then , I would , would n't I ? I am a Bad American .
The hunt is on ( Image : DARPA )
Tomorrow morning , people across the US will start hunting for 10 weather balloons hidden across the country by the Pentagon ’s research agency DARPA .
The treasure hunt is designed to test how well people can coordinate with one another online and will award $ 40,000 to the first person to enter the GPS coordinates of all 10 balloons , accurate to within a mile .
The 2.5 - metre - diameter tethered balloons will be flown only in daylight , and taken down for the night .
DARPA has run competitions in the past to encourage the development of new technology , for example the Urban Challenge for robotic cars .
But the DARPA Network Challenge is instead about how people use existing technology to solve a task , says Norm Whitaker , a project director at DARPA .
Advertisement
“ It ’s not really the balloons we ’re looking for ; we ’re looking for the techniques and the capabilities that the internet has made possible , ” says Whitaker .
Happy birthday , internet
The challenge is both a celebration of the internet ’s 40th birthday and a chance for the agency to learn more about how people can mobilise and react to changes in their environment , says Whitaker .
“ If we need to locate people or contact them fast , how would we do that ? ”
Whitaker points out that before the internet , civil authorities would have turned to TV news bulletins to get a message out about local floods , for example .
But today , there are faster alternatives .
“ With Twitter or Facebook , we can reach out to people in a matter of seconds , ” says Whitaker .
He expects people to use tools like these to try to win .
Find a friend
Some people taking part are willing to talk strategy .
Karlan Mitchell , a dental technician and computer programmer located outside San Francisco , is writing software to search Twitter and Facebook for news of balloon locations .
In a nod to the anniversary , he ’s targeting updates originating from the vicinity of sites connected to the internet ’s forerunner , Arpanet , such as the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania .
In addition , people can leave information about a balloon ’s location on his site to gain a cut of any winnings .
Meanwhile if Randy Janinda , a computer security specialist located near Atlanta , Georgia , wins , he will give away all the prize money to those who helped .
The opportunity to study what people can do with their online networks is more interesting than the cash , he says .
“ We build up these social networks , collecting friends on Facebook , and thousands of Twitter followers , but how much influence does one person really have over another ? ” he asks .
False leads
Echoing a sentiment expressed by some of the contestants , Whitaker stresses that the challenges of cooperating online make finding the balloons more complex than it might first appear .
Establishing trust and dealing with false information will be difficult , he says .
New York - based artist Larry Moss hopes to avoid trust problems by working with a network of fellow balloon artists he has cultivated online since 1991 .
Rather than children ’s entertainers , though , they are “ serious artists whose medium is balloons ” , he says .
If the balloon artist team win DARPA ’s prize , they plan to use their winnings to honour the internet ’s birthday by building and flying a 9 - metre - tall cupcake made of balloons .
“ You ca n’t have a birthday without cupcakes , ” says Moss .
Enlarge By Richard Ambo , The Honolulu Advertiser Pearl Harbor survivor Harold B. O'Connor autographs a card for Rebecca Dale , of Melbourne , Australia , as work continues behind them on the new visitor center for the USS Arizona Memorial .
PEARL HARBOR  Harold O'Connor , 88 , was a Navy Fireman First Class on the USS Thornton , a destroyer seaplane tender , in Pearl Harbor on Dec. 7 , 1941 , when the Japanese attacked .
" All the torpedo planes were coming right off our fantail , " O'Connor recalls .
" I watched the West Virginia go up from two torpedoes that were dropped .
All hell was breaking loose .
I saw the bombs that hit the Arizona . "
That 's just one of O'Connor 's World War II stories from the Pacific .
The Hawaii man was again on the Thornton in 1942 taking Marines to Palmyra Atoll , when the ship ran aground on New Year 's Eve .
There he saw two torpedoes streaming toward where he stood .
" I said , ' Goodbye world , ' and I hit the deck , " O'Connor said .
" Nothing happened .
I got up , and here come two more torpedoes .
They came right under where I was standing . "
O'Connor 's recollections go beyond Japan 's 1941 attack on Oahu and so will the new $ 58 million Pearl Harbor center under construction for the USS Arizona Memorial here , says Daniel Martinez , chief historian for the emerging World War II Valor in the Pacific National Monument .
President George W. Bush set that change in motion last year when he proclaimed the Arizona Memorial and visitor center part of the World War II Valor in the Pacific National Monument , which includes nine sites : five in Hawaii , three in Alaska , and one in California at the Tule Lake Segregation Center , which was where Japanese Americans were detained during World War II .
The challenge for the National Park Service , which runs the Arizona Memorial , is to expand its exhibits to incorporate the new Pacific mandate , Martinez says .
" We 're at the beginning of trying to interpret how we 're going to carry this out , " Martinez said .
" There are other ways to communicate this story besides traditional exhibits , so we 're looking at ways to do it on the Web , we 're looking at ways to do it through interpretive programs , we 're looking at ways to do it through education . "
A visitor center had been planned long before Bush 's announcement .
The existing facility , which was built in 1980 , was sinking .
It was too small to accommodate the more than 1.3 million people who visit the state 's No. 1 tourist attraction each year .
Visitors who arrive today at the center for the boat ride to Kilo pier on the Pearl Harbor Navy base — where a commemoration ceremony will be held — will be greeted by a circuitous path of 12 - foot chain - link fences covered in black fabric batting , a construction barrier separating older buildings still in use at the visitor center from their new replacements .
The new facility will occupy 24,000 square feet and have nearly double the current museum exhibition space , according to the Arizona Memorial Museum Association .
The campuslike design spreads new buildings and shaded walkways over a much larger area than before .
" You feel kind of confined here , " said visitor Shannon Howland , 50 , of Seattle , who was waiting last week in the visitor center courtyard for the movie and boat trip to the memorial .
" The more open they make it , the better it will be — just for the flow of people on a busy day . "
Construction began about a year ago , and the first phase , which includes an education center , restrooms , a bookstore and snack shop , is scheduled to open around Feb. 16 , project director Tom Fake said .
The exhibits Road to War , Oahu 1941 , and Attack and Aftermath will be part of the second phase , which is to be completed by Dec. 7 , 2010 .
The " attack " gallery will have an 18 - foot mural depicting Battleship Row off Ford Island on Dec. 7 , 1941 .
A one - third scale model of a banking Japanese torpedo plane will be hung overhead , and the roar of passing enemy planes will be heard in the exhibit , Martinez said .
An anti-aircraft gun that came off the sunken USS Utah , a 5 - foot - by - 9 - foot riveted slab of the USS Arizona 's superstructure , and an oscilloscope showing the radar picture before the attack , also are included in the exhibit plan , he said .
Today 's events for the expected 2,000 people in attendance , will include a moment of silence , a " missing man " flyover , wreath presentations , featured speakers , a rifle salute and taps .
The 7:55 a.m. attack killed 2,390 people .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
My buddy Benson sends over his latest masterpiece .
As a Pittsburgh sports fan , the only shore you care about is the North Shore …home to both PNC Park and Heinz Field .
So if you ’re like me , you saw the MTv series “ Jersey Shore ” and immediately thought how stupid their shore was in relation to ours .
Oh wow …a bunch of over - privileged Italian kids acting a fool in bars .
We successfully got them off our island ( I live in Queens now , so technically the island ) , and into Jersey .
But MTv still wanted to highlight their absurdity .
Why not go to the North Shore instead of the Jersey Shore ?
Rather than loudmouth , unattractive chicks getting punched in the face , you get to see Super Bowl trophies and Yinzers gambling at the new Rivers Casino .
Gotta be just as interesting , right ?
And instead of that one stupid dude who calls himself The Situation , we have a star - in - the - making QB who goes by The Concussion .
Brilliance .
Video below .
Let ’s hope the season finale does n’t happen this Sunday .
As Paul Krugman put it , states that cut spending in a time of recession are like 50 little Herbert Hoovers .
Well , welcome to New York State , whose governor just slashed payments to schools and local authorities in a bid to keep the state solvent .
DailyNews : New York City will lose at least $ 84 million in funding under Gov. Paterson 's plan to withhold payments to keep the state afloat this month .
Saying the " day of reckoning " for cash - strapped New York state is here , Paterson announced Sunday he is unilaterally withholding 10 % of nearly $ 1.9 billion in school and municipal aid funding that was to be paid Tuesday .
For the city that means its school aid payment will be about $ 60 million short and its municipal assistance payment $ 23.9 million lower than expected , Paterson 's budget office said .
THE NAME OF THE GAME IN PHILANTHROPY this year is to make your dollars go far -- very far .
With the recession squeezing donors and charities alike , it 's more important than ever to make sure your giving really makes a difference .
Ideally , each dollar you give will transform itself into $ 3 or $ 4 of benefits for your chosen causes -- from improving local schools to easing world poverty .
That 's high - impact giving , and some philanthropists are raising it to a high form of art .
The ...
Tags
Digital media — particularly " social " media like forums , wikis , blogs , and tweets — have forced all people , including intellectuals , to engage each other as never before in human history .
And yet , people have discovered that to know others is not necessarily to love them .
Conflicts and confrontations are a regular feature of daily discussion , which is all fine ; but sometimes these can become personal and hysterical , and lead to lifelong hatreds .
People who frequent forums and other such venues know all about this .
It is often the " noobs " who are at the forefront of the flamewars , getting their feelings hurt and lashing out , creating a spiral to the bottom .
More experienced users learn to distinguish substantive discussion and argument from personality clashes .
At the Mises.org forums , for example , the periodic flamewars involve claims that a post or comment is too brassy , or too studied , or too far afield .
This may or may not be true , but from where do we draw these impressions ?
And what standard is available to decide what is and what is n't tolerated ?
I 've noticed three personality types based on three archetypes or muses in Austrian history and tradition : Ludwig von Mises , Friedrich A. Hayek , and Murray N. Rothbard .
This thought occurs to me as I reflect on a type of complaint that comes to us often about Mises Dailies , as well as controversies that come up in blog comments and discussions , many of which concern the proper style and tone ( and content ) of a site such as this .
The complaints run something like the following :
" Mises would never endorse such inflammatory rhetoric , and he was no anarchist .
He must be turning in his grave after the article you ran yesterday . "
" How can you run an article on the Fed that sticks to only economic analysis without pointing out the insider scam artists who are getting away with robbery on a gargantuan scale ? "
" The site 's recent obsession with [ fill in the blank ] is a huge departure from anything the Austrian economists of the past talked about . "
The points here are not completely invalid , though surely not every article has to say everything or be everything .
There are times for power - elite analysis and times for advancing pure economic understanding .
There are times to denounce war and times to reflect on methodology in the social sciences .
The Austro - libertarian perspective is vast and varied , with implications for the whole world of ideas .
And it is true that articles here can be rather speculative ( Block on private roads , Kinsella on intellectual property , French on the downside of bank deregulation ) , but there is nothing wrong with pushing a paradigm further down the road .
Nor is there anything wrong with passion in defense of freedom .
Is there really a need to choose one approach to prevail ?
Why can't they all work together , provided people can be tolerant toward different temperaments ?
These three types generally follow the styles and approaches of these great thinkers — however different they might be .
Let 's examine the prevailing models and see which one you might fall into .
Ludwig von Mises ( 1881 –1973 )
He was a gentleman of the old school , born into prewar Europe , a brilliant student in every area , with courtly manners that he retained until his death .
He faced immense trials in life ( two wars , economic depression , two migrations , and relentless professional upheaval ) and yet never lost his foundational commitment to reasoned , calm , and relentless argument as the right approach to changing society .
Even when he was witness to amazing banking scams , he resisted naming names to focus only on the facts and logic .
His dedication to truth as he saw it was intransigent from the moment he read Menger 's Principles until his death .
His style was firm , dedicated , and forceful — but always of the old world .
He also retained his commitment to 19th - century - style liberalism — despite the totalitarian trends of the 20th century and despite the growing radicalism of his own later students .
His method was systematic argument in the form of large treatises in which logic was the engine , and his system of thought was revealed book by book over the course of his lifetime .
He believed that the ideas that people hold were ultimately more powerful than their personal interests .
I think of him as the pure intellectual , full of discipline and rigor , but perhaps a bit impersonal .
The old - world ways of burying the personality for the sake of science prevailed in his practice .
And this was true to the point that when Jörg Guido Hülsmann was writing the biography , he became amazed at how little documentation he found on any personal issues .
He lived the purest life of the mind , Guido suggests .
Friedrich A. Hayek ( 1899 –1992 )
Hayek was a colleague of Mises 's who adopted a different style and approach , first as a teacher faithful to the master in Austria and then later in London as the popularizer and systemizer of Mises 's business - cycle theory in London .
His battles with the Keynesians and the Fabians , however , imparted to him a strong sense of the importance of presentation in the war of ideas .
He was temperamentally disposed to seeing his opponent 's point of view ; he crafted his message in a way that was not merely true but also , in his view , convincing .
He was not a system builder so much as a curious and brilliant scholar who took on topics one at a time throughout a long life , a man whose positions on issues evolved in unpredictable ways .
He was a dedicated proponent of the gold standard who later ( regrettably ) suggested that some reinflation after a crisis might be necessary and ( wisely ) later came to the radical defense of an immediate end to all central banking .
He penned compromises with the welfare state in one book and later argued the " extreme " view that no forms of intervention can improve on the natural evolution of the social order .
He spoke about the common law and the merit of evolved tradition , on the one hand , and in other writings took a strictly libertarian view about property and the state .
Then just when you think that Hayek was a bit of a softy , you find an old interview with him on national television holding a hard line on the topics of inflation and unemployment .
Part of what makes
Hayek interesting is precisely this sense of struggle that you get in his writings , the sense that he is not presenting a finished package but working through topics in light of his scholarly understanding — as led by evidence and reflection .
In this way , he leaves some very interesting surprises .
Of all the Austrians , he was strongest against " intellectual property " and , before Rothbard , he might have been the most sympathetic to the idea of a stateless society as a viable option .
He never stopped learning and never stopped his intellectual struggle .
Murray N. Rothbard ( 1926 –1995 )
Rothbard was a system builder of a different sort , but more open , more enthusiastic and spirited , a researcher whose theoretical apparatus seems to have been largely in place from the time he put pen to paper and certainly by the time he finished his large treatise on economic theory .
He took his economics from Mises and his libertarianism from Chodorov and the old American liberals , and knitted it all into a dazzling system of thought .
He had this remarkable capacity for teasing out the best from the thoughts of all ages , devouring books like snacks , and putting what he found into a model that applies in our times and all times .
The resulting outlook provided the perfect tableau for historical studies , and here , in my view , is where Rothbard 's work really takes flight .
There were no taboos , no unthinkable thoughts , no unspeakable phrases , no preconceptions , no sacred cows .
He was a discoverer whose books take the reader through wild rides of villains and heroes , frauds and truth speakers , tragic victims and triumphant struggles .
Even the longest - dead characters in history were still alive in Rothbard 's mind .
As for his rhetorical style , it was pure fire .
Progress meant breaking the model .
He was committed to science but he was also ebullient in a way that is uncharacteristic of great scholars .
Fun does n't quite describe it .
Just his presence in a room made the entire event entertaining for everyone .
He was quick to laugh and he did so often and uproariously , and the juxtaposition between radical theory and outrageous fun was irresistible .
Fighting the enemies of liberty for him was a gallant and thrilling adventure , and fighting for liberty was pure joy .
He had a way of regarding every moment of life as something of historic importance .
He could turn a drab academic meeting into a memorable occasion , writing about it later the same way that others might write about wars and revolutions .
This is far from Hayek , far from Mises , but completely captivating and thereby essential to the Rothbardian way .
Three in One
So there we have it : the three tendencies of the Austro - libertarians I 've seen online .
We might sum up the dominant traits as reasoned , reflective , and radical .
That 's not to say that each of these three thinkers did not embody all of these traits .
We are speaking here of large tendencies stretching over three long lives , about dominant characteristics that one might take from each thinker .
Nor is it the case that people working within this tradition must always fall into a single category .
Some days , we feel as radical as Rothbard , others as reasoned and cool as Mises , and others as speculative and searching as Hayek .
Sometimes it depends on whom we have most recently read .
Great thinkers tend to have this effect on the world , transferring not only their ideas but also their temperaments to those who are influenced by them .
Yes , there are tensions from time to time , but Mises.org communities are proof that all three types can get along just fine , so long as no one is prepared to purge the other , or otherwise push one style , one approach , one method at the expense of the others .
We can look at other figures in the history of the school , people like Hazlitt or Hutt , or at modern thinkers like Salerno or Hoppe , and see that they too embody a variety of these approaches .
It is a hopeless task to attempt to impersonate anyone , and Mises.org mavens cannot and should not do this for Mises or for Hayek or for Rothbard .
We can only learn from them and be inspired by them .
To draw insights from all sources is to create the kind of diversity that makes for a vibrant and productive intellectual paradigm and an endlessly fascinating website erected in the defense of liberty .
PRISTINA / BERLIN
( Own report ) - A new mafia scandal involving Berlin's Kosovo partner is creating unrest in Pristina .
A former agent of the Kosovo intelligence service explained that a close associate of Kosovo 's incumbent Prime Minister , Hashim Thaci , had commissioned the assassinations of political opponents .
According to his report , spies from Thaci 's entourage were also responsible for threats and assaults on witnesses , who were to testify against former UCK commanders before the ICTY war crimes tribunal .
The European Union , who 's " Rule of Law Mission " ( EULEX ) has known of the accusations for months , is still dragging its feet .
Hashim
Thaci , who , from the beginning has been rumored to have been involved in organized crime , has been collaborating closely with Berlin and Brussels .
In the German capital , he is considered to be the guarantee for preventing unrest in Kosovo , whose secession is being examined for its compatibility with international law by the International Court of Justice since last week .
Whereas German jurists , with eccentric argumentation , are seeking to lend the illegal secession from Serbia an appearance of legality , Spanish jurists are confirming that the act was illegal .
Commissioned Assassinations
The newest mafia scandal involving Pristina 's secessionist regime was set in motion by the former secret agent Nazim Bllaca .
Bllaca alleges that he had been in the employ of the secret service , SHIK , since the end of the war waged against Yugoslavia in 1999 by NATO and the troops of Kosovo 's terrorist UCK militia .
This secret service had been created by the UCK during the war and placed under the command of former UCK commander , Hashim Thachi's Partia Demokratike e Kosoves ( PDK , Democratic Party of Kosovo ) founded in 1999 .
Agents of the SHIK were active in organized crime .
( Thaci is also rumored to have been heavily involved in organized crime . ) [ 1 ]
The agents extorted protection money and were mainly dealing in real estate .
[ 2 ]
One of their victims was a Pristina architect , who had wanted to take steps against the extremely widespread illegal construction activities .
Bllaca explained that he had personally committed 17 crimes in the course of his SHIK activities , including extortion , assassination assaults , torture and serving as a contract killer .
He reported that the SHIK crimes were also aimed at Thaci 's political rival , Ibrahim Rugova and his party assistants in the Lidhja Demokratike e Kosoves ( LKD , Democratic League of Kosovo ) .
As a matter of fact , since 1999 several people from Rugova 's close entourage had been killed .
Sexual Slave Trade
Bllaca is making grave accusations , directly implicating the entourage of Kosovo 's Prime Minister , Hashim Thaci .
For years Berlin and the EU have been cooperating with Thaci and are using his clan 's influence to maintain control over Kosovo .
No one has illusions about his activities .
Already three years ago , a study commissioned by the German military , noted that on " the international level , " Thaci is in control of wide ranging " criminal networks . " [ 3 ]
The German Foreign Intelligence Service , BND , concluded even earlier , that Thaci has commissioned " professional killers . "
Whether this was referring to the professional killer , Nazim Bllaca , is not yet known .
Bllaca says that he received his orders for contract killings from Azem Syla .
Syla , who in the 90s had been the UCK general chief of staff , is one of Thaci 's close collaborators .
Today he is honored as a businessman in Pristina .
According to Bllaca , another high - ranking politician in Thaci 's entourage had given SHIK agents criminal contracts - Xhavit Haliti .
Haliti is currently a member of the Kosovo Parliament 's Presidium and its foreign policy committee .
Years ago , the BND has accused him of being involved in organized criminal activities , particularly the sexual slave trade . [ 4 ]
Intimidation of Witnesses
It is not yet clear what role the EU's " Rule of Law Mission , " EULEX is playing in this current scandal .
Bllaca claims to have confessed to EULEX months ago , to permit them to solve the crimes .
It is unknown that EULEX has undertaken necessary measures .
A few days ago , Bllaca found himself forced to go public with his confession and divulge additional information .
Since then he has been jailed and placed under EU guard .
[ 5 ]
The evidence he has exposed could prove helpful for the UN's ICTY war crimes tribunal , for example that SHIK agents had threatened and assaulted witnesses , who were supposed to testify against the UCK before the tribunal .
Several suspected war criminals had been acquitted because witnesses repudiated their previous testimonies or had even been murdered .
Bllaca , who will now stand trial for his alleged murders , has not been able to find a defense lawyer willing to take the risk of defending him in a Pristina courtroom .
Entity
While the new accusations against Hashim Thaci and his entourage are stirring unrest in Pristina , the International Court of Justice in The Hague opened its hearing , December 1 , into the case surrounding the secession of Kosovo .
Following the secession of its southern province , Serbia had filed suit to receive confirmation of the secession 's illegality .
Last week three German international jurists testified , seeking to create the impression that the secession was legal with very eccentric argumentation .
For example , the German government 's legal advisor , Susanne Wasum - Rainer , claimed that in the aftermath of the invasion by NATO troops and the installation of a UN administration , Kosovo became an " entity , " to which the principle of territorial integrity could not apply . [ 6 ]
A " declaration of independence " had not been prohibited by international law and was therefore acceptable .
The international jurist from Heidelberg , Jochen Frowein , who on various occasions has been commissioned by the Berlin government , admitted that secession could be in violation of international law , if it is achieved through the intervention of external powers , but this was not the case in Kosovo . [ 7 ]
Non-Binding
The representative of the Spanish government at the hearing in The Hague proved not quite as imaginative .
Spain , along with four other EU nations [ 8 ] and more than two - thirds of the other nations around the world , does not recognize the secession of Kosovo .
In The Hague , Madrid 's international legal advisor pleaded her case on the basis that Serbia is a nation and therefore enjoys its claim to territorial integrity .
The Western nations under German - US American leadership had deceived the United Nations in their recognizing this secession .
" In light of their policy of faits accomplis , " she said , " we are appealing to the power of rights . " [ 9 ]
In case The Hague , rather than succumb to Berlin 's legal fantasies , upholds prevailing law , declaring the secession illegal , media organs in Germany are already spreading the rumor that the decision of the International Court of Justice is non-binding .
In such a case , Germany will recognize the Kosovo secessionist Mafiosi regime that has illegally declared the province independent - even against the verdict of the UN's International Court of Justice .
Further information on German cooperation with criminal structures in Kosovo can be found here : Political Friendships , " Thank You Germany ! " , Arbitrariness in Power , In Accordance With NATO Standards and The Sorcerer 's Apprentice .
[ 1 ] see also Organhandel and Die Mafia als Staat
[ 2 ] Angeblicher Killer erschüttert Kosovo ; Basler Zeitung 02.12.2009
[ 3 ] see also " Thank You Germany ! "
[ 4 ] see also Unter deutscher Aufsicht
[ 5 ] Angeblicher Killer erschüttert Kosovo ; Basler Zeitung 02.12.2009
[ 6 ] , [ 7 ]
Berlin : Kosovo ist kein Präzedenzfall ; Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung 03.12.2009
[ 8 ] Neben Spanien erkennen auch die EU - Mitglieder Slowakei , Rumänien , Griechenland und Zypern die Sezession des Kosovo nicht an .
[ 9 ]
España apela al derecho internacional para declarar ilegal la independencia de Kosovo ; El País 08.12.2009
Officials to see condemned Briton Akmal Shaikh in China
Akmal Shaikh was arrested in north - west China in 2007 British consular staff are set to fly to the Chinese region of Xinjiang to see condemned Briton Akmal Shaikh and discuss his case .
The government has asked for clemency to be shown because he is believed to suffer from bipolar disorder .
The Beijing - based staff will fly to the city of Urumqi where he is being held .
Mr Shaikh , 53 , from London , is due to be executed on Tuesday .
He has denied knowledge of the 4kg of heroin found with him in 2007 .
Family pleas
The Briton would become the first EU national to be executed in China in 50 years .
CHINA DEATH PENALTY China executed 1,718 people in 2008 , according to Amnesty International Last year 72 % of the world 's total executions took place in China , the charity estimates
It applies to 60 offences , including non-violent crimes such as tax fraud and embezzlement
Those sentenced to death are usually shot , but some provinces are introducing lethal injections
His family says he has bipolar disorder and travelled to China with the promise of being made into a pop star , despite having no singing experience .
The charity Reprieve , which promotes human rights , said he was then duped by a criminal gang into unwittingly carrying drugs for them .
They say his strange behaviour was " influenced or caused by " his mental illness .
Consular staff are expected to talk to Chinese officials about the case .
Reprieve said two members of Mr Shaikh 's family - his cousins Soohail Shaikh and Nasir Shaikh - would fly to Urumqi on Saturday .
There they will deliver legal petitions asking for his case to be reviewed .
Turned down Soohail Shaikh says in his petition : " We plead for his life , asking that a full mental health evaluation be conducted to assess the impact of his mental illness , and that recognition be made that he is not as culpable as those who might , under Chinese law , be eligible for the death penalty . "
Reprieve said Mr Shaikh 's execution had been set for 29 December .
Mr Shaikh 's final appeal against his conviction was turned down earlier this week .
The UK has raised the case with China 10 times during the last six months at senior levels to argue forcibly against the use of the death penalty .
But so far China has resisted calls to stop the execution .
The BBC's Michael Bristow in Beijing said : " British officials appear to be making a last - ditch effort to stop Akmal Shaikh 's execution . "
The Briton 's brother has already made a plea for mercy .
In a letter to the Chinese Ambassador , Akbar Shaikh said his brother 's life had been destroyed by mental illness .
Mr Shaikh said his brother , when healthy , was a kind and harmless man who was much loved by his family .
' Backwards step '
He said : " I beg you to spare his children the trauma of losing their father , and to spare me the agony of losing my brother .
" Akmal 's cousins are also horrified by the prospect of his death , so far away and without the possibility of being able to say goodbye .
" Perhaps the most important of all is the effect this would have on my mother .
She is a frail woman , and our family have not been able to break the news to her that she may lose her youngest child next week . "
UN special rapporteur Philip Alston said there were " strong indications " Mr Shaikh suffered from mental illness , which the Chinese courts had failed to take into account .
" Executing a mentally ill man would be a major step backwards for China and I very much hope that the government will grant clemency in this case , " he said .
And Downing Street said the prime minister had written to China 's leaders to express his dismay after Mr Shaikh 's sentence was upheld by the Supreme People 's Court .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
If Men Could Menstruate by Gloria Steinem
A white minority of the world has spent centuries conning us into thinking that a white skin makes people superior - even though the only thing it really does is make them more subject to ultraviolet rays and to wrinkles .
Male human beings have built whole cultures around the idea that penis envy is " natural " to women - though having such an unprotected organ might be said to make men vulnerable , and the power to give birth makes womb envy at least as logical .
In short , the characteristics of the powerful , whatever they may be , are thought to be better than the characteristics of the powerless - and logic has nothing to do with it .
What would happen , for instance , if suddenly , magically , men could menstruate and women could not ?
The answer is clear - menstruation would become an enviable , boast - worthy , masculine event :
Men would brag about how long and how much .
Boys would mark the onset of menses , that longed - for proof of manhood , with religious ritual and stag parties .
Congress would fund a National Institute of Dysmenorrhea to help stamp out monthly discomforts .
Sanitary supplies would be federally funded and free .
( Of course , some men would still pay for the prestige of commercial brands such as John Wayne Tampons , Muhammad Ali's Rope- a - dope Pads , Joe Namath Jock Shields - " For Those Light Bachelor Days , " and Robert " Baretta " Blake Maxi-Pads . )
Military men , right - wing politicians , and religious fundamentalists would cite menstruation ( " men-struation " ) as proof that only men could serve in the Army ( " you have to give blood to take blood " ) , occupy political office ( " can women be aggressive without that steadfast cycle governed by the planet Mars ? " ) , be priest and ministers ( " how could a woman give her blood for our sins ? " ) or rabbis ( " without the monthly loss of impurities , women remain unclean " ) .
Male radicals , left - wing politicians , mystics , however , would insist that women are equal , just different , and that any woman could enter their ranks if she were willing to self - inflict a major wound every month ( " you MUST give blood for the revolution " ) , recognize the preeminence of menstrual issues , or subordinate her selfness to all men in their Cycle of Enlightenment .
Street guys would brag ( " I 'm a three pad man " ) or answer praise from a buddy ( " Man , you lookin ' good ! " ) by giving fives and saying , " Yeah , man , I 'm on the rag ! " TV shows would treat the subject at length .
( " Happy Days " : Richie and Potsie try to convince Fonzie that he is still " The Fonz , " though he has missed two periods in a row . )
So would newspapers .
( SHARK SCARE THREATENS MENSTRUATING MEN .
JUDGE CITES MONTHLY STRESS IN PARDONING RAPIST . )
And movies .
( Newman and Redford in " Blood Brothers " ! )
Men would convince women that intercourse was more pleasurable at " that time of the month . "
Lesbians would be said to fear blood and therefore life itself - though probably only because they needed a good menstruating man .
Of course , male intellectuals would offer the most moral and logical arguments .
How could a woman master any discipline that demanded a sense of time , space , mathematics , or measurement , for instance , without that in - built gift for measuring the cycles of the moon and planets - and thus for measuring anything at all ?
In the rarefied fields of philosophy and religion , could women compensate for missing the rhythm of the universe ?
Or for their lack of symbolic death - and - resurrection every month ?
Liberal males in every field would try to be kind : the fact that " these people " have no gift for measuring life or connecting to the universe , the liberals would explain , should be punishment enough .
And how would women be trained to react ?
One can imagine traditional women agreeing to all arguments with a staunch and smiling masochism .
( " The ERA would force housewives to wound themselves every month " : Phyllis Schlafly .
" Your husband 's blood is as sacred as that of Jesus - and so sexy , too ! " : Marabel Morgan . )
Reformers and Queen Bees would try to imitate men , and pretend to have a monthly cycle .
All feminists would explain endlessly that men , too , needed to be liberated from the false idea of Martian aggressiveness , just as women needed to escape the bonds of menses envy .
Radical feminist would add that the oppression of the nonmenstrual was the pattern for all other oppressions ( " Vampires were our first freedom fighters ! " )
Cultural feminists would develop a bloodless imagery in art and literature .
Socialist feminists would insist that only under capitalism would men be able to monopolize menstrual blood . . . .
In fact , if men could menstruate , the power justifications could probably go on forever .
If we let them .
According to a statement released by Sony , inFAMOUS has sold in excess of 1.2 million units from its release date in May 2009 through October .
To celebrate this success , Sony announced that in the near future , inFAMOUS will be available at a reduced retail price of $ 39.95 .
Furthermore , the “ Gigawatt Blades ” DLC that was previously only available to users who had pre-ordered the game , will be available free of charge for all players from December 10 onward .
inFAMOUS was developed by Sucker Punch Entertainment , the same developer who brought us the famous Sly Cooper series .
Humans are no different from other animals .
Human population growth seems to be similar to rabbit population growth without predators .
This continually increasing growth is unsustainable and may be part of the boom and bust cycle .
Are humans smart enough to avoid the bust ?
We are an extremely adaptive species .
We have reduced death rates and increased birth rates with development of sanitation and medicine ( Give ourselves a big pat on the back ) .
We have increased the carrying capacity for humans through the development of agriculture , the industrial revolution , and technological advancements .
For more information see The Theory of Population Growth Cycles by Donald Cowgill .
HOLD UP … there is a problem .
We are still breeding like rabbits .
Human population is growing exponentially without any serious moderating influence ( even wars and diseases are not stemming the growth ) .
However , just like the grass around an overpopulated rabbit warren , our resources are becoming more scarce and less appetizing .
There are numerous problems that will be exacerbated by global climate change .
Examples of these these problems are droughts occurring in Australia , flooding in Bangladesh , biodiversity loss in the Amazon , increased forest fires in the Western United States , and hurricanes buffeting the Caribbean .
These issues are described in more detail by the fourth IPCC Report , which summarized in Dire Predictions : Understanding Global Warming : The Illustrated guide to the findings of the IPCC and a wikipedia summary .
Global climate change is an especially deadly affliction , because it is weakening the earths immune system while causing the above mentioned symptoms to be more intense .
I described this in more detail in the blog article Is Earth an AIDS patient ?
This has created an unhealthy cycle that is eroding the earth ’s immune system .
This is a perfect example of the tragedy of the commons , where everyone is hurt by the over exploitation of resources .
We need to use our adaptivity to be able to address these problems .
It is therefore important to look at what is inhibiting effective adaptation .
Increasingly a large number of the growing population is being born into poverty and being impacted by climate influenced disasters .
It is highlighted in A Stitch in Time : General Lessons from Specific Case Studies that one of the largest barrier to adaptation to climate change in the future is poverty .
This is because there is not sufficient social and political institutions nor is there a sufficient economic and natural resources available to help people to adapt to changing environments and conditions .
Are humans different than other animals ?
Being smarter than rabbits has not stopped us from experiencing unsustainable population growth .
Unfortunately , these younger generations are being born into an unstable world .
What would make us different from rabbits and other animals is if we were able to control our population , ( in a hopefully more moderate manner than the One - Child Policy in China , which is described in greater detail in the BBC Challenge on the One - Child Policy ) .
We need to acknowledge that population control is a method for adapting to protect future populations from over resource use and their corresponding externalities .
Even though this is politically and socially distasteful I would argue that it is preferable to allowing runaway population growth , resulting in even larger conflicts over resource use .
Humans may have no predators now , but it is only a matter of time before the wolves of global climate change begin to decimate the impoverished peoples of the world .
Tags : adaptation , climate change , Philip Rothrock
InfoQ Homepage Presentations Functional Programming with a Mainstream Language
Functional Programming with a Mainstream Language
Like Bookmarks
View Presentation Vertical
Horizontal
Full
Speed : 1x
1.25x
1.5x
2x
49:58
Summary Sadek Drobi shows how he applied functional programming principles to a real - life project which needed to meet certain performance requirements .
He shares the lessons learnt on using mutation , laziness , recursion , functions , monads , list comprehensions and parallelization in an attempt to achieve a functional domain model .
Bio Sadek Drobi is a software engineer specialized in design and implementation of enterprise applications .
He is a programming languages evangelist at Valtech France ( www.valtech.fr), where he works as consultant and tech lead , currently working on a research proposal relative to language oriented programming and multiparadigm design .
He maintains a technical blog at www.sadekdrobi.com.
About the conference QCon is a conference that is organized by the community , for the community .
The result is a high quality conference experience where a tremendous amount of attention and investment has gone into having the best content on the most important topics presented by the leaders in our community .
QCon is designed with the technical depth and enterprise focus of interest to technical team leads , architects , and project managers .
Director says he has cracked the structure of Yann Martel 's allegorical novel about a boy adrift at sea with a tiger
It has been stuck in development hell for much of the past decade , but the big - screen version of Yann Martel 's 2002 Man Booker prize - winning novel Life of Pi finally looks set to go into production after the Oscar - winning film - maker Ang Lee confirmed it will be his next film .
Martel 's acclaimed novel chronicles the travails of a shipwrecked teenage boy stuck on a life raft with only a female orangutan , injured zebra , hungry hyena and brooding Bengal tiger for company .
In recent years the likes of M Night Shyamalan , Jean - Pierre Jeunet and Alfonso Cuarón have all been attached at one time or another to the project , but none has managed to get a movie into production .
Lee told the Digital Spy website his version was still at the scripting stage and he had not yet begun to think about casting .
" I 'm delivering the first draft , " he said .
" I think I 've cracked the structure of the movie and I 'll figure out how to do it later .
" How exactly I 'm going to do it , I do n't know … A little boy adrift at sea with a tiger .
It 's a hard one to crack ! "
Lee said the film would most likely be out in two years ' time .
The Taiwan - born director 's next movie in UK cinemas will be Taking Woodstock , his comedy - drama about the 1969 music festival , which premiered in May to lukewarm reviews at Cannes .
It screens at the London film festival today and opens nationwide on 13 November .
Submitted by Eternity on Tue , 12/08/2009 - 21:49 .
Yes Magazine ! -
This June , the doors will open at the Evergreen Cooperative Laundry , a state - of - the - art , nearly $ 6 million facility in Cleveland , Ohio .
What ’s so special about this laundry ?
In a word , ownership .
The business will be 100 percent owned by its 50 employees , virtually all of whom live in the surrounding community .
Life is tough in this neighborhood , where the poverty rate exceeded 30 percent and thousands of homes lay stripped and abandoned even before the current recession began .
In the midst of this urban distress , the Evergreen Laundry employee - owners will earn a living wage and health benefits .
As members of the co-op , they will enjoy greater job security than workers at more traditional businesses , and , after seven years on the job , they will have built an ownership stake of as much as $ 65,000 .
The laundry is the flagship of a wider network of Evergreen Cooperative businesses , part of an effort to transform the quality of life for Cleveland ’s low - and moderate - income residents .
While its planners — the Cleveland Foundation , the Ohio Employee Ownership Center at Kent State University , ShoreBank Enterprise and others — drew on experiences gained in cities around the country , the Evergreen initiative represents some important firsts .
It is the first attempt to bring together the economic power of “ anchor institutions ” — universities and hospitals , in this case — that have a long - term commitment to the city .
Instead of luring outside corporations with promises of tax breaks and lax standards for labor and environmental practices , the Evergreen strategy develops home - grown worker - owned enterprises that can offer ongoing services to these anchor institutions .
This represents the first significant effort to create green jobs that not only pay a decent wage , but also build assets and wealth for employees , since they are not only workers , but also owners .
If successful , this initiative could become a national model .
Read more .
Roasted Hazelnut Hot Chocolate
I consider myself somewhat of a “ hot chocolate connoisseur . ”
B and I drink it a few times a week during the winter , after dinner , and have ever since we ’ve been married .
Over the years we ’ve really honed what we like — we have a real system to whip up our mugs of chocolatey deliciousness 🙂 — but we ’re always looking for new ways to switch things up .
Now , when I say “ switch things up , ” even I have my limits : and they do not include the time when we accidentally stirred kosher salt into the hot chocolate instead of sugar ….eep !
Not a flavor combination you ever want to try , for sure .
( If you ’re wondering how I could have ever made that mistake , I will just say that when you keep your dry goods in large clear glass containers , unlabeled , like I do , sometimes …. well … mistakes happen . )
start with chopped toasted hazelnuts
A year or two ago , one of my good friends gave us a whole cookbook dedicated to hot chocolate for Christmas ( thanks M ! )
It ’s provided lots of great inspiration for new liquid chocolate concoctions ( none of them containing kosher salt . )
steep the toasted hazelnuts in steamy milk
One of our favorite variations starts with milk that ’s been steeped with chopped roasted hazelnuts , then combines it with chopped dark chocolate and a little dark brown sugar .
It ’s got lots of nice flavors going on : a subtle undertone of toasty hazelnuts , rich dark chocolate , and the caramel -y sweetness of the dark brown sugar .
Some notes on hot chocolate * that I ’ve found make a great mug :
Dutch process cocoa dissolves better than regular unsweetened cocoa powder in liquid , plus it lends a rich , chocolate flavor to the drink .
That being said …
… nothing beats chopped chocolate for the ultimate hot chocolate .
A combination of dutch process cocoa and a little chopped chocolate ( your preference – milk , semisweet , or dark ) equals a super chocolatey , super rich and delicious drink .
Whisking dry cocoa powder directly into hot milk often leaves you with lumps ( or sludge on the bottom of the mug . )
For better dissolving , whisk the cocoa together with the sweetener and a little hot water in the bottom of the mug to make a paste first , then whisk the hot milk into the paste .
You ’ll be amazed at the difference – no lumps !
Honey is usually my sweetener of choice , just a little – maybe a teaspoon .
I like my hot chocolate with just a touch of sweetness .
It ’s never a bad idea to gild the lily with some softly whipped heavy cream . 🙂
* By “ hot chocolate , ” I am referring to drinks made with milk ( no water ) , good quality unsweetened cocoa , maybe some chopped chocolate , and something real to sweeten it ( honey / sugar / maple syrup only , please . )
No “ hot cocoa mix , ” that un-chocolatey powdered stuff with a weird chemical aftertaste , odd dehydrated “ marshmallows ( ? ) , ” and all manner of artificial ingredients ( that people usually mix with water , adding insult to injury ! )
Friends do n’t let friends drink bad hot chocolate … keep it real !
Dutch process cocoa is the best .
mix it into a paste with the brown sugar and water
my favorite – Callebaut dark chocolate
whisk the chocolate and cocoa-sugar paste into the steaming milk
If you wanted to make this mug of hot chocolate really special , you could stir in a little Frangelico liqueur at the end … yowza !
luscious
mmmmmmm
_____________________________________________________________
Roasted Hazelnut Hot Chocolate
Adapted from Dufflet Bakery via Hot Chocolate by Michael Turback
view printable recipe
Ingredients
1/2 cup whole hazelnuts
4 1/2 cups milk , preferably whole or reduced fat
1/4 cup Dutch process cocoa powder
1/4 cup firmly packed dark brown sugar
1/4 cup hot water
4 ounces semisweet or dark chocolate , chopped ( I always go for dark ! )
1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract , or 1/ 4 cup Frangelico liqueur
Directions
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Spread the hazelnuts on a baking sheet , in a single layer , and roast until golden and skins are beginning to crack , about 10 minutes .
Let cool to room temperature , then finely chop ( a food processor makes quick work of this step . )
Bring the milk and chopped hazelnuts to a boil over medium heat in a large heavy saucepan .
Turn the heat off and let the mixture steep for 30 minutes , so the hazelnuts infuse the milk with their flavor .
Meanwhile , whisk the cocoa , brown sugar , and water together in a small bowl to make a paste .
After the milk has finished steeping , heat it up again over medium heat until it begins to steam .
Whisk in the chopped chocolate and the cocoa-sugar paste , until the chocolate is melted .
Take off the heat and stir in the vanilla ( or Frangelico , if using . )
Strain the hot chocolate into 4 mugs .
Top with softly whipped cream and additional chopped hazelnuts , if desired .
Makes 4 servings .
A new Field Poll shows California Attorney General Jerry Brown with a strong lead in next year ’s race for governor , even before he ’s declared himself a candidate and despite months of campaigning by his Democratic rival and three Republicans vying for their party ’s nomination .
The poll released Thursday found that Brown , the former governor , or fellow Democrat Gavin Newsom , the mayor of San Francisco , would fare well against any of the three Republicans .
It found that half of Republican voters had yet to make up their minds in the contest between former eBay chief executive Meg Whitman , former congressman Tom Campbell and state Insurance Commissioner Steve Poizner .
Among Democrats , Brown has a comfortable 20 - point lead over Newsom with a quarter of voters undecided .
U.S. Sen . Dianne Feinstein would trounce either if she opted to get into the race , the poll found .
The poll underscores the struggles of Newsom ’s campaign .
He trailed Brown nearly 7 - to - 1 in fundraising during the first half of the year , even before Brown announced an exploratory committee last week that will allow him to collect larger campaign donations .
Newsom has been campaigning statewide for months as he tries to move beyond his image as the mayor who opened his city to gay marriage .
Brown has repeatedly hinted at seeking the office he held from 1975 to 1983 , but has so far remained coy .
Newsom is seeking to improve his standing in Southern California , where the poll shows Brown has a commanding 31 - point lead .
He tried to tap into the Hollywood donor base this week at a Los Angeles fundraiser with former President Bill Clinton .
“ The biggest differences in this contest , however , are by age , ” pollsters Mark DiCamillo and Mervin Field wrote .
“ Among younger voters in the 18-39 age group , Newsom leads Brown 41 percent to 32 percent .
However , Brown leads Newsom by 30 points among voters age 40 to 64 , and by a huge 45 points among seniors age 65 or older . ”
Older voters are considered among the most reliable to turn out , especially in a primary election .
Thursday ’s Field Poll was based on 1,005 interviews with registered voters conducted by phone from Sept. 18 to Oct.
5 . It has a sampling error rate of plus or minus 3.2 percentage points for all voters , and a sampling error rate of plus or minus 4.5 percentage points for subsamples of Democrats and Republicans .
The poll found that 49 percent of GOP voters are not ready to favor a particular candidate , unsurprising with the election so far away .
The primary is next June .
Among those who do have a preference , Whitman and Campbell were in a virtual tie , at 22 percent and 20 percent respectively .
Poizner trailed with just 9 percent support among GOP voters surveyed .
The poll found Whitman with a slim lead among Southern California voters and Campbell with a slim lead in the north .
Campbell is more popular with voters aged 18 to 49 , while Whitman appeals to those ages 50 to 64 .
Older Republicans were evenly split , the poll found .
Any of the three would have a tough time against a Democratic opponent in the general election , the poll found .
Despite his lackluster fundraising numbers to date , even Newsom has leads of 5 to 9 percent against any of the GOP candidates in the traditionally Democratic state .
Still , Brown and Newsom do n’t come closing to having Feinstein ’s appeal , according to the poll : 40 percent of Democrats said they would back her if she were to jump in , compared with 27 percent for Brown and 16 percent for Newsom .
___
On the Net :
Field Poll : www.field.com
1 2 3 4 next »
What 's new in Fedora 12
by Thorsten Leemhuis
The twelfth version of Fedora is equipped with a current and comprehensive selection of software packages that offer a whole range of technological advancements .
Several of the new features , which include extended hardware support for kernel - based mode setting ( KMS ) , 3D support for recent Radeon graphics cards , and the emerging KSM ( Kernel Samepage Merging ) , are also likely to turn up in other Linux distributions in the near future .
Only a few days after the release of Ubuntu 9.10 and OpenSuse 11.2 , the Fedora project , which is largely sponsored by Red Hat , has made Fedora 12 , its updated Linux distribution code - named Constantine , available to download .
This version was released without the Fedora project 's usual last minute delays – yet the new version of Fedora offers a respectable number of improvements and a comprehensive range of current software .
As usual , the new version of Fedora includes several quite recent developments that are also likely to turn up in other Linux distributions in a few weeks or months – kernel - based mode setting ( KMS ) , for instance , which has already been used extensively since Fedora 11 was released about five months ago , has been further improved and is now used on the majority of modern systems .
Then there are the numerous improvements in the field of virtualisation – for example the emerging KSM ( Kernel Samepage Merging ) technology , which reduces the memory requirements of large virtualisation environments .
Constantine 's new features also include several Moblin components and the use of Delta RPMs .
In addition to these advancements , the Fedora wiki lists forty further new features of Fedora 12 .
Various minor , but by no means insignificant improvements are only mentioned briefly or not mentioned in the list at all – for example the default use of Delta RPMs , experimental 3D support for recent Radeon graphics hardware and numerous improvements to the open source drivers for NVIDIA graphics hardware .
External view
Now also increasingly used in other distributions , kernel - based mode setting ( KMS ) with its jerk - free , animated startup was probably one of the outstanding new features of Fedora 11 .
With Constantine , the Fedora project has taken the next step and activated KMS with many GeForce GPUs as well as Radeon 's series 2000 , 3000 and 4000 graphics hardware .
Since the KMS support for old Radeon graphics cores and for almost all modern motherboard chip-sets with Intel graphics core also remains available , the distribution now covers almost the entire range of graphics chips sold in large quantities over the past few years – as a result , Fedora 12 will offer KMS on the majority of modern PC systems .
The graphical user interface is provided by X.org 7.5 components – including X Server 1.7.1 with its X Input Extension 2.0 ( XI2 ) support .
Fedora 12 , like the previous version , configures the relatively young " nouveau " open source driver for NVIDIA hardware by default .
This driver has been improved considerably since Fedora 11 .
Unlike the " nv " driver used in many other distributions , it is capable of accelerating 2D video with current GeForce chips .
Nouveau is also capable of multi-display operation , which can be configured using programs like X RandR or gnome - display - properties .
Like the drivers Fedora configures automatically for AMD and Intel GPUs , nouveau supports RandR .
Prep work Initially the most important components of Fedora 11 , which was released last June , were expected to form the basis for Red Hat Enterprise Linux 6 ( RHEL6 ) , which is scheduled to be released next year .
Since the Red Hat distribution for corporate customers has n't even become available as public betas yet , it now seems likely that at least some small , or possibly even large parts of Fedora 12 will be incorporated into the sixth series of RHEL .
However , the version of nouveau included in Fedora 12 does not offer any 3D support .
It does , however , reportedly support waking up from system sleep states like suspend - to - RAM ( ACPI S3 ) .
The nv driver does n't offer this functionality , causing many users to switch to NVIDIA 's proprietary driver to utilise this power saving mode in the past .
3D for new Radeon hardware
Included in Linux 2.6.32 , the changes responsible for the support of KMS in recent Radeon GPUs make 3D acceleration possible in Radeon 's series 2000 , 3000 and 4000 graphics hardware .
However , Like the Mesa driver , which is based on it , the developers still classify this code as experimental .
The 3D support for recent Radeon GPUs is , therefore , disabled in the standard installation , but can be activated simply by installing the " mesa - dri- drivers - experimental " package .
In a short test on a system with 790GX graphics ( Radeon HD 3300 ) , Compiz worked just as smoothly as the Extreme Tux Racer game .
The current versions of NVIDIA 's proprietary Linux graphics drivers work with Fedora 12 , provided KMS and some of the protective SELinux mechanisms have been disabled .
Other well - known proprietary Linux graphics drivers like AMD 's previous and current versions of Catalyst and the oldest version of the legacy drivers for old GeForce graphics cards are not functional because they do n't cooperate with the series 1.7 X Server released in early October .
Similar difficulties also occurred when other Fedora versions were introduced , because the graphics card vendors usually need several weeks or even months until the drivers cooperate with the latest kernel and X.org – particularly AMD is often several months behind .
Occasionally , GPU vendors do n't adjust their drivers for new versions at all , or quietly discontinue the maintenance of their drivers , which will sooner or later also affect the users of other current distributions .
The Fedora developers have reportedly also improved the distribution 's monitor control via DisplayPort .
If several monitors are connected to a system , Constantine will automatically configure them as an extended desktop rather than for mirror operation .
Having , with Fedora 10 , introduced numerous webcam improvements that have since also been included in other distributions , the Fedora developers have continued to improve this area in Fedora 12 , for instance expanding libv4l to include white balancing , gamma correction and a white list with information about camera mounting directions .
Constantine also offers several improved or newly written webcam drivers that have already been , or are about to be , included in the official Linux kernel – including two drivers for various models in Logitech 's QuickCam series .
Next : Desktop and Kernel
1 2 3 4 next »
Print Version | Permalink : http://h-online.com/-863832
Some of these stories are part of a monthly subscription package .
Some , where the free preview sucks me in , cost a few pennies billed to my account .
Others are available at no charge , paid for by advertising .
But these ads are not static pitches for products I 'd never use .
Like the news I am reading , the ads are tailored just for me .
Advertisers are willing to shell out a lot of money for this targeting .
This is a long way from where we are today .
The current technology — in this case the distinguished newspaper you are now reading — may be relatively old , but it is a model of simplicity and speed compared with the online news experience today .
I can flip through pages much faster in the physical edition of the Journal than I can on the Web .
And every time I return to a site , I am treated as a stranger .
A man who says he spent two decades collecting ecstasy pills of all colours and shapes as a hobby has turned to police for help after they were stolen - because he says some of them are poisonous .
Police say the 46 - year - old man , who was not identified , decided to report the theft despite the illegal nature of the collection because he was worried about the possible consequences if anybody swallowed one of the poisoned pills .
It was not immediately clear why about 40 red-and - white pills out of the 2400 - pill - strong collection would be poisoned , but the police say they fear the drugs could be lethal if swallowed .
" That 's really the main reason he came to the police , " police spokeswoman Esther Naber said on Thursday , adding the man " knows he 's not going to get his collection back " .
A report in daily on the same day said the man claimed he was not a drug dealer or user .
President Obama gave an interview to Fox News correspondent Major Garrett in China on Wednesday , signaling what may be the end of a White House feud with the cable news channel .
Obama administration critics have said Fox News is n't a true news outlet but a bullhorn for right - wing opinion .
But the Center for Media and Public Affairs , a watchdog with conservative funding , says Fox 's evening news is more balanced than CBS , NBC , and ABC .
Is Fox 's news coverage hopelessly biased , or is it more even - handed than its critics say ?
( Watch MSNBC's Rachel Maddow lash out at Fox News )
Fox offers balance .
The others are Obama shills :
It 's true that Fox News gives President Obama " his worst press , " says Center for Media and Public Affairs director and former Fox News contributor S. Robert Lichter in Forbes , but it 's also the most balanced .
Sounds contradictory , but it 's not .
During the campaign , CBS , NBC , and ABC were are all " pro-Obama " and anti-McCain , while Fox News was " was tough on both - - and most balanced overall . "
" Fox News : Fair And Balanced ? "
Take that with a grain of salt : The Center for Media and Public Affairs is " a right wing front group , " says the Village Voice 's Roy Edroso in his Alicublog , which is something to remember when pondering its conclusions .
And how can ABC , NBC , and CBS be Obama lapdogs if , as S. Robert Lichter points out , they have been nearly as critical of the president since he took office as Fox 's evening news ?
" Shorter S. Robert Lichter "
Leftists are in denial :
The howling from the left is predictable , says Tom Blumer in News Busters .
And dismissing the CMPA as " conservatively biased ( because SourceWatch says so ) " is no argument — but it's all liberals can do because the group 's scorekeeping methodology " appears to be relatively immune from partisan slant . "
Fox News critics could watch the footage themselves to " poke holes " in the CMPA 's conclusion that Fox News really is " fair and balanced , " but " they wo n't ; whining is so much easier . "
" Leftist blood - curdling scream alert : CMPA reports that Fox IS fair and balanced "
Fox cheerleaders are the ones in denial : Fox News has repeatedly made a mockery of its claim that it's " fair and balanced , " says Christine Schwen in Media Matters for America .
Even Fox
News senior vice president Bill Shine has said the channel is the " voice of opposition " to the Obama White House .
So Fox News personalities and cheerleaders can drop the front — the secret is out .
" News Corp. agrees : Fox News is ' conservative ' "
........................................
SEE THE WEEK'S LATEST COVERAGE OF FOX NEWS :
• Did Fox News vanquish Anita Dunn ?
• A White House truce with Fox News
• Obama 's war with Fox News
Auto industry 's TARP expenses Company Allocated Spent GM $ 49.5 $ 35.8 Chrysler $ 12.5 $ 10.5 GMAC $ 13.4 $ 13.4 Chrysler Financial $ 1.5 $ 0 Source : SigTARP , Figures in billions of dollars Quick Vote Which type of investments will you focus on in 2010 ?
U.S. stocks
Emerging markets
Bonds
Commodities
I�m sticking with old - fashioned bank accounts or View results
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
The U.S. auto industry has spent nearly 78 % of the taxpayer funds lent to it by the Treasury Department through the Troubled Asset Relief Fund , according to a report released Thursday by a bailout overseer .
Neil Barofsky , special inspector general for the $ 700 billion TARP program said in his report that General Motors , Chrysler , GMAC and Chrysler Financial have spent $ 59.7 billion of the $ 76.9 billion that they received .
The vast majority of the spending was used to cover day - to - day operating expenses .
GMAC and Chrysler Financial used the funds primarily to beef up their capital reserves so they could initiate more auto loans .
The report is the latest glimpse into how bailed out companies have used their TARP funds , and the first time taxpayers have seen how automakers have opted to spend their bailout money .
It follows a similar report released by SigTARP in August that provided information from bailed out banks .
Previously , Treasury did not require companies that received TARP money to show how they were using it , claiming that it was not possible to show on a bank - by - bank basis .
But Barofsky said Treasury opted to reverse that position following Thursday 's report , given Barofsky 's demonstration that recipients could track their own TARP funds .
" [ Treasury 's ] adoption of this recommendation is a significant step forward in providing the American taxpayers with the transparency they deserve on how their money is being used , " Barofsky said in the report .
In addition to day - to - day expenses , GM said it spent $ 2.8 billion to resolve parts supplier Delphi 's bankruptcy and $ 1 billion to wind down the parts of its business that remain in bankruptcy .
Chrysler has used all of the funds that it has spent on operating costs .
GMAC used its entire allocation to grow its capital reserves , and it said the TARP funds helped it grow its loan originations from $ 1 billion in the fourth quarter of 2008 to $ 4.5 billion in the second quarter of 2009 .
Chrysler Financial , which was absorbed by GMAC , paid back its TARP funds in full .
It had used the funds to initiate 85,000 new auto loans .
Bitit fournit un moyen rapide et sûr d’acheter et de vendre des cryptomonnaies en ligne avec des devises locales .
Elle prend en charge plus de dix monnaies fiduciaires , ce qui est pas mal pour apprendre à devenir trader .
Elle propose …
Continue Reading →
The blog also known as Spillway
Home » Oceanography » Who Owns the Arctic Ocean ?
Who Owns the Arctic Ocean ?
Article by : Hobart M. King , PhD , RPG
An Energy and Mineral Resource Treasure Who owns the Arctic Ocean and any resources that might be found beneath those waters ?
This question has enormous economic significance .
The United States Geological Survey estimates that up to 25 % of the world 's remaining oil and natural gas resource might be held within the seafloor of the Arctic Region .
Significant quantities of other mineral resources might also be present .
Control of Arctic resources is an extremely valuable prize .
These resources become more accessible as global warming melts the sea ice and opens the region to commercial navigation .
Advertisement
Arctic Seafloor Seismic Data Freedom of the Seas Since the seventeenth century a " freedom of the seas " doctrine was accepted by most nations .
This doctrine limited a nation 's rights and jurisdiction to the narrow area of sea along the nation 's coastline .
The remainder of the ocean was considered as common property that could be used by anyone .
This was before anyone had the ability to exploit offshore resources .
Then in the mid-1900s , concerns that long - distance fishing fleets were depleting coastal fish stocks triggered a desire in some nations to have greater control over their coastal waters .
Then oil companies became capable of drilling in deep water , and ideas for the seabed mining of manganese nodules , diamonds , and tin-bearing sands started to seem possible .
Any nation that claimed a greater distance from shore also made claim to valuable seafloor resources .
Advertisement
Arctic Ocean Political Map Unilateral Claims
In 1945 , the United States announced that it assumed jurisdiction of all natural resources out to the edge of its continental shelf .
This was the first nation to depart from the freedom of the seas doctrine , and other nations quickly followed .
Nations began making unilateral claims to seafloor resources , fishing grounds , and exclusive navigable zones .
Arctic Ocean Bathymetric Map A New " Law of the Sea " The United Nations sought to bring order and equity to the diversity of claims being made by nations around the world .
In 1982 a United Nations treaty known as " The Law of the Sea " was presented .
It addressed navigational rights , territorial waters limits , exclusive economic zones , fishing , pollution , drilling , mining , conservation and many other aspects of maritime activity .
With over 150 nations participating , it was the first attempt by the international community to establish a formal agreement on how the seas can be used .
It also proposes a logical allocation of ocean resources .
Arctic Oil and Natural Gas Provinces Map Exclusive Economic Zones Under the Law of the Sea , each country receives exclusive economic rights to any natural resource that is present on or beneath the sea floor out to a distance of 200 nautical miles ( 230 miles / 371 kilometers ) beyond their natural shorelines .
In the Arctic , this gives Canada , the United States , Russia , Norway and Denmark a legal claim to extensive sea floor areas that might contain valuable resources .
( As of April 2012 , the United States had not yet ratified the Law of the Sea treaty .
Those who have opposed ratification say that it would limit United States sovereignty ) .
The International Boundaries Research Unit at Durham University has prepared a map showing the potential maritime jurisdiction and boundaries of the Arctic region if the Law of the Sea treaty is put fully into effect .
Arctic Sea Ice Continental Shelf Areas
In addition to the 200 nautical mile economic zone , each country can extend its claim up to 350 nautical miles from its shoreline for those areas that can be proven to be an extension of that country 's continental shelf .
To make this claim , a nation must acquire geological data that documents the geographic extent of its continental shelf and submit it to a United Nations committee for consideration .
Most countries with a potential claim to the Arctic are currently mapping the seafloor to document their claim .
Arctic Ocean References [ 1 ]
Oil and Natural Gas Resources of the Arctic : Geology.com , website article , 2011 .
[ 2 ] Arctic Ocean Sea Ice Minimum : NASA Earth Observatory , website article and images , September 2012 .
[ 3 ] Arctic Ocean : The World Factbook , Central Intelligence Agency , website article and map .
Last accessed January 2017 .
[ 4 ]
International Bathymetric Chart of the Arctic Ocean : Produced by investigators representing the Intergovernmental Oceanographic Commission ( IOC ) , the International Arctic Science Committee ( IASC ) , the International Hydrographic Organization ( IHO ) , the US Office of Naval Research ( ONR ) , and the US National Geophysical Data Center ( NGDC ) .
Map accessed April 2012 .
[ 5 ] The United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea : United Nations Division for Ocean Affairs and the Law of the Sea .
December 1982 .
[ 6 ]
Maritime Jurisdiction and Boundaries in the Arctic Region : International Boundaries Research Unit , map and notes published by Durham University , December 2011 .
Who Owns the Lomonosov Ridge ?
One feature of the Arctic Ocean that is of special note is the Lomonosov Ridge , an underwater ridge that crosses the Arctic Ocean between the New Siberian Islands and Ellesmere Island .
Russia is trying to document that the Lomonosov Ridge is an extension of the Asian continental shelf , while Canada and Denmark ( in regards to Greenland ) are trying to document that it is an extension of the North American continental shelf .
Any country that can successfully establish such a claim will gain control of a vast amount of seafloor resources in the central portion of the Arctic Ocean .
Looking Forward
In the future , as sea levels rise , current shorelines will migrate inland and the 200 nautical mile economic zone will move inland with them .
In areas with gently sloping coastal land , this landward advance of the sea could be a significant distance .
Perhaps those nations should exploit their most seaward resources first ?
In summary , the Law of the Sea Treaty grants significant undersea portions of the Arctic to Canada , the United States , Russia , Norway and Denmark .
These nations gain claim to the natural resources on , above and beneath the ocean floor up to 200 miles from their shoreline .
They can also extend their claim up to 350 miles from shore for any area that is proven to be a part of their continental shelf .
All of these nations have gained significant oil and natural gas resources as a result of this treaty .
This past weekend I set out explore some of the extension capabilities of Google Wave .
One of the weaknesses that have been identified by many is the lack of integration with email .
For me , in particular , because Wave is new , many Waves are being orphaned as those playing and testing out Wave do n’t come back to the conversation for long periods , if at all .
My goal was to use email as a means to bring people back to the Wave and keep the collaboration / discussion going in a single environment .
Some developers are exploring letting users contribute from email , but in my opinion , that undermines the goal of Wave .
First , Kudos to Google for making it easy and straightforward to get a development environment ramped up quickly for developing extensions .
Robots are based on their Google App Engine architecture , which allows users to leverage their Eclipse plug - in for App Engine development .
For anyone that has ever developed a servlet - based application , the plug - in for packaging and deployment in the App Engine environment made the entire process quick and easy .
Of course for fun , I had to set up an Ubuntu instance in my virtual machine environment to do this development .
After getting my environment configured , I downloaded a Java - based Robot sample that is the equivalent of “ Hello World ! ” for Google Wave Robots just to ensure that I could compile and deploy .
There was very little effort to make this work and test .
Of course , not having a sandbox account yet meant that I had to use production
Wave environment , so there ’s now a lot of orphaned waves that I used for my tests .
With my application harness up and running , it was time to dive into the documentation and play .
In my initial design I was planning on using the Wave itself as a storage mechanism for the subscription registrations , but as I learned , there is no guarantee that a Robot will have access to all Blips — the unit of data within a Wavelet — within a Wave .
However , to learn that took a lot of review of the Wave data structures and data received from the Wave server based on the events I was processing .
At first , I used the Wave itself to produce the artifacts for review since I was having issues getting my debug statements to appear in the application log .
This was not a good idea as the Wave environment could n’t handle the mass number of Blips being added at the speed the Robot was adding them .
So , I had to aggregate the data and then put it all into one Blip .
Making use of this data was also interesting since my formatting commands were being ignored .
I finally figured out n works in a text blip for a newline , but never got the markup content to be produced properly .
All of the above could have been avoided if Google simply documented examples of what the input to the Robot would look like and described the structure of the data received .
There ’s still a major structure of the Wave content I still have n’t fully grok ’d regarding annotations and elements .
Since this is mostly for visual support , and I was focused on a non-visual tool , it got back - burnered for another day .
Once I understood that I could not rely on having access to all Blips in the Wave at all times , I realized I was going to have to establish some persistence of data .
App Engine ’s Data Nucleus Java persistence is excellent for this type of requirement .
With little effort , I was able to create a mechanism that could store and retrieve a list of Java objects without having to use JDBC or proprietary persistence APIs .
The other service that App Engine offers that I needed was email support via JavaMail .
In the future , I will also try their XMPP service for Google Talk subscriptions .
After 2.5 days of effort , the outcome was highly successful .
The command - line Robot that I called Checkwave is now published and available for anyone to include in their Wave .
It support subscribe , unsubscribe and list functions .
When you update a Wave all subscribed participants receive and email with text content of the Blip that was added and it includes a hyperlink that brings you back into the Google Wave environment with that Wave on screen .
A more technical description of the Robot can be viewed at http://checkwave.appspot.com.
Having developed a secure instant messaging platform at Ikimbo back in 2001 that allowed for robots and in - context replies , I am a big fan of these features in Wave .
IM is great , but a conversation among multiple participants can become unwieldy to follow .
The ability to explicitly address a prior message in context is a huge advantage over traditional IM systems .
Moreover , the ability to facilitate this communication asynchronously is another major plus .
Getting people to use a new tool , however , is a very difficult task .
For me Checkwave was a critical tool to assist me in bringing people back to the Wave .
All in all , working with Wave was a pleasant experience and I look forward to seeing where Google takes this platform .
Some additional notes that people may find useful regarding Google Wave robots :
1. Multiple robots in the same Wave can have unintended consequences .
When Cartoony and Checkwave existed in the same Wave , Cartoony would turn my text to graphics before Checkwave had an opportunity to read it , hence , it broke the command - line capabilities .
2 . As the owner of information now entrusted to me by those using Checkwave , I realize that I must protect this data , but it also made me aware that any Robot you add has access to everything that occurs on that Wave .
So , you need to be careful which Robots you add to your Waves as you are providing implicit trust of any data provided through that Wave .
Councilmember Licata wants more speed traps to boost revenue
According to this Seattle Times article , Seattle Councilmember Nick Licata wants to increase use of automated " speed vans " and red - light cameras to increase revenue from traffic tickets .
Traffic control devices or enforcement practices should be about promoting safety , not increasing revenue .
Available data indicates that short yellow lights contribute to red light violations , and that traffic safety increases by simply increasing the timing of yellow lights .
Of course if revenue enhancement , rather than safety , is your goal , short yellow lights are what you want .
Which is why several cities were caught shortening yellow light times just to raise ticket revenue .
This article in The Atlantic , argues that America would do better to follow the British system , which is generally safer than ours , relying less on extensive signals and regulations , and more on driver attention , caution and judgment .
The reason is that drivers can pay attention to only so much :
Economists and ecologists sometimes speak of the " tragedy of the commons " -- the way rational individual actions can collectively reduce the common good when resources are limited .
. . .
But what is the limited resource , the commons , in the case of driving ?
It 's attention .
Attending to a sign competes with attending to the road .
The more you look for signs , for police , and at your speedometer , the less attentive you will be to traffic conditions .
Why are n’t more municipal bonds being downgraded by the ratings agencies Fitch , Moody ’s and S&P ?
If you look at sovereign debt in revenue - constrained countries like Greece , Portugal or Ireland , the ratings agencies are issuing warnings .
But , states and municipalities are suffering from the same revenue constraints .
Tax revenues have plunged .
Governments have shut down services to save cash .
And they have cut staff .
There are dozens of articles in the national press daily detailing the difficulties municipalities , cities and states are having .
You would n’t know that if you looked at the charts of some of the major municipal bond funds .
Take a look at Nuveen Municipal Value Fund ( NUV ) for example .
It bottomed in December last year .
Now , 11 months later it is up 31 % .
How about BlackRock ’s MuniHoldings Insured Investment Fund ( MFL ) .
It bottomed in December as well .
But is up over 70 % since then .
Pretty nice return .
But , I do n’t think it can last .
California ’s summer struggles made it is the poster child of the distress in the finances of US states and municipalities .
But , there are many states , cities and municipalities on the brink .
That ’s why I found the excerpt from the post “ The Coming Collapse of the Municipal Bond Market ” at Phillip Greenspun ’s blog over at Harvard Law School interesting .
Note the highlighted sections
A money manager friend showed me an interesting research report by Frederick J. Sheehan titled “ Dark Vision : The Coming Collapse of the Municipal Bond Market .
This is a product of weedenco.com and available only to subscribers , but I will summarize it here .
Sheehan starts off by noting that a lack of panic by the ratings and government agencies does not indicate health for a financial market .
He cites the fact that the Fed did not anticipate how bad the subprime collapse was likely to be and obviously the Moody ’s and Standard and Poor ’s ratings were ridiculous .
Sheehan notes that “ spending is rising and revenue is collapsing ” for all levels of government .
Pension fund losses will require governments to double their contributions to pension plans ( see my blog posting on public employee pensions ) .
Spending is rising , e.g. , in New York City from an average of $ 65,401 in compensation per public employee in 2000 to $ 106,743 in 2009 .
The number of full - time employees in NYC grew as well , despite falling school enrollment .
The number of state and local government workers grew from 4 million in 1955 to 20 million in 2008 ( 5 x growth , against less than 2X growth in U.S. population ) .
Those workers receive an average of 43 percent more pay and benefits than a private sector worker .
Municipalities dealt with the separation between taxes and expenses by borrowing .
In the mid-1990s , states and cities were retiring as much debt as they were incurring .
During the 2000s , though , they borrowed about $ 150 billion per year in aggregate , peaking at $ 215 billion in 2007 by which time $ 2.7 trillion in debt was outstanding , more than two years ’ worth of tax receipts .
Barring some sort of miraculous boom in the economy and pension fund investment returns , state and local governments are headed for insolvency and default .
This means that valuing a municipal bond becomes a matter for a legal expert rather than an accountant .
Even for the legal expert , it is apparently tough to predict what will happen .
Let ’s start with the Wikipedia article on Chapter 9 bankruptcy : “ Previous to the creation of Chapter 9 bankruptcy the only remedy when a municipality was unable to pay its creditors was for the creditors to pursue an action of mandamus , and compel the municipality to raise taxes .
During the Great Depression this approach proved impossible so in 1934 the Bankruptcy Act was amended to extend to municipalities . ”
Without bankruptcy protection , a city that could n’t pay bondholders would be forced to raise taxes until it could .
This happened to West Palm Beach , Florida in the Depression and property tax rates rose to 42.5 percent of assessed value .
Potentially bondholders might demand that the city hand over real estate to satisfy its debts .
With bankruptcy protection , it is unclear what happens .
Vallejo , California went bankrupt 18 months ago and their obligations have not yet been resolved ( story ) .
If courts allow municipalities to walk away from debt they ’ll have every incentive to declare bankruptcy and start afresh .
There are no shareholders in a municipality to wipe out and therefore the only negative consequence of a bankruptcy filing would possibly be having to pay higher interest rates for future borrowing .
If on the other hand , governments are not allowed to walk away from many of their obligations , they will simply run out of cash .
Are bondholders senior to pension obligations or not ?
It may be up to the individual judge .
This is “ uncharted territory for investors ” as my money manager put it ( he does not buy U.S. muni bonds ) .
Municipal bonds are still perceived as almost risk - free by most investors and consequently offer a low yield , according to Sheehan .
He points out that if the municipalities do n’t default , the investor gets only a slightly better return than in Treasuries .
Why take the risk if you ’re not getting paid for it ?
This ends my summary of Sheehan ’s report .
My own opinion is that the main lesson of subprime is that an investor cannot rely on the ratings agencies or the government to protect his or her interests .
The never - employed guy in Cleveland with the house in a crummy neighborhood and no down payment ?
The risk that he would never make a payment should have been apparent to any investor who dug underneath the asset - backed security .
Similarly , an investor in muni bonds can look at the municipality .
Does the state have a shrinking population , high public employee salaries , and a big pension obligation overhang from when the population was larger ?
They probably will eventually default .
And if an insurance company was dumb enough to insure the bonds , they ’ll probably be bankrupt too .
Swapping heads !
Babies that swapped heads with adults !
It gives funny results !
For months the International Institute for Ecological Agriculture ( IIEA ) , along with farm organizations across the country , numerous state and national representatives including Senators Feingold and Harkin , environmental agencies and ethanol producer associations have been advocating for a decision from the Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) on a seemingly minor ruling regarding the amount of allowable alcohol fuel that can be used as a gasoline additive across the country .
The EPA set the current alcohol fuel blend ruling in 1980 as part of its Clean Air Act .
The ruling was a means to help clean up gasoline ’s toxic emissions .
The EPA determined that a 10 percent addition of alcohol fuel would make a significant impact on lowering emissions without interfering with overall fuel performance and on December 1st , 2009 the EPA was to announce whether or not it would permit states to increase the maximum allowable addition of alcohol fuel to gasoline from the current 10 percent Federal guideline to 15 percent nationally .
Unlike other historically noted superfluous governmental agency decisions , such as the United States Department of Agriculture ’s recent elimination of a regulation governing the length of buggy whips , the EPA ’s E15 decision had the potential to open a sluice gate for economic and environmental recovery across the country .
Why is the E15 ruling important ?
Aside from the immediate environmental benefits of reducing hydrocarbon and other notable airborne particulates , by increasing the market demand for alcohol fuel consumption the EPA could enable states to keep millions of fuel dollars in their local economies .
By encouraging localized alcohol fuel and related co-product production communities , counties and states would be able to incentivize the creation of tens of thousands of direct and indirect non-exportable alcohol fuel - related jobs including the building of new cars and other transportation related solutions based on Flex Fuel design technology .
Additionally , because alcohol fuel is less expensive to produce , local communities would be able to reduce the overall cost of fuel to its residents .
With the benefits of a Pro E15 ruling obvious and abundant , on December 1st what the EPA elected to do was nothing .
Rather than step up its directive to protect the nation ’s environmental air quality , the EPA opted to delay its ruling for another six months to June 2010 .
This non-ruling comes at a time when the country needs every logical opportunity to stimulate the private sector market and revitalize rural economies .
Rather than encourage industry and accelerate the clean up of our air and environment , the EPA has applied a brake that is a harbinger of unfathomable economic malaise .
My book , Alcohol Can Be A Gas !
makes it readily apparent that alcohol has , by far been the most studied additive to gasoline since gasoline was first produced .
There are countless studies ( some of which I performed and others I reported in my book ) that demonstrate the benefits of alcohol ’s clean , cool and toxin - free output .
The EPA ’s December 1st non-ruling stands in direct contradiction to its 1980 ’s Clean Air Act decision , that alcohol be added to gasoline to reduce gasoline ’s extremely toxic emissions .
In a number of experiments it has been demonstrated that there is a dramatic reduction in toxic emissions from gasoline directly related to the increased amount of alcohol additive present in the gas .
In my book I have noted a test I performed using E50 ( a blend of 50 percent gasoline to 50 percent alcohol ) .
I was able to clearly demonstrate a 94 % reduction in Nitrous Oxides ( NOx ) , an 83 % reduction in Carbon Monoxide ( CO ) , ( this is the immediately deadly emission of gasoline ) and a 25 % reduction in Hydrocarbons ( HC ) .
I ran all of these tests in a 1987 3 / 4 ton pickup truck ( which should belay the EPA ’s stated concerns that older cars can not safely use alcohol fuel blends higher than E10 ) .
In fact , as is documented in Alcohol Can Be A Gas ! , 100 percent alcohol fuel exhaust is more than 99 % toxin free in all categories .
In mid-1980 tests that astronaut and aerospace engineer , Gordon Cooper and I conducted on jet engines , we were able to demonstrate that the exhaust coming out of an alcohol - powered jet engine was cleaner than the intake of Los Angeles air going into the tested engines .
The test conclusions are obvious : the more alcohol you add to gasoline , the lower the emissions of carbon monoxide , hydrocarbons , and nitrous oxides .
The EPA may ignore my collection of studies , but there is abundant real - world proof readily available from Brazil .
Today 85 % of all cars in Brazil run on 100 % alcohol , that is available at the pump .
The rest of the cars ( predominantly older and non-fuel injected models ) run on 24 percent alcohol and they have done so for decades .
With the wealth of data and proof the EPA has available including the studies from Brazil , one can not help but ask the questions :
“ Why has the EPA opted to delay the adoption of this beneficial and proven fuel standard ? ”
The major oil and gasoline producers purchase an estimated 99 percent of all of the alcohol fuel produced in the U.S. and use that to comply with the current E10 regulations .
By not mandating a step up to E15 use , the EPA leaves an enormous loophole for the main competitor and consumer of alcohol fuel , the major gas producers .
Following the delay decision , oil companies can now refuse to buy more alcohol than is required of them by law , ( even though the alcohol fuel is less expensive to purchase than petroleum octane boosters ) .
This leaves under - funded and fledgling alcohol plants with a few tough choices .
They can accept buy prices that are lower than their cost of production , sit at idle while waiting for a future market upswing or they can shut down .
In 2008 and 2009 , numerous working farmers who had contracts to sell their corn to alcohol plants ( that subsequently went bankrupt due to capped market demand ) lost everything .
In spite of the fact that we had enormous surpluses of U.S. produced corn over the last three years , literally billions of bushels have gone unused and the farmers who were relying on alcohol fuel plant contracts for their incomes were caught in default with nowhere to sell the now unwanted grain .
On Labor Day this year , when 91 - octane premium gas in California was selling at the pump for $ 3.53 a gallon , 105 - octane alcohol was selling for $ 1.71 at Wisconsin pumps .
The EPA ’s reluctance to approve the modest upgrade to 15 percent across the country forces millions of Americans to create their own fuel blends by purchasing E10 or E85 at the certified Flex Fuel stations and then mixing that with gasoline .
Because any fuel - injected engine runs problem free on 50 percent alcohol people all over the U.S. are choosing to save both money and the environment by opting to blend their own fuel .
As a result of the EPA ’s six - month delay , Americans everywhere are witnessing the subtle redirection of our future sustainable energy independence and clean tech economic future to one driven exclusively by big oil and business interests .
In interviews , articles and news releases over the last few months I forecasted that many alcohol plants that have been barely hanging on , waiting for the expected 15 percent blend increase approval on December 1st will soon go belly up .
Next year we can expect the oil companies to spend at least 5 billion dollars ( a mere four percent of their annual profit ) to convince America that we must abandon renewable fuel .
With the big oil producers getting all the Federal and state subsidies , the entire independent fuel production industry faces certain bankruptcy .
The oil companies ( such as Valero that bought up plants from the failed alcohol producer Verasun a few months ago ) will buy the plants out of bankruptcy court at pennies on the dollar and once they own the plants they will no longer have to share any alcohol revenue with U.S. farmers .
The most severe consequence of the EPA ’s non-ruling by far is the loss of the hundreds of thousands of direct and indirect jobs that would be created by the increase to E15 .
That number of jobs would make a huge difference to local economies all across rural America and for our nation as a whole .
At a time when the current administration is extolling the virtues of job creation and bringing work back home , it is catastrophic and beyond logic why the EPA is acting as an end to rather than catalyst for important and beneficial change .
Each December working farmers begin planning the next year ’s crops , figuring out what to grow based on best data for the coming year ’s market demands and taking bank loans to facilitate the season .
With the EPA blocking new demand for corn and grains and with the past year ’s surpluses , planting any additional corn for 2010 would be considered a huge risk .
This impact of the short planting is that corn futures prices may drop but if the E15 ruling finally is approved , the increased demand for corn will help create a shortage for which the market and big oil companies will be able to blame the U.S. alcohol fuel producers and working farmers .
America has the ability to lead the global movement to truly renewable energy independence and to stop the use of toxic and finite fossil fuels and the consequences of its related pollution .
President Obama can issue an executive order increasing ethanol provisionally to 15 percent and have the EPA study and approve a new 30 percent alcohol level for unmodified ( non- flex fuel ) vehicles by June 2010 .
Eliminating 30 percent of our gas dependence and use would completely free the U.S. from any Opec imports .
By producing and increasing the market opportunities for alcohol fuel , the U.S. would have true homeland security in the form of abundant food , fuel , energy and jobs needed now and well into our future .
Right now the U.S. economic and energy independence future hinges on a single ruling to permit the addition 5 percent alcohol fuel to our current gasoline blend .
The EPA ’s decision to support the use of E15 would be an important step beyond a single set of antiquated regulations governing air quality and moving us toward localized economic prosperity and the development of a truly sustainable energy model .
David Blume is the executive director of the International Institute for Ecological Agriculture , ( I.I.E.A. ) .
He is a globally renowned permaculture and alcohol fuel expert and is author of the Amazon best - selling book Alcohol Can Be A Gas ( www.alcoholcanbeagas.com).
Mr. Blume is a leading advocate for alcohol fuel and the role of the American farmer in developing a truly sustainable energy and food policy for the post - oil era .
A recording of the Cartwrights having sex was played in court A court was played a 10 minute recording of a Wearside couple whose nightly sex sessions were said to have ruined the lives of neighbours .
Caroline and Steve Cartwright 's love making was described as " murder " and " unnatural " at Newcastle Crown Court .
Mrs Cartwright , 48 , from Washington , is appealing against a conviction for breaching a noise abatement notice against the couple .
A judge and two magistrates adjourned the hearing until Tuesday .
Mrs Cartwright is using Article 8 of the Human Rights
Act to argue she has a right to " respect for her private and family life " .
' Considerable pain '
Next door neighbour Rachel O'Connor told the court she was frequently late for work because she overslept having been awake most of the night because of the noise .
She said : " It is not very pleasant living there and it has been quite stressful .
Rachel O'Connor said the sex sessions sounded " unnatural " " The noise sounds like they are both in considerable pain .
I cannot describe the noise .
I have never ever heard anything like it . "
Specialist equipment installed in Miss O'Connor 's flat by Sunderland City Council recorded noise levels of between 30 to 40 decibels , with the highest being 47 decibels .
Giving evidence , unemployed Mrs Cartwright said she was unable to control the noise she made during sex .
She said : " After I got the Noise Abatement Notice I tried to control it .
I even tried to use a pillow ( over her face ) to try and lessen the noise .
" I did not understand why people asked me to be quiet because to me it is normal .
I did n't understand where they were coming from . "
The case continues .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Friday , 11 December , 2009 - 16:28
When LSD was synthesized in 1943 , many scientists and academics advocated it ’s therapeutic and healing properties .
When the infamous Dr. Timothy Leary started experimenting with LSD and getting off his pickle in the 1960 ’s , it perhaps defined the way we think of - and fear - the drug today .
Amid rising stigmatization and upon being declared as an illegal substance , many Universities ( such as Harvard ) were forced to abandon studies of the drug years ago .
But not anymore ...
Leary became such a cultural icon that his Wikipedia entry even puts 60s legends like Forrest Gump to shame .
President Richard Nixon reportedly called him “ the most dangerous man in America . ”
His campaign slogan " Come together , join the party " is rumoured to have inspired John Lennon to write " Come Together . ”
He was photographed at Lennon and Yoko ’s bed - in when “ Give Peace a Chance ” was recorded .
He is said to have spent time locked in a prison cell adjacent to Charles Manson .
He was friends with the notorious Watergate burglar , appeared in an early Johnny Depp movie , and is Winona Ryder ’s godfather .
Yet as succinctly argued by Owsley Stanley , “ Leary was a fool .
Drunk with ' celebrity - hood ' and his own ego , he became a media clown - and was arguably the single most damaging actor involved in the destruction of the evanescent social movement of the ' 60's .
Tim , with his very public exhortations to the kids to ' tune in , turn on and drop out , ' is the inspiration for all the current draconian US drug laws against psychedelics . ”
Despite ideas that Leary ’s far - out image and methods hurt the scientific advancement and acceptance of LSD , today the drug is apparently , “ experiencing a renaissance in research interest after decades of stigmatization from the medical and scientific communities . ”
The Food and Drug Administration of the U.S.A. has recently approved research involving LSD in order to treat “ end - of - life anxiety ” for people experiencing terminal illnesses .
Ironically , upon realization that he was dying of an incurable cancer , Leary also “ treated ” himself with LSD while recording the process of his death in order to provide new insights into death and dying …
However he also “ treated ” himself with nitrous oxide , cigarettes , signature " Leary Biscuits " ( crackers with cheese and a small marijuana bud , briefly microwaved ) , heroin and morphine .
Currently , the Harvard McLean Hospital is researching the affects of LSD on the brain in regard to headaches .
( “ Get brain surgery or take a tab of LSD ? ” )
Despite the difficulties involved with obtaining permission and resources needed to study this drug , the ball is undeniably rolling once again , as highlighted in the San Francisco Chronicle article , “ LSD ’s Long , Strange Trip Back into the Lab . ”
So what does this mean for science , medicine , hippies , and rebels ?
At this stage , no one really knows .
Due to it ’s illegalization , LSD has been around for a long time without anyone really knowing anything about it .
But take some words of wisdom from scientist Stanislav Grof , who was one of the last scientists to abandon hallucinogenic research in the 1970’s : " I thought psychiatry and psychology really lost a major opportunity because of the abuse that happened with unsupervised research .
These are fascinating substances - and they 're very , very powerful , so they should be used with great precaution . "
Scientists have discovered an aggression - promoting pheromone , specific chemicals used by a particular species to communicate and to control their behavior , in flies .
The study , published in Nature , also identified the neurons in the fly 's antenna that detect this pheromone and relay the information to the brain to elicit aggression .
According to biologists from the California Institute of Technology ( Caltech ) , the findings could help unravel the mystery of how aggression is hardwired into the brain by an animal 's genes .
Study coauthor David Anderson , Caltech 's Seymour Benzer Professor of Biology and a Howard Hughes Medical Institute investigator , said : " Obtaining such proof required the ability to experimentally interfere with the insects ' capacity to sense the pheromone .
" And that , in turn , necessitated identification of the receptor molecules that detect aggression pheromones , and of the olfactory sensory neurons that express these receptors . "
Liming Wang , a graduate student in Anderson 's lab and the Nature paper 's first author , pointed out that the only insect in which these conditions could be met was the vinegar fly , Drosophila melanogaster .
The boffins looked at the effect donor flies had on the aggressiveness of a pair of " tester " male flies placed on top of a cage .
Anderson said : " Remarkably , the presence of the caged donor flies strongly increased aggression between the tester flies , and this aggression - promoting effect increased with a higher number of donor male flies . "
Wang added : " These experiments suggested that the presence of high densities of male flies in a local environment can indeed promote aggression through their release of cVA and its detection by other flies . "
Surprisingly , says Anderson , the flies with the hyperactive neurons quickly dispersed , leaving the food resource behind .
" They fought one another until a dominant fly became ' king of the hill ' and drove the other flies away , " he explains .
" In contrast , " Anderson adds , " flies whose genes were n't manipulated in this way ate happily together , like cows grazing placidly on an alpine meadow . "
8.32 am : It would be nice to think ministers made policy decisions on the basis of sound scientific evidence , but the government is n't renowned for listening to expert advice it does n't agree with .
Nor does it have a great track record on collecting proper evidence .
The Commons Science and Technology Committee has decided to investigate the scientific evidence that underpins the government 's existing policies .
Today they are looking into homeopathy .
They have taken written evidence already , and received the inevitable admission from the Department of Health that the regulation of homeopathy has no scientific basis .
Now it 's time to hear the oral evidence and this morning 's session could be a corker .
Between 9.30 am and 11.30 am the committee will quiz alternative therapists , scientists and doctors to find out what they all make of homeopathy .
The government funds several NHS homeopathy hospitals , which have spent around £ 12 m on homeopathic treatments over the past three years .
You can watch the webcast session in full here .
Below is a list of today 's cast of players .
Let us know what you make of it all .
9.30 am Professor Jayne Lawrence , chief scientific adviser , Royal Pharmaceutical Society of Great Britain
Robert Wilson , chairman of the British Association of Homeopathic
Manufacturers , and Nelsons , a homeopathy company
Paul Bennett , professional standards director , Boots the chemist
Tracey Brown , managing director , Sense About Science
Dr Ben Goldacre , journalist , The Guardian
10.30 am Dr Peter Fisher , director of research , Royal London Homeopathic Hospital
Professor Edzard Ernst , director , Complementary Medicine Group , Peninsula Medical School
Dr James Thallon , medical director , NHS West Kent
Dr Robert Mathie , research development adviser , British Homeopathic
Association
9.07 am : The session is due to kick off at half past the hour .
We should be in for an interesting discussion today .
A few of these folks have taken pot shots at each other in the past .
We 've got Paul Bennett from Boots , the high street chemist , which was slated by Edzard Ernst for pushing homeopathic remedies .
Here 's a quote from a recent Guardian piece :
The population at large trusts Boots more than any other pharmacy , but when you look behind the smokescreen , when it comes to alternative medicines , that trust is not justified .
You can buy a lot of rubbish , with covert advertising stating things that are overtly wrong .
People are spending their money on stuff that does n't work ...
Boots seems to be fast becoming the biggest seller of quack remedies in UK high streets .
9.12 am : Ben Goldacre 's also giving evidence , at the same time as Robert Wilson , who runs a homeopathic medicines company .
I hope the committee finds out how much money is made selling homeopathy .
It 'd be an interesting figure to have .
The NHS has spent £ 12 m in three years on it .
That 's an awful lot of water .
9.14 am : James Thallon – who 's giving evidence in the second session ( from 10.30 am ) – recently cut his PCT 's [ primary care trust 's ] funding for homeopathy , stating that the money was better spent on drugs that , erm , worked a bit better .
9.16 am : Robert Mathie of the British Homeopathic Association added a plug for the BHA on the NHS homeopathy page .
He urged anyone who was likely to buy homeopathic substancecs to go to the BHA for advice first .
9.18 am : You can watch the evidence session here and here .
9.23am : It 's fair to say that , by and large , the science committee are n't the greatest fans of homeopathy .
They piled into Professor John Beddington , the chief scientist , earlier this year for defending the government 's stance on homeopathy .
9.28 am : Robert Wilson is also on the board of the European Coalition on Homeopathic and Anthroposophic Medicinal Products .
Yes , anthroposophic medicinal products .
According to the ever- reliable oracle that is Wikipedia , anthroposophical medicine is salutogenetic .
Marvellous .
I 've not seen so many big words since graduating .
9.31 am : Fingers crossed this wo n't degrade into mumbo jumbo and name calling .
I 'll be interested to hear if any of the homeopaths embrace the idea that the value of their service is to optimise the placebo effect .
9.35 am : It 'll be interesting to see how many Tories show up .
Usually only one or two arrive for the science and tech committee .
Mostly it 's Lib Dems and Lab .
Looks like a full house .
9.35 am : Phil Willis is kicking things off .
Looking to see " whether there is evidence to support government policy . "
9.37 am : First off – question to Paul Bennett : " You sell them .
Do they work ? "
Paul : " There 's consumer demand .
" I have no evidence to suggest they are efficacious . "
Great opening .
" It 's about consumer choice and a large number of our consumers think they are efficacious . "
9.38 am : Robert Wilson says it 's an old business and popular in France .
Phil Willis : " So is prostitution . "
9.40 am : Wilson says he believes homeopathy works beyond the placebo effect .
Wilson 's comment : " If they did n't work beyond the placebo effect , why do people keep buying them ? "
Willis : " That was n't a serious comment was it ? ! "
Willis quizzing Wilson - if you have evidence that it works , why do n't you give it to Boots .
Boots just admitted they have no evidence that the stuff works .
9.40 am : Next , Jayne Lawrence : " We 've reviewed all the scientific evidence and we do n't think there 's any evidence for them working . "
9.41 am : " There 's no scientific basis for their being effective , " says Lawrence
9.42 am : Next , Ben Goldacre : " Placebo effect is very powerful . "
I 've never seen that man wearing a tie before .
Never .
9.43 am : Goldacre :
Thinks homeopathy " culturally " harmful .
Undermines credibility of MHRA [ Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency ] , pharmacists etc .
9.43 am : Goldacre : " I do n't believe sugar pills are physically harmful to people . "
Tracey Brown is talking about people taking sugar pills and thinking they 're getting good treatment when they 're not .
9.45 am : Willis asks " should we sell nothing if it 's got no scientific evidence ? "
Good to see some balance .
Brown : " When it has official endorsement , such as a licence , then we have a problem . "
Our drugs regulator , the MHRA , licenses homeopathic medicines .
9.47 am : Wilson :
The homeopathic community is extremely pro-research .
9.52 am : Evan Harris , LibDem MP , comes in :
" Is the best way to consider the evidence for homeopathy to consider systematic reviews ? "
Robert Wilson criticises studies in general .
Harris gives up on that line .
Harris asks Bennett if he has any qualms about selling products that do n't have any benefit .
Paul Bennett : " At the root of this , is [ that ] there are regulated products that are safe .
It 's important we can support our consumers who believe they are efficacious .
To deny someone access ... would be wrong to do . "
9.53 am : Harris is pushing Bennett on the ethics of selling treatments that are ineffective beyond placebo .
Bennet ( Boots ) : " Our key requirement here is for greater clinical evidence . "
9.54 am : Bennett says homeopathic substances contain the disclaimer : " without approved therapeutic indications "
9.56 am : Paul Bennett ( Boots ) : " We rely very heavily on the regulatory process to indicate which products are approved and safe for sale . "
9.59 am : Robert Wilson ( Nelsons homeopathic products ) says the European market for homeopathy is £ 1.5 bn .
Iddon : " Why should the MHRA have an interest in supporting the homeopathy industry ? "
Brown ( Sense about Science ) : EC directive allows nations to bring in their own rules .
10.03 am : Brian Iddon MP inquiring about the options government could have taken to regulate homeopathy , given the relevant EC directive .
To Wilson : National rules scheme for homeopathy developed by MHRA .
Iddon asks , has it helped your product list expand ?
Wilson : it took nearly two years to get one product approved by the national rules scheme .
10.06 am : Phil Willis to Ben :
A lot of homeopathic medicine is prescribed in France and they " are n't dying in their droves " .
Why should we worry .
Ben G : " The MHRA endorsing them is extremely problematic . "
" This is a £ 1.5 bn industry that is able to influence the regulator . "
" Sugar pills are being treated ceremonially . "
" I do n't think Wilson could tell the difference between one of his arnica pills and one of his arsenic pills . "
10.11 am : Jayne Lawrence ( Royal Pharmaceutical Society ) : " We 'd contest it 's better for pharmacists to be present when consumers buy homeopathic substances – and consumers should know there 's no evidence that they are effective ( beyond placebo ) . "
Q : " How can you ensure that pharmacies are keeping to your ethics code ? "
Jayne Lawrence :
There 's an inspectorate that goes out and checks .
So far no warnings issued through that route .
One complaint mentioned that came in from the public .
10.16 am : The discussion has turned to whether pharmacists are being trained properly to sell homeopathic treatments .
Brown raises the point that homeopathic anti-malarial prophylactic substances are being sold on the high street without scientific evidence .
Goldacre : " If you ask a pharmacist , including those at Boots , you 'll get a reply that is not in keeping with the evidence . "
He suggests that pharmacists are recommending homeopathic treatment without making it clear there are no active ingredients .
10.25 am : Robert Wilson : " There are a great deal of things within orthodox medicine that people do n't understand . "
Just because you do n't understand the mechanism does n't mean you do n't use them .
Wilson : " Anyone can make an arnica pill .
My business for arnica if £ 5 m in this country . "
Asks , who is going to pay for the research into homeopathy ?
MP's Q : Can you categorically say it does n't work ?
Bennett : " I could not categorically say it does not work . "
Brown : " The placebo effect is very powerful .
People do heal .
You would expect to see people benefit from taking a placebo . "
Goldacre : " There 's no evidence homeopathy pills are better than placebo .
It 's not worth doing more placebo trials , because it would be good money after bad . "
Jayne Lawrence :
It does n't work beyond placebo .
Wilson :
One of our best sellers are teething granules for babies .
[ He 's saying babies do n't experience the placebo effect . ]
10.31 am : MPs Q : How do you determine between a good homeopath and a bad homeopath ?
Brown : " Anybody offering medical advice needs to have medical training . "
MP talking about Niels Bohr and Max Planck [ quantum mechanics ] .
He 's asking if [ homeopathy ] is the same thing - a weird quirk of physics .
That 's hilarious .
Quantum theory came about between 1910 and 1925 and works well enough to make iPhones and so on .
Nonsense .
10.33 am : Robert Wilson : " We just have n't yet understood these highly dilute substances . "
He 's comparing homeopathy to the idea of personalised genetic treatments .
Interesting .
Flawed , but interesting .
10.35 am : Evan Harris MP : Asking what Wilson 's scientific qualifications are .
Wilson : " What interests me are arguments in conventional medicine that resonate with homeopathy .
I have none other [ qualifications ] than an interest . "
" We need to have more research into homeopathy , research that can stand up to some of the criticisms that it faces . "
10.47 am : Next session up :
MP : Is there any evidence that they work ?
Peter Fisher ( Royal London Homeopathic Hospital )
" It is quite clear there 's evidence . "
He can't believe some of the things he 's heard this morning .
Graham Stringer MP : Should treatments offered be based on effectiveness and efficacy ?
Mathie : " Efficacy is judged in placebo - controlled trials ... it 's specific , in terms of drug , dose and schedule .
Efficacy is almost a laboratory experiment to see if a drug can have an effect . "
Peter Fisher ( London homeopathic hospital ) – yes , treatments should be offered on the basis of efficacy and effectiveness .
MP's Question :
What is the tolerance for homeopathic medicine ?
Fisher :
We do find a slightly increased level of adverse events in the active arm vs placebo .
So he 's saying you get more side effects when you give people homeopathic treatments .
That 's an intriguing one .
If homeopathic medicines have nowt in them you would n't get side effects .
That 's why you do n't need to test them properly before selling them .
Ernst :
We looked at all the clinical trials and counted these kinds of side effects .
We found no statistical difference .
The story of homeopathic aggravations may well be a myth .
10.51 am : MP : Should the NHS prescribe placebos ?
James
Thallon :
If you prescribe a drug that you know has no efficacy , I personally think that 's unethical .
James Mathie :
There are a substantial number of homeopathic medicines that contain some molecules and they 're effective beyond placebo .
They 're not all just sugar pills .
Ernst : " If you do it well , an active treament will also trigger a placebo effect . "
Point being that efficacious medicines have an active component , but also trigger the placebo effect .
" It is unethical " ... the NHS should not be spending money on it .
10.53 am : Peter Fisher : " I believe I 'm the only person called today who practises homeopathy .
I practise it because I think it works . "
" I would not use homeopathy for two minutes if I only thought it was a placebo . "
10.55 am : Peter Fisher argues that basic science is starting to show evidence for homeopathy .
Should the money spent on homeopathy be redirected ?
Fisher thinks you get better results for less money with homeopathy .
Ernst : Treatments have to be evidence - based and homeopathy is n't .
11.06 am : Evan Harris MP : How many substances have been withdrawn on the basis of adverse effects , in 200 years of homeopathy ?
Peter Fisher : None .
Ernst : " I have supplied a list of systematic reviews of homeopathy .
There are two dozen .
None in that list were positive . "
James
Thallon cut funding of homeopathy in favour of more effective treatments .
He 's being asked whether other trusts should follow suit .
He says he'd be happy to help them do so .
11.09 am : Evan Harris : " Why do you think the Department of Health is not dealing with this issue ?
Thallon : " Homeopathy goes beyond the debate about science .
There 's something that perpetuates the notion that it is important that goes beyond the scientific debate . "
Harris questioning Peter Fisher on homeopathy .
Peter Fisher submitted evidence on how homeopathy works .
Why has there been no Nobel prize awarded to the people who 've done this work ? "
Fisher : " It may yet happen . "
" People say it challenges the laws of physics , it does n't . "
I bet everything I will ever own in my life that no one ever receives a Nobel prize for work on homeopathy .
11.11 am : Peter Fisher : " You use highly purified water and highly purified ethanol .
It 's not even got sugar in at that stage . "
He 's talking about how homeopathic treatments are made .
You shake the water .
That helps it " remember " what substance is in it .
Harris : " I 'd have thought shaking it would make it more likely to forget . "
Fisher : " You have to vigorously shake it .
You ca n't stir it . "
This is hilarious .
Grown men talking about shaking water to turn it into a medicine .
Come on .
11.12 am : Harris : " Does the MHRA check how much your water 's been shaken ? "
Fisher :
You 'll have to ask them .
This , in the 21st century .
Does our medicines regulator check how much water has been shaken before it can be sold as a medicine ?
How on Earth is this happening .
It 's Dark Ages stuff .
11.20 am : James Thallon : Clinical effectiveness should be an " organising principle " for the NHS .
Agrees there should be an element of choice about what people spend their money on .
Brian Iddon MP : " What if you think you 're putting a patient at risk if their condition is serious ?
Would you refer to a conventional doctor ? "
Ernst : " There are responsible homeopaths who try their best to look after patients , and others that are less well equipped to do that .
There are too many different types of homeopath to generalise . "
Are homeopaths well enough trained to recognise a serious ailment ?
Peter Fisher : " We only admit registered physicians and they 're well equipped .
They are equipped and they would refer on if required . "
Harris :
" You say , you should not give homeopathic antimalarials .
Have you asked manufacturers not to make them ? "
Mathie : " Not explicitly . "
Harris :
" Is there a role of homeopathy in treating AIDS ? "
Fisher : " I 'd never claim to cure it . "
11.22 am : And there we have it .
Boots sells homeopathy despite having no evidence that it works , the homeopaths want more research and think Nobel prizes await because it overturns accepted science , and the scientists themselves think there 's no evidence of it working whatsoever .
A £ 1.5 bn industry nonetheless .
Extraordinary .
Earthquake measuring 7.0 kills 46 in Indonesia and leaves thousands homeless
A powerful earthquake in Indonesia has killed at least 46 people , left dozens missing , and damaged 1,300 homes .
Thousands of people have had to evacuate Indonesia 's main island following the 7.0 magnitude quake , which shook buildings in the capital Jakarta and flattened homes in villages closer to the epicentre in West Java .
An official at the Social Ministry said that so far , 46 people had died , more than 700 houses were badly damaged and about 600 others had suffered moderate damage in the quake .
Villagers look at the ruins of a house after a powerful earthquake shook Indonesia , damaging at least 1,300 homes
The insides of a mosque in Cisaat village , which was badly damaged by the 7.0 quake
However , Priyadi Kardono , an official at the National Disaster Mitigation Agency , warned the death toll could be much higher , as scores of houses and office buildings had collapsed or suffered severe damage , and it was proving difficult to contact some of the affected areas .
' Communications with the coastal areas were completely cut , so we do n't know the conditions there , ' he said .
' No reports have come from those areas , although we assume those were the most affected ones .
It 's possible the death toll could grow higher . '
The health ministry said it was sending medical teams to the affected areas in West Java .
State news agency Antara reported that villagers were clearing away the rubble from collapsed buildings to try to find survivors and bodies .
' Many houses are flattened to the ground , ' said Edi Sapuan in Margamukti village , not far from Tasikmalaya .
' Only the wooden houses remain standing .
Many villagers are injured , covered in blood .
' We ran as soon as the quake hit .
Then five minutes later my house collapsed .'
The quake was felt as far away as Surabaya , Indonesia 's second - largest city , about 300 miles northeast of Tasikmalaya , and on the resort island of Bali , about 350 miles to the east .
At least 27 people were injured in Jakarta , a health ministry official said .
Hundreds of people sheltered in a military base in Tasikmalaya , fearing the initial tremor would be followed by aftershocks , an official at the disaster management agency said .
Damage : Entire homes were destroyed by the quake , which measured 7.0 on the Richter Scale
A young victim of earthquake is brought into a hospital in Bandung , West Java , Indonesia
Indonesia 's main power , oil and gas , steel , and mining companies with operations in West and Central Java island closest to the quake 's epicentre said they had not been affected and suffered no damage .
Tsunami warning for the 'ring of fire '
Indonesia 's 17,000 islands are scattered along a belt of volcanic and seismic activity known as the Pacific ' ring of fire ' , and the area is one of the most quake - prone places on the planet .
More than 170,000 Indonesians were killed or listed missing after a 9.15 magnitude earthquake off Indonesia 's Aceh province on Sumatra triggered the Boxing Day tsunami in February .
A total of 230,000 people died in affected Indian Ocean countries .
Local tsunami warnings were issued for coastal areas within several hundred kilometres of the epicentre soon after it struck , but were withdrawn about half an hour later .
People stand outside a house is damaged by an earthquake in the town of Garut , West Java , Indonesia
Shock :
A woman makes a phone call near a damaged house
Indonesia 's seismology agency put the magnitude at 7.3 with the epicentre 88 miles southwest of Tasikmalaya .
The Hawaii - based Pacific Tsunami Warning Center said there was no threat of a widespread tsunami .
Residents in Jakarta reported buildings shaking , and thousands of people streamed onto the streets of the capital from office and apartment blocks .
' The chandelier started moving and it started shaking really strong , ' said Jakarta resident Victor Chan , who lives in a 34th floor apartment .
It lasted quite long .
I was really scared and rushed downstairs . '
Neighbour Nur Syara said : ' Everything was shaking and my neighbour shouted " quake , quake " .
' You could hear the walls creaking .
I lay down on the floor .
I was scared things would collapse . '
A witness in Tasikmalaya said several houses collapsed , including the mayor 's office , and a mosque was damaged .
Toke of the town : portraits made with roaches
Pittsburgh - based tattoo artist Cliff Maynard has an unusual medium that he works with : used joint ends !
?
Advertisements
This morning FNC’s Fox and Friends used video of The Daily Show host Jon Stewart to imply that the Climategate emails have turned Stewart into a climate change denier .
The problem is that they only showed the dig at Al Gore and left out the rest of the segment in which Stewart says that the emails are n’t very sensational .
Here is the video courtesy of Media Matters :
Advertisements
FNC ’s Steve Doocy framed the video as , “ Extraordinarily , take a look at this .
Jon Stewart of The Daily Show , which has historically bashed Republicans and , you know , not bashed Democrats , really took a shot at Al Gore .
Look at this .
They then played Stewart ’s joke about Al Gore .
Doocy then picked it up by saying , “ It is pretty extraordinary that Jon Stewart would be taking a shot at Al Gore , who ’s been on his program a couple of times .
But at the same time , the mainstream media for the most part not covering this whole “ climate - gate ” thing .
It just seems to be us and bloggers like you . ”
If you listen to Fox News , Jon Stewart has been converted , but …
Here is the full segment :
Fox News played , “ Poor Al Gore , global warming completely debunked via the very internet you invented . ”
They left out the last part of what Stewart said which was , “ Actually , the real story is not quite that sensational , basically , emails stolen from scientists at one of the leading centers for global warming show them discussing their work , um casually . ”
The segment was not questioning global warming , but mocking the shoddy work of the scientists , but in the hands of the Fox News Magic Editing Button , Jon Stewart becomes a climate change denier .
I ca n’t believe that FNC continues to do this .
It is as if they think that no one is going to look at the complete segment .
It would be funny if it was n’t so sad that they are misleading and fooling millions of viewers every day , with their AV Club quality editing .
Jon Stewart is the latest victim of Fox News ’ “ fair and balanced ” reporting of the news .
[ H/t CSPANJunkie ]
It 's funny how Republicans keep talking amongst themselves about how they can get back ahead of Democrats -- usually by reverting to tactics ( like the " Contract On For America " ) that worked twenty years ago but have nothing to do with the shape of America going forward .
Instead , they clutch vigorously to their old standbys even as America changes before them .
The classic case of this is the GOP 's ongoing affair with immigration - bashing nativists , even as the country demographically before their eyes .
Similarly , they insist on clinging to outdated policies like the " War on Drugs " and the hardline stance that we should basically criminalize drug users and keep relatively harmless drugs like marijuana illegal , even for proven medical use .
But the times , they are a - changin ' :
A poll by Zogby International released today found that 41 % of Americans agree that “ the government should treat marijuana more or less the same way it treats alcohol : it should regulate it , control it , tax it and only make it illegal for children . ”
This represents a striking increase from previous nationwide polls on making marijuana legal .
The Obama administration , at least , is edging slowly in the direction of sanity , having announced last month that it would cease prosecuting people for possession in states that allow medical marijuana .
This policy has the Republicans all a - dither , as you can see in the video above of the hysterical grilling Sen .
Tom Coburn gave Attorney General Eric Holder earlier this month about the issue .
Similarly , Republicans on the local level are working quietly to undermine this policy shift .
In Washington state , as Lee Rosenberg recently reported for HorsesAss , the state 's GOP attorney general , Rob McKenna , has been quietly attacking our medical - marijuana law on his own :
Here in Washington , our state law enforcement officials should be following the voter initiative passed in 1998 ( and the follow - up legislation from 2007 ) , not the Federal law .
Unfortunately , our Attorney General does n’t seem to agree .
Rob McKenna ’s office has been trying to undermine Washington State ’s medical marijuana law , and thanks to a Public Disclosure Request , we ’re finally able to shine some light on what they ’ve been doing .
After the PDR was filed , nearly 800 pages of emails and other documents from the Department of Corrections were recently released to the Cannabis Defense Coalition .
They ’re broken up into eight 100 - page PDF files .
The documents are not in any order , so I created a chronological index for easy searching of specific events .
The reason that so much attention is focused on the DOC is because a number of qualified medical marijuana patients have been raided by police and arrested ( the medical marijuana law does not provide an affirmative defense from arrest ) , pressured into accepting plea deals that would keep them out of a jail cell but still on probation , and then put under the supervision of the Department of Corrections .
The Department of Corrections would then claim the authority to deny those individuals the ability to use medical marijuana through internal rules that they ’d made up after consulting with the AG ’s office .
They would then easily enforce those rules by administering drug tests .
In the end , you had individuals who ’d been authorized by their doctors to use medical marijuana having law enforcement interfere with that decision and either force them to stop using that medicine or to use a less effective alternative like Marinol .
This end - around of the voter - approved medical marijuana law worked on a number of medical marijuana patients .
Pamela Olson was one victim before her husband Bruce fought his own case in Kitsap County court and won ( sadly , they lost their home in the process ) .
It ’s not clear , even with the released documents , exactly how many people were affected by this ( names are redacted throughout ) , but lawyers who defend authorized patients have been dealing with cases across the state for several years now and are still hoping to bring some kind of legal action against the Attorney General , the DOC , or both .
Go read the whole piece , which is an excellent example of citizen journalism at its finest .
( None of the local media , incidentally , have picked up on the story . )
It 's truly maddening that the state 's chief law - enforcement officer has been working so hard to undermine a law duly passed ( and reinforced ) by the citizens of the state .
But then , it seems to be part of the Republican condition these days : clinging to outdated ideas because doing so just seems conservative , you betcha .
Incidentally , Rosenberg also posted this graphic recently underscoring just what a waste of our national resources our pig - headed pot laws really are :
November 9 , 2009
This statement was issued by the Fort Hood chapter of Iraq Veterans Against the War and Under the Hood Café , a meeting place organized near Fort Hood by antiwar activists for soldiers to meet and unwind .
OUR COMMUNITY is distraught by the tragic shooting at Fort Hood yesterday .
We extend our condolences to the families and friends of the victims .
As upset as we are about this incident , this shooting does not come as a shock .
Eight years of senseless wars have taken a huge toll on our troops and their families .
It 's time to admit that the wars in southwest Asia are in no one 's best interests .
Bring the troops home now !
The Army has also repeatedly demonstrated that it is more interested in making soldiers " deployable " than it is in helping them fully recover from PTSD and other mental health issues .
This often leaves soldiers with few options other than to self - medicate with drugs and alcohol .
The Army routinely deploys soldiers who are clearly suicidal and homicidal .
Yesterday was a gruesome reminder of the possible violent consequences of this policy .
We hope the Army now takes its duty to take care of soldiers more seriously .
We demand transparency from the Army and other federal agencies involved with this investigation .
Under the Hood Café provides military service members with support through referrals to legal , financial and medical services .
It is a space for troops to freely express their views on the wars and the military .
It also offers GI rights counseling .
Iraq Veterans Against the War calls for the immediate withdrawal of all occupying forces in Iraq , reparations for the human and structural damages Iraq has suffered , and full benefits for returning military personnel .
Under the Hood Café
Iraq Veterans Against the War-- Fort Hood Chapter
A Thousand Foot View of Machine Learning | December 31 , 2009
Since I plan to spend a fair amount of time on this blog talking about machine learning , I thought it would make sense to give a basic introduction to what in the world machine learning is .
From the outside , people seem to think it ’s some kind of magic .
In this post , I will give a brief introduction to the principles in machine learning , highlighting the way machine learning researchers frame problems and how the algorithms they develop work to solve these problems .
The field is separated into two main categories : supervised learning and unsupervised learning .
Supervised learning is when we are given input vectors ( X’s ) and associated results ( Y’s ) , which could be categories ( classification problems ) or numbers ( regression problems ) .
Given this information , we then seek to develop a model whereby , given a new vector ( X ) , we can determine the associated result ( Y ) .
Sorry if that was too far out there .
Maybe we ’re given a vector of a user ’s preferences in music and we ’re trying to classify him as a fan of “ rock ” or “ rap . ”
Maybe we ’re trying to look at some market variables and tell whether it ’s going to go up or down .
In unsupervised problems , we are only given the input vectors ( X ) .
Our goal , then , is to “ cluster ” ( or find logical groupings ) of these vectors subject to some constraints .
That ’s not as important to what I do , so I ’m going to leave it for another time .
Supervised learning
A vector is simply a list of numbers .
For simplicity ’s sake , we ’ll start with a problem where the input vectors ( X ) are two - dimensional , since these vectors can easily be visualized on an x-y plane .
However , it is important to remember that these algorithms can work on input vectors of any dimension .
Consider the following “ toy problem . ”
We are given two - dimensional input vectors ( X ) , and associated Y values which can be either “ square ” or “ triangle . ”
Then , given a new two - dimensional point ( X ) , depicted below as a green circle , we want to decide whether it corresponds to “ square ” or “ triangle ” :
This image demonstrates how perhaps the simplest of supervised learning algorithms , known as the k - nearest neighbor algorithm ( or KNN ) works .
KNN simply looks at the new point , and finds the closest points in the training set ( the nearest neighbors ) in order to decide how to classify the new point .
The inner circle demonstrates that , when we use the closest 3 points ( k = 3 ) the algorithm will predict “ triangle . ”
However , the outer circle shows that , when we select k = 5 , it will predict “ square . ”
Naturally , since the Euclidean distance function used by KNN can work with vectors of any dimension , this principle can be applied to input vectors of any size ( although they would n’t be quite as easy to visualize ) .
This is the fundamental problem of supervised learning : we are given examples ( input vectors X and their associated outcomes Y ) , and we look for a way to train a model to make predictions about new points .
Although KNN does it in a fairly simple way , other algorithms tackle the problem from other directions .
Another example is an algorithm called a linear support vector machine .
This algorithm relies on the intuition of maximum margin to solve supervised learning problems .
Consider the following 2 - dimensional example , here training an algorithm to separate between black and white Y values :
The linear SVM draws a line between the two sets in such a way that it accomplishes two things :
The line is as far as possible from the closest training points of each class ( maximum margin ) ; and As few as possible points are on the “ wrong side ” of the line .
The training points along the dotted line are called the “ support vectors ” — the line is drawn so as to maximize its distance from these support vectors .
The linear SVM has one serious flaw : in order for it to work , the two classes must be separable by a simple line .
That does n’t occur very often .
In the above KNN demonstration , for example , the squares were n’t linearly separable from the triangles .
In that case , the linear SVM would fail miserably .
The Kernel Trick
The way we get around this problem is by using the kernel trick , which I believe is one of the most beautiful pieces of mathematics I ’ve ever seen .
The kernel trick works as follows .
We have our original points ( X’s ) , which are 2 - dimensional and sit in the x-y plane .
As it turns out , there are functions ( called kernel functions ) that take those original 2 - dimensional points and project them ( according to some rules ) into a much higher dimensional space .
In fact , using the most popular kernel ( called the Gaussian radial basis function kernel ) , it takes points of any dimension and projects them into an infinite - dimensional space ( believe it or not , this is possible ) .
Of course , computers ca n’t use infinite dimensional points .
But , these kernel functions have special properties that allow us to compute various operations ( mainly the “ dot ” product ) on these infinite - dimensional vectors without ever actually calculating the infinite - dimensional vector itself .
Since SVMs use dot- products for doing their analysis , they can essentially use a kernel function to project the 2 - dimensional points into an infinite - dimensional space in which the two classes are linearly separable , and train the algorithm based on where these points lie in that infinite - dimensional space .
When an SVM is used this way , it is called a Kernel Support Vector Machine .
This concept can be confusing at first .
To get an idea of how this works in practice , you can play around with this SVM applet , which will allow you to use different data sets and different kernels and see how the SVM reacts .
KSVMs are truly revolutionary .
They can accomplish a variety of tasks without any tweaking at all , including handwriting , speech and image recognition .
I also have applied KSVMs to some problems in the financial sector , although their main selling point is that they can make good generalizations with small amounts of training examples .
Since we have plenty of training examples , KSVMs may not be the right choice for us .
Conclusions and further reading
For further reading , I suggest taking a look at Andrew Moore ’s tutorials , which I have found to be very helpful .
Andrew Moore is a well - known AI researcher from CMU .
Mainly , I suggest taking a look at his tutorials on Decision Trees , Gaussian Mixture Models , K - Means Clustering and Support Vector Machines .
For a broad look at the field , his Intro to AI tutorial might be helpful .
Hopefully I ’ve introduced the basic concept of machine learning .
We come up with training examples , which are just a list of numbers tagged with a category / outcome .
Then , given a new list of numbers , we are trying to classify it or predict the outcome associated with it .
Thus , the data we feed these algorithms is of paramount importance .
The real key is to find a group of data that make our outcomes separable in the high - dimensional space in which these training examples live — then , we simply have to write an algorithm that can learn how to separate between them .
Naturally , this is a bit of a simplification .
These algorithms rarely work “ out of the box , ” and it requires a good understanding of all the internals to figure out which algorithm to use , and how specifically to implement it such as to maximize the chances of success .
The programmer has to determine which kernel to use ( if any ) , how to use the data to make it as useful as possible to the algorithm , and how to fine - tune the parameters that each of these algorithms take .
Practical advice on the process and procedures that underpin the delivery of successful project outcomes .
Tap into specialist insight and analysis on Plan of Work and Project Administration from NBS .
Wonder why you 'd need a specification and what the benefits would be ?
Tempted to do without a specification at all ?
We 've 10 key reasons as to why you should n't scrimp when it comes to specifications .
We explore some of the latest tools and apps for online collaboration .
Whatever your line of work , whatever the task in hand , there 's sure to be something that can eliminate frustration from your daily life ...
Ever thought of setting up your own practice ?
We launch a new series that will set you on the path to success .
This time , what 's your proposition ?
Can you shape a business around the bits of work that you find engaging and , even , fun ?
Uniclass 2015 - July 2020 update
This is the latest in our quarterly updating programme for Uniclass 2015 and includes updates to eight tables .
Fire safety and the RIBA Plan of Work | by Jess Sharman Based on a webinar of the same name by NBS Technical Author James Smith , this article looks at the importance of having a robust fire safety strategy and why it should be integrated into your specification .
RIBA Plan of Work 2020 and specification | by Dale Sinclair
The specification is the backbone of any project .
Products must be researched , selected and agreed with the client , with finishes and facades requiring careful consideration and discussions with clients , planners and other stakeholders .
Using NBS to specify sustainable outcomes on projects | by Michele Lucarelli Sustainability is arguably the most expansive strategy in the RIBA Plan of Work 2020 .
It is also a topic that is being asked about increasingly when specifiers are reaching out to NBS to know more about how our technical content can help them achieve sustainable outcomes for their projects .
Uniclass 2015 - April 2020 update | by NBS
This is the latest in our quarterly updating programme for Uniclass 2015 and includes updates to five tables .
RIBA Plan of Work 2020 Overview – Question and answer | by NBS In April 2020 Dale Sinclair , Director of Technical Practice at AECOM gave a presentation giving an overview to the RIBA Plan of Work 2020 .
Following the session , a number of questions were raised by attendees .
These questions are addressed below by Dale and Alex Tait , Head of Technical Practice at RIBA .
Review : ' Building a Safer Future ' .
The governments response and reformed building safety regulations .
| by Lee Jones
The UK Government has published their response to the ‘ Building a Safer Future ’ consultation .
This outlines the coming changes to the regulatory system for building safety .
Lee Jones , Head of Manufacturer Solutions at NBS , provides a summary of the report below .
NBS Source : a new future for manufacturer product information | by Dr Stephen Hamil At NBS , our vision is to be the information platform for the construction industry .
Our mission is to use the power of connected data to add value and enable a safe , efficient , high - quality industry .
In this article Dr Stephen Hamil , Innovation Director for NBS , takes us through the reasons behind the development our new platform NBS Source .
How to work remotely with NBS Chorus
The move to homeworking has created new challenges for the industry that we are all adapting to .
We ’ve seen an increase in usage of our NBS Chorus specification platform , and many of our customers are seeing the benefits of specifying in the cloud now more than ever .
In this article we outline how Chorus will make your life easier while you ’re working from home .
Construction , Car Shows , Covid19 | by Richard Waterhouse
In what seems like just a few weeks , the world has changed .
We face a threat , the likes of which we have rarely seen .
Governments are taking drastic actions to limit the spread of the virus to protect the vulnerable .
At the same time , this risks hurting even more through economic damage .
In China , GDP fell by over 20 % in February and most economies are looking at similar declines .
What is The Golden Thread ?
| by NBS
In the construction and architectural field , there 's a lot of discussion around the ' golden thread of information ' .
But what is it ?
Report Abuse
image : x ( 0.00 KB )
Posted November 15 , 2009 Modofied January 01 , 1970 Last accessed January 01 , 1970
Image has not yet been rated .
Select rating Worst Not bad Good Best Excelent
BBCode for Forum HTML Code for Site Hotlink for Forum Hotlink for Site
Free Porn 24/7 - NEVER Pay Again For Smut - Click Here !
Porn Tube TV - 300000 + FREE Movies - Click Here !
Tony's Tubes - When You Want Young Pussy Movies 4 Free - Click Here !
Tubes2Go - Find All The Best Tubes On The Web In One Place ! - Click Here
PeeP Tubes - The Fastest Tube Search Engine on the Web - Click Here !
The seemingly perpetual Middle East " peace process " is now at a moment of truth .
Chief Palestinian negotiator Saeb Erakat said so himself at a press conference on Nov. 4 .
Palestinian hopes that the Obama administration would remain resolute in insisting that Israel halt further expansion of its settlements on Palestinian land have been dashed .
An especially low moment came when Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton recently used the word " unprecedented " to praise Israel 's minimalist promise of restraint in its settlement expansion program .
In rapid reaction , Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas announced that he did not wish to seek reelection because it was now clear that the US would not stand up to Israel .
Washington 's capitulation raises the possibility that " the two - state solution is no longer an option and maybe the Palestinian people should refocus their attention on the one - state solution , where Muslims , Christians , and Jews live as equals , " Mr. Erakat told the press .
His verbal bombshell just might signal a turning point in the long , frustrating search for peace with some measure of justice in Israel / Palestine .
Throughout the long years of the so - called peace process , deadlines have been consistently and predictably missed .
Such failures have been facilitated by the practical reality that , for Israel , " failure " has had no consequences other than a continuation of the status quo , which for all Israeli governments has been not only tolerable but preferable to any realistically realizable alternative .
For Israel , " failure " has always constituted " success , " permitting it to continue confiscating Palestinian land , expanding its West Bank colonies , building bypass roads for Jews only , and generally making the occupation even more permanent and irreversible .
In everyone 's interests , this must change .
For there to be any chance of success in any new round of negotiations , failure must have clear and compelling consequences that Israelis would find unappealing – indeed , at least initially , nightmarish , since democratic demographics would inevitably spell the end of Jewish supremacy in the " Jewish State . "
The Palestinian leadership , with or without Mr. Abbas , should now announce its willingness to resume negotiations with Israel but only on this express and irrevocable understanding :
If a definitive peace agreement on a " two - state basis " has not been reached and signed by the end of 2010 , the Palestinian people will have no choice but to seek justice and freedom through democracy – through full rights of citizenship in a single state in all of the land which , prior to 1948 , was called Palestine , free of any discrimination based on race or religion and with equal rights for all who live there , as in any true democracy .
The Arab League should then publicly state that the very generous Arab Peace Initiative , which , since March 2002 has offered Israel permanent peace and normal diplomatic and economic relations in return for Israel 's compliance with international law , will expire and be " off the table " if a definitive Israeli - Palestinian peace agreement has not been signed by the end of 2010 .
At this point – but not before – serious and meaningful negotiations can begin .
Given how far Israeli settlements have encroached on Palestinian land , it may already be too late to achieve a decent two - state solution , but a decent two - state solution would never have a better chance of being achieved .
If it is indeed too late , then Israelis , Palestinians , and the world will know and can thereafter focus their minds and efforts constructively on the only other decent alternative .
It is even possible that , if forced to focus during the coming year on the prospect of living in a fully democratic state with equal rights for all its citizens – which , after all , is what the United States and the European Union hold up in all other instances as the ideal form of political life – many Israelis might come to view this " threat " as less nightmarish than they traditionally have .
In this context , Israelis might wish to talk with some white South Africans .
The transformation of South Africa 's racial - supremicist ideology and political system into a fully democratic one has transformed them , personally , from pariahs into people welcomed throughout their region and the world .
It has also ensured the permanence of a strong and vital white presence in southern Africa in a way that prolonging the flagrant injustice of a racial - supremicist ideology and political system and imposing fragmented and dependent " independent states " on the natives could never have achieved .
This is not a precedent to dismiss .
It could and should inspire .
John V. Whitbeck , an international lawyer who has advised the Palestinian negotiating team in negotiations with Israel , is author of " The World According to Whitbeck . "
In his inaugural address , President Obama promised to " work tirelessly to … roll back the spectre of a warming planet " , and to " restore science to its rightful place " , adding : " Our time of standing pat , of protecting narrow interests and putting off unpleasant decisions – that time has surely passed . "
You would n't know it from reading the Guardian this morning .
Instead of sensing the spirit of " yes we can " , you feel the familiar muscle of America 's Big Carbon special interests .
For months , US officials have been dampening expectations and lowering the bar on which climate measures could be expected from the new administration .
This culminated yesterday in Obama signalling that he wants to delay a formal global climate agreement until next year at the earliest , rejecting the advice of his own science adviser , John Holdren .
In August Holdren said : " We really have to have in place across the industrialised world the agreements and the measures that are going to enable us to peak [ global emissions ] no later than 2015 … and if you want those things to be in place no later than 2012 , we really should get it done in Copenhagen .
That 's the schedule . "
But now the US , together with other rich countries , notably Denmark who will host the talks , is leading a concerted move to shift the goal posts .
For the 12 years since the Kyoto protocol was signed there have been plenty of talks about talks offering more than enough time to work out what needs to be done .
The last thing we need is more procrastination .
It 's been two years since the negotiations began on what should become the Copenhagen treaty , so it 's hardly as if it has been rushed , and 2010 wo n't make the task any easier .
The real reason talks have stalled is the failure on the part of rich countries to make any ambitious pledges as to how much they 're willing to cut their carbon emissions by 2020 , and to put forward a financial package for poor and vulnerable countries to adapt to the impacts of climatic changes and to develop their economies by low - carbon means .
The US is acting like a dead weight on the talks , pulling down the level of ambition so that the industrialised world has a combined offer on the table for just a 10 - 17 % cut in their emissions on 1990 levels by 2020 .
This is despite two years ago recognising the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change 's recommendations that they would need to cut their emissions in the range of at least 25 - 40 % to have a 50:50 chance of keeping global temperatures below two degrees of warming .
At the G8 summit in July , Obama pledged again to fight to keep temperatures below the crucial two degree mark .
Now he wants the whole world to wait for a bill currently bogged down in the US Senate .
The bill itself will deliver just a 4 - 7 % cut on 1990 levels by 2020 , which is completely inadequate .
As Copenhagen offers the best chance we 've ever had of agreeing a deal to beat climate change , its going to be crucial that Gordon Brown and other European leaders now face down America 's " no we can 't " attitude .
More than a hundred developing countries are still seeking a legally binding and ambitious deal from Copenhagen .
For them it 's life or death .
In our prime minister 's own words , " In every era there are only one or two moments when nations come together and reach agreements that make history , because they change the course of history .
Copenhagen must be such a time .
If we do not reach a deal at this time , let us be in no doubt : once the damage from unchecked emissions growth is done , no retrospective global agreement in some future period can undo that choice . "
• Joss Garman is a climate campaigner at Greenpeace UK
Rocket Jump Training
Rocket Jump - Training Author : John " CowNaetion " Petricini Website : http://www.bystudios.info/
Steam / AIM : cownaetion Version : TF2 Difficulty : Beginner - Moderate Credits :
The man who deserves the most merit is Nightman .
Aside from holding my hand and teaching me how to tie my shoes , he 's helped tremendously in the testing of this map , and not for him the release date would still be pushed .
Following up are my other peeps ElysiumPlain , ManBearPig , Drexen , and of course , Wonderwall .
Most textures were created from the author(s ) of the CNCR04 texture pack , many thanks to them .
Description : 10 Beginner jumps , 8 Advanced jumps .
The idea behind the map was to create an environment where new players and experienced players could converse on the same turf .
The map was not designed toward experts , and instead caters to the inexperience , with the beginning jumps focusing on specific skills , and advanced jumps upping the ante .
Enjoy and have fun .
Any questions or comments , feel free to contact me .
Version 3 fix / changes : +
All textures are now visible . +
No particles . +
Removed door on Beg 8 .
Problems : + Dark in some areas ( like near teleports ) .
+ We need a new site to host content , FPSBanana is getting worse .
Version 2 fixes / changes : + Reduced the amount of models , fixing Valve 's update and making the map server - friendly .
+
Redid the lighting .
Couple testers think it looks better than first version , so that 's a plus .
The lighting is n't uniform across all the jumps .
Some will be a bit brighter or more dim . +
Fixed that stupid texture on the ledge of Adv Area 2 . + Fixed Beginner Area 4
Part B , vertical quad - jump up a wall .
Added a pool of water at the bottom of the wall , making falling damage irrelevant and less prone to dieing .
+
Removed all the doors ( biggest complaint about map ) except on two jumps ( due to performance ) .
Added triggers in front of remaining doors to open before reaching it , making them less obtrusive . +
Cut the amount of particles by half ( I think I only came across one person who had a problem , and even though the particles can be turned off , just a precaution ) .
Known Problems / Bugs : +
Beg Jump 4 can be done with 3 good rockets , but it 's a beginner jump so that 's okay for lee -way .
AIM : CowNaetion E-Mail : cownaetion@bystudios.info
URL : www.bystudios.info
1. redditgifts is a new way to spread holiday cheer worldwide .
Redditgifts is a giant online gift exchange that started connecting internet stranger - friends around the world with one another in 2009 .
Last year nearly 200,000 people participated !
Think about that for a second : 200,000 internet strangers from 141 different countries put their faith in one another and sent gifts around the world .
Pretty awesome , right ?
Participating is easy .
It only takes a few minutes to sign up and create a profile .
Once you do , you wait until matching day , when we run a big program that matches each person to someone else in a giant daisy chain .
You ’ll be given a person ’s username , and you can stalk that person ( in a friendly way ) to find the perfect gift for them and mail it off .
Someone else will be doing the same for you , and when you get it , you can post photos of your awesome gift online so we can all celebrate together !
The contents of this blog are my personal views , and not necessarily those of any other person or entity .
As per Creative Common Attribution - Share Alike 3.0 Unported , you may reproduce the contents of this site , but ONLY for non-commercial purposes .
Any other use requires my explicit approval .
In the same document he also asked , '' Is the purpose for which a priestess engages in sex with members of the church based on religious belief ? ''
Testimony is expected to conclude next week , with final arguments scheduled for Tuesday .
Judge Byrne is hearing the case without a jury .
Wilbur Tracy , 51 years old , and his 47 - year - old wife , Mary Ellen Tracy , say their church has a congregation of 2,000 members , a claim undisputed by city attorneys .
Mr. Tracy is high priest of the church and his wife is high priestess .
The couple , who are representing themselves , are expected to make final arguments in the trial on Wednesday .
Mr. Tracy testified that in establishing the priesthood for his church he deemed that the high priestesses had to have sexual relations with a thousand men before they were fit for the priesthood , and his wife eventually qualified .
'' That is part of the development of a woman as high priestess , '' Mr. Tracy testified .
After The Newhall Signal , a weekly newspaper in Ventura County , northwest of Los Angeles , published a series of articles about the Tracys ' church early in 1989 , their house was searched and they were arrested in April 1989 on charges of pimping , pandering and prostitution .
They were convicted in a trial in state court last September and received probation .
His God Is Physically Fit
Since then , they have been arrested again and charged with violating their probation .
The current challenge in Federal court is an effort to prevent the state and the city from pursuing that case .
There have been 11 presidents of the United States since the Queen came to the throne in 1952 and she has met every one of them except Lyndon B Johnson who took over after the assassination of John F Kennedy in 1963 .
She met another serving president before her coronation and she also met a former president during her reign
Credit : PA
Israeli Soldier Chased a Kindergarten Girl
20 December 2009 , by : Johann Funk , she is the vision of innocence , peering up into the dull eyes of a soldier towering over her .
She can only be four or five years old .
Black slacks with a green striped short skirt fanning out beneath her short black jacket indicate that she is a kindergarten student .
She strains to hand the backpack , which is half her length , up to the soldier who orders her to stop .
He systematically opens every zipper and plunges his hands into each pocket before handing the backpack back .
It slumps to the ground .
The little girl carefully closes the zippers and with considerable effort slings the backpack onto her back ; the young soldier , who has moved on to the next search , has already forgotten her .
She stumbles as she hurries to catch up with her friends .
This encounter is a significant part of her education under the Israeli occupying power , which seeks to clip her fragile wings .
I feel helpless , angry and sad all at once .
What can I do ?
I observe , I document , I report but it is not enough , it is never enough to change significantly the severity of the occupation , let alone to end it .
I rationalize that what I do is part of a larger struggle but this answer is never completely satisfying .
My angel at Qitoun Checkpoint is still dehumanized as an enemy , invisible to international geopolitics , despite my feeble efforts .
All I can do is reflect , pray and enter into the suffering God must experience when he sees what is done in his name for the sake of Israeli settlers in Hebron .
Checkpoint , by : Johann Funk thirty Palestinians
huddle behind razor wire
against an icy December storm
workers from Israel
returning for eid al adha
shivering for five long hours
soldiers in combat gear
clutching stacks of identity cards
handing them back like candy
Occupation Illuminates the Incarnation of Jesus , by : Paulette Schroeder , 20 December 2009 .
It strikes me as strange that in the midst of soldiers , guns , checkpoints , detentions , humiliations , in the face of the Occupation and all its flagrant dehumanization of the Palestinians , I have come to see the Occupation ’s spotlight illuminating the beauty of Jesus ’ Incarnation .
Call it a curious cause and effect .
The Occupation degrades , pushes the vulnerability buttons in human nature : anger , rage , intense sadness , a temptation to hopelessness , a fierce need to survive , and to protect .
The Incarnation , on the other hand , celebrates life , lifts up human nature , elevates all that is possible for human beings to be for the other : service , sacrifice for the welfare of the other , thinking well of oneself , and of one ’s body with all its amazing functions including its eyes into the world .
The joyous proclamation of our Christian Incarnational faith makes all that is truly human both beautiful and profoundly holy .
Jesus enjoyed his humanity and upheld the dignity of all .
He experienced and preached about everyday aspects of life : the birds , the flowers , bread , wine , and sickness .
I shall be here in the West Bank for Christmas this year .
The contrasts I see intensify my desire to work diligently to undo Occupation through media , through friends , through writing .
The reality here pushes me to celebrate passionately , to give generous thanks for Jesus , Emmanuel .
This real Incarnational faith sustains , leads all Christians to live life abundantly , to work for justice and to open the doors for those denied their humanity .
Commerce weighs open - source content system for Web sites
Department publishes RFI for vendor input into Drupal open source content management system
The Commerce Department is looking for help to replace its current Web site with a large - scale , open - source , Drupal - based Web site hosting system .
Commerce is asking vendors to submit feedback about the difficulty and feasibility of the switch , according to a request for information the department published on the Federal Business Opportunities Web site on Nov. 27 .
The vendors are asked to address Drupal 's ability to host multiple Web sites under different domain names and under a single domain name ; with a common theme , custom branding elements or custom themes ; and with or without shared Drupal modules for common functionality .
The department currently operates a primary Web site , Commerce.gov , along with numerous other sites for its operating agencies , programs , products and services .
The Office of the Chief Information Officer manages the Web site technologies , while the Office of Public Affairs manages the content .
The department intends to replace the existing system with a Drupal - based system that will allow administrators and content owners to deploy and manage Web sites separately while also providing for a secure and scalable hosting infrastructure , the notice states .
Responses are due by Dec. 15 .
The White House recently adopted Drupal ’s content management system for its site .
The system has gained attention as a platform for social media and semantic Web applications .
This is the first pass at a storyboard Animatic for the first minute of Durian .
Lee Salvemini
If they can make it there , they can make it anywhere .
Zaarath and Christopher Prokop — and their two cats — live in the smallest apartment in the city , a 175 - square - foot “ microstudio ” in Morningside Heights the couple bought three months ago for $ 150,000 .
At 14.9 feet long and 10 feet wide , it ’s about as narrow as a subway car and as claustrophobic as a jail cell .
But to the Prokops , it ’s a castle .
“ When you first see it , the first thing you say is , ‘ Holy crap , this place is small , ’ ” said Zaarath , 37 , an accountant for liquor company Remy Martin .
“ But when I saw it , all I could think of is , I can do something with this .
This is perfect for us .
We love it . ”
PHOTOS : See the Prokop ’s studio
The co-op is on the 16th floor of a doorman building on 110th Street , between Broadway and Amsterdam Avenue .
But it ’s only accessible by a staircase on the 15th floor .
It has two small windows with views of upper Manhattan ; hardwood floors ; a tiny kitchen with a mini- fridge and hotplate ; and a closet - sized bathroom with a shower , sink and toilet .
“ I ’m amazed we can fit two people and two cats in there , ” Zaarath said .
“ But it ’s harmonious at this point .
I have friends who say they could never live with their husbands in a place this small .
It ’s a good thing we like each other enough to live there . ”
The couple wakes up every morning in their queen - size bed , which takes up one - third of the living space .
They then walk five feet toward the tiny kitchen , where they pull out their workout clothes , which are folded neatly in two cabinets above the sink .
A third cabinet holds several containers of espresso for their only kitchen appliance , a cappuccino maker .
They turn off their hotplate , and use the space on the counter as a feeding area for their cats , Esmeralda and Beauregard .
“ We do n’t cook , ” Zaarath said , adding that their fridge never has any food in it .
“ So when you do n’t cook , you do n’t need plates or pots or pans .
So we use that space for our clothes . ”
Once in their running attire , the two change the cat litter box ( stored under the sink ) and start their small Rumba vacuum — which operates automatically while they ’re out , picking up cat hair .
They then jog to their jobs in Midtown , picking up along the way their work clothes , which are “ strategically stashed at various dry cleaners . ”
Just in case the cleaners are closed , both have emergency clothes at their offices .
“ I have a closet at my office , ” Zaarath said .
“ You do n’t want to be standing outside a closed cleaners at 8:45 in your workout pants thinking , ‘ Greeeeeat ’ . . .
It ’s a great strategy .
You always have fresh things to wear . ”
The only other furniture in the apartment is a 27 - inch flat - screen TV attached to the wall ; a brown leather storage bench at the foot of the bed that stores linens but also acts as a sofa ; a cat climbing “ tree , ” and a shelf / wine rack system that holds a radio , cable box , and several bottles and glasses .
One of the kitchen cabinets is full of champagne because Zaarath ’s job allows them to order cases of it .
They do n’t have a trash can .
The second something needs to be thrown out , they walk to the chute in the hallway .
Their bathroom — about 3 by 9 feet — has a small pedestal sink with mirror , and a stand - alone shower .
“ Every bit of space is utilized , ” said Christopher , 35 , also an accountant , who beamed as he showed off the apartment .
“ We really have everything we need . ”
The Prokops , who met in Texas where they worked , lived in New Jersey before moving to the Big Apple .
They started with a 1,600 - square - foot apartment in Glen Ridge , then moved to a 900 - square - foot place in Jersey City .
Once they decided on Manhattan , they wanted to go even smaller .
“ We used to be kind of frivolous , ” said Zaarath , a California native .
“ I used to collect vintage clothing , for example , and the cost of storing it and moving it was just not economically viable .
So when we decided to move to Manhattan , we realized we ’re not home that much because of our jobs .
We do n’t need that much space .
We could go smaller .
When I saw the ad in the paper , I knew I had to see it .
And I knew it was right for us as soon as I saw it . ”
Real - estate broker Steven Goldschmidt , senior vice president of Warburg Realty , showed the Prokops the apartment , which used to be one of about nine maid ’s quarters in the prewar building .
“ We converted eight of them into four apartments , ” Goldschmidt said , with each apartment going for a little less than a half - million dollars .
“ But we could not configure that one room within any of the floor plans we were looking at without spending oodles of money .
So I came up with the idea to just make it the smallest apartment and see how it goes .
I know a number of the luxury buildings are selling servants quarters and they ’re not this small . ”
He said he got “ a lot of calls ” from parents looking to find apartments for their Columbia students or business people looking for a pied - à - terre .
“ It was not on the market all that long , ” he said .
“ And the Prokops made us a great offer , and that ’s it . ”
The couple will pay off their mortgage in two years , when they plan to remodel some of the apartment , adding a Murphy bed and larger windows .
They will then be saddled only with their maintenance fee , which is just over $ 700 a month .
“ It ’s like having a rent - controlled apartment , ” she said .
“ We ’re going to own something in Manhattan in two years .
How many people can say that ?
And we ’re very happy doing more with less . ”
She added that because they save money on their home , they can spend money in “ areas that make our lives better , ” like restaurants and vacations .
The two just got back from Beijing and have been to Japan and other countries .
“ We get to really experience life and enjoy ourselves , ” she said .
“ We eat out all the time .
On the weekends , we ’re outside exploring the neighborhood .
We ’re at Riverside Park all the time .
We ’re not nesters .
This apartment is perfect for someone active .
If you want to stay home or entertain , this is just not the apartment for you . ”
She joked that the tiny apartment gets her out of hosting duties and dissuades long - term guests .
“ No one ever stays too long , ” she said .
“ It ’s too small . ”
She said Christopher ’s parents stayed in the apartment while they were in China , and the two suitcases they brought was too much .
“ They were sort of fumbling over each other , ” Zaarath said .
With the holidays coming , the Prokops plan to hang a wreath and put up Christmas bushes — but in the hallway .
“ Maybe I ’ll just get Christmas - tree pajamas and wear them around , ” laughed Zaarath .
“ That ’ll be good . ”
Live in a tiny New York apartment ?
E-mail
amontefinise@nypost.com
to tell your story .
This is the real deal .
Iron Man 2 will feature a brand new War Machine .
That is the official photograph .
Drool .
Too often we forget why we ’re here .
Caught in an endless , empty race without a real prize , we run each day trying to fulfill our own expectations , other people ’s expectations , or just simply blindly following rules we do n’t understand .
We forgot what is the real reason of our existence : to enjoy it .
To breathe life every second and thrill with it .
Here ’s a list of 7 simple reasons to enjoy life even in the fastest , emptiest , dullest and mindless race we chose to run .
Beginnings
Every little thing we start is a creation .
A miracle by itself .
Think for a second : before we activate the Universe to make it happen , there is nothing there .
Picture a cup of coffee in your mind .
Before you pour the water , add the brown powder and put some heat on it , there is nothing there .
Separated pieces of matter , drifting around in your environment , without any intention to glue them together .
It was you who changed this and manifested a cup of coffee where there was nothing before .
I am a big fan of beginnings .
I am addicted to them .
Every time I start something , I enjoy my creative super powers .
Because there ’s no need to start big , in order to enjoy your creative super powers , all you need is to start .
Size has nothing to do with beginnings : even the biggest journey started with only one step .
That atomic action , that infinitesimal shift in the current texture of the Universe , this incredible small intention , that is a magical thing .
Putting together separated pieces of your environment and transform them into something new , that is enchanting .
Beginnings are filling us with enthusiasm , passion and eagerness .
Every time we start doing something , being it a cup of coffee or a new relationship , being it a walk in the park or circling around the word , we ’re using our divine , immortal persona .
Just make sure you realize that next time you ’re making coffee .
People You Love
You may be sad , but when they are around , you ’re happy .
You may be struggling with financial difficulties , but when you think at them , everything seems easy .
You mayÂ be stumbling in the darkest depression and yet , only by thinking at them , your path seem a little bit clearer .
They are the people you love .
They are the ones who ’re making you abandon your own wishes , in an unspeakably happy surrender to something bigger than you .
They are sometimes your only reason to live .
Have you thought what makes you love them ?
What are the reason behind your love ?
I hope you did n’t find the answer .
Because you do n’t need one .
You just love them .
Loving somebody is outside reason , outside logic , beyond our analytical understanding of the world .
Love is our greatest mystery and the people we love are its messengers .
They tend to arrive at impossible moments in our lives and destroy all the solid foundations we thought we had .
Only to build new , better and stronger ones .
Life is not easy .
It can pull you in different directions and suck the last drop of energy out of you .
And yet , in the most desert period of your existence , you ’ll still have somebody to love .
The moment you stopped loving other people , you stopped loving yourself .
And without love , yes , life is empty , dull and mindless .
Creating Value
You do have a talent .
Something that is unique to you .
It does n’t need to follow social rules or be converted into a career .
It ’s just something you ’re great at .
Every time you do that , every time you ’re performing that special talent of yours , you ’re creating value .
It may be just that you make people laugh .
Or comfort them by speaking .
Or dancing .
Or writing .
Something that just flows through you and reach other people almost effortless .
Creating value is what gives you a sense of usefulness and presence .
I love creating value .
I love mastering different skills .
I love the feelings I have when something I did proves useful for somebody else .
Lately , this happens on this blog .
People email me and tell me they felt motivated by my writing .
Sometimes , they are even old friends who almost lost contact and incidentally found me while browsing the net .
Every time I have one of those moments I feel fulfilled .
A deep , strong and almost explosive emotion , leaving me thrilled and filled with adrenaline .
Making yourself useful to other people is drastically underrated in our modern society .
A sense of blind ego and empty performance has replaced this natural flow : it does n’t matter how you can make people happy with what you do , but rather what you get in return .
No wonder you ca n’t enjoy life in such a limiting mindset .
Enjoying Value Created By Other People
When was the last time you felt inspired while listening to good music ?
Or watching an excellent movie ?
Or just enjoying new , simple yet elegant clothes ?
Or eating out deliciously at a nice restaurant , on a magical summer evening ?
On any of these occasions you were enjoying value created by other people .
Somebody else created that music , imagined those clothes , made that movie , prepared that dinner .
Somebody else used his or her unique talent and made you feel special .
I love to enjoy value created by other people .
It gives me a sense of connection and validation .
I feel like I am part of something bigger .
Somewhere , somehow , there is a master plan and I am part of it .
I mean something .
Somebody took his time and skills and imagination and created something for me .
I am enriched by that thing .
I am better and I feel better while enjoying it .
And I am also sending my respect to the creators .
Refusing this flow of good stuff that comes to me is just against nature .
Living a life of abstinence in the name of fake modesty is so frustrating .
Disconnecting from other people while waiting to transcend some twisted , invisible layers of “ limiting ” pressure is simply stupid .
I do experience some abstinence every now and then , but only as an appetizer : makes the whole thing taste so much better .
Your Current Moment
Being in the current moment is a magic experience .
And like any other magic it does n’t require more of this world , but rather less .
In order to really be in the current moment , you do n’t need to learn something new , but get rid of what you already know .
Leave back your worries , your frustrations , your memories and just stay here .
Enjoy what you see .
What you feel .
What you hear or touch .
You are designed for this specific experience , not for worrying and stacking frustration over frustration until you crack up .
Being in the current moment does n’t have anything to do with positive or negative emotions .
Anger or joy are two faces of the same coin .
Being in the current moment while you ’re angry has the same result as being in the current moment while you ’re joyful .
Rejecting what you feel because it ’s “ wrong ” will simply kill the current moment and replace it with some mental notion about it .
Instead of living your moment , you ’ll live your theoretical notion about what you “ should ” feel . , repressing the genuine feeling .
And that ’s so tasteless and dead .
The current moment is the only moment you have .
As fragile as it is , it has this enormous power of making you alive .
Do n’t suffocate it with unnecessary garbage from the past , or with volatile worries about the future .
Everything you have and need is right here .
Right now .
The Unexpected
One of the most popular and delusive hoaxes of all time is that life could be predictable .
Life is not predictable .
Life is what ’s happening while you ’re busy making plans .
The unexpected is the key ingredient here .
Trying to eliminate the unexpected in your life , making your path as safe as you can , will be the only sure proof way to die of boredom .
If no challenge will be there for you , if no surprising events will shake your universe , if nothing unforeseen will pop up suddenly , then what ’s left for you to do ?
I used to fight against the unexpected .
Especially while I had my business .
Seemed the most reasonable way to manage a business .
Eliminate all the possible bad outcomes and wait for the good ones to manifest .
Sadly , it did n’t worked out .
Apparently , the only way to enjoy a steady and healthy growth for my business was to embrace the unexpected and take advantage of it in every way I can .
Without the unpredictable changes in the market , I would n’t have any growth whatsoever .
While I do n’t reject a solid preparation for starting your days , I do n’t think this by itself will eliminate the unexpected in your life .
Fortunately .
Being prepared when the unpredictable happens is something completely different than rejecting it .
So much better to be hit by a wave , and enjoy it , rather than pretend the sea is still .
Endings
What goes up , must come down .
Every beginning has an end .
And I find as much thrill and joy of life in a healthy ending as I find in a genuine beginning .
Every ending is a confirmation that what ’s started has reached its maturity .
The purpose have been fulfilled .
It ’s not the ending in itself that causes suffering , it ’s the attachment .
Yes , pain is unavoidable , but suffering is optional .
Most of the time , though , I find out endings are not painful at all .
They ’re most like reaching the top of a mountain : you did it , now go down and start another one .
People try to make things last for unbelievably long periods of time .
It ’s an unconscious attempt to beat time .
What a waste of resources .
Time allows us to exist , how can you think to beat something that allows you to be .
It ’s a contradiction in terms .
You ca n’t beat your own context , you ’re in it .
For instance , people are struggling to make their relationships last longer .
Longer than what ?
Every thing has a purpose , if the purpose has been reached , it ’s time for a new beginning .
Enjoy the ending and let go .
If you do n’t allow endings , you ’re blocking other things form manifestation .
Making something last more than its original intention will just hurt everybody .
Enjoy the end and welcome a new beginning .
Like this blog post .
It ’s over now .
Time for you to start something new . 🙂
Ever noticed when watching old cartoons that a good half of them are about the speech impediments of animals ?
I ’ve got to be honest , I ’d be impressed if my cat could talk period , regardless if it could roll its Rs properly .
Perhaps my standards are too low .
If it were something more valid , like perhaps an incontinent cat , then I could see mocking them .
That my friends is a valid reason to criticize an animal .
But stuttering or slurred speech ?
Honestly , we should be pledging these animals into fraternities , not ridiculing them from afar .
Maybe in a politically correct age where we can no longer mock the minority groups asking for it ( you had it coming transsexual midgets ) , animals have become our only refuge .
While inappropriate to point and laugh at the fat man on the street , it is perfectly acceptable to enjoy a Garfield strip .
Oh look , he ’s gorging himself on food–again .
This is n’t humor , but a cry for help .
But let him burn .
Let all the cartoon animals burn .
Their suspicious lack of opposable thumbs and crudely drawn mannerisms are asking for it .
They crave our mockery .
Fat , lazy , stupid stutters that they are .
If you 're worried you 've had too many drinks to get behind the wheel on New Year 's Eve , fear not :
There 's an app for that .
Just reach for your iPhone , because several apps are now available to tell someone when they 've reached their legal limit .
" R - U - Buzzed , " a free application released Dec. 2 from the Colorado Department of Transportation , allows you to quickly determine your blood alcohol level .
Simply spin the wheel to your weight , how many drinks you 've had and the amount of time you 've been drinking and the app will tell you if you 're safe to drive .
Additionally , the app allows the user to contact a cab , although this feature only searches for cabs within Colorado .
The app will guide users in other states to links for cabs in their areas .
Of course , the app does n't provide an exact , scientific reading because it does n't take into account factors such as specific drink variations , an individual 's metabolism or how much the person has had to eat .
" We just wanted this to be used as a guide because most people do n't realize that with just a few drinks your ability to drive may be hampered , " said Stacey Stegman , spokeswoman for the Colorado Department of Transportation .
" It will hopefully make people err on the side of caution . "
One app that claims to provide more precision in determining users ' blood alcohol level is " Last Call " from Avvo.com , a website that helps people find and select lawyers .
Last Call requires the user to input more detailed information on the size and type of drinks consumed , and tracks the amount of time drinking automatically .
Avvo CEO and founder Mark Britton says that when it comes to deciding whether to get behind the wheel , " The more precision that Last Call can bring to this decision the better . "
Last Call also helps the user find a local cab , and a local lawyer " if they have made some really bad decisions , " Britton said .
Some anti-drunken - driving advocacy groups have reservations about these applications .
" We are not against the application but we believe it should be stressed that people should determine , before they start drinking , a sober , safe ride home , " said Mothers Against Drunk Driving CEO Charles Hurley .
MADD believes that only drivers with a blood alcohol level above 0.08 % should face arrest , but the organization believes the most responsible decision is to not drive after the consumption of any amount of alcohol .
" Measures such as the iPhone application have some merit but it should be stressed the best practice is do n't drink and drive .
Period , " said Hurley .
Britton says it is unrealistic to expect people not to have anything to drink before driving when they are celebrating the holidays away from home .
" There is not an iPhone app that prevents people from drinking , " Britton said .
" The most responsible thing we can do is give them the tools to monitor their drinking . "
" I think MADD feels like we do .
Nobody should look at this as an absolute to use to decide to get behind the wheel , " Stegman said of R - U - Buzzed .
The real value of the application lies in keeping attention focused on the problem of drunken - driving .
" We 've had to get more and more creative each year to keep drinking and driving at a high level of public awareness , " said Stegman .
By Will Cummings / Drive On
Someone should translate Bernanke 's speech extolling the virtues of Goldman Sachs never having to worry about being broken up or giving up its prop trading operations , and that the American economy is sizzling , to the just announced record 35.1 million food - stamp recipients .
That 's right : a record number of Americans are now subsisting courtesy of foodstamps .
One wonders at what point these people say enough and decide to start their own prop trading shops , as that is the only guaranteed way to make money these days .
If these millions are allowed to simply replicate Goldman 's trading feed , we are confident that the entire economy would recover practically overnight .
Bloomberg reports :
A record 35.1 million people received food stamps in June as unemployment reached a 26 - year high , according to the U.S. Department of Agriculture .
The 22 percent increase from a year earlier marked the seventh straight month of record participation in the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program .
The monthly total was 2.1 percent higher than May , the USDA said today in a statement on its Web site .
Spending on benefits also reached a monthly record at $ 4.68 billion , 1.7 percent more May .
In addition to 10.2 % unemployment , the other factor that just may be a culprit is that wages continues dropping every month on " record productivity " extractions out of the workforce :
Unemployment alone is n’t driving the growth , “ it ’s also the low wages ” earned by people working fewer hours or whose pay has been cut , said Jim Weill , president of the Food Research and Action Center , a Washington , D.C. - based anti- hunger organization .
“ Even if unemployment stabilizes , we ’ll see growth in caseloads for the next several months . ”
Here is the reason why Goldman should build a collocation facility in Nevada and California pronto :
Utah had the biggest increase in food - stamp participation , surging 46 percent from a year earlier , followed by Nevada and the state of Washington at 45 percent , according to the report .
Every state posted a gain from a year earlier and from May .
Texas had the most recipients at 2.94 million , followed by California with 2.8 million and New York with 2.43 million , the USDA said .
The average monthly benefit for an individual fell 0.4 percent to $ 133.12 from June ’s record to the lowest level since March , according to the USDA .
For a household of four the amount fell 0.5 percent to $ 293.82 .
Benefits were raised in April because of funding provided in the $ 787 billion stimulus bill Congress passed in February .
Totally off topic , we would like to point out that the Chairman 's statement that he sees no " current " bubbles is indicative of the typical Fed lunacy that we have all grown to love and admire .
And since we like to give the SEC a helping hand now and then , we would like to extend a favor to the Fed as well .
Dear Mr. Bernanke : take a look at the chart below and tell us how gold is now not in a bubble ?
( we wo n't even discuss such simple concepts as stocks trading at 20x + forward P/E ) .
While you are at it , maybe you can explain to the 35 million food stamp recipients what a record price in gold implies for your mythical economic recovery .
How is a car like the Internet ?
A reader named William Mack writes in with an interesting observation and question .
It echoes a conversation I recently had with a friend who had been on the receiving end of some road rage — in a New York City parking garage , of all places .
The driver behind her simply could n’t wait for her to pull in , so he rammed her .
William ’s note also brought to mind an observation that Levitt has made in the past : the same person who might flip you off while ensconced in his or her car would almost certainly never do the same while passing you on a sidewalk .
A parallel observation : I ’ve often found that people who can be exceedingly nasty via e-mail or blog are often fairly civil once you get together face - to - face .
Anyway , here ’s what William has to say .
I ’m sure he ’d love to know your thoughts .
I am a police officer in a relatively small city in the Dallas Fort Worth Metroplex .
I have been a cop for almost 12 years and spent 4 of them in the Traffic Division .
Due to the weather , our Traffic Division officers ride motorcycles on a year - round basis .
My job as a traffic officer was , obviously , enforcement of traffic law and “ working ” traffic accidents .
The geographical location of my city , nestled right between Dallas and Fort Worth , right above Arlington , provides for tremendous traffic flow .
The main highway , State Highway 183 , connects the two major cities and , in my city , sees approximately 1 million cars a day .
As you can imagine , there is no shortage of traffic violators and traffic collisions .
Over the years as a traffic officer and police officer , I have developed several theories on humanity .
I have no statistical data to base this on , for this is just one man ’s opinion .
People , in general , are selfish .
I think that , more often than not , people act based on how they are affected .
I know that is very generalized and probably a little mean , but I think that people act based upon how they are directly affected .
If they are , they care , sometimes too much .
If not , they do n’t [ care ] , sometimes not at all .
For example , during one particularly hot day in July in the early morning hours , an elderly female wandered onto the freeway and was struck by a vehicle traveling over 60 miles per hour .
As you can imagine , she was killed instantly .
The freeway was quickly shut down ( at 6 a.m. ) and the accident reconstruction began ( which is procedural and not my nor my supervisor ’s decision ) .
This usually takes between two and four hours .
You would not believe the number of people , who , because they were forced to exit the freeway after hours in gridlock , felt it prudent and necessary to yell obscenities at the lowly police officer .
As if it was my fault .
All this while he is standing next to a blood - soaked white sheet .
Those particular individuals had absolutely no remorse for the person lying dead on the freeway , nor for any of the other people stuck in traffic , nor for the poor cops who were out there in 110 - degree weather !
What the hell is that ?!
And that ’s not saying anything about those jerks , you know those guys , the ones who ride the shoulder of the freeway past the lines of cars waiting just because they do n’t want to [ wait ] .
The aggressive drivers , the super - aggressive drivers , the tailgaters , the speed demons , the road - ragers .
I guess the point is to give you some of my insight and to ask : what is it with people and driving that makes them show their true nature ?
Or is it a behavior relegated to their drive ?
Why is it that when people are late for work , they drive 100 miles - per - hour ?
Does this really get them there faster ?
( When taking into account that they still have to negotiate side streets with traffic signals and all that stuff . )
Why is it that driving , especially to and from work , brings out the worst in people ?
Or is it a select few ?
Maybe I ’ll never get the answers , but I figured I ’d share .
Publisher Jiyu Kokuminsha has released its annual list of the 60 most popular Japanese expressions of the year .
The words and phrases ( listed below in no particular order ) reflect some of the major trends , events , and people that captured the attention of the Japanese mass media in 2009 .
Included are plenty of references to Japan 's recent political shake - up , the ailing economy , and the blurring of traditional gender roles .
From this list , a panel of judges will select the 10 trendiest Japanese expressions of 2009 and announce the results in early December .
* * * * *
UPDATE ( Dec 2 , 2009 ) :
The top 10 most popular words / phrases of 2009 :
1. Regime change ( see # 1 below )
2. Child store manager ( see # 56 below )
3 . Sorting out operations ( see # 40 below )
4 . New flu ( see # 30 below )
5. Herbivorous men ( see # 4 below )
6. De-bureaucratization ( see # 28 below )
7 . Temp worker cutbacks ( see # 20 below )
8 . Fast fashion ( see # 7 below )
9. Complaints ( see # 45 below )
10 . History girls ( see # 60 below )
* * * * *
1. Regime change [ seiken kōtai - 政権交代 ] :
The landslide election victory of the Democratic Party of Japan brought an abrupt end to 54 years of Liberal Democratic Party rule .
Prime Minister Yukio Hatoyama has promised a host of political and economic reforms and may open a new era in foreign and security policy .
[ More ]
* * * * *
2. The Alien [ uchūjin - 宇宙人 ] :
Because of his quirky hairstyle , prominent eyes , and eccentric manner , Prime Minister Hatoyama is known by his supporters and opposition as " The Alien , " a nickname his wife says he earned because of how different he is from old - style Japanese politicians .
Box of Hatoyama Sable Cookies on sale at Tokyo Station
In his book Seicho no Genkai ni Manabu ( Learning from the Limits of Growth ) published in 2000 , Hatoyama claims he is happy to be called an alien .
" All humans are aliens .
We are earthlings , and at the same time , we are aliens , one existing part in the universe , " Hatoyama writes .
" As a human being , I think it is very important to go beyond the bounds of global awareness into universal consciousness . " [ More ]
* * * * *
3. " ... to Venus in a UFO " [ UFO de kinsei ni - ＵＦＯで金星に ] : Colorful first lady Miyuki Hatoyama drew worldwide attention with her claim to have traveled to Venus aboard a UFO .
Her account first appeared in a book entitled " Most Bizarre Things I ’ve Encountered , " which features interviews with prominent people about unusual experiences .
“ While my body was sleeping , I think my spirit flew on a triangular - shaped UFO to Venus , ” she said .
“ It was an extremely beautiful place and was very green . ” [ More ]
* * * * *
4. Herbivorous men [ sōshoku danshi - 草食男子 ] : Coined in 2006 by author Maki Fukasawa , this term refers to an emerging breed of man whose passive nature stands in stark contrast to conventional notions of masculinity .
Typically in his 20s or 30s , the herbivore does n't earn much money , spends little , takes a keen interest in fashion and his personal appearance , and does not aggressively pursue " flesh " ( i.e. romance and sex ) .
Friendly and home - oriented , he tends to favor cosmetics over deluxe cars and would rather eat sweets at home than treat his girlfriend to dinner at a fancy restaurant .
[ More ]
* * * * *
5. Herbivorous / carnivorous [ sōshoku - kei / nikushoku - kei - 草食系／肉食系 ] :
Where the herbivorous man is passive , the so - called " carnivorous woman " is aggressive .
The words " herbivorous " and " carnivorous " have come to denote one 's level of passiveness or aggressiveness , particularly with respect to sex and romance .
* * * * *
6. Nogyaru [ nogyaru - ノギャル ] : Nogyaru -- a combination of the words nōgyō ( agriculture ) and gyaru ( gal ) -- is the name of a rice - farming project started by young Shibuya gal entrepreneur Shiho Fujita .
The crops are grown in Akita prefecture with the help of Shibuya gals and marketed under the brand name " Shibuya Rice . " [ More ]
* * * * *
7 . Fast fashion [ ファストファッション ] :
The weak economy appears to have impacted Japan 's fashion world by pushing consumers toward the cheaper end of the market .
A " fast fashion " boom has erupted in Tokyo's trend - setting Harajuku area , where a crowd of cheap chic European and US retailers such as H&M , Forever 21 , Topshop , Zara , and Gap are now competing in close proximity to one another .
[ More ]
* * * * *
8. 990 - yen jeans [ ９９０ 円ジーンズ ] : Fast Retailing , which operates the Uniqlo casual fashion chain , attracted attention in March when it began selling blue jeans for a surprisingly cheap 990 yen ( about $ 11 ) at its g.u. stores .
In addition to driving up sales at g.u. , the bargain jeans touched off a denim price war as competitors slashed prices in response .
[ More ]
* * * * *
9. 25 % reduction [ 25 % sakugen - ２５％削減 ] :
At a climate change symposium in Tokyo in September , Prime Minister Hatoyama pledged big cuts in Japan 's greenhouse gas emissions , saying he will aim for a 25 % reduction by 2020 compared with 1990 levels .
[ More ]
* * * * *
10 . State - run manga cafe [ kokuei manga kissa - 国営マンガ喫茶 ] :
In April , the government fast - tracked plans to construct an 11.7 billion yen ( $ 130 million ) National Center for Media Arts -- a museum for manga , anime , video games , and other technology - based art .
Illustration of proposed " state - run manga cafe "
In a debate with the now former Prime Minister Taro Aso , new Democratic Party of Japan President Yukio Hatoyama criticized the planned facility as a waste of taxpayer money , referring to it mockingly as a " state - run manga cafe . "
After assuming office , Prime Minister Hatoyama put a halt to the project .
[ More ]
* * * * *
11 . Eco-car tax breaks [ eco-kaa genzei - エコカー減税 ] :
In April , the government began offering consumers a series of tax breaks and subsidies designed to encourage more eco-friendly car purchases .
Under the scheme , consumers who buy new electric , hybrid and clean diesel cars are exempted from automobile acquisition and weight taxes , and those who purchase gasoline - fueled cars that meet certain fuel efficiency and emissions criteria are entitled to a 50 % to 75 % tax reduction .
In addition , subsidies of up to 250,000 yen ( $ 2,700 ) are available to people replacing older vehicles with eco-friendly cars that meet certain criteria . [ More ]
* * * * *
12 . Eco-points [ エコポイント ] :
To stimulate consumption and promote the use of energy - efficient home appliances , the government set up a massive subsidy program based on eco-points , a type of currency that consumers earn by purchasing government - designated air conditioners , refrigerators and TVs .
Accumulated eco-points can later be used toward the purchase of other goods .
[ More ]
* * * * *
13 . 1000 - yen expressways [ sen - en kōsoku - １０００円高速 ] :
To help stimulate the economy , the government reduced the maximum toll for passenger cars on expressways across most of Japan to 1,000 yen ( $ 11 ) for unlimited distances on weekends and national holidays .
[ More ]
* * * * *
14 . Convenience store medical treatment [ conbini jushin - コンビニ受診 ] :
This expression refers to a growing problem in which patients with busy schedules seek minor medical attention at hospitals during off - hours , when only the emergency room facilities are available .
By popping into the hospital late at night as if it were a 24 - hour convenience store , these patients end up placing undue strain on emergency room facilities .
* * * * *
15 . Change [ チェンジ ] : Echoes of Obama 's mantra of " change " could be heard during this year 's historic general election in Japan .
* * * * *
16 . Ozawa girls [ 小沢ガールズ ] :
The Democratic Party of Japan 's landslide election victory in August brought 26 new female members -- many of them young and attractive -- to the legislature .
Japanese reporters and political commentators have nicknamed these women the " Ozawa girls " after former party boss Ichiro Ozawa , who spearheaded the campaign .
A few of the more well - known Ozawa girls include Kayoko Isogai ( a 43 - year - old unemployed woman ) , Mieko Tanaka ( a former sex- industry reporter who has appeared in provocative photo spreads and starred in the erotic horror cult flick " Blind Beast vs. Killer Dwarf " ) , Ai Aoki ( a former late - night television reporter ) , and Eriko Fukuda ( a 28 - year - old activist who became famous by leading a high - profile legal battle against the government after contracting hepatitis from a tainted blood transfusion ) .
+ Scene from " Blind Beast vs. Killer Dwarf , " starring Mieko Tanaka
Opponents have criticized the DPJ for recruiting unqualified female candidates who they say will never actually be given the power to make important decisions .
Party leaders have dismissed the criticism . [ More ]
* * * * *
17 . Supplementary income payments [ teigaku kyūfukin - 定額給付金 ] :
To help stimulate spending in the sluggish economy , the government offered supplementary income payments to the residents of Japan .
Payments amounted to 12,000 yen ( $ 130 ) per person ( 20,000 yen , or $ 180 , for children and seniors ) .
[ More ]
* * * * *
18 . Life - sized Gundam [ jitsubutsudai gandamu - 実物大ガンダム ] :
For a few weeks this summer , an 18 - meter - tall " life - sized " Gundam statue was erected in Tokyo's Shiokaze Park to commemorate the 30th anniversary of the " Mobile Suit Gundam " animated television series and to draw attention to Tokyo's bid for the 2016 Olympics .
Over a million people are estimated to have visited the statue while it was on display .
[ More ]
* * * * *
19 . Poverty [ hinkon - 貧困 ] : According to a recent survey by the Ministry of Health , Labour and Welfare , nearly one in six Japanese people are living in poverty -- one of the highest rates in the developed world .
[ More ]
* * * * *
20 .
Temp worker cutbacks [ haken - giri - 派遣切り ] :
When struggling companies are forced to make cuts , temp workers are among the first to lose their jobs .
* * * * *
21 . Temp Workers ' New Year Village [ toshikoshi haken mura - 年越し派遣村 ] :
To draw attention to the plight of Japan 's haken - giri poor , a group of 20 organizations set up a temporary emergency camp in Hibiya Park next to the Ministry of Health , Labour and Welfare building .
From December 31 , 2008 to January 5 , 2009 , the village provided meals and sleeping facilities to the needy , as well as recreational events and entertainment to help ring in the New Year . [ More ]
* * * * *
22 . Housing poor [ housing poor - ハウジングプア ] : Japan 's social safety net has come under increasing criticism for its inability to handle the growing ranks of people at risk of becoming homeless .
Particularly vulnerable are people in their 20s and 30s who live in company - provided housing .
When these workers lose their jobs , they often end up sleeping in Internet cafes and restaurants before ending up on the streets .
[ More ]
* * * * *
23 . Zero /zero apartments [ zero zero bukken - ゼロゼロ物件 ] : Rental properties requiring zero security deposit and zero " key money " are an attractive option for young people on a budget .
However , the unfair practices of some zero / zero apartment agents -- particularly with respect to the way late payments are handled -- have come to light , resulting in a series of legal battles .
Tokyo - based zero / zero agent " Smile Service " has been accused of barging into tenants ' apartments in the middle of the night to demand money , charging outrageous penalty fees , changing the locks and confiscating belongings , even when rental payments were a day late .
* * * * *
24 . Sexy buchō [ sekushii buchō - セクスィー部長 ] : Sexy Buchō ( " department chief " ) is a popular character with humorously exaggerated masculine sex appeal who appears in skits on the NHK sketch - comedy show " Salaryman NEO . "
Sexy Buchō , played by actor Ikki Sawamura
* * * * *
25 . Home appliance entertainers [ kaden geinin - 家電芸人 ] :
Group discussions with famous comedian guests on the weekly late - night variety TV show " Ame Talk " sometimes revolve around the latest in consumer electronics and home appliances .
The comedian guests participating in these episodes are referred to as " home appliance entertainers . "
Due to the show 's popularity , various electronics makers have reported significant spikes in sales after their products were discussed .
* * * * *
26 . " Doll stand " entertainers [ hinadan geinin - ひな壇芸人 ] :
This expression refers to the small groups of comedians frequently seen on variety TV shows , who typically occupy a set of tiered seats ( resembling a traditional hina - doll stand ) .
* * * * *
27 . Obama administration [ Obama seiken - オバマ政権 ] :
The Obama administration grabbed its fair share of headlines in Japan this year .
* * * * *
28 . De-bureaucratization [ datsu kanryō - 脱官僚 ] :
The new government has promised to break up the entrenched relationships between bureaucrats , big business and the LDP by decentralizing the bureaucracy and filling high - ranking civil - service posts with political appointments .
[ More ]
* * * * *
29 .
Donations from dead people [ kojin kenkin - 故人献金 ] :
This refers to a scandal in which dozens of people , including those deceased , were falsely listed as donors in political funding reports filed by Prime Minister Yukio Hatoyama 's fund - raising organization .
In June , Hatoyama acknowledged that the bogus lists included 193 donations from 94 people , many of them dead , totaling 21.8 million yen ( $ 240,000 ) .
The matter is still under investigation .
[ More ]
* * * * *
30 . New flu [ shingata infuruenza - 新型インフルエンザ ] :
About 6 million people in Japan have been infected with the new strain of influenza A virus subtype H1N1 since early July .
[ More ]
* * * * *
31 . Pandemic [ パンデミック ] :
In June , the World Health Organization declared the outbreak of H1N1 to be a pandemic .
[ More ]
* * * * *
32 . 1Q84 [ pronunciation - 日本語 ] :
The first two volumes of 1Q84 , a three - part novel by Haruki Murakami , were published in Japan in late May ( the third volume is scheduled for release in summer 2010 ) .
The much - anticipated novel rocketed onto the best - seller list , selling out the first printing on the first day of release .
Over two million copies were sold in the first six weeks of publication .
1Q84 is described as a complex and surreal tale that touches on themes of murder , history , cult religion , violence , family ties and love .
The title of the work is a reference to the year 1984 , which the characters experience in an alternate reality .
It is also a nod to Orwell 's 1984 , as the Japanese word for the number nine is pronounced " kyū . "
But unlike Orwell 's 1984 , which concerned the future , Murakami's 1Q84 approaches the year from the opposite direction , creating an alternate past .
[ More ]
* * * * *
33 . Lay judge trials [ saibanin saiban - 裁判員裁判 ] : Japan 's new " lay jury system " -- which requires randomly selected citizens to participate as jurors in trials for certain serious crimes -- went into effect this year .
In the first trial under the new system in August , lay jurors found 72 - year - old Katsuyoshi Fuji guilty of stabbing to death his 66 - year - old neighbor and sentenced him to 15 years in jail .
[ More ]
* * * * *
34 . DNA evidence [ DNA kantei - ＤＮＡ鑑定 ] :
In June , a Japanese man who spent over 17 years in jail for the murder of a four - year - old girl in 1990 was released after fresh DNA tests showed he was not the perpetrator .
The 63 - year - old man had been sentenced to life in jail after confessing to the crime , but he later retracted his confession , saying it was forced .
The case has prompted fresh criticism of Japan 's system of police interrogations , in which suspects can be detained and questioned for up to 23 days without the presence of a lawyer .
[ More ]
* * * * *
35 . " It happens " [ aru to omoimasu - あると思います ] : " Aru to omoimasu " -- loosely translated as " it happens " -- is a line used by comedian Tenshin Kimura each time he finishes singing one of his humorously erotic shigin poems .
* * * * *
36 . Tuusu ! [ トゥース ] :
This is a popular greeting used by comedian Toshiaki Kasuga of the owarai duo Audrey .
[ More ]
* * * * *
37 . Otomen [ otomen - 乙男 ] : Otomen -- a play on the word " otome " ( 乙女 ) , meaning " young lady " or " mistress , " and the English word " men " -- is the title of a popular romantic comedy manga centered around a cool , masculine student who excels at martial arts but harbors a secret girlish love for sweets , cute things , cooking , shōjo manga , and sewing .
[ More ]
* * * * *
38 . Pork - barrel politics [ baramaki - ばらまき ] :
The Hatoyama government has pledged to put a stop to wasteful government spending .
* * * * *
39 . Yamba Dam [ 八ッ場ダム ] :
As promised during the campaign , the new government quickly halted construction of the $ 5.2 billion Yamba Dam in the town of Naganohara , north of Tokyo .
Somewhat surprisingly , many residents opposed the government 's decision to cancel the dam because they depend on the construction jobs and compensation payments for their livelihood ( even though the dam would ultimately submerge their town under water ) .
Halting the project is seen as a test of the Hatoyama government 's ability to fulfill its promise to revitalize the economy and end Japan 's addiction to massive , often wasteful , government - funded construction projects .
[ More ]
* * * * *
40 .
Sorting out operations [ jigyō shiwake - 事業仕分け ] :
To eliminate wasteful government spending and trim the budget before next April , the new government is employing an innovative method of reassessment called jigyō shiwake ( sorting out operations ) .
Developed by Japan Initiative , a private - sector think tank , the jigyō shiwake method has been used for seven years to streamline budgets and boost efficiency at the local government level .
These budget - cutting panels involve teams of government employees and outside evaluators -- called shiwake - nin -- who work together to prioritize government projects and services one by one .
The teams assess the necessity of each service , decide whether to keep it or outsource it , and determine whether to change the scale of the service and the way it is provided .
[ More ]
* * * * *
41 . Ashuraa [ アシュラー ] :
In spring , a popular exhibit entitled “ The National Treasure Ashura and Masterpieces from Kohfukuji ” was held at the Tokyo National Museum .
The centerpiece of the exhibit was a 8th - century statue of Ashura , a Buddhist deity .
This exhibit attracted over 940,00 visitors -- the most ever for a Japanese art exhibit at the Tokyo National Museum .
Female fans of this and other Ashura statues came to be known as " Ashuraa . " [ More ]
* * * * *
42 . King of Pop [ キング・オブ・ポップ ] : Japanese fans of Michael Jackson mourned his death in June . [ More ]
* * * * *
43 . Flying object [ hishōtai - 飛翔体 ] : Despite international appeals , North Korea proceeded with a long - publicized rocket launch on April 5 .
After the rocket passed over Japan and fell into the Pacific , the Japanese government issued a statement that read : " A short time ago a flying object appeared to have been launched from North Korea . "
A strong message of protest was delivered to North Korea following the incident .
[ More ]
* * * * *
44 . World without nuclear weapons [ kakunaki sekai - 核なき世界 ] :
On April 5 , just hours after North Korea launched a " flying object " over Japan , US President Barack Obama spoke in Prague and called for " a world without nuclear weapons . "
CDs of Obama 's Prague speech , a popular English learning tool in Japan
In mid-November , after a summit meeting with Prime Minister Hatoyama in Tokyo , the two leaders issued a joint statement expressing their determination to realize a nuclear - free world and urge other nations to reduce the role of nuclear weapons in their security strategies .
[ More ]
* * * * *
45 . Complaints [ boyaki - ぼやき ] : Katsuya Nomura , 74 - year - old manager of the Tohoku Rakuten Golden Eagles professional baseball team , attracted attention this year for his habit of voicing colorful complaints during post - game interviews .
Nomura was replaced as manager by American baseballer Marty Brown after the season ended .
[ More ]
* * * * *
46 . Mā-kun , child of god [ maa - kun kami no ko - マー君神の子 ] : " Mā-kun " is the nickname of Masahiro Tanaka , a starting pitcher for the Tohoku Rakuten Golden Eagles .
Manager Katsuya Nomura has called him " kami - no - ko " ( child of god ) for his remarkable ability to help the team win when he is in the lineup .
[ More ]
* * * * *
47 . Players under development [ ikusei senshu - 育成選手 ] :
Under the new player development system adopted by the Nippon Professional Baseball League , teams with more than 65 contracted members can sign players to ikusei contracts and allow them to develop at the minor league level .
[ More ]
* * * * *
48 . Samurai Japan [ 侍ジャパン ] : Japan 's national baseball team -- nicknamed " Samurai Japan " -- successfully defended their championship title at the 2009 World Baseball Classic . [ More ]
* * * * *
49 . Katsumaa [ katsumaa - カツマー ] : " Katsumaa " are fans of Kazuyo Katsuma , a charismatic businesswoman , working mother and author of several best - selling books that have sold millions of copies .
She writes mostly about self - management , work - life balance , gender equality , and how women can achieve greater success .
[ More ]
* * * * *
50 .
Marriage hunting [ konkatsu - 婚活 ] : Konkatsu ( " marriage hunting " ) , which refers to the desperate marriage quest activities among people in their 30s and 40s , was included in this same list of popular phrases last year .
This year the phenomenon became the theme of a few TV dramas , such as Fuji TV's " Konkatsu ! " about an out - of - work 30 - something man whose family owns a tonkatsu ( pork cutlet ) restaurant .
The character pretends to be married in order to obtain a city hall job devoted to reversing the town 's declining birth rate .
[ More ]
* * * * *
51 . Seeking divorce [ rikatsu - 離活 ] :
On the flip side of the konkatsu marriage - hunting phenomenon is rikatsu ( divorce - seeking activities ) .
The two phenomena became the theme of an 8 - episode NHK comedy drama series entitled " Konkatsu Rikatsu " ( Seeking Marriage , Seeking Divorce ) .
The story revolves around the desperate quests of two 40ish - year - old women rivals -- one who seeks marriage and one who seeks divorce .
[ More ]
* * * * *
52 . Nori-P shock [ nori pii shokku - のりピーショック ] : Pop idol - turned - actress Noriko Sakai ( a.k.a. Nori-P ) shocked the celebrity world after she was busted for possessing and using stimulant drugs .
[ More ]
* * * * *
53 . " Seaweed salt " incident [ nori - shio jiken - のり塩事件 ] : Nori-shio ( seaweed salt ) is a play on the names of Noriko Sakai ( nori - " seaweed " ) and singer / actor Manabu Oshio ( shio - " salt " ) , both of whom were arrested on separate drug charges in early August .
The celebrity drug arrests together came to be known as the " nori- shio incident . "
* * * * *
54 . Aburi [ aburi - あぶり ] : Aburi , which ordinarily refers to the act of lightly roasting food , is street - slang for smoking amphetamines .
Following her arrest in August , Noriko Sakai confessed to doing aburi with her husband .
* * * * *
55 . " I did n't want to come to this place " [ konna tokoro kitou wa nakatta - こんなところ来とうはなかった ] :
This is a memorable line from the first episode of " Tenchijin , " a 47 - part weekly drama about the life of 16th - century samurai Naoe Kanetsugu , which aired on NHK from January 4 to November 22 , 2009 .
The famous line belongs to the very upset 5 - year - old Kanetsugu ( known as " Yoroku " in his youth ) , who has been separated from his family and sent to a temple to be educated as a samurai .
The young Kanetsugu is played by child actor Seishiro Kato . [ More ]
* * * * *
56 . Child store manager [ kodomo tenchō - こども店長 ] :
In addition to playing the boy samurai in " Tenchijin , " child actor Seishiro Kato starred as a young store manager in a series of commercials for Toyota . [ More ]
* * * * *
57 . Silver Week [ シルバーウィーク ] :
In the third week of September , Japan enjoyed a 5 - day holiday due to the unusual occurrence of a weekend followed by three public holidays -- Respect for the Aged Day ( third Monday in September ) , Autumnal Equinox Day ( usually September 23 , on Wednesday this year ) , and the " freebie " national holiday that occurs in between two holidays when spaced a day apart .
This string of holidays came to be known as " Silver Week " in reference to the Golden Week holidays in April / May .
* * * * *
58 . Girl power [ joshi- ryoku - 女子力 ] :
The young women 's fashion magazine ( a la JJ and CanCam ) version of " girl power " involves the skilled use of makeup , fashion and taste to boost one 's self - image and feminine appeal .
* * * * *
59 .
Bento men [ bentō danshi - 弁当男子 ] :
A trend sparked by the recession is the rise of so - called " bento men " -- salarymen who prepare bento box lunches at home and take them to the office .
According to a recent survey conducted by a Japanese bank , nearly 10 % of Japanese salarymen now take homemade bentos to work to save money .
[ More ]
* * * * *
60 .
History girls [ re ki- jo - 歴女 ] : Japanese history -- particularly that of the Warring States period ( mid - 15th to early 17th century ) -- has become a hot topic among many young women in Japan .
Called reki-jo ( history girls ) , these newfangled history buffs are reportedly flocking to important historical landmarks and buying up history books , magazines , and samurai - themed knickknacks .
Rogin's " Oda Nobunaga " underwear sells for 9,240 yen ( $ 100 ) a pair
Tokyo - based underwear manufacturer Rogin , which sales a line of samurai - themed underwear , has also reported consistently strong sales .
About 80 % of buyers are women , according to the company .
Researcher Tetsuaki Higashida of the Dentsu Communication Institute suggests history girls may be attracted to samurai for their powerful masculinity -- something many women may find lacking in their modern male counterparts .
" Gender role reversals have been taking place , with men cooking and women playing golf , " he says .
" It 's not unacceptable nowadays for women to take an interest in warlords , which used to be an area of interest reserved for men . " [ More ]
Scientists in Canada are reporting the development of a fast , inexpensive " dipstick " test to identify small amounts of pesticides that may exist in foods and beverages .
Their paper - strip test is more practical than conventional pesticide tests , producing results in minutes rather than hours by means of an easy - to - read color - change , they say .
The study was published in ACS ' Analytical Chemistry , a semi- monthly journal .
John Brennan and colleagues note in the new study that conventional tests for detecting pesticides tend to use expensive and complex equipment and in some cases can take several hours to produce results .
They cite a growing need for cheaper , more convenient , and more eco-friendly tests for pesticides , particularly in the food industry .
A test strip shows a visible color change indicating the presence of pesticides , and advance toward a dipstick test for foods and beverages .
( Photo Credit : The American Chemical Society )
The scientists describe the development of a new paper - based test strip that changes color shades depending on the amount of pesticide present .
In laboratory studies using food and beverage samples intentionally contaminated with common pesticides , the test strips accurately identified minute amounts of pesticides .
The test strips , which produced results in less than 5 minutes , could be particularly useful in developing countries or remote areas that may lack access to expensive testing equipment and electricity , they note .
Source : American Chemical Society
Stay on Top of Enterprise Technology Trends
Get updates impacting your industry from our GigaOm Research Community
A handful of Android - based tablets will be released over the next few months , offering bigger screens and a more immersive experience than smartphones and eschewing bulky QWERTY keyboards in favor of touchscreen navigation .
But is the Android operating system enough to entice users to pony up a few hundred dollars for the gadgets ?
Dell ( s dell ) is rumored to be the next player to join the space at CES in Las Vegas early next year , introducing a device with a 5 - inch screen targeted at UK users .
If that ’s true , the handset would join a rapidly increasing number of Android tablets such as Fusion Garage ’s JooJoo , the Archos 5 , Camangi ’s WebStation and IDC ’s Vega .
While price points have yet to be announced for some of the gadgets , the Android tablets generally fall in the $ 250 - $ 500 range .
They ’ll compete against the Courier , which is being developed by Microsoft ( s msft ) , and a rumored Apple ( s aapl ) tablet said to resemble a larger iPod touch and carry a $ 1,000 price tag .
Sizes can vary dramatically between some of the new tablets , but many are more closely related to mobile Internet devices ( MIDs ) like the iPod touch than to the larger tablets of a few years ago .
With the exception of the touch , though , MIDs have largely failed to gain traction due largely to high price points , a lack of overall functionality and the apparent unwillingness of consumers to carry a connected device in addition to a phone .
That may change , though , as VoIP and other technologies bring voice support to non-cellular mobile devices .
As Kevin over at jkOnTheRun noted yesterday , Google ( s goog )
Talk can be an effective replacement for cellular connectivity , allowing users to easily “ call ” others with minimal losses in call quality .
If Google or another player can bring easy - to - use voice offerings to the new wave of Android tablets — and if Google would add support for the Android Market without forcing users to jump through hoops to access the storefront — the tablet / MID space might finally produce more than just one winner .
SENDING A SIGNAL ….
If you ’ve been following the news the past couple of days , you ’ve no doubt seen plenty of coverage of the attempted terrorism aboard Northwest Airlines Flight 253 .
And while you ’ve also probably seen some political figures rush to get on television —
God help anyone caught between Rep. Pete King ( R - N.Y. ) and a camera — President Obama has remained largely scarce .
Indeed , yesterday , the president went golfing .
Marc Ambinder noted yesterday that there ’s a deliberate White House strategy underway .
Here ’s the theory : a two - bit mook is sent by Al Qaeda to do a dastardly deed .
He winds up neutering himself .
Literally .
Authorities respond appropriately ; the President ( as this president is want to do ) presides over the federal response .
His senior aides speak for him , letting reporters know that he ’s videoconferencing regularly , that he ’s ordering a review of terrorist watch lists , that he ’s discoursing with his Secretary of Homeland Security .
But an in - person Obama statement is n’t needed ; Indeed , a message expressing command , control , outrage and anger might elevate the importance of the deed , would generate panic ( because Obama usually DOESN ’T talk about the specifics of cases like this , and so him deciding to do so would cue the American people to respond in a way that exacerbates the situation . [… ]
Let the authorities do their work .
Do n’t presume ; do n’t panic the country ; do n’t chest - thump , prejudge , interfere , politicize ( in an international sense ) , do n’t give Al Qaeda ( or whomever ) a symbolic victory ; resist the urge to open the old playbook and run a familiar play .
In the Bush / Cheney era , we know officials read from a far different script .
Incidents like these became opportunities to exploit .
Top officials — Bush , Cheney , Rice , Ashcroft , Ridge — would fan out and start hitting the talking points .
There ’d be talk about invading Yemen .
Maybe the Bush gang would get a bump in the polls , maybe Dems and administration critics would hold their fire for a few days .
If they did n’t , the White House could take comfort in knowing that critics would be accused of “ aiding and abetting ” terrorists by attacking the Commander in Chief in the wake of a crisis .
Obama and his team obviously prefer a far more mature , strategic approach .
It ’s about projecting a sense of calm and control .
It ’s about choosing not to elevate some lunatic thug who set himself on fire .
Indeed , notice the pattern throughout the year .
The Obama administration has taken out Saleh al - Somali , Saleh Ali Saleh Nabhan , and Baitullah Mehsud , while taking suspected terrorists Najibullah Zazi , Talib Islam , and Hosam Maher Husein Smadi into custody before they could launch potential attacks .
In each case , there were no high - profile press conferences , no public chest - thumping , no desire to politicize the counter - terrorism successes .
Indeed , most of the country probably never heard a word about any of these developments .
It ’s about competent and effective leadership , and it ’s what the country was sorely lacking up until 11 months ago .
GPipe models the entire graphics pipeline in a purely functional , immutable and typesafe way .
It is built on top of the programmable pipeline ( i.e. non-fixed function ) of OpenGL 2.1 and uses features such as vertex buffer objects ( VBO's ) , texture objects and GLSL shader code synthetisation to create fast graphics programs .
Buffers , textures and shaders are cached internally to ensure fast framerate , and GPipe is also capable of managing multiple windows and contexts .
By creating your own instances of GPipes classes , it 's possible to use additional datatypes on the GPU .
You 'll need full OpenGL 2.1 support , including GLSL 1.20 to use GPipe .
Thanks to OpenGLRaw , you may still build GPipe programs on machines lacking this support .
Worries over finances of some of the world 's governments rippled through financial markets Tuesday , as a series of negative credit - rating actions served as a reminder of the fragility of the global recovery .
Fitch Ratings cut Greece 's credit rating a notch to the lowest level in the 16 - nation euro zone , raising concerns that Athens could be sparking the biggest fiscal crunch the European monetary union has faced in its 10 years .
Moody 's Investors Service sliced ratings even more on Dubai government - controlled companies , renewing ...
MACCLESFIELD , England , Dec. 2 ( UPI ) -- A British couple said they are raising money for their dream wedding in Mexico by creating and selling their own pornographic films .
Lisa Brand , 34 , and Tommy Barnes , 36 , of Macclesfield , England , who have four children together , said they have thus far earned $ 2,163 from three pornographic films and are planning four more movies before their June wedding in Cancun , The Sun reported Wednesday .
Advertisement
" I have told my mum and most of my friends .
They understand .
It 's always been our dream to have a fairytale wedding , " Brand said .
The scenes created by the couple include a threesome , a hot wax scene inspired by Madonna 's 1993 movie " Body of Evidence " and Brand spanking Barnes with a paddle .
" It 's our five minutes of fame -- something to look back on when we 're older .
It has brought us closer together , " Barnes said .
Building will take place in three Jewish neighbourhoods all considered illegal settlements under international law
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
Israel is to build 700 homes in East Jerusalem , defying requests from the international community and the Palestinian Authority to halt construction .
Building will take place in three Jewish neighbourhoods in East Jerusalem , all considered illegal settlements under international law , although Israel does not accept this definition .
Israel announced a 10 - month partial freeze on settlement activity last month , in response to international pressure , a move which the prime minister , Binyamin Netanyahu , described as a " far - reaching and painful step " .
However , the freeze does not include East Jerusalem , which was captured by Israel in the 1967 war , along with the West Bank and Gaza .
" From day one , we made a clear distinction between the West Bank and Jerusalem , " said Mark Regev , the Israeli government spokesman .
" Jerusalem is our capital and will remain as such . "
Palestinians view East Jerusalem as the capital of their future state , and the PA has refused to resume negotiations with Israel until it adheres to a complete halt on all settlement activity .
" We condemn this in the strongest possible terms , " said Saeb Erekat , the chief Palestinian negotiator .
But Regev said : " There has never been a precondition , this is a hardening of the Palestinian position , " , adding that a freeze on activity in East Jerusalem is " not going to happen " .
In mid-November , Israel announced plans to build 900 homes in the settlement of Gilo , south of Jerusalem .
" We ask Israel , 'if this is your moratorium , what is actual settlement activity ? ' " said Erekat .
" I hope that this will be an eye - opener to America , Britain and others , to the real extent of what is being done on the ground . "
A White House spokesman , Robert Gibbs , said the US opposed " new Israeli construction in East Jerusalem .
Neither party should engage in efforts or take actions that could unilaterally pre-empt , or appear to pre-empt , negotiations . "
Oreo Ball Recipe
Oreo Balls Ingredients
Preparing your Oreo Balls
Mix things up !
Oreo's have always been one of my favorite cookies so when I first found out that it is possible to make an amazing recipe that most people had never heard out of them I was all over them like a fat kid on cake ( or on Oreos I guess ) .
To make this recipe even easier , it only requires four different ingredients and does n't require you to use your oven making Oreo balls a fantastic treat for Office pot lucks or for entertaining your friends this holiday season .
If you have not heard of Oreo balls you might have heard of them under a different name ; reindeer droppings !
While reindeer droppings sounds a little less attractive the kids around the house will find them even more fun to munch on .
These treats are very sweet and are quite rich , so while they are delicious they are also very rich and filling which means you know that a few dozen
Oreo balls is going to last a lot longer than a few dozen chicken wings .1 18 oz bag of crushed Oreo cookies8 oz of whipped cream cheese or softened cream cheese2 cups milk chocolate chips ( semi sweet if you like it a little less sweet ) 1 tablespoon shortening
First of all , get out your electric mixer and start mixing the cream cheese until it is light and fluffy .
Next add the crushed oreos and beat on high until they are well mixed .
Place your mixture in the freezer for a couple of hours to harden up the mixture .
Roll the Oreo mixture into balls roughly one inch in diameterMelt the chocolate chips and shortening in the microwave for as long as needed to completely melt the chipsusing a tooth pick , dip each Oreo ball into the liquid chocolate coating each of them completely Place the dipped Oreo balls on waxed paper to cool .
Store the Oreo balls / reindeer droppings in your freezer or fridgeThis should yeild three to four dozen
Oreo balls depending how large you make each one .
If you want to try different variations of these Oreo Balls , try melting different kind of chips .
Try Reases peanut butter chips or mint chocolate chips for even more Oreo variety !
It 's 9 p.m. and I 've lost my fifth straight game of Madden NFL Arcade to the same person , each time by 30 - 0 .
My opponent has a gamerscore of more than 165,000 .
But it 's not because she 's good at football .
Advertisement
" I hate sports games , " Kristen says with a weary laugh , reminding me for about the fifth time this Thursday night " I had to ask someone what a sack was .
They said it 's when you tackle the quarterback .
I said , ' Which one is the quarterback ? ' "
Only in name are Kristen and I playing Madden NFL Arcade .
Instead we are " boosting , " - throwing games to each other , more or less , to rack up multiplayer achievements .
I 've already gotten 50 points the easy way .
Now it 's her turn .
Advertisement
It is a substantial part of how Kristen , whose last name I 'm withholding out of concern for her privacy , has become , according to one leading compilation , the No. 4 ranking woman , worldwide , in Gamerscore .
Her tag is CRU x360a - go ahead , look it up .
Kristen - CRU or Crubie to some online - is a 24 - year - old stay - at - home mom in northwest Indiana .
You call her extremely motivated .
You can call her obsessed .
You can also call her an achievement whore , like she has n't heard that from every piss - ant with a 5,000 gamerscore in the underground zone .
Bottom line , she 's is really effective at piling up her gamerscore .
But she 's not sure when , or if , she will stop .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
A Race to the Top
" It was a friendly race at the time , " Kristen says of the beginning , three years ago , when she got serious about her Gamerscore .
" It was to 20,000 .
My buddy was at 15,000 and I was at 13 , I was 2,000 behind him .
I said , ' OK , this might take years . '
Advertisement
Kristen had bought an Xbox 360 in early 2007 and , like most , it was n't because it offered achievements .
She was a multiplayer gamer on a few titles she enjoyed - shooters mostly .
Then she joined a Gamerscore league .
And then she got into this side bet .
" Once I found sites that had guides on which were the easy games , I beat ( 20,000 ) in like a month and a half , " she says .
" It got me hooked and it was like a drug .
A bad drug .
A bad habit . "
Advertisement
Soon enough Kristen managed to fall in with some elite players in the achievement grinding world .
One , named Smrnov , who is the global No. 10 on MyGamerCard , praises Kristen 's team - spirited achievement hunting .
" CRU was unselfish in the help she offered our team , and has always been reliable for getting the game time in , which is a very hard trait to find for spanning so many different games , versus a single one , " he says .
Stallion83 , the global No. 2 on that list , played with Kristen in those early days , and was most recently her boosting partner on Damnation - a terribly received game .
( " We managed to have fun talking about The Leprechaun movies , " he says .
" Party chat has made some of these games less painful . " )
Advertisement
" She was just a nice person , " Stallion83 recalls , " like one of the dudes .
Most girls cause drama and try to get attention .
I did n't see that with CRU . "
Both he and Smrnov heap praise on Kristen 's FPS skill .
" A great FPS player , " says Smrnov .
" In addition , she 's very good about figuring out the best strategy for completing a game quickly and doing all associated research .
She has both gaming skills and gamerscore skills . "
But that does n't keep Kristen from going after the kids ' stuff , too .
Last week , Spongebob : Truth or Square put her over 165,000 .
It 's a cute detail but it barely scratches the surface of Kristen 's performance over the past three years .
Nor does the four - game Gamefly subscription , in constant rotation .
That 's to be expected .
And the shelf full of games , many of them years old and still waiting to be played , well , what would you consider impressive ?
A hundred and sixty ?
Advertisement
She bought Jumper : Griffin's Story - one of the worst reviewed games ever in Xbox 360 history .
The day Modern Warfare 2 was released , she spent all her time on Cloudy With a Chance of Meatballs .
American Idol ?
She put the microphone in front of a speaker and played songs into it to ace the performances that much faster .
It did n't work for Sing It : High School Musical or Hannah Montana , so , she had to belt those out herself .
" They 're easy enough songs ;
It 's not bad , there 's no one looking at me while I 'm playing it , " Kristen says , " but my friends ( on Xbox Live ) see it , and all the guys can't believe I 'm playing that game . "
Advertisement
Remember that deal a few months back , when a someone tried to round up a 1,000 players to log in to NBA Live 07 and get the 100 gamerscore achievement for 1,000 players being online at the same time ?
Kristen was a part of that , with two versions of the game , one she had to go out and find for $ 3 at a game store , and the other playing on her Japanese 360 .
Advertisement
Yes , she has an NTSC : J console .
Kristen got that to play BioShock 's Korean version , which has a separate achievement list .
She 's gotten 1,000 gamerscore in 50 Cent : Blood on the Sand .
She 's gotten 1,000 gamerscore in 50 Cent : Blood on the Sand in Japanese .
" I have n't even opened the Saint 's Row 2 Japanese version , or the Saint 's Row 1 for that matter , " Kristen says .
She 's eyeballing a PAL console , but even an Arcade will be close to $ 300 with shipping and , " Do I really need to play BioShock again ? "
Advertisement
Some of the region - locked Japanese games she plays are bought by pooling money with Stallion83 , Smrnov and others in the ultra - gamerscore crowd , and the group then trades the discs around by mail .
One game , Clannad , was picked for its low - hanging fruit .
It 's a " visual novel , " sometimes called a dating sim , but as the choices are all text - based the gameplay should be pretty easy , right ?
" It 's a text game , and you have to choose A or B , you only have these text options , " Kristen said .
" But I 'm sitting there on Google Translate trying to translate these strategy guides and match up ( Japanese ) characters to make my choices .
And I 'm thinking ' Why the hell did I buy a Japanese Xbox and this game , this is just retarded . '
It 's so embarrassing trying to match characters to a language I do n't even know .
I 've spent $ 400 on a game I can't even read . "
Advertisement
It makes me wonder .
These are called games .
And technically , she 's playing them .
But is this even fun ?
Is this ever fun ?
" I definitely play more games I do n't enjoy than games I do , " she says .
" Like , maybe 65 percent of the games I play I do n't enjoy . "
Advertisement
Kristen 's husband does n't even know why she sticks with it , if something like CSI : Hard Evidence is so unfulfilling for her to play .
Advertisement
" Sometimes I 'll be playing , and he 'll ask , ' Did I have to buy that or did someone else buy it ? ' "
Kristen says .
" And I 'm like , ' Do you want the truth or do you want me to lie to you ? '
And he walks away , saying ' I can't believe you 're playing that . '
To me that 's more embarrassing than playing Disney : Sing It . "
A Mother 's Work
Kristen is careful to remind me that she does have a life outside of gaming .
" I 'm an avid paintball player ; I have my own gun , although that 's also another expensive hobby , " she says .
" But yeah , I 'd much rather go out to a bar , go bowling , play darts or pool than sit at home and boost games all night .
I 'm still young . "
Advertisement
She 's also the mother of a six - year - old girl .
You can do the math there , it means Kristen became a mom at age 18 .
Before then , she was a rather typical kid , if a little tomboyish , and absolutely delighted by video games .
Kristen says she 's played them since she was five .
When she lived with her parents , new games and new consoles were common , especially around the holidays .
When she had her daughter and moved out of the home , her original Xbox and her beloved NES - which she still has even though it wo n't work - stayed behind .
The Xbox 360 she bought a little more than three years ago marked her re-entry to games since having her daughter .
Sometimes mother and daughter play - Spongebob was one such example .
But Kristen had to load up one of the five other gamertags she keeps on the console for family and friends to play .
Boosting games might sound out of bounds to some gamers , but it 's entirely within the ultra - gamerscore ethos .
What is n't , however , is having anyone get an achievement for you .
Even your six - year - old girl .
Advertisement
" She climbed up and said , ' Let me play , ' so I said , ' Just a second , ' and put her up with another ( gamertag ) and let her play , " Kristen says .
" Sometimes she 'll say ' Look , Mom , I got an achievement too ! '
She gets excited . "
This is n't something Kristen wants to encourage .
" I do n't want her to get addicted like I am though , " Kristen says .
" She does n't really see me play too much , actually . "
Advertisement
Her husband , Jeff , does n't game much at all himself .
He owns a towing business that provides a comfortable lifestyle and accommodates both his interests and Kristen 's gaming .
He 's rather mellow about all the time she spends with games , if not the money , and keeps both in perspective .
Some guys have wives who spend a ton of money on clothes , or dislike spending as much time around the house as she does .
" I have some hobbies myself that are fairly pricey and I can't really blame her for that , " Jeff says .
" However , occasionally a string of new games will come out within a two day span and magically a few hundred dollars will be missing from the bank account .
With as much time as she has allotted for video games and the kid I can account for her whereabouts at any given moment so I 'm certain that she is n't cheating on me . "
Advertisement
Even pressed for a ballpark estimate , Kristen does n't know how much her obsession with Gamerscore has cost in the preceding three years .
" My pro system is $ 250 , my Japanese console cost $ 400 , the hard drive I put on it was $ 50 - I do n't want to see the number , and I 'm sure Jeff does n't want to see it , " she says .
" But I think it would be cool to know . "
There 's another number about which she seems even less enthusiastic , though .
And that 's the next big milestone for her gamerscore .
Advertisement
Calling It a Career
Two hundred thousand .
According to MyGamerCard , only one other woman has a total that high ( with a second very close to reaching it . )
And yet when Kristen brings it up , it 's with a tone of voice that ponders what she will do then .
It 's almost like she does n't want to get there , for what it will force her to consider .
Advertisement
The simplest answer is by far easier said than done : Just quit .
" I keep saying when I get 200,000 gamerscore , I 'm going to retire , " Kristen says .
" There are people who do that .
I say it now , but I do n't think you can ever actually quit .
It 's like a drug .
It is addicting . "
And she uses that word often enough that I figure I should bring up the subject .
Carefully .
I would never say video game addiction is n't real , knowing that real people do indeed battle it .
I also believe it 's a topic given to alarmism .
And I 'm not a psychiatrist , so it 's not my place to go diagnosing other people 's behavior .
But I ask Kristen anyway .
Maybe , has she ever considered talking to someone about her gaming ?
Advertisement
" I would n't say I need to talk to someone , " Kristen says after considering the question for a long moment .
" I 'm not hurting someone by doing this .
My family life is not being hurt .
Granted , it 's like an addiction , but I 'm not hurting anyone .
Well , I 'm getting little sleep sometimes , but that 's on me .
Advertisement
" Besides , I saw where someone had gone to be treated at a rehab center for video games , and it was something like $ 30,000 a year , and I thought , ' Do you know how many Xboxes and games I could buy with this ? ' " she says , without a trace of irony .
" I do n't think so . "
When Kristen is most at ease with her gamerscore is when it describes how she 's good at something .
How she 's figured out a way to beat the system ; or how she 's actually put in the time to get the " General " achievement in Call of Duty 3 - getting 40,000 points in ranked matches - to collect a rare 100 + gamerscore achievement .
Advertisement
" It 's very much a personal pride thing , being ranked in the top five in the world in something , whether it 's gaming or the fact I 'm a female gamer , " Kristen says .
" I 'm never going to be in the Olympics , so I 'll be a great gamer .
It 's something I know I 'm good at . "
But I hope when she breaks 200,000 she can put the controller down .
She spent the first three years of her adulthood being a mom .
I suggest to Kristen that , maybe , she 's spent the last three in front of a console , trying to get some of that lost time back .
Advertisement
Kristen ponders this , and seems to agree .
" Maybe , " she says .
Maybe then she can call it even .
Addendum on August 18 , 2013 : Please note that there is more recent data on acrylamide content in common foods - you can view some of this data here : What About Acrylamide In Coffee ?
In July of 2006 , the United States Food and Drug Administration released the results of its latest research on the acrylamide content of common foods .
The top 20 foods by average acrylamide intake by the U.S. population are as follows :
French Fries ( made in restaurants ) French Fries ( oven baked ) Potato Chips Breakfast Cereals Cookies Brewed Coffee Toast Pies and Cakes Crackers Soft Bread Chile con Carne Corn Snacks Popcorn Pretzels Pizza Burrito / Tostada Peanut Butter Breaded Chicken Bagels Soup Mix
Acrylamide has been shown to cause cancer in animals .
Exposure to large doses of acrylamide has also been shown to cause neurological damage in humans .
Acrylamide tends to form when foods that are high in carbohydrates and / or an amino acid called asparagine are cooked at high temperatures .
Cooking methods that tend to require high temperatures - like frying , roasting , and baking - are more likely to cause acrylamide formation in food .
Non-cooked and boiled foods almost never contain detectable levels of acrylamide .
The top two food groups listed above - French fries and potato chips - are two of the most damaging foods to human health .
Despite the creation of " healthy " varieties of French fries and potato chips like New York Fries - Fried in 100 % Non-Hydrogenated Sunflower Oil and Trader Joe 's Veggie Chips Potato Snacks , it 's important to know that all French fries and potato chips that have been deep - fried in oil are heavily laced with acrylamide and pose a significant threat to one 's health .
What follows is the most recent survey data on acrylamide in food by the U.S. FDA .
Girls ' expectations that they can " have it all " may be overly ambitious and they should not feel guilty for taking time out of future careers to raise children , a leading headmistress said today .
Schools need to teach teenage girls about the realities of juggling a career with having children , and that life is more complicated than " having it all " , according to Jill Berry , president of the Girls ' Schools Association ( GSA ) .
While it is " healthy " for girls to aim to have " a flash sports car with a baby seat in the back " , they need to realise that they will face challenges and have to make choices in life , she said .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Speaking ahead of the GSA 's annual conference in Harrogate next week , Mrs Berry told the Times Educational Supplement : " They will need to realise that there may be times when they might not want to work , or they might want to take a lesser job because their priorities have changed .
It is important that they leave school at 18 with their eyes open . "
Mrs Berry said that girls should " stop beating themselves up " if they cannot juggle a career with being a wife and mother at the same time .
" Your priorities shift , but you 're not selling out - you are facing reality and trying to be realistic about what you can achieve and you should stop beating yourself up about it , " she said .
Most women are unable to " keep all the plates spinning " , Mrs Berry , who is also head of Dame Alice Harpur School in Bedford , said .
Message in recent years have led girls to expect that they can " have it all " , but this has made life seem simpler than it is , she said .
But she said girls should still be taught that they can be independent and compete with men in the workplace .
" When my pupils try to wind me up by saying they plan to marry a rich man to support them , I ask them ' what if he runs off with the au pair ? " '
Santa Fu !
* Please allow time for the game to load as it's roughly 3 megs .*
Controls :
Arrow Keys = Walk / Jump / Squat
A or Z = Kick
S or X = Punch
P = Pause
1 - 6 = Music Select
You 'll need the Flash player plug - in to play this game .
If the controls are unresponsive , click your mouse inside the game window to activate it .
* People with slower connections / computers , try out the new DOWNLOADABLE VERSION !*
We hope you enjoy this special Christmas game and good luck getting on the high scores list !
Happy Holidays !
Please show your support and Vote for this game on Newgrounds !
CLICK HERE !
Have any questions or comments about this game ?
EMAIL US !
Mistletoe
Mistletoe is especially interesting botanically because it is a partial parasite ( a " hemiparasite " ) .
As a parasitic plant , it grows on the branches or trunk of a tree and actually sends out roots that penetrate into the tree and take up nutrients .
But mistletoe is also capable for growing on its own ; like other plants it can produce its own food by photosynthesis .
Mistletoe , however , is more commonly found growing as a parasitic plant .
There are two types of mistletoe .
The mistletoe that is commonly used as a Christmas decoration ( Phoradendron flavescens ) is native to North America and grows as a parasite on trees in the west as also in those growing in a line down the east from New Jersey to Florida .
The other type of mistletoe , Viscum album , is of European origin .
The European mistletoe is a green shrub with small , yellow flowers and white , sticky berries which are considered poisonous .
It commonly seen on apple but only rarely on oak trees .
The rarer oak mistletoe was greatly venerated by the ancient Celts and Germans and used as a ceremonial plant by early Europeans .
The Greeks and earlier peoples thought that it had mystical powers and down through the centuries it became associated with many folklore customs .
The Plant :
Mistletoe is especially interesting botanically because it is a partial parasite ( a " hemiparasite " ) .
As a parasitic plant , it grows on the branches or trunk of a tree and actually sends out roots that penetrate into the tree and take up nutrients .
But mistletoe is also capable for growing on its own ; like other plants it can produce its own food by photosynthesis .
Mistletoe , however , is more commonly found growing as a parasitic plant .
There are two types of mistletoe .
The mistletoe that is commonly used as a Christmas decoration ( Phoradendron flavescens ) is native to North America and grows as a parasite on trees from New Jersey to Florida .
The other type of mistletoe , Viscum album , is of European origin .
The European mistletoe is a green shrub with small , yellow flowers and white , sticky berries which are considered poisonous .
It commonly seen on apple but only rarely on oak trees .
The rarer oak mistletoe was greatly venerated by the ancient Celts and Germans and used as a ceremonial plant by early Europeans .
The Greeks and earlier peoples thought that it had mystical powers and down through the centuries it became associated with many folklore customs .
The Mistletoe Magic :
From the earliest times mistletoe has been one of the most magical , mysterious , and sacred plants of European folklore .
It was considered to bestow life and fertility ; a protection against poison ; and an aphrodisiac .
The mistletoe of the sacred oak was especially sacred to the ancient Celtic Druids .
On the sixth night of the moon white - robed Druid priests would cut the oak mistletoe with a golden sickle .
Two white bulls would be sacrificed amid prayers that the recipients of the mistletoe would prosper .
Later , the ritual of cutting the mistletoe from the oak came to symbolize the emasculation of the old King by his successor .
Mistletoe was long regarded as both a sexual symbol and the " soul " of the oak .
It was gathered at both mid-summer and winter solstices , and the custom of using mistletoe to decorate houses at Christmas is a survival of the Druid and other pre-Christian traditions .
The Greeks also thought that it had mystical powers and down through the centuries it became associated with many folklore customs .
In the Middle Ages and later , branches of mistletoe were hung from ceilings to ward off evil spirits .
In Europe they were placed over house and stable doors to prevent the entrance of witches .
It was also believed that the oak mistletoe could extinguish fire .
This was associated with an earlier belief that the mistletoe itself could come to the tree during a flash of lightning .
The traditions which began with the European mistletoe were transferred to the similar American plant with the process of immigration and settlement .
Kissing under the mistletoe :
Kissing under the mistletoe is first found associated with the Greek festival of Saturnalia and later with primitive marriage rites .
They probably originated from two beliefs .
One belief was that it has power to bestow fertility .
It was also believed that the dung from which the mistletoe would also possess " life - giving " power .
In Scandinavia , mistletoe was considered a plant of peace , under which enemies could declare a truce or warring spouses kiss and make - up .
Later , the eighteenth - century English credited with a certain magical appeal called a kissing ball .
At Christmas time a young lady standing under a ball of mistletoe , brightly trimmed with evergreens , ribbons , and ornaments , cannot refuse to be kissed .
Such a kiss could mean deep romance or lasting friendship and goodwill .
If the girl remained unkissed , she can not expect not to marry the following year .
In some parts of England the Christmas mistletoe is burned on the twelfth night lest all the boys and girls who have kissed under it never marry .
Whether we believe it or not , it always makes for fun and frolic at Christmas celebrations .
Even if the pagan significance has been long forgotten , the custom of exchanging a kiss under the mistletoe can still be found in many European countries as well as in Canada .
Thus if a couple in love exchanges a kiss under the mistletoe , it is interpreted as a promise to marry , as well as a prediction of happiness and long life .
In France , the custom linked to mistletoe was reserved for New Year 's Day : " Au gui l'An neuf " ( Mistletoe for the New Year ) .
Today , kisses can be exchanged under the mistletoe any time during the holiday season .
The Legend :
For its supposedly mystical power mistletoe has long been at the center of many folklore .
One is associated with the Goddess Frigga .
The story goes that Mistletoe was the sacred plant of Frigga , goddess of love and the mother of Balder , the god of the summer sun .
Balder had a dream of death which greatly alarmed his mother , for should he die , all life on earth would end .
In an attempt to keep this from happening , Frigga went at once to air , fire , water , earth , and every animal and plant seeking a promise that no harm would come to her son .
Balder now could not be hurt by anything on earth or under the earth .
But Balder had one enemy , Loki , god of evil and he knew of one plant that Frigga had overlooked in her quest to keep her son safe .
It grew neither on the earth nor under the earth , but on apple and oak trees .
It was lowly mistletoe .
So Loki made an arrow tip of the mistletoe , gave to the blind god of winter , Hoder , who shot it , striking Balder dead .
The sky paled and all things in earth and heaven wept for the sun god .
For three days each element tried to bring Balder back to life .
He was finally restored by Frigga , the goddess and his mother .
It is said the tears she shed for her son turned into the pearly white berries on the mistletoe plant and in her joy Frigga kissed everyone who passed beneath the tree on which it grew .
The story ends with a decree that who should ever stand under the humble mistletoe , no harm should befall them , only a kiss , a token of love .
What could be more natural than to translate the spirit of this old myth into a Christian way of thinking and accept the mistletoe as the emblem of that Love which conquers Death ?
Its medicinal properties , whether real or imaginary , make it a just emblematic of that Tree of Life , the leaves of which are for the healing of the nations thus paralleling it to the Virgin Birth of Christ .
Back to History Main
Desertec Dreams Can Saharan Solar Power Save Europe ?
Some say it 's a foolish fantasy , others believe it has the potential to save the world from the effects of climate change .
The German - led Desertec initiative to build massive solar thermal power plants in the Sahara Desert has both advocates and critics .
SPIEGEL ONLINE looks at the current state of play .
Him se yldesta andswarode ; werodes wisa , wordhord onleac .
" That noblest of men answered him ; the leader of the warrior band unlocked his wordhoard . "
The Google Phone could be a ploy to upset the wireless industry , or it could be an expensive niche device .
Either way , it'd be a bid to take Android back from the companies that seem hell - bent on destroying it .
Advertisement
Android 's most serious problem right now is fragmentation : with each new phone , it seems , comes a different version of the OS .
In theory , these differences are superficial , and come down to handset manufacturers ' and carriers ' custom interfaces , which sit atop a mostly unchanged Android core .
In practice , it 's much worse .
Advertisement
Just look at the current top tier of Android devices .
The Motorola Droid runs Android 2.0 .
The HTC MyTouch 3G and G1 on T - Mobile run Android 1.6 .
The HTC Hero , a newer phone than the MyTouch and the G1 , is still stuck on 1.5 , along with the even newer Motorola Cliq , which shares one parent — Motorola — with the 2.0 - loaded Droid .
Why is this something to worry about ?
Remember Google Maps Navigation , the free turn - by - turn app for Android ?
It only works on Android 2.0 and 1.6 .
An app written by Google does n't even work on every new Google phone .
Imagine how things are with third party apps .
( Spoiler : it 's a shitshow . )
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Google 's been fairly diligent about updating the free , open - source heart of Android moving forward at a steady pace , and supplying handset manufacturers with the tools they need to keep their handsets running the latest software .
That said , Google still deserves some of the blame here .
That their software updates include new , exclusive functionality is fine on its own .
And yeah , their eagerness to allow for Android to be skinned and deeply customized by handset manufacturers is fine on its own — in fact , it 's implicit in the project 's open source ethos .
But mixed together , these ambitions create a gurgling software slurry of incompatibility , user experience inconsistency and general frustration .
( See : Samsung Behold II )
So what happened ?
Advertisement
The problem is in the model .
Android updates seed out through carriers , over the air or with special installers .
This is because the updates are their responsibility : once handset manufacturers ( and carriers , through handset manufacturers ) have built their own version of Android , they 've effectively taken it out of the development stream .
Updating it is their responsibility , which they have to choose to uphold .
Or not !
Who cares ?
The phones are already sold .
And there 's very little to motivate a carrier or handset manufacturer to update their Android phones , because the consequences tend to fall on Google : If Android fragments , the App Market does n't work .
The public sours .
Android starts to suck .
This is where the Nexus One comes in .
Sold without a carrier , software updates for the Nexus One will be in Google 's hands .
They will be able to keep it up to date as Android develops , without having to depend on some other company — or companies — not to drop the ball .
Users wo n't have to bother learning Google 's esoteric dessert - themed version codenames , and life will be better .
This approach to software updates already has a case study : the iPhone .
There 's a good reason Apple did n't entrust AT&T with keeping the iPhone up to date , and that they did n't want the company that actually manufacturers the phone —
Foxconn — to have any responsibility for its software .
Smartphone software is finicky and complicated , and so is the experience of using it .
It needs to be tightly controlled to remain consistent , and because apps are the most important part of a smartphone platform nowadays , consistency is life or death .
Advertisement
Without totally changing what the Android project is , Google can't put an absolute stop to fragmentation .
What they can do is provide an example of how an Android phone should be done .
With the Nexus One , Google probably is n't getting into the business of making hardware ; they 're just trying , in their passive , Googly way , to regain control of a project that 's spiraling toward chaos .
Update : Some input from someone who works in a major carrier 's device development group :
There is TONS of incentive for carriers to update their
software .
Take a look at Verizon hosting the only Android 2.0 device .
Are you going to tell me that Sprint and T - Mobile would n't love to
have their Android devices on 2.0 yesterday ?
The truth is , there 's very little incentive for the Handset maker to
provide an update .
All those phones are already sold and in the
carrier 's inventory .
Any investment in updating those models will
bring them no additional cash flow .
However focusing on their next
model will .
Advertisement
He 's partly right : carriers have a motivation to keep their software up to date , in that they are the ones who have to deal most with customers .
Handset manufacturers are the one 's with the least motivation , since their sale has already been made .
But in branding a handset with their name , effectively selling it as their product , and assuming responsibility for seeding updates , a carrier becomes responsible for making sure their customers have up - to - date software , and exerting pressure on handset manufacturers if they do n't hold up their end .
— Thanks ,
David !
Like with any car , an alert message or maintenance light that will not go away , despite clearing …
99 red balloons led to war , so people started tossing pink ones .
Aperture Priority thinks of you and lets it go .
Donny Brook issues the delightful " Have a cookie " invitation : Tool provides the recipe .
Und keine eier !
It 's not easy having a good time during war , but Squirt The Daisies will make you smile until your face aches .
How low can Sir Nose go ?
Some people in the development world argue that microlending has been oversold , and there has been a bit of a backlash against it lately  including a “ no pago ” movement here in Nicaragua .
This “ do n’t pay ” effort has been orchestrated by the leftist government of President Daniel Ortega .
I do n’t agree with the criticisms of microloans , for I ’ve seen how tiny loans can truly transform people ’s lives by giving them the means to start small businesses .
Even so , there ’s evidence that the most powerful element of microfinance is microsavings , not microloans .
One of the ugly secrets of global poverty is that a good deal of suffering is caused not only by low incomes but also by bad spending decisions .
Research suggests that the world ’s poorest families ( typically the men in those families ) spend about 20 percent of their incomes on a combination of alcohol , cigarettes , prostitution , soft drinks and extravagant festivals .
In one village here in Nicaragua where children were having to drop out of elementary school because they could n’t afford notebooks , a midwife , Andrea Machado Garcia , estimated to me that if a man earned $ 150 working in the mountains as a day laborer during the coffee harvest , he might spend $ 50 on alcohol and women and bring back $ 100 to support his family .
Image Nicaraguan villagers , members of a savings group organized by Catholic Relief Services , hold the lockbox containing their savings .
Credit ... Nicholas D. Kristof / The New York Times
One challenge is that those men do n’t have a good , secure way to save money , and neither do poor people generally .
It just sits around , itching to be spent .
It ’s also vulnerable to theft , covetous family members and demands for loans from relatives .
In West Africa , money collectors called susus operate informal banks but charge an annualized rate of 40 percent on deposits .
Yes , you read that right .
You pay a 40 percent interest rate on your savings !
CBO Scores Senate Climate Bill – Will Save $ 21 Billion in First 10 Years
December 16th , 2009 by Susan Kraemer
The newest iteration of the climate bill in congress has just been scored by the non partisan congressional budget office and , as with the previous climate bill ( Waxman - Markey in the House ) the Senate bill would save money .
( It would cut carbon emissions too , potentially saving trillions in items like flood relief not paid out too , etc , but that is not a knowable sum , so the money saved by not destroying our climate does n’t come into the CBO scoring . )
[ social_buttons ]
In scoring the Clean Energy Jobs and American Power Act , the CBO included the effects of the many counteractions that would result throughout the economy in response to pollution costs entering the equation for the first time .
One example is how much revenue might be lost to the Federal Government because more companies would be likely to replace fossil energy with renewable energy , and thus be eligible to take advantage of the 30 % tax credits , reducing taxable income .
Also , a cap and trade market that would be worth about $ 80 billion by 2012 would allow people as well as companies to trade allowances .
Homeowners who could reduce their fossil fuel use would be able to earn money , just like businesses who did the same .
Like Waxman - Markey in the House , the Senate ’s Clean Energy Jobs and American Power Act would cap emissions from electricity and from other industrial activities beginning in 2012 .
About 7,400 facilities would be affected .
Mandates would require utilities , manufacturers , and other entities to reduce greenhouse gas emissions through cap - and - trade programs and performance standards .
The Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) would regulate two cap and trade programs , one to reduce the greenhouse gases ( GHGs ) carbon dioxide , methane , nitrous oxide , sulfur hexafluoride , perfluorocarbons and nitrogen trifluoride – and a separate cap and trade program to reduce hydrofluorocarbons ( HFCs ) a new , indirect climate risk .
The EPA already runs a cap and trade program to reduce NOx and SOx ( that cause acid rain ) which cut both chemicals 50 % in 20 years .
The costs to polluters would make it more profitable to figure out how to co-produce energy , for example with waste to energy , combined heat and power , and other technologies , or find alternatives for polluting substances .
The CBO estimated that HFC pollution alone could be lowered 50 % by 2020 .
The bill is sponsored by Environment Committee Chairwoman Barbara Boxer .
It would require U.S. emissions curbs of 20 percent by 2020 and 83 percent by 2050 .
The committee approved the bill with no GOP support , after many attempts to get the Republicans to even show up .
After Senator Inhofe led a walkout , Senator Boxer reported the bill out of committee .
The bill would increase federal revenues by about $ 854 billion ; and increase direct spending by about $ 833 billion .
In other words , it would not only not add to the Federal deficit , but it would create money ; reducing the deficit .
About $ 21 billion between 2010 and 2019 .
More in each decade for the next four decades .
Related stories :
Cap and Trade 101 : Why “ Free ” Allowances Are OK
Cap and Trade 101 : How a “ Cap ” Ensures Carbon Reductions
76 % of Cap and Trade Bill Allowances Benefit People Not Polluters
Waxman - Markey Cap and Trade Will Pay For Itself , CBO Finds
Image : Flikr user niOS
Source : Congressional Budget Office
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
Dear family ,
If you were wondering " what does Devin want for Christmas ? ? , " please follow the below link and choose from a number of great products :
http://fromharmtohome.org/
Do not worry , I have done thorough research on the organization and it is legitimate .
Also , a close friend from high school used to work with them and can vouch .
The International Rescue Committee ( IRC ) was founded in 1933 at the request of the head of the International Relief Association ( IRA ) , Albert Einstein , in order to assist Germans suffering under Hitler ( sean - hope I have your attention ) .
Since then the IRC has provided aid to Refugees fleeing from conflicts in Vietnam , Zaire , East Pakistan , Uganda , Chile , Soviet Union , Lebanon , El Salvador , Poland , Rwanda , Yugoslavia , Iraq , and most recently Afghanistan .
For over 75 years , the International Rescue Committee has been a leader in humanitarian relief .
They mobilize quickly , bringing sustained support to regions devastated by violence and deprivation .
The most important aspect of their mission , in my mind , is that they provide hope to extremely vulnerable populations .
I will explain what that means in a minute .
First , I 'm sure you 're asking at this point .. " uh .. is he serious ?
Is n't he a Marine ?
Has he gone soft ?
Is this spam ??.. "
Nope , just hang with me .
Providing support to a population who have become refugees as a result of
armed conflict benefits more than just those individuals .
It benefits you , your family , and your MARINES fighting abroad .
How you ask ?
I shall explain :
As I 'm sure you can imagine , refugee camps are a terrible place .
They are filled with displaced individuals who are jobless , moneyless , education - less , hungry , and angry because they were forced from their
home / family ( directly or indirectly ) and moved to a trash heap in a countr that does n't want them .
The depression that results from this environment breeds something called " hopelessness , " especially in youths .
Back in my F&M days while studying the Hopelessness Theory of Depression I learned that experiences in such negative environments can lead to the formation of dysfunctional beliefs , which in turn lead to negative self views , which in turn leads to depression , followed by desperation .
THIS is why you have a " vulnerable population " within these refugee camps .
Desperate people are easily exploited .
Many terrorist organizations or extremist groups recognize this and are taking advantage of the social and psychological dysfunction within these camps to breed dysfunctional beliefs ( Radical Islamic Extremism ) and recruit suicide bombers .
You often wonder , " how can someone walk into a crowded square and blow themselves up ? "
Research refugee camps on the border of conflict ridden regions and Im sure you will understand how easy it would be for an al - Qaida operative to recruit individuals using promises of hope , meaning to life , and a guaranteed spot in heaven .
A large majority of the suicide bombers who are killing our troops in Afghanistan are not Taliban .
They are extremists who grew up in refugee camps bordering Pakistan .
Look deeply into conflicts in Somalia and the Congo , you will find similar backgrounds in the majority of the extremists , guerrillas , or terrorists involved .
SO , by getting me my Christmas present you can save a life and disrupt the proliferation of terrorism by providing these underprivileged individuals with an alternative form of hope .
Give them education to fight extremist views , food and medicine to maintain their desire to live , and HOPE that they can create a better life for themselves and their families .
Help fight the long war .
If you can find a present like this in a store at the mall ..
Let me know ...
I 'll buy stock .
Thanks for taking the time to consider my Christmas list .
There are many organizations to give to during the holidays and this is certainly not the only one you should look into .
I look forward to seeing / hearing from you all this Christmas .
Take care , Miss you !!
Love ,
Devin
My friend Mimi's nephew Devin is a Marine Captain stationed in Iraq .
He 's been there for several tours and he wrote a letter home to his family this week that Mimi gave me permission to publish .
Labels : Iraq refugees , War on Terror
Update at bottom : Owens ’ lead over Hoffman widens ; reports of computer virus in voting machines
Poll :
More than half of Republicans believe ACORN stole ’08 election
The Conservative Party candidate in a closely - watched upstate New York congressional election has accused the activist group ACORN of trying to steal the election for his Democratic Party opponent — a claim that even Republican election officials are denying .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ I ran a different kind of campaign , one where Conservatives , Republicans , Libertarians , Tea Party and 9/12 activists rallied around , ” Doug Hoffman wrote on his campaign Web site .
“ ACORN , the unions and Democratic Party were scared , and that ’s why they tampered with the ballots of voters in NY - 23 . ”
The race for New York ’s 23rd congressional district became national news when prominent Republicans , including Sarah Palin and Newt Gingrich , abandoned the moderate Republican candidate , Dede Scozzafava , and threw their support behind a candidate from the Conservative Party , exposing a rift between the GOP ’s right - wing base and its shrinking contingent of moderates .
Scozzafava withdrew from the race three days before election day , and surprised many observers when she urged her supporters to vote for Bill Owens , the Democratic candidate .
Hoffman conceded defeat to Owens on election night , but when recounts of the vote showed Owens ’ victory margin narrowing from slightly more than 5,000 votes to around 3,000 , Hoffman withdrew his concession .
On Thursday , he upped the ante and accused ACORN of meddling in the election .
In a letter to supporters , entitled “ Stop Another Stolen Election , ” Hoffman wrote :
I ’m sure you are as dismayed as I am to learn of the mischief that took place in Oswego and neighboring counties .
We know this would not be the first time for the ACORN faithful to tamper with democracy .
Oswego County elections officials blame the mistakes on “ chaos ” in their call - in center that included a phone system foul - up , and on inspectors who read numbers incorrectly when phoning in results .
This sounds like a tactic right from the ACORN playbook .
ADVERTISEMENT
Hoffman ’s accusations are “ absolutely false , ” said the Republican elections commissioner for New York ’s Jefferson County , where the vote total had to be revised .
And Oswego County clerk George Williams , a Republican , described Hoffman ’s allegations as “ not accurate , ” reports the Watertown Daily Times .
Williams told the paper he saw no evidence of vote - tampering on election night .
Election observers give Hoffman little chance of winning the election through recounts or by way of the remaining absentee ballots yet to be counted .
Eric Kleefeld at TalkingPointsMemo reports that of the remaining 4,262 absentee ballots still to be counted , Hoffman would have to win 2,842 to even up with Owens .
That would represent a much higher percentage of the vote than he been receiving so far .
POLL : 52 PERCENT OF REPUBLICANS THINK ACORN STOLE ’08 ELECTION
ADVERTISEMENT
Hoffman ’s assertions about ACORN come on the same day as a new poll ( PDF ) from Public Policy Polling suggests more than half of self - identified Republicans — 52 percent — believe ACORN stole the 2008 election for Barack Obama .
Only 27 percent say Obama won the election fair and square .
“ Clearly the ACORN card really is an effective one to play with the voters who will decide whether Hoffman gets to be the Republican nominee in a possible repeat bid in 2010 , ” the polling firm said on its blog .
ADVERTISEMENT
Public Policy Polling carried out research primarily for Democratic politicians and is generally a partisan pollster .
It has been accused in the past of skewering its numbers for political purposes .
After it ran a series of polls showing Sen. Richard Burr ( R - NC ) in danger of losing his re-election bid despite the lack of a Democratic challenger , Burr ’s Republican allies “ question[ed ] the firm ’s analysis and accus[ed ] it of being a cheerleader for the Democratic Party , ” Politico reports .
UPDATE : OWENS WIDENS LEAD ; CLAIMS OF COMPUTER VIRUS IN VOTING MACHINES
As absentee ballots continue to be counted in the race for New York ’s 23rd congressional district , The Hill reports that Democrat Bill Owens ’ lead over Conservative Party candidate Doug Hoffman is now growing .
While earlier recounts in several counties showed Hoffman closing in on Owens , that trend now appears to be ending :
ADVERTISEMENT
The Watertown Daily Times is reporting that Hoffman now trails Owens by 3,105 votes with 3,072 absentee ballots left to be counted .
Even if Hoffman were to win all the remaining ballots , he would still come up 33 votes short .
With 58.6 percent of all absentees counted , the paper notes that Hoffman has gained 71 votes on Mr. Owens so far .
And the Gouverneur Times in upstate New York reports that election officials discovered a computer virus in the machines in one county , and managed to fix the problem before the election , but the newspaper casts doubt on the veracity of results from voting machines in other counties :
None of the machines ( from the same manufacturer ) used in the other counties within the 23rd district were looked at nor were they recertified after the “ reprogramming ” that occurred in Hamilton County .
Republican Commissioner Judith Peck refused to speculate on whether the code that governs the counts could have been tampered with .
She indicated that “ as far as I know , the machine in question was not functioning properly and was repaired ” by the technician .
The report is certain to add fuel to claims by Hoffman that the election was tampered with .
When I introduced EFT to the public in 1995 , I had no idea it would be in the hands of millions .
Accordingly , I offered it with an " open hand " wherein there were no royalties or legal fences of any kind .
That generosity , however , did not include a license to change it .
As human nature unfolded , however , enthusiastic people filtered EFT through their own belief systems and , as a result , changed it and recreated EFT in their own images .
Accordingly , you will find hundreds of EFT websites on the internet and over one thousand EFT books on Amazon.com .
No two are the same .
For more info see About Those EFT Tapping Spin-Offs .
To address this problem , I have trademarked Official EFT™ , Gold standard EFT™ , Optimal EFT ™ and The Unseen Therapist™ and appointed " Gary Craig Official EFT Centers . "
I granted the Gary Craig Official EFT Centers the exclusive rights to offer Official EFT information and trainings in English and various other languages worldwide .
Salsa dancing British grandmother , 75 , wins Spanish ' You 've Got Talent ' TV show
A rather flexible 75 - year - old British grandmother has won the Spanish equivalent of Britain 's Got Talent with a dazzling acrobatic salsa display .
Paddy Jones , originally from Stourbridge in the West Midlands , stunned viewers and judges with a routine which included flips , shimmies , spins and slides .
The grandmother of seven only took up salsa dancing five years ago following the death of her husband .
75 - year - old Salsa Dancer , Sarah Jones aka Paddy Jones from Stourbridge in the West Midlands has won the Spanish equivalent of Britain 's Got Talent
Wearing a skimpy blue dress , the septuagenarian took to the dancefloor last night with a partner 40 years her junior on the Spanish television talent show .
Mrs Jones , who now lives in Spain , told the show : ' I feel I 'm extremely lucky that I can do what I do and I shall continue as long as I possibly can . '
Mrs Jones 's son , Phil Jones , told the Stourbridge News : ' It 's fabulous .
We 're very proud of her . '
The newspaper reported that Mrs Jones , whose real first name is Sarah , was a professional dancer in her youth .
Clean pair of heels : Ex-pat Paddy learned salsa after her husband died
She started dancing when she was just two and a half years old , concentrating on classical ballet and tap .
Mrs Jones moved to Gandia , near Valencia , where she took up salsa after the death of her husband , David .
She danced on the hit Spanish show , Tu Si Que Vales , with the local dance school instructor , Nico .
The winning pair were handed a cheque for £ 9,055 .
The Sweatshop Hall of Shame 2010 highlights apparel and textile companies that use sweatshops in their global production .
Hall of Shame inductees are responsible for evading fair labor standards and often are slow to respond or provide no response at all to any attempts by the International Labor Rights Forum ( ILRF ) , workers , or others to improve working conditions .
The official inductees of the 2010 Sweatshop Hall of Shame are : Abercrombie and Fitch , Gymboree , Hanes , Ikea , Kohl ’s , LL Bean , Pier 1 Imports , Propper International , and Walmart .
This list also includes an Honorable Mention to the American Apparel and Footwear Association , a national trade association representing apparel and footwear companies .
This association has exhibited a flagrant disregard for workers ’ rights by primarily focusing on maintaining trade with Honduras in the middle of a military coup .
Most of the companies listed employ laborers who toil for long hours under dangerous working conditions for poverty wages .
When these workers attempt to form a union to voice their collective concerns , they face threats from management and risk being fired or even beaten .
Many of this years ’ inductees use suppliers that practice illegal tactics to suppress workers ’ rights to organize .
Some of the companies mentioned weave shame into their clothing by continuing to use cotton sourced from Uzbekistan where harvesting is accomplished through forced child labor .
Though this list highlights the most abhorrent of companies , they are certainly not the only offenders .
They represent a mere sample of a global industry in which brands have persistently flouted the rights of workers for more than a decade .
Do n’t despair - not all is bad news in the clothing industry .
For many years , the International Labor Rights Forum and SweatFree Communities have published the Shop with a Conscience Consumer Guide – a list identifying “ sweatfree ” options for the ever - increasing number of consumers interested in buying clothing made under ethical and worker - friendly conditions .
You can find out more at www.Sweatfree.org/shoppingguide.
Also , be sure to follow the Act Now links to let the companies on this shameful list know you are fed up with their irresponsibility .
I ’ve just read a cutesy article about how college professors around the country are incorporating The Great Recession into their curriculum .
We ’re not just talking about finance classes , they ’re using the bailout to help teach “ post - colonialism ” and “ Marxist Theory ” , you know , all the important stuff that helps you support a family in the real world .
Anyway , allow me to offer a bit of advice to the Class of 2010 .
If you are graduating from college with your $ 150,000 education next spring and wondering where all the jobs will be , below is my list .
It is probably more accurate than my sarcasm may allude to …
Snitching / Policing
The world of regulation and oversight is now headed into its Renaissance , following the eight year orgy of rulebook chainsaw-ing and the Bush - led Laissez Faire Kleptocracy .
These will be the Salad Days for those in charge of monitoring , examining and prosecuting fraud as every request for funding will be approved and virtually every perp will be considered guilty until proven guilty .
The jobs that fall into this category consist of Compliance , Examination , Auditing , Regulation and White Collar Investigation / Prosecution .
Bureaucracy
If there ’s one certainty of the Obamanomics Era , it ’s that paper - pushing will be the most highly sought - after skill set in America .
One cannot triple the size of government and move whole chunks of the economy into the public sector without significantly staffing up at the State , Local and Federal level .
As the US banking and health care sectors become de facto government - run , the need for bureaucratic drones will skyrocket .
This new workforce will be well - paid as tax dollars will be footing the tab and picking up the cost of every perk and benefit under the sun .
All of this government and civil employment means a great deal of short - sleeve button down shirts will be purchased as well .
Ditch Digging
Obama ’s entire stimulus plan hinges on the funding of “ shovel - ready ” projects .
These include the modernization of our aging infrastructure , thus providing the young graduates ample opportunity to experience road gang life .
There will also be several vanity / porkalicious projects like the bullet train from Disneyland to Las Vegas ( because after a week at the theme park , the average father of 3 needs a few nights in a casino to be completely certain that every last penny has been spent ) .
The jobs involved with these projects will be heavily unionized , as the entire stimulus plan is simply a giant election IOU to organized labor anyway .
Influence Peddling
Political horsetrading is back with a vengeance now as the Democratic House , Senate and White House remake America into the Land of a Thousand Bills .
Everyone ’s pet project is getting equal time these days as trillion dollar allocations are approved left and right .
The lobbyists are working overtime to make sure that the interests of their heavily - entrenched corporate clients are well - represented in each vote on the floor .
Thomas Jefferson would probably want to blow his brains out , but for the student interested in a slot at a Political Action Committee or K Street bribery lab , the environment has never been more lucrative .
Vulture Arts and Sciences
There is a always a bull market somewhere , and I will tell you where one of the biggest bull markets in history is raging as we speak … in the Bankruptcy Industry .
Looking for a job with great growth prospects ?
Try these : Foreclosures , Restructuring , Bankruptcy Law , Asset Repossession , Business Liquidators , Divorce Law and Debt Recovery .
Any company that benefits from the failure of others is literally up to their eyeballs in business right now , so your resumé will be welcomed .
***
To those of you who will be graduating next spring , use these five industries as your starting point for locating job opportunities .
The upside for those engaged in bankruptcy , union labor , regulation , lobbying and big government will be nothing short of staggering .
Psalm 109:8 reads , “ Let his days be few ; and let another take his office . ”
Oddly enough , Psalm 109:9 reads , “ Let his children be fatherless , and his wife a widow . ”
Just in case the original whacked - out message was n’t clear , huh ?
Frank Schaeffer is definitely concerned in this clip , and frankly , I give his concern more weight because he ’s a reformed high - ranking fundamentalist “ christian ” whacko .
The Secret Service must be working a hell of a lot of overtime these days .
UPDATE : Just in case there ’s any quibbling about translation , I found several of them , and — SURPRISE ! — they all say the same thing .
New International Version ( ©1984 )
May his days be few ; may another take his place of leadership .
New American Standard Bible ( ©1995 )
Let his days be few ;
Let another take his office .
GOD ’S WORD ® Translation ( ©1995 )
Let his days be few [ in number ] .
Let someone else take his position .
King James Bible
Let his days be few ; and let another take his office .
American King James Version
Let his days be few ; and let another take his office .
American Standard Version
Let his days be few ;
And let another take his office .
Bible in Basic English
Let his life be short ; let another take his position of authority .
Douay - Rheims Bible
May his days be few : and his bishopric let another take .
Darby Bible Translation
Let his days be few , let another take his office ; English Revised Version
Let his days be few ; and let another take his office .
Webster ’s Bible Translation
Let his days be few ; and let another take his office .
World English Bible
Let his days be few .
Let another take his office .
Young ’s Literal Translation
His days are few , his oversight another taketh .
( Source )
We in the respectable media are not interested in Tiger Woods ’ car crash for prurient reasons .
Oh , no .
We do n’t care about what a celebrity , but a private citizen , may or may not have been doing with his extracurricular time .
Nor do we care about the rush of viewers and readers — like you there , who came to this article by Googling “ Tiger Woods car crash affair rumors ” — and how good it will make us look to our advertisers if we indulge it .
No , we care only for high - minded reasons .
It ’s about , um , the business impact of the story on the lucrative sports - endorsement business .
It ’s about , um , the ever - changing culture of American celebrity .
It ’s about , um , traffic safety !
How many more innocent trees must suffer ?
Wait , no !
It ’s about the media coverage itself !
That ’s the ticket !
So here is a blog post about the media coverage itself !
As you have guessed , the Woods story is about exactly what you think it is about : a huge celebrity , one of the most famous athletes in the world , suffers a mysterious mishap , gives an unsatisfying explanation , and rumors of personal scandal have filled in the void .
A big star seems to be trying to hide something that wo n’t stay hidden , and people want to have at it .
That ’s it , and it ’s that simple .
But whenever a story like this breaks , the first thing that gets exposed is the gap between media outlets , like TMZ , that unashamedly love this kind of story and cover it well , and more - traditional media outlets , who are either uncomfortable with or unsuited to the story , yet finally can’t ignore it .
These outlets are n’t blind , either to the news or to the interest in it .
They are as capable as you of seeing , for instance , that the most searched term at the New York Times website is , as of this morning , Tiger Woods .
And yet the “ serious ” news outlets ca n’t just wholeheartedly revel in the human filth of the story .
Not just for high - minded reasons , either : there are cold business reasons .
As with so many things today , traditional media are caught between a newfangled audience , with new expectations , and an old - fashioned audience that expects old - fashioned standards of propriety .
This is as true of a celeb - gossip story as it is of , say , covering a controversial political issue .
TMZ can gleefully go with the gossip , because its audience knows what it wants ; the Huffington Post can take sides on healthcare reform , because it ’s identified its audience .
But a newspaper is , more and more , caught in between .
Fail to satisfy the newfangled group , and they ’ll quickly click elsewhere ; fail to satisfy the old - fashioned group ( who do n’t want celebrity news on the front page , or news coverage with a point - of - view ) , and they cancel their subscriptions .
And , of course , like any media issue today , it ’s complicated by money .
Or the lack thereof .
Journalism organizations ( like Time Inc. ) are losing revenue and shedding jobs left and right .
How much attention can we afford to pass up in the name of purity ?
So whenever a story like the Woods story emerges , one of the most entertaining aspects is watching the contortions the respectable media go through to put a sufficiently meta spin on it , to justify covering the hot topic ( and not passing up all those free eyeballs ) , while appearing to be serious - minded , and not like all those other outlets just trying to pry into Tiger Woods ’ personal life .
Like so many things that the trapped - in - between mainstream media does nowadays , though , this probably does it little good in the long run .
They do n’t truly satisfy , for instance , the reader who just Google - searched “ Tiger Woods golf club affair car crash , ” and wanted to learn something new about the incident .
Meanwhile , to anyone who expects them to ignore this kind of story and focus on “ real news , ” their game is transparent .
What these half - measures do , more than anything , is convey the sense that the mainstream media is phony , inauthentic , that it lacks the courage of its convictions either to go all in and give the public what it wants , or take a bullet and stick to its principles .
Trying to please everyone , it pleases no one .
That said , hope springs eternal in the mainstream media that there is a way of properly threading the needle when it comes to juicy stories like this one — that if they are simply self - aware and meta - referential enough , acknowledging these contortions will make the contortions somehow more acceptiable .
This has been my blog post on The Tiger Woods Scandal : Not Actually a Blog Post About the Tiger Woods Scandal But Really a Meditation On What the Tiger Woods Scandal Says About the Media .
See how easy that was ?
Thanks for visiting , Google searchers !
Scenes from California 's record - breaking wildfire season
A Cal Fire information officer briefs a journalist on the latest news on the Glass fire .
Photo by Terry Schmitt / UPI
A chimney stands on a burned out property from the Glass fire along the Silverado Trail in Calistoga , Calif .
Photo by Terry Schmitt / UPI
Cars drive through the smoke along Highway 29 in Calistoga , Calif .
Photo by Terry Schmitt / UPI
The Glass fire has burned over 40,000 acres .
Photo by Terry Schmitt / UPI
A sign in an evacuated area warns potential looters in Santa Rosa , Calif .
Photo by Terry Schmitt / UPI
The Glass fire erupted early September 27 in Napa County , Calif .
Photo by Terry Schmitt / UPI
The rapidly growing Glass fire threatens thousands of homes .
Photo by Terry Schmitt / UPI
Smoke from the Bobcat fire envelops the San Gabriel Mountains in Juniper Hills on September 21 .
Photo by Jim Ruymen / UPI
A sign on the Angeles Crest Highway warns the public about the extreme fire danger in the San Gabriel Mountains .
Photo by Jim Ruymen / UPI
Burned out cars sit on a property along Pleasants Valley Road in Vacaville on September 19 .
Photo by Terry Schmitt / 'UPI
Melted vinyl ranch fence lies along Pleasants Valley Road .
Photo by Terry Schmitt / 'UPI
Sawyers with the Billings IA , a Bureau of Land Management Initial Attack crew based in Billings , Mont. , take a brief respite before they continue to prepare a road for burnout operations at the August Complex wildland fire in Mendocino National Forest in Willows on September 6 .
Photo by Spc. Michael Ybarra / U.S. Army
A controlled fire created by sawyers with the Billings IA burns wildfire fuel during burnout operations .
Burnout involves clearing out easily combustible wildfire fuel such as trees and foliage , helping prevent the fire 's spread .
Photo by Spc. Michael Ybarra / U.S. Army
Flames from the Bobcat fire appear above homes in the foothills of Monrovia on September 11 .
Photo by Jim Ruymen / UPI
Flames from the Bobcat fire appear above homes where full containment is not expected until October 15 .
Photo by Jim Ruymen / UPI
The downtown Los Angeles skyline is shrouded in smoke from the Bobcat fire .
Photo by Jim Ruymen / UPI
An eerie mixture of fog and smoke casts an orange glow over San Francisco and the Bay Bridge at 10:10 a.m. on September 9 . Photo by Terry Schmitt / UPI
The Bay Area experienced a record 23rd straight " Spare the Air " day due to the California wildfires .
Photo by Terry Schmitt / UPI
Firefighters monitor hot spots during containment efforts on the Creek fire near Shaver Lake on September 9 . Photo by Peter DaSilva / UPI
California Gov. Gavin Newsom declared a state of emergency in five counties as record temperatures fueled numerous wildfires over the Labor Day weekend .
Photo by Peter DaSilva / UPI
High winds blow embers and flames across Highway 168 as the Creek fire rapidly expands near Shaver Lake on September 8 .
Photo by Peter DaSilva / UPI
Lisa
Theis from the KT Lee ranch reunites El Jefe with her other 44 alpacas evacuated from her North Fork ranch to a temporary location in Coarsegold on September 8 .
Photo by Peter DaSilva / UPI
Diffused sunlight filters through smokey skies from the Creek Fire as alpacas from the KT Lee ranch settle in at a temporary location .
Photo by Peter DaSilva / UPI
When the Aqua and NOAA - 20 satellites acquired these images on September 7 , smoke filled the skies across several states .
In a few instances , fires grew so hot that they created pyrocumulus " fire clouds " that lofted columns of smoke several miles into the atmosphere .
Thick smoke triggered warnings of unhealthy air quality in the region .
Photo courtesy of NASA
Firefighters exit a property , preparing to load up their hose after putting out spot fires in Boulder Creek .
Photo by Peter DaSilva / UPI
The remains of a burnt home and vehicles as the CZU Lightning Complex fire continues to burn in Boulder Creek on August 21 .
Photo by Peter DaSilva / UPI
Discovered :
The turkey - sized dinosaur that could deliver a lethal poisonous bite and eat its prey alive
Some bird - like dinosaurs had a poisonous bite , a new fossil find suggests .
Scientists have discovered a feathered ' raptor ' with grooved fangs that almost certainly delivered venom and probably ate its prey alive .
They believe other members of the dromaeosaur family may have also killed or immobilised their prey with poison .
Danger bite :
The turkey - sized Sinornithosaurus was related to the raptor and was just as lethal
The fossil Sinornithosaurus was a bird - like dinosaur with a poisonous bite .
Scientists have discovered a feathered ' raptor ' with grooved fangs that almost certainly delivered venom
Sinornithosaurus was a close relative of the Velociraptor , one of the stars of the movie Jurassic Park .
Although bird - like and about the size of a turkey , it did not fly and was not an early bird .
But scientists believe it may have preyed on ancient birds 128 million years ago , using its long fangs to penetrate their plumage .
A well - preserved skull and partial skeleton of the dinosaur was found at the site of a prehistoric forest in north - east China .
Sinornithosaurus had teeth similar to those of rear - fanged snakes and venomous lizards such as the Gila Monster of Mexico .
A series of fang - like teeth on the upper jaw bore grooves that are thought to have channelled poison .
U.S. and Chinese scientists also found depressions in the jaw bone on each side of the face that may have housed poison glands .
Rather than delivering a killer bite with a powerful dose of venom , the dinosaur may have paralysed or immobilised its prey , rendering it helpless .
Sinornithosaurus was a close relative of Velociraptor , one of the stars of the movie Jurassic Park .
Although bird - like and about the size of a turkey it did not fly and was not an early bird
David Burnham , from the University of Kansas in Lawrence , said : ' You would n't have seen it coming .
It would have swooped down behind you from a low - hanging tree branch and attacked from the back .
' It wanted to get its jaws around you .
Once the teeth were embedded in your skin the venom could seep into the wound .
The prey would rapidly go into shock , but it would still be living , and it might have seen itself being slowly devoured by this raptor . '
A description of Sinornithosaurus appeared yesterday in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
The dinosaur had a narrow snout and wide gape , consistent with the use of venom .
One of its close relatives was the four - winged glider Microraptor , which the scientists now believe may also have been poisonous .
Sinornithosaurus appears to have been specially adapted for preying on birds .
Its fangs were long enough to penetrate thick feathers and pierce the skin beneath to a depth of four to six millimetres - sufficient for getting poison into the bloodstream .
WASHINGTON ( AFP ) – Osama bin Laden was “ within the grasp ” of US forces in late 2001 but escaped because then - defense secretary Donald Rumsfeld rejected calls for reinforcements , a hard - hitting US Senate report says .
The report , set for release Monday , is intended to help learn the lessons of the past as President Barack Obama prepares to announce a major escalation of the conflict , now in its ninth year , with up to 35,000 more US troops .
ADVERTISEMENT
It points the finger directly at Rumsfeld for turning down requests for reinforcements as Bin Laden was trapped in December 2001 in caves and tunnels in a mountainous area of eastern Afghanistan known as Tora Bora .
“ The vast array of American military power , from sniper teams to the most mobile divisions of the marine corps and the army , was kept on the sidelines , ” the report says .
“ Instead , the US command chose to rely on airstrikes and untrained Afghan militias to attack Bin Laden and on Pakistan ’s loosely organized Frontier Corps to seal his escape routes . ”
Entitled “ Tora Bora revisited : how we failed to get Bin Laden and why it matters today , ” the report — commissioned by Senator John Kerry , chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee — says Bin Laden expected to die and had even written a will .
“ But the Al - Qaeda leader would live to fight another day .
Fewer than 100 American commandos were on the scene with their Afghan allies and calls for reinforcements to launch an assault were rejected .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Requests were also turned down for US troops to block the mountain paths leading to sanctuary a few miles away in Pakistan .
“ The decision not to deploy American forces to go after Bin Laden or block his escape was made by Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld and his top commander , General Tommy Franks , ” the report says .
“ On or around December 16 , two days after writing his will , Bin Laden and an entourage of bodyguards walked unmolested out of Tora Bora and disappeared into Pakistan ’s unregulated tribal area .
Most analysts say he is still there today . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Rumsfeld ’s argument at the time , the report says , was that deploying too many American troops could jeopardize the mission by creating an anti-US backlash among the local populace .
The report dismisses arguments at the time from Franks , Vice President Dick Cheney and others defending the decision and arguing that the intelligence was inconclusive about Bin Laden ’s location .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ The review of existing literature , unclassified government records and interviews with central participants underlying this report removes any lingering doubts and makes it clear that Osama bin Laden was within our grasp at Tora Bora . ”
The report admits that capturing or killing the Al - Qaeda leader , accused of orchestrating the September 11 , 2001 attacks on the United States that killed nearly 3,000 people , would not have eliminated the worldwide extremist threat .
“ But the decisions that opened the door for his escape to Pakistan allowed Bin Laden to emerge as a potent symbolic figure who continues to attract a steady flow of money and inspire fanatics worldwide , ” it says .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ The failure to finish the job represents a lost opportunity that forever altered the course of the conflict in Afghanistan and the future of international terrorism , leaving the American people more vulnerable to terrorism , laying the foundation for today ’s protracted Afghan insurgency and inflaming the internal strife now endangering Pakistan . ”
As Obama prepares to announce Tuesday a bold new strategy for Afghanistan , Kerry points out at the beginning of the report that when the United States went to war less than one month after the September 11 attacks , the mission was clear : to destroy Al - Qaeda and kill or capture Bin Laden .
“ Today , more than eight years later , we find ourselves fighting an increasingly lethal insurgency in Afghanistan and neighboring Pakistan that is led by many of those same extremists , ” he says .
“ Our inability to finish the job in late 2001 has contributed to a conflict today that endangers not just our troops and those of our allies , but the stability of a volatile and vital region . ”
Behöver du snabba pengar under kort period , så finns det många som erbjuder SMS lån .
SMS lån är ett lån som kan tas snabbt och enkelt via Internet eller mobil .
Ett SMS lån är en mindre summa pengar som lånas under en kort period .
Oftast är perioden på ett SMS lån 30 dagar och summan som kan lånas varierar oftast mellan 1000 till 10000 kronor .
För den som behöver snabba pengar fort till en oförutsedd händelse , så kan ett SMS lån vara ett alternativ som ger den hjälp som behövs tills nya pengar från arbete kommer in och lånet kan betalas tillbaka .
På det sättet fyller SMS lån i som ett bra alternativ till att behöva gå till banken , och det går även snabbare att få lånet .
Oftast tar det inte mera än maximalt upp till 12 timmar innan du har de lånade pengarna på ditt konto .
Det finns dock en baksida med SMS lån .
Naturligtvis finns det en baksida med allt , om du inte ser på det med den intelligens som behövs .
Baksidan av SMS lånen är att det finns folk som aldrig kommer ur dem .
De människorna lånar via ett flertal SMS lån varje månad , och när lönen kommer så går nästan allt åt att betala tillbaka dessa lån .
Då blir det ju dags att låna igen för att klara månaden .
Detta leder tyvärr till att dessa låntagare aldrig kommer ur sin lånesituation , och i slutändan kommer i så stor skuld att de inte kan betala tillbaka de lånade pengarna och drar på sig onödiga betalningsanmärkningar .
Detta borde dock inte vara ett problem då det varnas mycket för dessa lån , samt att det finns rikligt med information på varje låneföretags hemsida .
Har du god insikt med vad du gör , och bara behöver låna när det verkligen behövs samt att du vet att du kan betala tillbaka den skuld som uppkommer i tid så kan ett SMS lån vara en tillfällig räddning för många .
ITT we talk about whatever .
The disillusionment with Facebook has come in waves .
An early faction lost faith in 2008 , when Facebook ’s beloved Scrabble application , Scrabulous , was pulled amid copyright issues .
It was suddenly clear that Facebook was not just a social club but also an expanding force on the Web , beholden to corporate interests .
A later group , Harmsen ’s crowd , grew frustrated last winter when Facebook seemed to claim perpetual ownership of users ’ contributions to the site .
( Facebook later adjusted its membership contract , but it continues to integrate advertising , intellectual property and social life . )
A third wave of dissenters appears to be bored with it , obscurely sore or just somehow creeped out .
My friend Alex joined four years ago at the suggestion of “ the coolest guy on the planet , ” she told me in an e-mail message .
For a while , they cultivated a cool - planet online gang .
But then Scrabulous was shut down , someone told her she was too old for Facebook , her teenage stepson seemed to be losing his life to it and she found the whole site crawling with mercenaries trying to sell books and movies .
“ If I am going to waste my time on the Internet , ” she concluded , “ it will be playing in online backgammon tournaments . ”
Another friend , who did n’t want his name used , found that Facebook undermined his whole notion of online friendship .
“ It ’s easy to think of your circle of ‘ Friends ’ as a coherent circle , clear and moated , when in fact the splay of overlap / network makes drip / action painting a better ( visual ) analogy . ”
Something happened to this drip painting that he wo n’t discuss .
He said , “ Postings that seem private can scatter and slip unpredictably into a sort of semipublic status . ”
That friend was not the only Facebook dissenter who was reticent about specifics .
Many seem to have just lost their appetite for it : they just stopped wanting to look at other people ’s photos and résumés and updates , or have their own subject to scrutiny .
Some ex-users seemed shaken , even heartbroken , by their breakups with Facebook .
“ I primarily left Facebook because I was wasting so much time on it , ” my friend Caroline Harting told me by e-mail .
“ I felt fairly detached from my Facebook buddies because I rarely directly contacted them . ”
Instead , she felt as if she stalked them , spending hours a day looking at their pages without actually saying hello .
But then came the truly weird part : “ Facebook was stalking me , ” Harting wrote .
One day , on another Web site , she responded to an invitation to rate a movie she saw .
The next time she logged on to Facebook , there was a message acknowledging that she had made the rating .
“ I did n’t appreciate being monitored so closely , ” she wrote .
She quit .
PixelatedGeek is an independently - owned website that tackles the latest news on movies , video games , books , comic books , science and tech , and just about everything geeky .
Think Paris and Venice are a little too mundane ?
Tired of going to the same old places ?
If you really want a romantic vacation and one that neither of you will ever forget , check out one of these places .
San Camp , Botswana
While spending time together in the middle of nowhere in Africa may not be your idea of a romantic getaway .
Think again , Botswana is one of the most popular and modern states in Africa and while San Camp is in the middle of nowhere , you wo n’t feel like it .
This used to be a favorite spot for safari travelers and people looking for a bit of adventure but now it has been turned into an exclusive resort .
How exclusive ?
Expect to pay $ 1,960 a night , so even though you may still be camping out in a tent you ’ll be doing it in luxury .
Well … there actually is n’t any electricity or running water , but this is still the trip of a lifetime , and each tent does come with its own bathroom !
Link
Hotel de Vrouwe van Stavoren , Netherlands
This is the perfect weird destination for the romantic traveler that loves wine .
Most people consider sharing a bottle of wine to be very romantic , well how about sleeping in one ?
While not exactly a wine bottle the Hotel de Vrouwe van Stavoren offers giant wine casks as rooms .
These 14,500 litre wine casks were shipped all the way from Switzlerand and offer an experience that you will never forget .
The hotel offers beautiful views of the harbor and a restaurant featuring a wide variety of international cuisine .
The best part is that these rooms are only 109 Euros a night , and if go during the off season you might even get them for only 27 euros .
Link
Ice Hotel , Sweden
There ’s nothing like curling up together to keep warm to get those romantic juices flowing .
Well at the world famous Ice Hotel you will need more than just body head to keep warm .
This gigantic and beautiful hotel is made entirely from ice and snow and it only open during winter ( it will melt during the summer ! ) .
Every year artists from all over the world come to create beautiful works of art using the snow and ice .
Normally each artist will be given their own room to do with what they want , so a stay here means viewing one of a kind artwork … that has an expiration date .
Expect to bundle up in warm coats and furs because even the bed is made of solid ice .
Link
World ’s Largest Chocolate Fountain , Las Vegas
Well they say that chocolate is an aphrodisiac and well who does n’t love chocolate ?
At the Bellagio Hotel in Las Vegas is the world ’s largest chocolate fountain .
World renown pastry chef Jean Philippe Maury spent a year and a half in design and planning alone to build this monstrosity .
The chocolate fountain is 27 feet tall and circulates 2,100 pounds of chocolate at a rate of 120 quarts per minute .
There are three types of chocolate in the fountain and while you may not be able to eat directly from the found Jean Philippe ’s bakery offers plenty of the prized chocolate .
Link
Angel Waterfall , South America
If you ’re looking for romantic scenery and a beautiful sight than look no further than Angel Waterfall .
This is waterfall is the tallest in the world , in fact , it is so high that the water turns into a fine mist before it even reaches the bottom .
It is an 802 meter drop from the top of the falls to the Kerep river flowing below .
Flying over this waterfall by plane is one of the most beautiful sights to behold
Link
The Skeleton Church , The Czech Republic
For many churches are beautiful and romantic places to visit and experience .
This church …is definitely an experience .
The church was built in 1400 and decorating began in 1870 .
But the decorating was not done with beautiful artwork or sculptures , but rather arrangements of bones .
At this church you will find somewhere between 40,000 and 70,000 human bones used in the décor .
Macabre and yet enchanting this church must be seen to be believed .
Link
Huacachina Oasis
Now there is always something about being alone in the middle of nowhere with the one you love because it gives you a chance to really feel close to each other .
At Huacachina Oasis you may not be alone but just a few steps away and you ’ll be in the middle of a sweltering desert with little or no sign of human life .
Yes , Huacachina Oasis is a real oasis in the middle of the desert , fed by an underground river .
For centuries it has been the salvation of lowly travelers on the verge of death and now has become a very popular tourist destination .
You can experience what it is like to be in a cool relaxing paradise right in the middle of a desert .
Link
Cappadocia Cave Hotel , Turkey
Quite possibly one of the most unique hotels you will ever visit , the Cappadocia Cave Hotel is just what it sounds like .
A beautiful , luxury hotel carved into a cave .
Do n’t worry this is n’t a tourist trap stunt this hotel is actually carved into the Yunak Evleri mountain cliff , with 30 rooms all carved around the 5th and 6th centuries .
You ’ll also find cave houses , underground cities , churches and some of the most beautiful scenes you will ever see .
So if you ’re ready to travel back in time and see just what it was like when people lived in small but cozy caves .
Each room is very quiet and peaceful which makes for the perfect place for really getting to know each other .
Link
Waitomo Cave , New Zealand
Some of the most romantic places in the world are considered romantic because they have a magical feel to them .
Well few places in the world look more magical than Waitomo Cave .
In this cave it looks as if the stars shine underground !
Well they do n’t really , in actuality what you are seeing is thousands of glow worms .
While worms may not exactly be romantic the effect they create will truly take your breath away .
Link
Harbin Snow Sculpture Festival , China
This is one museum you will truly never forget and it is definitely a magical experience .
Every year the greatest sculptors come from all over the world to carve magnificent sculptures in the ice and snow .
But these are not just any sculptures , they are often built to scale , so you may actually see a fairy tale castle made completely of snow !
These massive sculptures are beautiful from a distance but during the festival you can actually get up close .
So snuggle up with someone you love , fight off the cold and experience something truly amazing .
Link
Written by Stephanie Schoppert – Copyrighted © www.weirdworm.com
I 'm going to run Vampire .
* pauses for the gasps to die *
Yes , it 's true .
While I was never a fan of V :tM , V:tR really managed to enchant me .
Perhaps I was at a place in my life where I could finally understand vampires , or maybe the book simply explained the plight and majesty of vampires better to me .
Or maybe it was just a better game that did n't make me want to tear my hear out .
That 's the theory I generally go with .
However , when my group decided that we needed to play something dark and horrific and I looked at all my players ' needs , Vampire became the only , obvious choice :
A game with combat and mystery , a big cast of NPCs to play with , and a dose of " survival horror , " Vampire really fits the bill on all counts .
Which tended to surprise some of my players ( who have opinions on Vampire , which tend to start with " Twilight sucks ! " or " Vampires are of the Wyrm ! ! " ) .
So we 're going to give it a try .
On a related note , I generally hate " player - driven play . "
I hate it because it 's generally code for " I did n't have time to come up with anything , so you players have to entertain me and yourselves . "
When it is n't , too often I 've found myself plopped into a huge , confusing world and asked " What do you want to do ? "
To which I always respond " I dunno , what can I do ? " which is answered with " Anything you want ! " and then my brain sort of shuts down and I say something like " My character watches TV . "
I have haunted memories of Morrowind , where I was kicked off a ship , told I could do anything I wanted , meandered around the countryside for a bit , then got bored and turned off the game .
When I played Oblivion , on the other hand , the game very carefully handed me a quest , pointed me in a direction , told me what I could do , and added " And you can do whatever you want , " and that was far more pleasing .
Suddenly , I had the freedom to tear off and explore distant locations , but if I grew bored , I could always make my way back to the main plot .
And thus , I was enlightened .
So while I prefer " GM driven " gameplay , where I can drag uncertain , confused players through enough interesting plot that some of it sticks to them and they begin to see the possibilities and start to play back , I 've decided I want to experiment with sandbox play in my vampire game .
Vampire ( and urban fantasy in general ) seems ideally suited to it , as its set in a single city , and detailing a single city is much easier than detailing an entire world .
And , now that I 've set the stage , we move from the introduction to my main point :
I think Vampire is n't really about vampires .
Oh , sure , you play as vampires , but that 's not really what it 's about .
I think it 's about people .
I think bad vampire games often forget this , and tend to turn into " Vampire : the Tea Party " as a result .
You used to be a person .
You get your blood from people .
Vampires get into fights over people .
It all boils down to people .
Blood .
Lonliness .
Being an outsider , looking in at the warm glow of ordinary mortals living their ordinary lives while you linger on the outside , in the shadows , hungering .
Mortals in a good vampire game sort of feel like an aquarium filled with delicious fish , flitting about in their mundane little soap - operas , their lives fated to ruin as soon as a vampire stretches out his dead hands to grasp the target of his desire , and so , a good vampire game needs a considerable cast of characters ( doubly so , given that your players will start killing them even if they do n't mean to )
I 've been known for my expansive cast of NPCs .
My WotG had over fifty fully statted NPCs by the end of the campaign .
These , however , evolved organically .
If I needed a new NPC , I added him , and he soon resonated with the players , and so stuck around .
After enough sessions of this , it 's only natural that you have a huge cast .
My big experiment , though , is to start with fifty or so statted NPCs .
My mind rebels at the notion , laughing at the foolhardiness of my ambition .
" FIFTY NPCS ? " it smirks " How can you possibly come up with fifty NPCs before the first player has put pen to paper ? "
I 'll tell you : Families .
Damnation City , which is simply the most indispensable masterpiece of the WoD line , and a must for any collection , suggests that you design a city by dividing it into districts , and thereafter populating the districts with sites .
As I began to do this , I wondered " Why can't I do this with people too ? "
And so I came up with the idea of families .
Odd that it took me so many years to ponder the unit of society that all of us are so familiar with .
Perhaps it 's because in the modern world , last names do n't mean as much as they used to .
Even so , I 've found that if you study a community long enough , certain patterns of who controls what , and who tends to do what , starts to emerge .
So , you divide the city into a number of families ( say , 10 ) , and populate each family with 5 interconnected individuals .
It might Mom , Dad , sister , brother and gramps , or it could be a loose affiliation of distant cousins that barely know one another 's name and might not even share a last name , even if they do share DNA .
You could note the character and nature of the family ( I like to note a shared Virtue or Vice , and a merit or two that many of the family members might have :
This family with Greed and Resources , that family with Fortitude and Common Sense ) , and start to design the characters accordingly .
You could then populate the sites and organizations of your city with the people drawn from your families , and start to see how they 're all interconnected in this vast web : Detective Liu and Detective Devlin are partners , but Liu 's niece might be a student at the university , and Devlin 's brother might be working for the Irish Mafia , and the Clark boy might also be working his way into the Irish Mafia , and he 's related to this Guitarist who ...
And so a vast web of tangled relationships begins to blanket my city , a soap opera just waiting for the players to step in , to tangle the strands , to slay nexuses and watch the entire tapestry fray spectacularly .
I 've detailed almost 20 NPCs , and have 50 sketched out already ( and I 've begun to wonder if I 'll need even more ) .
What 's that you ask ?
Why bother with all this stuff ?
Well , the first and most important reason is " obsession . "
I 'm not kidding myself here : when I want to run a game , I can't help but think of a gazillion ideas for it , and it helps me to put those ideas down on paper .
Often , other people want those resources , and when it's all saved on my computer , I can easily offer them to others .
But I also need material that will help inspire me later down the line .
In my last WoD game , I had to struggle every few sessions to come up with some grand new story to entertain my players with .
With a huge cast of 50 characters with deep backstories and interesting hooks just sitting there , waiting to be used , designing an engrossing new session will be as easy as saying " Hey , we need to see more of these guys , " or , better , " Wow , you know , after the player brutally slew this NPC / sweetly confessed her love for that NPC , we should really dig deeper into that part of town and explore some of that NPCs relationships . "
Plus , working on these NPCs has forced me to consider my setting on levels I 've never considered before , and a living city with a rich history begins to emerge .
I think my players will enjoy knowing that there 's a landscape of NPCs out there , just like it is pleasant knowing that if you turn left rather than right in a dungeon , you could explore an entirely different wing , I think players will appreciate knowing that even if they do n't bother to explore a particular NPCs past , they could , if they so chose .
Washington ( CNN ) --
The Pakistani government has delayed the visas of hundreds of U.S. officials and contractors , a move that has frustrated the State Department and could affect U.S. programs on the ground .
State Department Deputy Spokesman Robert
Wood told reporters the reason for the delay was unclear , but it has prompted serious U.S. concerns , and the issue has been raised with " very senior levels " of the Pakistani government .
A senior State Department official who would not speak on the record because of the sensitivity of the diplomacy said Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has spoken with the Pakistani leadership about the visa delays affecting a variety of diplomats and contractors dealing with agriculture , security and military affairs .
" I can't give you any reason why they 're being delayed , " Wood said .
" But we are working with our Pakistani counterparts to try to resolve these issues . "
The New York Times on Thursday reported on the delays , quoting American diplomats in Pakistan who called them a deliberate campaign to harass U.S. officials in the country .
Wood said he could n't point to an " official harassment campaign , " but the delays come amid increased anti-American sentiment among the Pakistani public and complaints by the military that the U.S. was meddling in its affairs .
The visas are needed for a planned expansion of the U.S. embassy in Pakistan from about 500 to 800 U.S. officials , to channel a new $ 7.5 billion , five - year aid plan from the United States .
" I would suspect if this continues , it will indeed have an impact on our ability to do the work that we want to do to help the Pakistani people in terms of fighting terrorism , in terms of economic development , and a whole range of issues , " Wood said .
A senior State Department official added that the United States is " not satisfied with the answers we are getting " from Pakistan for the delays .
" They are making excuses , saying they are ' working as fast as we can , ' but we know for sure that is n't happening . "
But Pakistan 's ambassador to the United States , Husain Haqqani , denied the delays reflected a campaign of harassment against U.S. diplomats in Pakistan .
" Absolutely not , " he said .
" We do not harass our allies . "
Haqqani said the delays are due to the large influx of U.S. diplomats coming to Islamabad and are " simply a matter of process and conformity of Pakistani rules and procedures . "
" There is an exponential number of U.S. diplomats coming in , " he said .
" In some cases we had 50 diplomats for one issue , now we could have as many as 250 .
We have to be concerned about their security , our security and also the difficulty of public opinion in Pakistan .
But we are partners and allies and we look forward to helping them . "
A middle - aged census worker hung naked from a tree in the woods of Kentucky , the word " FED " scrawled on his chest .
That image , of course , turned out to be too neat to be true : Census worker Bill Sparkman staged his suicide to look like a murder by some rural antigovernment extremist , so his family would benefit from his life insurance policies .
But even before the police had begun investigating the incident , the scene prompted a wave of commentary about right - wing extremism , with one prominent blogger talking about the spectre of " Southern populist terrorism . "
The rush to judgment was found mostly on partisan websites but also in mainstream media outlets , which some commenters say shows that paranoia about political insurrection and violence is no longer restricted to the fringes of American politics .
" It was a spooky scene and a bizarre episode ... but the way in which people rushed to assume it was [ political murder ] showed that they were so eager to connect the dots that they ran ahead of what the evidence was , " says Jesse Walker , managing editor of the libertarian Reason magazine .
" The takeaway from the Kentucky story is that the establishment is just as capable of making that mistake as the fringes . "
The reaction was understandable , to an extent .
Apart from the details of the scene itself , a Department of Homeland Security report earlier this year had warned of an increase in right - wing extremism , including radicalization of US soldiers .
Recent reports on right - wing groups by civil rights groups such as Southern Poverty Law Center , the Center for the Study of Hate and Extremism , and the Anti-Defamation League have also warned of a " toxic atmosphere of rage in America . "
But the politicization of Sparkman 's death , some conservative bloggers say , points to a new willingness to not only sharply disagree with opponents , but also to paint political enemies with the worst of motives .
" What 's uniquely disgusting about stories like this is the eagerness ... to find an ideological motive with which to bludgeon one 's opponents , " wrote Allahpundit on the conservative blog , Hot Air , on Sept. 24 .
Both liberal and more mainstream bloggers tried to blame conservative media figures such as Glenn Beck and Rush Limbaugh .
" This is the kind of violent event that emerges from a culture of paranoia and unsubstantiated attacks .
Personalities like Glenn Beck have irresponsibly accused the government of running FEMA concentration camps , and constantly stoke the fear of ' the Feds ' taking over , " wrote Allison Kilkenny at the Huffington Post .
" [ T ] he most worrying possibility – that this is Southern populist terrorism , whipped up by the GOP and its
Fox and talk radio cohorts – remains real , " Andrew Sullivan , a blogger for the Atlantic , wrote in late September , adding , " We 'll see . "
However , Mr. Sullivan Tuesday pushed back against claims he had said Sparkman was murdered by " neo - confederate thugs , " writing , " I clearly suspected foul play and believed it was n't suicide , I drew no firm conclusions about the actual perpetrators of this act .
In every post , I made sure readers knew that the investigation was ongoing and we did not yet know the full facts .
And at every opportunity , this blog linked to stories pushing back against the idea that this was a murder . "
Not that there are n't legitimate threats from America 's extremist fringes , says Mr. Walker , the Reason editor .
But " panicky centrists " have n't been able to draw a direct link between talk radio rhetoric and actual violence .
" [ B ]y giving serious attention to theories associated with the fringe right ... [ they argue ]
Glenn Beck and other broadcasters are validating the grievances of potential killers , giving them the impression that they are n't alone , " wrote Walker in October .
One problem with this assumption , Walker writes , is that " it ignores the autonomy of people on the fringe ....
You ca n't reduce media effects to simple push - pull reactions . "
See also :
Police : Census worker Bill Sparkman staged his suicide
Why police are keeping quiet on Census worker Sparkman death
Grisly hanging of Census worker : an antigovernment act ?
---
Follow us on Twitter .
Turf Houses in the Viking Age
The photos on this page were taken at three different turf house reconstructions :
at L'Anse aux Meadows in Newfoundland , Canada ;
at Þjóðveldisbær in Þjórsárdalur , Iceland ;
and at Eiríksstaðir in Haukadalur , Iceland .
The Þjóðveldisbær longhouse ( located in Þjórsárdalur ) is a re-creation of a typical Icelandic turf house from the end of the Norse era and is based on the house at Stöng , a short distance away that was covered with ash during a volcanic eruption of Hekla in 1104 .
As a result , the ruins were better preserved , with more physical evidence extant , than other Norse era longhouses .
The excavated ruins ( right ) are enclosed within a modern building , protecting the site from further deterioration .
The Stöng farm was large and rich , and after the eruption , it may not have been abandoned completely until the climate changes that occurred in the 13th century .
During its prosperous years , perhaps twenty or more people lived in this longhouse .
The re-construction is operated by Þjóðminjasafn Íslands , the Icelandic National Museum , and Landsvirkjun , the electrical generation and distribution company of Iceland .
Eiríksstaðir was the farm of Eiríkur rauði ( Erik the red ) , who later settled Greenland .
His son , Leifur Eiríksson , who led one of the voyages to Vínland , was born on this farm .
The re-construction is based on the ruins located a short distance away , further up the hill ( visible only as a depression in the foreground of the photo , with the reconstructed house in the background ) .
While it was occupied , the farm was only a modest operation .
The archaeological study of the ruins suggests that the house was modified at least once while occupied , both to expand it , and also to repair damage that may have been caused by a landslide from further up the hill .
The L'Anse aux Meadows site was probably a way station for Norse exploration in North America one thousand years ago .
The longhouse re-construction is operated by Parks Canada and is based on archaeological findings at L'Anse aux Meadows , and elsewhere .
The original longhouse on the site may have been constructed by Leifur Eiríksson and the other members of his party .
The reconstruction is based on Hall A , which includes not only living quarters , but also work rooms for the crew .
The illustration shows the floor plans of the excavated ruins of the 3 Viking - age turfhouses mentioned above , in addition to two other houses that have not been reconstructed , but which represent the two extremes of turfhouse size : Aðalstræti 14 - 16 , a small and early turfhouse found in Reykjavík ( and named for the street address where it was found ) , and Hofstaðir , a grand home for a chieftain in the 10th century , found in north Iceland .
The houses are similar in overall construction , but differ remarkably in details , primarily because the houses were built for different purposes , at different times in the Viking age , by families with differing resources .
The Stöng farmhouse is based on a permanent , continuously occupied structure built late in the Norse era and owned by a wealthy family .
In contrast , the L'Anse aux Meadows site was temporary , a simple way station and ship repair site built in the middle of the Norse era .
So , for example , the Stöng house has wood wainscoting on the interior walls , to cover up the turf , while the L'Anse aux Meadows has no such frills .
The Eiríksstaðir house falls somewhere in the middle : it 's a permanent structure , but built by a family of more modest means .
Aðalstræti 14 - 16 may be one of the first turfhouses build in Iceland and contains features not seen in later turfhouses , as discussed later in this article .
Hofstaðir is a large , imposing house and was probably used for feasting and cult practices in the presence of large numbers of guests .
Some of the differences between the houses result from differences in interpretation of the same physical evidence .
Various scholars may look at the same archaeological evidence and draw very different conclusions .
The Norse did not leave behind any plans , and the interpretation of the physical remains is difficult .
The house begins with the construction of stone footings .
Besides forming a firm base on which the house rests , they also keep the wooden structural elements of the house away from the soil , protecting them from rot .
The footings of the house at Stöng are shown to the right .
The L'Anse aux Meadows house , being a temporary structure , had very limited footings .
In most places , the wood supports rested directly on the soil , which would have resulted in the wood rotting out fairly quickly .
The stone footings are typically the only part of Norse era turf houses that remain visible today .
The photo to the left shows the footings of turf houses on the site of the first settlers on the island of Heimaey in Iceland .
The structural support for the house was provided by wooden interior posts and beams ( rather than by the walls , which supported essentially no weight ) .
The wooden beams locked together using pegs and notches ( right ) , rather than iron nails .
The main structural elements are shown in the sketch to the left .
Pillars , resting on stones on the floor ( left ) , rise to support two long rafter - bracing roof beams , which run the length of the house ( right , at Stöng ) .
At each pair of pillars , the roof beams are tied together with a cross beam .
Rising from the middle of the cross beam is a short pillar which supports the long roof ridge beam .
The upper rafters form a strong triangular structure with the rafter - bracing roof beams and the roof ridge beam , and the weight of the upper roof is carried by the pillars to the floor .
Lower rafters ( hidden behind wainscoting in the photo to the right ) carry the weight of the lower roof to another set of shorter vertical pillars set just inside the turf walls at the back of the benches .
The pillars are located in the airspace ( skot ) that separates the turf walls from the wooden wainscoting .
The airspace helps to insulate the house , and it protects the wood from dampness and rot .
While not normally used by the inhabitants of the house , this airspace was apparently large enough that people could pass through it .
Þorkell made his escape through the airspace of the house after killing Glæðir in chapter 44 of Vatnsdæla saga .
In chapter 27 of Reykdæla saga og Víga - Skúta , Skúta discovered two assassins who were hiding in the airspace waiting for an opportunity to attack .
Although it 's not emphasized in either the photo or the sketch above , the upper and lower rafters are often separate timbers which meet at an angle , rather than straight - on .
The angle helps resist the load of the roof , and it allows the rafters to be made from two timbers , rather than one , long straight one .
That was an important consideration in lands like Iceland , where timber resources were limited .
In such places , either the thin trunks of native trees , or driftwood found on the shore ( right ) was commonly used for house construction .
The only alternative was to import timbers from overseas .
Stories tell about the öndvegissúlur ( high - seat pillars ) and how the early settlers of Iceland used their high - seat pillars to interpret the wishes of the gods in deciding where to settle .
Although it 's not clear what the high - seat pillars were , most likely they were the main support pillars of the house that framed the high - seat ( öndvegi ) , the most honorable place on the benches , which was occupied by the head of the household .
Some houses contain objects placed under structural elements , which have been interpreted as cult offerings .
Tiny sheets of embossed gold foil have been found under the support posts in the location of the high - seat pillars , as described in the Hurstwic article on Viking religious practices .
The early longhouse at Aðalstræti 14 - 16 had animal bones intentionally buried under the foundation of the back ( western ) wall , perhaps placed there as offerings .
For the walls , turf blocks ( left ) were used , approximately 15 to 20 cm thick by about 50 cm by 1.5 m .
( 8 inches by 20 inches by 60 inches ) .
Long strips of turf were cut with turf knives ( the scythe - like blade in the photo to the right ) , and the sods of turf were peeled off the ground .
Smaller turf blocks were cut with a rutter ( shown in photos both left and right ) , a small spade having a spike protruding outward at the top of the blade .
The spike allowed the spade to be driven into the turf with the foot .
The best turf for house construction was about 60 % vegetable matter , primarily the roots of the plants growing in the bog , and 40 % mineral , the sandy material in which the plants grew .
When cut , the turf was saturated with water .
After cutting , the turf was set aside to allow it to dry out before being used .
When dry , the turf is lighter than one might expect and has a consistency a bit like cork .
During construction , two separate courses of these turf " bricks " are laid , creating a central cavity that is filled with gravel or dirt .
At regular intervals , turf stringers were placed across the two courses to tie them together and providing greater strength to the wall .
The finished wall is about 2 meters thick ( 7 feet ) , with the gravel core providing drainage .
When I visited Stöng in the summer of 1998 , one of the walls was being rebuilt ( left ) , allowing a clear view of the wall construction .
( A staff member at the National Museum , which helps run the farmhouse at Stöng , told me that the cost of upkeep on the turf house has exceeded everyone 's expectations , and has been a real budget buster . )
A few of the turf walls in the Stöng reconstruction use the klömbruhnaus technique ( right ) , resulting in a herringbone pattern in the turf .
The evidence for this construction style is slight for the Norse era , but it was commonly used in later eras .
Triangular shaped pieces of turf are laid on their side to create a wall using the klömbruhnaus technique ( left ) .
The details were visible when some of the walls at Stöng were re-built in 2011 .
The roof is made of a layer of small tree branches laid over the main support rafters ( seen from the inside at Stöng in the photo on the left ) .
Over this goes a layer of turf ( which can be seen from below in the photo ) .
Ideally , a layer of birch bark is placed on top of this ( for water proofing ) and another layer of turf .
The branches allow air to circulate between the turf and wooden rafters , helping to prevent rot .
Finally , the roof is topped with a layer of living grass sod ( right ) .
The roots of the grass grow into a web that ties the structure together .
Most rain runs off the grass and down into the gravel core of the wall to drain .
Wood - lined smoke holes dot the roof of the house , above each of the fireplaces .
They allow smoke to escape from the interior , and they were probably the only way exterior light could get into the house , although it has been suggested that a row of small holes at the base of the roof also permitted light to enter .
The sagas talk of a skjár , an opening in the wall covered with a removable screen , probably a translucent animal membrane .
The opening would have allowed light to enter , and smoke to exit .
In Gull - Þóris saga ( ch. 13 ) , Þorbjörn escaped from his house while under attack by putting a log under the skjár and climbing through it , taking the log with him so his enemy could n't follow , which tells us something about the height of the opening above the floor .
However , the details of how such an opening could be constructed through the double walls of turf remain puzzling .
Saga evidence suggests that roofs could be peeled off , either by a strong gust of wind ( Gísla saga chapter 13 ) , or by an attacker intent on entering a locked house ( Eyrbyggja saga chapter 26 ) , or occasionally by supernatural creatures ( Grettis saga chapter 32 ) .
Other than the smoke holes , the only exterior use of wood was the front entrance and door , which was sometimes elaborately carved .
The photo of the door at Stöng ( left ) shows another exterior feature of turf houses : an entrance area paved with stones outside the door , which keeps that area from turning into a mud pit due to the heavy foot traffic .
At Eiríksstaðir ( right ) , there are two such paved areas in front of the house , convincing evidence that the door was moved at some point while the house was occupied .
Doors typically had door closing mechanisms , consisting of a stone tied to a cord attached to the door to pull the door shut .
The stone shown to the right was part of a door closing mechanism and was found at a Viking - age house site .
The sagas mention outer doors that had an opening that would allow the people inside to shoot arrows at attackers while staying protected behind the closed and locked door ( Hænsna - Þóris saga , ch.17 ) .
Exterior doors had bolts which could be locked to secure the house .
The front - door bolt could be opened from the outside with a key .
The surviving portion of a Viking - age door key is pictured to the right , showing the fingers that operated the locking mechanism inside the door .
The iron fingers had to be the right size , spacing , and number , or they would not fit the lock and the door would remain secured .
The front door at the house at Eiríksstaðir ( left ) shows the keyhole in the center of the door , and the protruding tab for operating the sliding locking mechanism just above it to the right .
Inside , longhouses were typically divided into several rooms along their length by turf or wooden walls .
At Eiríksstaðir , there were three rooms in the house , shown in plan to the left .
At the east end , there was a small entrance and storage area , with an exterior door on the south side .
Note how thick the turf walls are ( the stippled area ) relative to the size of the rooms ; a substantial portion of the footprint of the house is taken up by the exterior walls .
At the entrance , a door on each side of the wall helped to secure the house , to keep out the weather , and to prevent drafts .
At the west end was the pantry , with an exterior door on the north side ( right ) .
The archaeological evidence for this door is less clear .
The door would have reduced foot traffic through the narrow hall carrying food and supplies to the pantry , but because the hill slopes steeply down to the house on the north side , this area must have stayed filled with snow every winter ( left ) , blocking the door .
The main hall in the middle of the house took up most of the floor area , with a fire pit in the middle .
Benches lined both sides of this room .
Benches on one side ( left ) were open , and used for sitting , working , eating , cooking .
Tools , storage chests , tables , and the loom were on this bench .
Benches on the other side ( right ) were partitioned , and served as beds .
Surviving beds , benches , and other sleeping areas are very small .
It has been suggested that people slept sitting up in the Viking age , with their backs against a wall or partition , or even against their shields .
An illustration from a later medieval manuscript ( from after the end of the Viking age ) shows how this might have been done .
It shows a man sleeping in bed , his head and upper body propped up against the wall .
His shoes and leg - wraps are neatly placed under the bed .
On the floor , a servant or slave sleeps , likewise , propped up against a pillar .
A loft over the pantry at Eiríksstaðir was used for food storage , and a loft over the entrance was used for sleeping .
It is thought that slaves and children slept in the loft .
At Stöng , a more prosperous farm , the floor plan was more elaborate .
In addition to the main rooms of the house , two additional rooms were stuck onto the back of the main building .
The floor plan at Stöng is shown to the right .
The locations of the support columns and the extent of the benches is indicated in the plan , as well as the location of the firepits for the two rooms .
The house was 28 m ( 92 ft ) long .
The room furthest from the entrance was the stofa , the main living room ( left ) .
The saga literature mentions that women congregated in a specific part of the house reserved for their exclusive use during the day , where they did their daily chores ( and , according to the stories , swapped gossip ) .
At Stöng , this room was probably that place .
The loom was located here , along with tables and sitting - benches , which are shallower and higher off the floor than the multi-purpose benches in the main room .
The space under the benches may have been used for storing textiles as they came off the loom .
These benches were suitable for eating , socializing , and a variety of tasks .
The benches and tables would have made this room a fine place for feasting , especially since the pillars are set back closer to the wall , creating a wider open space down the middle of the room than that of the hall .
The sagas suggest that in some cases , there were cushions on the bench on which people sat ( Eyrbyggja saga chapter 20 ) .
The hall ( skáli ) was the main room of the house ( right ) .
Daily indoor work was performed here .
Food was prepared on the fire in this room .
This room also held the quern , used for grinding flour .
At night , this room was the sleeping quarters for everyone on the farm , so the benches here are lower and deeper , more suitable for sleeping .
It also has a bed closet , a small , closet sized enclosure with a door , located on top of the bench .
The open double door to the closet is visible to the rear in the photo .
A bed was located in this closet for the master of the farm and his wife .
The depth of the closet is the same as the depth of the bench , and the width is no greater than the depth , so the closet is quite small .
The bed takes up the entire space within the closet .
At night , the doors to the closet were closed and bolted from the inside , providing the master of the house and his wife with additional security against intruders .
The rest of the inhabitants of the house slept together on the benches on either side of the hall .
Two additional side rooms were tacked on to the back of the house , possibly later additions made after the house had been built and occupied for a time .
One of the side rooms was used for dairy storage ( left ) .
Large wooden vats , partially set into the earth , were found here .
By being partially below ground , the contents of the vats would be kept cool .
Additional insulation was provided in this room by stones placed between the rafters and the roof ( right ) .
The vats held dairy products , such as skyr , and they may have held meat pickled in sour whey .
The vats are over 1.4 m in diameter ( 55 in ) and so could hold a substantial quantity of foodstuffs .
More puzzling is the other side room , with its stone trenches set in the floor ( right ) .
The trenches pass through the rear wall of the room to the outside of the house .
It seems likely that this room was a latrine .
The trenches served as gutters to carry wastes out of the house .
It 's quite possible that wooden benches with holes cut in them were set over the trenches on which people sat .
It 's also possible that a simple wooden pole ( stöng ) was placed above the trenches on which people sat .
Stone slabs set into the floor on either end of the trenches ( left and right ) in the Stöng farmhouse ruins have notches cut out of them that would nicely hold a pole in such a position .
When the saga literature describes someone relieving himself , that person does so outdoors , or in an outbuilding .
For instance , in chapter 47 of Læxdala saga , it is said that at the time of the saga ( 10th century ) , it was fashionable to have outdoor toilets some distance from the farmhouse .
In addition , it seems unlikely , based on the archaeological remains , that a house like Eiríksstaðir ( right , built in the 10th century ) had an indoor lavatory .
The 10th century farm at Hofstaðir in north Iceland had a lavatory in a separate structure a short distance from the longhouse .
As at Stöng , a stone - lined trench carried wastes out of the building .
Traces of human feces found in the trench make it clear that this structure was a latrine .
The building had space for three ( and possibly more ) people to sit over the trench .
On the other hand , episodes in the sagas show the advantage of an indoor lavatory .
Attacks could be made on men making an nighttime visit to an outhouse , such as the attack on Snorri goði described in chapter 26 of Eyrbyggja saga .
It 's possible that by the time Stöng was built , late in the Viking era , indoor lavatories were more common .
The lavatory at Stöng seems to be an enormous structure for its intended purpose .
It almost appears big enough to have permitted every member of the Stöng household to relieve themselves simultaneously .
While I make the statement in jest , the sagas suggest that , in fact , groups of men did socialize while in the privy .
Chapter 25 of Flóamanna saga says that while some men were sitting in the privy , others stood nearby , and they all talked and compared their accomplishments .
The privy might have been a good place to hold a private conversation , something that would have been impossible in the open longhouse .
It 's even been suggested that the farm at Stöng took its name from the long poles ( stöng ) used as seats in its fine and imposing lavatory .
The open area ( anddyri ) between the exterior door and lavatory was probably the Norse equivalent of a mudroom , where wet or dirty outer garments were removed before entering the living areas .
Farm equipment and tools may have been stored in this area , as well .
At the Eiríksstaðir longhouse reconstruction , farm tools , horsehair ropes ( left ) and pack saddles ( right ) are stored in the anddyri .
In chapter 44 of Vatnsdæla saga , Glæðir took his bath in the anddyri .
At Stöng , there is a small chamber in this room , which was probably used for food storage , such as dried fish , smoked meat , and cereal grains .
A wall and door ( left ) between this entrance room and the main hall kept drafts from the outside from reaching the living quarters .
Most of the interior doors and passageways at Stöng are low and narrow , requiring one to bend over to pass through .
The photo to the right shows the passageway between stofa and skáli .
The thickness of the interior turf wall is quite apparent in the photo .
The sagas tell of hidden rooms and secret passages in some longhouses ( although there is no evidence for such structures at Stöng ) .
In chapter 28 of Reykdæla saga og Víga - Skútu , Skúta 's bed closet is described having a trap door connecting to a tunnel which led outside the house to the sheep - barn .
Above the bed was a kettle and a set of pot-chains arranged to fall into the kettle and awaken Skúta should an intruder enter the bed closet .
In addition to the longhouse , the original Stöng site had a smithy ( left ) , animal sheds ( right ) , and other out buildings , which have not been reconstructed .
Other out buildings that have been found at Viking - age house sites include specialized buildings , such as work houses , smoke houses , bake houses , and brew houses .
Recently , a firepit was found ( partially excavated in the photo to the left ) in the outbuilding of a Viking - age house site .
The firepit is more than 3 sq meters ( 32 sq ft ) in area , suggesting that prodigious amounts of cooking and heating took place on the site .
In the early part of the Viking age , it appears that everything was contained in the longhouse : animals , people , tools , food storage , work shop .
Later , all but the people were moved to out buildings .
While this arrangement was common in early longhouses found in Norway , only one example has been found to date in Iceland : at the longhouse at Aðalstræti 14 - 16 in Reykjavík .
There are far too few stalls to have housed all the valuable livestock on a farm of this size .
Perhaps only the most prestigious animals were kept here , such as plow oxen , or valuable horses , in order to show them off to visitors .
One type of outbuilding often found is the sunken - floor hut ( also called pit- houses ) , which were half buried in the ground .
I came upon a small , modern pit-house ( left ) on a beach in Iceland .
It has been suggested that these buildings might have been the first to be constructed by settlers at a new home site .
Such buildings would have gone up quickly , allowing families to have at least minimal shelter while the more comfortable longhouse was under construction .
After moving into the longhouse , the hut may have been used for some other purpose , or simply allowed to collapse .
A number of uses for these houses have been suggested .
Archaeological evidence at several excavated house sites suggests they were used for sewing and weaving , and may have been dyngja : rooms where women gathered to do their work that are mentioned occasionally in the sagas ( for example in Brennu - Njáls saga , ch. 44 ) .
These buildings would have been well insulated , due to their construction technique , and may have been used for storing items that needed to be kept cold .
They also would have been easier to build , needing less building materials , and may have been used for housing þrælar ( the slaves and bondsmen ) .
Some believe that these houses served as bath houses , or the northern equivalent of a sweat room , heated by fire .
An intriguing suggestion is that heat generated by the fire in these small spaces might have altered the properties of the fibers or textiles , making job of creating clothing for the household easier for the women who did that work .
Some pit -houses that have been excavated clearly were abandoned and used as refuse pits and allowed to fill with rubbish .
This recently excavated pit-house ( right ) seems to have been intentionally abandoned and destroyed .
The pit ( seen in the right foreground ) was filled with large stones ( which have been removed and piled in the left foreground ) , laboriously carried from the shore of the fjord in the distance , then covered over with turf .
The ritualistic destruction of the home makes one wonder if there were cult activities of some kind taking place in the house that had to be firmly put to rest .
While I revisited the Stöng farmhouse in the summer of 1999 , a new building was under construction : a church .
I once again enjoyed the opportunity to take a close - up look at the internals of turf house construction .
The stone footings are clearly visible , and the wooden interior .
The courses of turf " bricks " were being laid when I visited , and the thickness of the walls ( especially compared to the total size of the building ) is evident .
The completed church building is shown to the right as it looked in 2002 .
Obviously , only a small handful of people could fit inside the church .
The reconstructed church at Geirsstaðir ( left ) in east Iceland gives a clear picture of an early Viking - age church .
It is thought to predate the official conversion in Iceland .
Like the church at Stöng , the interior is tiny ( right ) , with only two small side benches on which congregants could sit .
More repairs were underway at the Stöng longhouse when I visited in 2002 .
The roof and walls had started to fail and were leaking .
As a result , all of the turf was scheduled to be replaced during 2002 - 2003 .
The house re-construction was about 30 years old , so the deterioration of the turf occurred more quickly than anticipated .
The old turf roof and walls were being stripped off layer by layer using knives ( left ) , a very messy and muddy job .
It 's thought that turf longhouses had a lifetime of about 50 - 100 years in Iceland , at which point they needed to be rebuilt .
Þórðar saga hreðu ( ch.8 ) says that Þórður built a longhouse at Flatatunga in north Iceland at the end of the 10th century that was still standing at the beginning of the 14th century .
Presumably the turf had been replaced a number of times .
While the work at the Stöng longhouse was in progress , sheets of plastic protected the wooden frame of the building ( right ) from water damage .
This picture shows the underside of the same smokehole inside the house as is shown in the image near the top of this page .
Once again , the construction work allowed a clear view of the wall and framing construction used for the house .
As of 2004 , the renovations were complete .
During a visit in 2005 , I noticed water running out from under the turf walls on the outside of the foundation .
Water from the roof is supposed to run in the channel between the outer and inner turf walls and from there , directly into the ground , so finding water running on the outside was an unexpected surprise .
The grass on the roof and walls is living .
In times of drought , the grass is stressed , and may die off , as was the case when I visited the Stöng reconstruction in 2007 ( left ) , and the Eiríksstaðir reconstruction in 2010 ( right ) .
But , good weather allows for flowers and weeds to bloom on the roof , as was the case when I visited the Stöng reconstruction in 2009 .
Visiting the reconstruction longhouses , one gets the impression that they were warm , comfortable , cozy places .
That romantic view was shattered for me recently when an Icelandic acquaintance told me of his experiences as a child living in a 19th century turf house for a part of the summer each year .
He said the house was damp and cold and miserable .
However , Viking - age turf houses ( above at Stöng ) and 19th century turf houses ( right at Sænautasel ) were very different in design and construction .
One evolved from the other , but they shared little other than that their walls and roofs were both made of turf .
In many ways , the standard of living was considerably better in 10th century Iceland than in 19th century Iceland .
Wood for fuel and for framing timbers was far more readily available in the 10th century , and so large rooms with high ceilings and long firepits in every room which warmed and dried the air were the rule .
By the 19th century , rooms were small with low ceilings , and the heat for the entire house typically came from a single fire , usually fueled by animal dung .
Now that I have spent a night in both a Viking - age turf house reconstruction , and in a 19th century turf house , I can say that I much prefer the Viking - age house .
The best we can probably say is that life in a Viking - age longhouse was not like anything that the typical reader of this page has ever experienced .
Sorry , we recently made changes to our web sites and the page you are looking for may have been removed , had its page address changed , may not exist , or is temporarily unavailable .
FinancialStability.gov is now part of Treasury.gov and is the official government site providing information and data related to the 2008 Emergency Economic Stabilization Act ( EESA ) & Troubled Asset Relief Program ( TARP ) .
To help you find Financial Stability information , please try one or more of the following :
Scientists rule out the possibility that methane is delivered by meteorites into the Martian atmosphere
Scientists have ruled out the possibility that methane is delivered to Mars by meteorites , raising fresh hopes that the gas might be generated by life on the red planet , in research published tomorrow ( Wednesday 9 December 2009 ) in Earth and Planetary Science Letters .
Methane has a short lifetime of just a few hundred years on Mars because it is constantly being depleted by a chemical reaction in the planet 's atmosphere , caused by sunlight .
Scientists analysing data from telescopic observations and unmanned space missions have discovered that methane on Mars is being constantly replenished by an unknown source and they are keen to uncover how the levels of methane are being topped up .
Researchers had thought that meteorites might be responsible for Martian methane levels because when the rocks enter the planet 's atmosphere they are subjected to intense heat , causing a chemical reaction that releases methane and other gases into the atmosphere .
However , the new study , by researchers from Imperial College London , shows that the volumes of methane that could be released by the meteorites entering Mars 's atmosphere are too low to maintain the current atmospheric levels of methane .
Previous studies have also ruled out the possibility that the methane is delivered through volcanic activity .
This leaves only two plausible theories to explain the gas 's presence , according to the researchers behind today 's findings .
Either there are microorganisms living in the Martian soil that are producing methane gas as a by - product of their metabolic processes , or methane is being produced as a by - product of reactions between volcanic rock and water .
Co-author of the study , Dr Richard Court , Department of Earth Science and Engineering at Imperial College London , says : " Our experiments are helping to solve the mystery of methane on Mars .
Meteorites vaporising in the atmosphere are a proposed methane source but when we recreate their fiery entry in the laboratory we get only small amounts of the gas .
For Mars , meteorites fail the methane test . "
The team say their study will help NASA and ESA scientists who are planning a joint mission to the red planet in 2018 to search for the source of methane .
The researchers say now that they have discovered that meteorites are not a source of Methane on Mars , ESA and NASA scientists can focus their attention on the two last remaining options .
Co-author , Professor Mark Sephton , Department of Earth Science and Engineering at Imperial College London , adds : " This work is a big step forward .
As Sherlock Holmes said , eliminate all other factors and the one that remains must be the truth .
The list of possible sources of methane gas is getting smaller and excitingly , extraterrestrial life still remains an option .
Ultimately the final test may have to be on Mars . "
The team used a technique called Quantitive Pyrolysis - Fourier Transform Infrared Spectroscopy to reproduce the same searing conditions experienced by meteorites as they enter the Martian atmosphere .
The team heated the meteorite fragments to 1000 degrees Celsius and measured the gases that were released using an infrared beam .
When quantities of gas released by the laboratory experiments were combined with published calculations of meteorite in - fall rates on Mars , the scientists calculated that only 10 kilograms of meteorite methane was produced each year , far below the 100 to 300 tonnes required to replenish methane levels in the Martian atmosphere .
###
This research was funded by a grant from the Science Technology Facilities Council .
Notes to editors :
1 . " Investigating the contribution of methane produced by ablating micrometeorites to the atmosphere of Mars " Earth and Planetary Science Letters journal
Richard W. Court ( 1 ) , Mark A. Sephton ( 1 )
(1) Impacts and Astromaterials Research Centre ( IARC ) , Department of Earth Science and Engineering , Imperial College London , South Kensington Campus , SW7 2AZ , London , UK
2. About Imperial College London Consistently rated amongst the world 's best universities , Imperial College London is a science - based institution with a reputation for excellence in teaching and research that attracts 14,000 students and 6,000 staff of the highest international quality .
Innovative research at the College explores the interface between science , medicine , engineering and business , delivering practical solutions that improve quality of life and the environment - underpinned by a dynamic enterprise culture .
Since its foundation in 1907 , Imperial 's contributions to society have included the discovery of penicillin , the development of holography and the foundations of fibre optics .
This commitment to the application of research for the benefit of all continues today , with current focuses including interdisciplinary collaborations to improve health in the UK and globally , tackle climate change and develop clean and sustainable sources of energy .
Website : www.imperial.ac.uk
Code Pink protesters hold up signs .
| AP photo composite by POLITICO Code Pink gives props to town hallers
When it comes to policy , Code Pink and many of the individuals yelling at town halls across the country could n't be more different .
Code Pink is the liberal , anti-war group that garners attention through its protests , demonstrations and interruptions .
And the citizens screaming at their congressmen during August town halls have primarily been conservatives angry at what they see as growing government .
But they do have one thing in common :
They 're both loud and disruptive .
And , accordingly , Code Pink founder Medea Benjamin is patting the town hallers on the back for their protest process .
We caught up with Benjamin recently , and she had some nice things to say about her political counterparts :
Advertisement
" I think they 've been effective in making this a real national debate , and that 's healthy , " said Benjamin .
" It has opened up the debate . "
Which is not say that she unequivocally supports some of the town hall protests .
Click the accompanying video for Benjamin 's full take .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Norwegians have been left mystified by a strange light display in the night sky captured over a military base in Skjold .
Eyewitnesses were left wondering whether they had seen a UFO .
However a statement from Moscow later confirmed that a missile launch from a Russian submarine in the region had failed .
Faye Hawker reports .
Video courtesy of Kristoffer Rakoczy
Treasury is making a classic investing mistake .
They are desperately waiting for that loser stock in their portfolio to catch a bounce .
The loser in this case is Citigroup ( NYSE : C ) .
And it actually did catch a bid Friday afternoon , closing at $ 3.40 .
The government ’s cost basis is $ 3.25 .
But if they were to dump $ 25 b + of common stock on the market , C shares would crumple into a pitiful heap .
The govt owns fully 34 % of Citigroup .
The result of dumping all those shares on the market would not be pretty .
But we should do it anyway .
Look at the recent offering , which was priced at $ 3.15 ( notably below the govt cost - basis of $ 3.25 ) .
Interest in the offering was tepid , even with undoubtedly intense pressure to keep the price above gov cost .
The point is — if Geithner was to unload Treasury ’s shares , the price they ’d fetch would make the public “ investment ” a clear loser .
We should take that loss , ASAP .
The sooner we get rid of every scrap of involvement with the zombie banks , the sooner they ’ll be forced to act like real businesses ( which means failure for many ) .
We should dump it all .
If investors think Citi has a future , they ’ll buy .
The administration is doing everything they can to avoid a paper loss .
For example , so as to not scare away the suckers new Citi investors , Treasury announced it wo n’t start selling their 34 % stake for at least 3 months .
From the WSJ :
Faced with a potential paper loss of $ 770 million on its Citigroup stake , the Treasury said it had decided to hold off selling any of its shares until next year .
Bowing to pressure from institutional investors , officials agreed not to sell the government ’s shares for at least 90 days .
Look at the $ 38 b tax break Citigroup just received , as reported by the Washington Post .
The government is taking a $ 38 b loss in tax revenue , on hopes that they can squeak out a much smaller paper - gain on the public investment .
A pitiful PR coup —
“ See , we told you the bailouts would be profitable * “ .
I say we sell now .
Yeah , we ’d take a hit .
But a 20 % loss is preferable to a 100 % loss .
People need to realize that there is still a real chance Citigroup goes to zero .
If not for mark - to - imagination accounting , implicit government backing , and various accounting tricks , they ’d probably be bankrupt already .
See Worse Than Enron , by Nomi Prins ( former director at Goldman Sachs ) , for more on these accounting schemes .
Stop - Loss
Seasoned investors know to cut their losses on bad investments .
Hoping for a bounce ( or trying to force one through proxies ) is n’t an acceptable investment strategy .
Especially when you ’re dealing with other peoples ’ money .
So far , thanks to Rubin and his disciples , Citigroup has been kept alive through herculean taxpayer - funded efforts , and changes to accounting rules .
But how long can that last , really ?
Citi is not a good long - term investment .
Praying for a bright future does no one any good .
Dump it , Geithner .
I suppose there is a ( slim ) chance of Citi having a bright future .
If the V - shapers are right , and everything has been fixed ( near zero probability of that ) and banks are allowed to continue abusing their TBTF status , the US may be able to sell for a decent profit one day .
But that ’s a lot of ifs .
And the cost required to achieve these hypothetical profits are huge .
The $ 38 b tax - break Citi just got wipes out any “ profits ” the U.S. can reasonably hope for .
It ’s not like Citigroup is cheap , either .
Despite their deceptively low ~ $ 3 stock , the market cap is still $ 79 b .
More dilution is coming , too .
At least $ 20 b .
There ’s no good reason Treasury should wait to sell Citi .
It ’s a $ 100 b disaster waiting to happen .
Most likely it ’s technically insolvent already .
We could lose a lot more if we hold off .
There are also the moral hazard implications , which are immeasurable .
Memo from D.C. to bankers – Get too - big - to - fail , get lobbyists = get rich , forever .
Disclosure – No position in C .
In Mike ’s most recent Nota Bene , he points us to a disturbing , if not altogether surprising little vignette from Capitol Hill .
When House Democrats gathered on Friday for their end - of - the week caucus meeting in the basement of the Capitol , caucus chairman John Larson ( D - Conn . ) told the group he wanted them to hear first from Rep. Michael Capuano , who ’d just returned from a primary campaign for the Senate seat in Massachusetts vacated by the death of Ted Kennedy .
Larson asked Capuano , who finished in second place , to share the wisdom he learned on the campaign trail .
Capuano took to the microphone , looked out at his colleagues and condensed what he ’d learned into two words .
“ You ’re screwed , ” he told his friends in the House , according to one attendee .
The room ’s silence was broken only by soft , nervous laughter .
Indeed , although I suspect there ’s a word that comes closer to conveying the full measure of the predicament better than “ screwed . ”
Over the last few years of the Bush presidency I feared that the Republicans had a strategy in place , a clever and cynical strategy to loot and pillage everything in sight , leaving a smoldering and irreparable waste to the Dems ( since the strategy took a long view , the plan was to trot out the reserves and forfeit in 2008 ) .
Then , since the public is dog - butt stupid and incapable of remembering who made the mess in the first place , and since the Democrats can be counted on to fuck up even the obvious stuff , the GOP would then be positioned to march triumphantly back into DC as the responsible , competent saviors in the mid-terms and 2012 .
“ See , ” they could say , “ that silly librul socialist Democrat Party does n’t know anything about the hard word and smarts that goes into actually governing .
They ’re good at sitting on the sidelines and bitching , but you ca n’t put them in charge of anything .
Now look at the mess they made .
Remember this the next time things look bad and you ’re thinking about ‘ change , ’ all right ? ”
So far it looks like the plan is right on schedule , huh ?
New here ?
You may want updates via email or RSS feed .
Thanks for visiting !
When booking airfare online , most people think of the popular online aggregation sites .
You know the ones :
They have the fancy commercials , catchy jingles , and washed - up celebrity pitchmen .
While those sites are n't inherently bad , there are a few well - documented problems with relying solely on these larger engines :
Many of the aggregation sites neglect to include smaller , budget carriers .
Larger airline companies may temporarily exclude or intentionally block these aggregation sites from fares .
Short - term specials or incentive sales are n't usually aggregated either .
They 're often only found by visiting the individual sites of the carriers .
Obviously , there is n't just one website capable of giving you the best deal every time .
I wish it were that easy .
Many larger carriers make a significant amount of money off of the loyalty factor — meaning those individuals and companies who choose to fly the same airline every time for whatever reason .
Because of this , they 're not necessarily in a rush to make all their fare data open and available for the world to dissect .
In most cases , the cheapest fare will be found using a combination of sites depending on your specific travel plans .
Here are some lesser - known websites you can add to your bag of tricks when searching for the lowest airfare available .
SkyScanner.net
SkyScanner is a traditional aggregation site .
But it actively differentiates ( and brands ) itself , by including a wider variety of budget options than most larger sites of the same type .
Another helpful feature of SkyScanner is the ability to search for a whole month or even a whole year with just the click of a button .
For example , you can choose December 2009 as your departure date and easily compare data for different days .
If your travel plans are flexible , this is a convenient benefit .
In addition , you do n't have to specify a specific airport , but rather just a city .
Many other websites allow you to search flexible dates and close airports , but I have n't found any that make it as easy as SkyScanner .
This convenience , and its access to some small budget sites , give it the nod of the larger sites in our book .
WhichBudget.com
WhichBudget is popular in international - traveling circles , and for good reason .
Rather than pulling specific pricing information for flights , WhichBudget simply allows you to find budget airlines that fly a specific route .
For example , to plan our upcoming trip to Thailand , Courtney and I used WhichBudget to find budget airlines that flew various potential routes — Christchurch , NZ to Bangkok , Thailand for one .
This is the type of flight that might not show up in the larger airfare search sites .
This service is especially valuable for places that play host to a variety of smaller , budget airlines , such as Europe and Southeast Asia .
BudgetFlightFinder.com
BudgetFlightFinder is an alternative site to WhichBudget .
We 've only been turned onto it recently , but I 'm starting to favor it .
Once again , it allows you to find budget airlines that fly a specific route .
Sometimes it 's good to check multiple sites for information like this .
For example , on a sample flight path of LAX to IND , WhichBudget shows only Southwest as a budget option .
Budget FlightFinder displays Frontier as the only option for the same path .
Once you 've uncovered a budget carrier that flies your specific route , you can go to the individual website and double check the actual prices .
SeatGuru.com
SeatGuru is a unique site that contains the specific layouts of over 700 + different planes from various airlines .
How is this useful information to you ?
Well for each type of aircraft , they label the different seats as “ good ” ( green ) , “ some drawback ” ( yellow ) , or “ bad ” ( red ) .
For example , because of the layout of the hull a specific row may have a considerable amount of extra legroom .
Conversely , some rows may be a tighter fit or be close to the engines or infant seating .
SeatGuru will show you in full color what to look out for .
They even break down where to find power outlets , overhead television locations , and , of course , bathrooms .
This may not directly save you time or money , but it can add value .
Next time an agent asks you for your seating preference , you can tell them , “ I 'll take 12E , since it has a little extra leg room , a good view of a television , and nice accessibility to the exit after we land ! ”
Lake County and Porter County Estate Planning Lawyer
Northwest Indiana Wills and Trusts Attorney
At Laura L. Rybicki , LLC , our lawyers take a unique approach to the law that is client - centered .
We care about our clients ’ wants and needs when considering the best approach for each case .
This client - oriented focus leads each case to a resolution as quickly and efficiently as possible .
Some of the legal matters we handle include :
Estate planning :
We help individuals and families protect their assets and the people they love by drafting wills , trusts , powers of attorney , living wills and other estate planning documents .
We help individuals and families protect their assets and the people they love by drafting wills , trusts , powers of attorney , living wills and other estate planning documents .
Estate Administration
Guardianships
Determined Advocates Who Will Fight for You
If you need an attorney who will provide experienced and dedicated representation , we can help .
At Laura L. Rybicki , LLC , in St. John , our attorneys represent clients in Lake County , Porter County and throughout northern Indiana .
We offer a free initial consultation for estate planning .
For More Information
For more information or to schedule a free consultation with our Lake County and Porter County estate planning attorneys , call 219-365-7766 or fill out the contact form on this website .
The evil bastard in me wants to see you copy this and start playing with it at events .
The sensible adult in me still wants you to do this but does n't want to be any where near you when your playing with it .
SEATTLE ( Reuters ) - A man accused of gunning down four police officers was shot and killed by authorities on Tuesday in a case that could affect a potential 2012 U.S. presidential candidate who granted him clemency in the past .
Slideshow ( 5 images )
Maurice Clemmons , wanted in the Sunday morning fatal shootings of four officers in a coffee shop near Tacoma , Washington , was shot dead by a police officer in south Seattle , the Pierce County Sheriff ’s Department said .
The crime received national attention in the United States in part because Clemmons , while serving a long prison sentence , had received clemency from then - Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee , who sought the Republican presidential nomination in 2008 and has said he is considering running again in 2012 .
Clemmons has been in and out of prison for various criminal convictions over the past two decades .
He was sentenced in 1989 to 108 years in prison after being convicted of aggravated robbery and other charges in Arkansas .
In 2000 , Huckabee commuted his sentence and Clemmons was granted parole , according to U.S. media reports .
Clemmons returned to prison a year later for a robbery conviction , but was released again in 2004 by the parole board , according to U.S. media reports .
Huckabee ’s record of granting clemency to other convicted criminals has drawn previous criticism .
Huckabee is a political conservative who is one of the most prominent possible 2012 Republican presidential candidates .
His party prides itself on being tough on crime .
Some Republicans have accused Democrats of being too lenient on criminals .
Huckabee has sought to downplay his link to Clemmons .
“ Should he be found to be responsible for this horrible tragedy , it will be the result of a series of failures in the criminal justice system in both Arkansas and Washington state , ” Huckabee said in a statement posted on his website Sunday .
Authorities have called the shootings at the Forza Coffee Shop an ambush , but have not ascribed a motive .
The attack occurred 40 miles southwest of Seattle .
The officers were preparing for their day shift when they were shot .
A handgun belonging to one of them was found in Clemmons ’ possession Tuesday , police said .
A suspected getaway driver and three other people who may have helped Clemmons evade police for two days also have been arrested , police said .
European energy companies , faced with weakening demand and plentiful lower - cost fuel supplies , have bought far less natural gas from Russia 's OAO Gazprom this year than they are obliged to under long - term contracts -- setting the scene for a potentially damaging showdown with Moscow .
Even as we 've been going through years of hand - wringing about security of supply , and about how Russia was an unreliable gas supplier , it comes out the European gas buyers are themselves increasingly refusing to pay the price that underpins the security of their Russian supplies , and are breaking their contractual obligations towards Gazprom , making Europe , erm , a less reliable customer ... something that 's likely to come and bite us in the near future :
The reason for this is that long term gas supply contracts have their prices linked to that of oil , and the price of oil is now significantly higher than the price for the equivalent volume of gas on the spot markets , thanks mainly to currently very weak demand for gas in Europe , courtesy of the economic crash .
But the whole point of these long term contracts is to guarantee both supply for the buyers , and demand for the sellers .
In fact , their very name ( " take - or - pay , " ie buyers have to pay even if they do n't take delivery of the gas ) suggests that it is security of demand which is the more important of the two .
European buyers apparently unwilling that price is a major new development , and a very worrying one .
Of course , they will argue that they are in a competitive market , and cannot let their competitors undercut them with cheap gas procured on the spot market .
In the goold old days , when they were domestic monopolies , the higher cost of supply could be passed on , in coordination with national authorities , to customers via regulated tariffs , but these do n't exist .
It is not unreasonable for the now deregulated players that entered into these contracts for national security reasons to be compensated for that effort .
But of course there are no mechanisms to do so .
Take - or - pay contracts are a vestige of the early days of the gas industry when liquid spot markets did n't exist and producers needed long - term deals with stable prices to underpin vast investments in new gas fields .
The WSJ article blithely suggests that such long term contracts are no longer necessary , and that private markets and spot prices will spur the requisite upfront investment by companies like Gazprom .
They might want to take a look at how ExxonMobil , Shell and others developed the Qatari gas industry : on the back of long term take - or - pay contracts for significant portions of the production .
Even if Russia were somehow to authorize foreign investment in its gas fields , and exports of that gas by Western oil majors , the contracts would still look very similar to those currently signed with Gazprom .
The issue here is the short term gap between oil - based and gas - based spot prices , which make the Russian ( and Algerian , and Norwegian ) contracts uncompetitive today .
But the European buyers did not complain too loudly when oil price increases in 2002 - 2008 were passed on to them only with a lag of several months , ie when the differential was in their favor .
So we bump against the intrinsic short termist behavior required of private firms in a deregulated market , which makes a joke of the supposed preoccupations of our governments with security of supply .
Long term contracts ARE the best answer to security of supply worries , and they have worked in this industry for 40 years - and they are being trashed by the industry today , because it damages their profits this quarter .
It does n't seem to matter that we get demonstration after demonstration that deregulated markets do not fulfill the most basic objectives of a sane energy policy ( unless you count the profits of energy companies , traders and the banks supporting their speculative endeavors as the only such objectives ) - the only lesson our pundits and propagandists " get " from such crises is to call for yet more deregulation .
Go figure .
Children are being put through the hatches of recycling banks to steal second - hand clothing , according to charity officials in Lincolnshire .
A recycling bank containing Oxfam donations at Morrisons ' car park , in Wainfleet Road , Skegness , has been targeted five times since July .
The practice has been described as " extremely dangerous " and police said lives could be at risk .
Oxfam officials said their shops were suffering due to the stolen donations .
Eight bags of charity clothing were stolen in the latest incident on Friday .
' Have a conscience '
Oxfam spokeswoman Sue Ray said : " They are putting a person into the hopper , usually a child , into a dark metal bank not knowing what 's in there .
" It 's got to be extremely dangerous . "
Police said they are trying to trace those responsible .
PCSO Claire Scott said : " Apart from the fact that clothing being donated by kind members of our community for charity is being stolen , we are concerned someone could become stuck in the metal container and put their life at risk .
" We urge those responsible to have a conscience and stop what they are doing . "
Ms Ray said the donations were " desperately needed " by shops and appealed for people to take bags directly into branches .
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos !
Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured , along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer .
2009 November 2
Explanation : Last week , NASA test fired a new rocket .
The Ares 1 - X was the first non-shuttle rocket launched from Kennedy Space Center since the Saturn launched humans to Earth orbit and the Moon in the 1960s and 1970s .
NASA is testing Ares as a prelude to replacing the aging space shuttle fleet .
The tremendous thrust of the Ares 1 - X can bring the massive rocket from a standing start to a vertical speed of over 100 kilometers per hour in under eight seconds .
The test rocket launched last week was longer than a football field and covered with over 700 sensors to record data that will enable engineers to refine details of future Ares rockets .
Pictured above , the Ares 1 - X blasts into space while the top part of the rocket becomes engulfed in a shock collar of water droplets likely created by the sudden drop of air pressure .
Comcast has agreed to settle a class - action lawsuit over the throttling of P2P connections that had users up in arms in late 2007 and 2008 .
The company still stands behind its controversial methods for " managing " network traffic , but claims that it wants to " avoid a potentially lengthy and distracting legal dispute that would serve no useful purpose . "
It was more than two years ago when Comcast subscribers began finding evidence that the broadband provider was blocking packets — particularly those being sent through BitTorrent .
When the complaints mounted , the Associated Press went ahead with its own investigation and came to the same conclusion : downloads through BitTorrent were either being blocked altogether or being slowed down significantly .
At that time , Comcast vehemently denied that it had anything to do with these mysterious slowdowns .
This was despite the fact that numerous customers reported that their Comcast connections were sending reset packets out to the rest of the Internet — the AP discovered that nearly half of the reset packets being received by cable competitor Time Warner were coming from Comcast .
Eventually , Comcast acknowledged that it had engaged in " traffic management " techniques in order to keep its network speedy , which eventually resulted in an FCC investigation and a subsequent abandoning of its P2P - hatin ' ways in favor of a more neutral congestion management system .
That , of course , failed to stop several class - action lawsuits from moving forward .
Angry customers argued that Comcast had violated its own Terms of Service as well as various consumer protection laws by representing itself as offering the fastest Internet connection — P2P or not .
Comcast has now agreed to settle at least one of those , which was filed in the US District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania .
As part of the proposed settlement , Comcast wants to pay up to $ 16 million ( minus attorney 's fees ) to class members who believe they were affected by the company 's practices .
Do n't get too excited over that big number , though .
The proposed settlement page ( which still awaits final approval from a judge ) says that those who submit valid claim forms will receive " a share " of the total ... that wo n't go over $ 16 .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Introduction by Tom Engelhardt
Back in March , Pepe Escobar , that itchy , edgy global reporter for one of my favorite on - line publications , Asia Times , began laying out the great , ongoing energy struggle across Eurasia , or what he likes to call Pipelinestan for its web of oil and natural gas pipelines .
In his first report , he dealt with the embattled energy corridor ( and a key pipeline ) that runs from the Caspian Sea to Europe through Georgia and Turkey — and the Great Game of business , diplomacy , and proxy war between Russia and the U.S. that has gone with it .
Now , in the second of what will be periodic “ postcards ” from the energy heartlands of the planet , he plunges eastward into tumultuous Central and South Asia and the great devolving battleground that , in Washington , now goes by the neologism of Af - Pak ( for the Afghanistan - Pakistan theater of operations ) .
There , the skies are filled with planes and unmanned aerial drones , and civilians as well as combatants die every day in increasing numbers as ever more frequent attacks and expanding conflicts make daily headlines , while , in Afghanistan , Washington continues to build new military bases and ready itself to send in reinforcements .
Those are , of course , the front - page stories .
Energy , especially in the form of oil and natural gas , fuels everything from civilization to its various discontents and means of destruction , and yet it remains largely on the business pages of our papers .
Even in a time of relatively depressed oil and gas prices , energy runs like an undercurrent just beneath global headlines .
Under the carnage of war , that is , courses what Escobar likes to call the Liquid War , and just how the energy flows and through which territories controlled by whom does turn out to make — quite literally — a world of difference , even if that is n’t what captures our attention most of the time .
Today , let Escobar , whose latest book is Obama Does Globalistan , take you deep into the “ New Great Game ” that will determine the shape of our future planet .
Tom
Blue Gold , Turkmen Bashes , and Asian Grids
Pipelineistan in Conflict
By Pepe Escobar
As Barack Obama heads into his second hundred days in office , let ’s head for the big picture ourselves , the ultimate global plot line , the tumultuous rush towards a new , polycentric world order .
In its first hundred days , the Obama presidency introduced us to a brand new acronym , OCO for Overseas Contingency Operations , formerly known as GWOT ( as in Global War on Terror ) .
Use either name , or anything else you want , and what you ’re really talking about is what ’s happening on the immense energy battlefield that extends from Iran to the Pacific Ocean .
It ’s there that the Liquid War for the control of Eurasia takes place .
Yep , it all comes down to black gold and “ blue gold ” ( natural gas ) , hydrocarbon wealth beyond compare , and so it ’s time to trek back to that ever - flowing wonderland — Pipelineistan .
It ’s time to dust off the acronyms , especially the SCO or Shanghai Cooperative Organization , the Asian response to NATO , and learn a few new ones like IPI and TAPI .
Above all , it ’s time to check out the most recent moves on the giant chessboard of Eurasia , where Washington wants to be a crucial , if not dominant , player .
We ’ve already seen Pipelineistan wars in Kosovo and Georgia , and we ’ve followed Washington ’s favorite pipeline , the BTC , which was supposed to tilt the flow of energy westward , sending oil coursing past both Iran and Russia .
Things did n’t quite turn out that way , but we ’ve got to move on , the New Great Game never stops .
Now , it ’s time to grasp just what the Asian Energy Security Grid is all about , visit a surreal natural gas republic , and understand why that Grid is so deeply implicated in the Af - Pak war .
Every time I ’ve visited Iran , energy analysts stress the total “ interdependence of Asia and Persian Gulf geo-ecopolitics . ”
What they mean is the ultimate importance to various great and regional powers of Asian integration via a sprawling mass of energy pipelines that will someday , somehow , link the Persian Gulf , Central Asia , South Asia , Russia , and China .
The major Iranian card in the Asian integration game is the gigantic South Pars natural gas field ( which Iran shares with Qatar ) .
It is estimated to hold at least 9 % of the world ’s proven natural gas reserves .
As much as Washington may live in perpetual denial , Russia and Iran together control roughly 20 % of the world ’s oil reserves and nearly 50 % of its gas reserves .
Think about that for a moment .
It ’s little wonder that , for the leadership of both countries as well as China ’s , the idea of Asian integration , of the Grid , is sacrosanct .
If it ever gets built , a major node on that Grid will surely be the prospective $ 7.6 billion Iran- Pakistan - India ( IPI ) pipeline , also known as the “ peace pipeline . ”
After years of wrangling , a nearly miraculous agreement for its construction was initialed in 2008 .
At least in this rare case , both Pakistan and India stood shoulder to shoulder in rejecting relentless pressure from the Bush administration to scotch the deal .
It could n’t be otherwise .
Pakistan , after all , is an energy - poor , desperate customer of the Grid .
One year ago , in a speech at Beijing ’s Tsinghua University , then - President Pervez Musharraf did everything but drop to his knees and beg China to dump money into pipelines linking the Persian Gulf and Pakistan with China ’s Far West .
If this were to happen , it might help transform Pakistan from a near - failed state into a mighty “ energy corridor ” to the Middle East .
If you think of a pipeline as an umbilical cord , it goes without saying that IPI , far more than any form of U.S. aid ( or outright interference ) , would go the extra mile in stabilizing the Pak half of Obama ’s Af - Pak theater of operations , and even possibly relieve it of its India obsession .
If Pakistan ’s fate is in question , Iran ’s is another matter .
Though currently only holding “ observer ” status in the Shanghai Cooperation Organization ( SCO ) , sooner or later it will inevitably become a full member and so enjoy NATO - style , an - attack - on - one - of - us - is - an - attack - on - all - of - us protection .
Imagine , then , the cataclysmic consequences of an Israeli preemptive strike ( backed by Washington or not ) on Iran ’s nuclear facilities .
The SCO will tackle this knotty issue at its next summit in June , in Yekaterinburg , Russia .
Iran ’s relations with both Russia and China are swell — and will remain so no matter who is elected the new Iranian president next month .
China desperately needs Iranian oil and gas , has already clinched a $ 100 billion gas “ deal of the century ” with the Iranians , and has loads of weapons and cheap consumer goods to sell .
No less close to Iran , Russia wants to sell them even more weapons , as well as nuclear energy technology .
And then , moving ever eastward on the great Grid , there ’s Turkmenistan , lodged deep in Central Asia , which , unlike Iran , you may never have heard a thing about .
Let ’s correct that now .
Gurbanguly
Is the Man
Alas , the sun-king of Turkmenistan , the wily , wacky Saparmurat “ Turkmenbashi ” Nyazov , “ the father of all Turkmen ” ( descendants of a formidable race of nomadic horseback warriors who used to attack Silk Road caravans ) is now dead .
But far from forgotten .
The Chinese were huge fans of the Turkmenbashi .
And the joy was mutual .
One key reason the Central Asians love to do business with China is that the Middle Kingdom , unlike both Russia and the United States , carries little modern imperial baggage .
And of course , China will never carp about human rights or foment a color - coded revolution of any sort .
The Chinese are already moving to successfully lobby the new Turkmen president , the spectacularly named Gurbanguly Berdymukhamedov , to speed up the construction of the Mother of All Pipelines .
This Turkmen - Kazakh - China Pipelineistan corridor from eastern Turkmenistan to China ’s Guangdong province will be the longest and most expensive pipeline in the world , 7,000 kilometers of steel pipe at a staggering cost of $ 26 billion .
When China signed the agreement to build it in 2007 , they made sure to add a clever little geopolitical kicker .
The agreement explicitly states that “ Chinese interests ” will not be “ threatened from [ Turkmenistan ’s ] territory by third parties . ”
In translation : no Pentagon bases allowed in that country .
China ’s deft energy diplomacy game plan in the former Soviet republics of Central Asia is a pure winner .
In the case of Turkmenistan , lucrative deals are offered and partnerships with Russia are encouraged to boost Turkmen gas production .
There are to be no Russian - Chinese antagonisms , as befits the main partners in the SCO , because the Asian Energy Security Grid story is really and truly about them .
By the way , elsewhere on the Grid , those two countries recently agreed to extend the East Siberian - Pacific Ocean oil pipeline to China by the end of 2010 .
After all , energy - ravenous China badly needs not just Turkmen gas , but Russia ’s liquefied natural gas ( LNG ) .
With energy prices low and the global economy melting down , times are sure to be tough for the Kremlin through at least 2010 , but this wo n’t derail its push to forge a Central Asian energy club within the SCO .
Think of all this as essentially an energy entente cordiale with China .
Russian Deputy Industry and Energy Minister Ivan Materov has been among those insistently swearing that this will not someday lead to a “ gas OPEC ” within the SCO .
It remains to be seen how the Obama national security team decides to counteract the successful Russian strategy of undermining by all possible means a U.S. - promoted East - West Caspian Sea energy corridor , while solidifying a Russian - controlled Pipelineistan stretching from Kazakhstan to Greece that will monopolize the flow of energy to Western Europe .
The Real Afghan War
In the ever - shifting New Great Game in Eurasia , a key question — why Afghanistan matters — is simply not part of the discussion in the United States .
( Hint : It has nothing to do with the liberation of Afghan women . )
In part , this is because the idea that energy and Afghanistan might have anything in common is verboten .
And yet , rest assured , nothing of significance takes place in Eurasia without an energy angle .
In the case of Afghanistan , keep in mind that Central and South Asia have been considered by American strategists crucial places to plant the flag ; and once the Soviet Union collapsed , control of the energy - rich former Soviet republics in the region was quickly seen as essential to future U.S. global power .
It would be there , as they imagined it , that the U.S. Empire of Bases would intersect crucially with Pipelineistan in a way that would leave both Russia and China on the defensive .
Think of Afghanistan , then , as an overlooked subplot in the ongoing Liquid War .
After all , an overarching goal of U.S. foreign policy since President Richard Nixon ’s era in the early 1970s has been to split Russia and China .
The leadership of the SCO has been focused on this since the U.S. Congress passed the Silk Road Strategy
Act five days before beginning the bombing of Serbia in March 1999 .
That act clearly identified American geo-strategic interests from the Black Sea to western China with building a mosaic of American protectorates in Central Asia and militarizing the Eurasian energy corridor .
Afghanistan , as it happens , sits conveniently at the crossroads of any new Silk Road linking the Caucasus to western China , and four nuclear powers ( China , Russia , Pakistan , and India ) lurk in the vicinity .
“ Losing ” Afghanistan and its key network of U.S. military bases would , from the Pentagon ’s point of view , be a disaster , and though it may be a secondary matter in the New Great Game of the moment , it ’s worth remembering that the country itself is a lot more than the towering mountains of the Hindu Kush and immense deserts : it ’s believed to be rich in unexplored deposits of natural gas , petroleum , coal , copper , chrome , talc , barites , sulfur , lead , zinc , and iron ore , as well as precious and semiprecious stones .
And there ’s something highly toxic to be added to this already lethal mix : do n’t forget the narco - dollar angle — the fact that the global heroin cartels that feast on Afghanistan only work with U.S. dollars , not euros .
For the SCO , the top security threat in Afghanistan is n’t the Taliban , but the drug business .
Russia ’s anti-drug czar Viktor Ivanov routinely blasts the disaster that passes for a U.S. / NATO anti-drug war there , stressing that Afghan heroin now kills 30,000 Russians annually , twice as many as were killed during the decade - long U.S. - supported anti-Soviet Afghan jihad of the 1980s .
And then , of course , there are those competing pipelines that , if ever built , either would or would n’t exclude Iran and Russia from the action to their south .
In April 2008 , Turkmenistan , Afghanistan , Pakistan , and India actually signed an agreement to build a long - dreamt - about $ 7.6 billion ( and counting ) pipeline , whose acronym TAPI combines the first letters of their names and would also someday deliver natural gas from Turkmenistan to Pakistan and India without the involvement of either Iran or Russia .
It would cut right through the heart of Western Afghanistan , in Herat , and head south across lightly populated Nimruz and Helmand provinces , where the Taliban , various Pashtun guerrillas and assorted highway robbers now merrily run rings around U.S. and NATO forces and where — surprise ! — the U.S. is now building in Dasht - e - Margo ( “ the Desert of Death ” ) a new mega - base to host President Obama ’s surge troops .
TAPI ’s rival is the already mentioned IPI , also theoretically underway and widely derided by Heritage Foundation types in the U.S. , who regularly launch blasts of angry prose at the nefarious idea of India and Pakistan importing gas from “ evil ” Iran .
Theoretically , TAPI ’s construction will start in 2010 and the gas would begin flowing by 2015 .
( Do n’t hold your breath . )
Embattled Afghan President Hamid Karzai , who can hardly secure a few square blocks of central Kabul , even with the help of international forces , nonetheless offered assurances last year that he would not only rid his country of millions of land mines along TAPI ’s route , but somehow get rid of the Taliban in the bargain .
Should there be investors ( nursed by Afghan opium dreams ) delirious enough to sink their money into such a pipeline — and that ’s a monumental if — Afghanistan would collect only $ 160 million a year in transit fees , a mere bagatelle even if it does represent a big chunk of the embattled Karzai ’s current annual revenue .
Count on one thing though , if it ever happened , the Taliban and assorted warlords / highway robbers would be sure to get a cut of the action .
A Clinton - Bush - Obama Great Game
TAPI ’s roller - coaster history actually begins in the mid-1990s , the Clinton era , when the Taliban were dined ( but not wined ) by the California - based energy company Unocal and the Clinton machine .
In 1995 , Unocal first came up with the pipeline idea , even then a product of Washington ’s fatal urge to bypass both Iran and Russia .
Next , Unocal talked to the Turkmenbashi , then to the Taliban , and so launched a classic New Great Game gambit that has yet to end and without which you ca n’t understand the Afghan war Obama has inherited .
A Taliban delegation , thanks to Unocal , enjoyed Houston ’s hospitality in early 1997 and then Washington ’s in December of that year .
When it came to energy negotiations , the Taliban ’s leadership was anything but medieval .
They were tough bargainers , also cannily courting the Argentinean private oil company Bridas , which had secured the right to explore and exploit oil reserves in eastern Turkmenistan .
In August 1997 , financially unstable Bridas sold 60 % of its stock to Amoco , which merged the next year with British Petroleum .
A key Amoco consultant happened to be that ubiquitous Eurasian player , former national security advisor Zbig Brzezinski , while another such luminary , Henry Kissinger , just happened to be a consultant for Unocal .
BP - Amoco , already developing the Baku - Tblisi - Ceyhan ( BTC ) pipeline , now became the major player in what had already been dubbed the Trans - Afghan Pipeline or TAP .
Inevitably , Unocal and BP - Amoco went to war and let the lawyers settle things in a Texas court , where , in October 1998 as the Clinton years drew to an end , BP - Amoco seemed to emerge with the upper hand .
Under newly elected president George W. Bush , however , Unocal snuck back into the game and , as early as January 2001 , was cozying up to the Taliban yet again , this time supported by a star - studded governmental cast of characters , including Undersecretary of State Richard Armitage , himself a former Unocal lobbyist .
The Taliban were duly invited back to Washington in March 2001 via Rahmatullah Hashimi , a top aide to “ The Shadow , ” the movement ’s leader Mullah Omar .
Negotiations eventually broke down because of those pesky transit fees the Taliban demanded .
Beware the Empire ’s fury .
At a Group of Eight summit meeting in Genoa in July 2001 , Western diplomats indicated that the Bush administration had decided to take the Taliban down before year ’s end .
( Pakistani diplomats in Islamabad would later confirm this to me . )
The attacks of September 11 , 2001 just slightly accelerated the schedule .
Nicknamed “ the kebab seller ” in Kabul , Hamid Karzai , a former CIA asset and Unocal representative , who had entertained visiting Taliban members at barbecues in Houston , was soon forced down Afghan throats as the country ’s new leader .
Among the first fruits of Donald Rumsfeld ’s bombing and invasion of Afghanistan in the fall of 2001 was the signing by Karzai , Pakistani President Musharraf and Turkmenistan ’s Nyazov of an agreement committing themselves to build TAP , and so was formally launched a Pipelineistan extension from Central to South Asia with brand USA stamped all over it .
Russian President Vladimir Putin did nothing — until September 2006 , that is , when he delivered his counterpunch with panache .
That ’s when Russian energy behemoth Gazprom agreed to buy Nyazov ’s natural gas at the 40 % mark - up the dictator demanded .
In return , the Russians received priceless gifts ( and the Bush administration a pricey kick in the face ) .
Nyazov turned over control of Turkmenistan ’s entire gas surplus to the Russian company through 2009 , indicated a preference for letting Russia explore the country ’s new gas fields , and stated that Turkmenistan was bowing out of any U.S. - backed Trans - Caspian pipeline project .
( And while he was at it , Putin also cornered much of the gas exports of Kazakhstan and Uzbekistan as well . )
Thus , almost five years later , with occupied Afghanistan in increasingly deadly chaos , TAP seemed dead - on - arrival .
The ( invisible ) star of what would later turn into Obama ’s “ good ” war was already a corpse .
But here ’s the beauty of Pipelineistan : like zombies , dead deals always seem to return and so the game goes on forever .
Just when Russia thought it had Turkmenistan locked in …
A Turkmen Bash
They do n’t call Turkmenistan a “ gas republic ” for nothing .
I ’ve crossed it from the Uzbek border to a Caspian Sea port named — what else — Turkmenbashi where you can purchase one kilo of fresh Beluga for $ 100 and a camel for $ 200 .
That ’s where the gigantic gas fields are , and it ’s obvious that most have not been fully explored .
When , in October 2008 , the British consultancy firm GCA confirmed that the Yolotan - Osman gas fields in southwest Turkmenistan were among the world ’s four largest , holding up to a staggering 14 trillion cubic meters of natural gas , Turkmenistan promptly grabbed second place in the global gas reserves sweepstakes , way ahead of Iran and only 20 % below Russia .
With that news , the earth shook seismically across Pipelineistan .
Just before he died in December 2006 , the flamboyant Turkmenbashi boasted that his country held enough reserves to export 150 billion cubic meters of gas annually for the next 250 years .
Given his notorious megalomania , nobody took him seriously .
So in March 2008 , our man Gurbanguly ordered a GCA audit to dispel any doubts .
After all , in pure Asian Energy Security Grid mode , Turkmenistan had already signed contracts to supply Russia with about 50 billion cubic meters annually , China with 40 billion cubic meters , and Iran with 8 billion cubic meters .
And yet , none of this turns out to be quite as monumental or settled as it may look .
In fact , Turkmenistan and Russia may be playing the energy equivalent of Russian roulette .
After all , virtually all of Turkmenistani gas exports flow north through an old , crumbling Soviet system of pipelines , largely built in the 1960s .
Add to this a Turkmeni knack for raising the stakes non-stop at a time when Gazprom has little choice but to put up with it : without Turkmen gas , it simply can’t export all it needs to Europe , the source of 70 % of Gazprom ’s profits .
Worse yet , according to a Gazprom source quoted in the Russian business daily Kommersant , the stark fact is that the company only thought it controlled all of Turkmenistan ’s gas exports ; the newly discovered gas mega - fields turn out not to be part of the deal .
As my Asia Times colleague , former ambassador M.K. Bhadrakumar put the matter , Gazprom ’s mistake “ is proving to be a misconception of Himalayan proportions . ”
In fact , it ’s as if the New Great Gamesters had just discovered another Everest .
This year , Obama ’s national security strategists lost no time unleashing a no-holds - barred diplomatic campaign to court Turkmenistan .
The goal ?
To accelerate possible ways for all that new Turkmeni gas to flow through the right pipes , and create quite a different energy map and future .
Apart from TAPI , another key objective is to make the prospective $ 5.8 billion Turkey - to - Austria Nabucco pipeline become viable and thus , of course , trump the Russians .
In that way , a key long - term U.S. strategic objective would be fulfilled : Austria , Italy , and Greece , as well as the Balkan and various Central European countries , would be at least partially pulled from Gazprom ’s orbit .
( Await my next “ postcard ” from Pipelineistan for more on this . )
IPI or TAPI ?
Gurbanguly is proving an even more riotous player than the Turkmenbashi .
A year ago he said he was going to hedge his bets , that he was willing to export the bulk of the eight trillion cubic meters of gas reserves he now claims for his country to virtually anyone .
Washington was — and remains — ecstatic .
At an international conference last month in Ashgabat ( “ the city of love ” ) , the Las Vegas of Central Asia , Gurbanguly told a hall packed with Americans , Europeans , and Russians that “ diversification of energy flows and inclusion of new countries into the geography of export routes can help the global economy gain stability . ”
Inevitably , behind closed doors , the TAPI maze came up and TAPI executives once again began discussing pricing and transit fees .
Of course , hard as that may be to settle , it ’s the easy part of the deal .
After all , there ’s that Everest of Afghan security to climb , and someone still has to confirm that Turkmenistan ’s gas reserves are really as fabulous as claimed .
Imperceptible jiggles in Pipelineistan ’s tectonic plates can shake half the world .
Take , for example , an obscure March report in the Balochistan Times : a little noticed pipeline supplying gas to parts of Sindh province in Pakistan , including Karachi , was blown up .
It got next to no media attention , but all across Eurasia and in Washington , those analyzing the comparative advantages of TAPI vs. IPI had to wonder just how risky it might be for India to buy future Iranian gas via increasingly volatile Balochistan .
And then in early April came another mysterious pipeline explosion , this one in Turkmenistan , compromising exports to Russia .
The Turkmenis promptly blamed the Russians ( and TAPI advocates cheered ) , but nothing in Afghanistan itself could have left them cheering very loudly .
Right now , Dick Cheney ’s master plan to get those blue rivers of Turkmeni gas flowing southwards via a future TAPI as part of a U.S. grand strategy for a “ Greater Central Asia ” lies in tatters .
Still , Zbig Brzezinski might disagree , and as he commands Obama ’s attention , he may try to convince the new president that the world needs a $ 7.6 - plus billion , 1,600 - km steel serpent winding through a horribly dangerous war zone .
That ’s certainly the gist of what Brzezinski said immediately after the 2008 Russia - Georgia war , stressing once again that “ the construction of a pipeline from Central Asia via Afghanistan to the south … will maximally expand world society ’s access to the Central Asian energy market . ”
Washington or Beijing ?
Still , give credit where it ’s due .
For the time being , our man Gurbanguly may have snatched the leading role in the New Great Game in this part of Eurasia .
He ’s already signed a groundbreaking gas agreement with RWE from Germany and sent the Russians scrambling .
If , one of these days , the Turkmenistani leader opts for TAPI as well , it will open Washington to an ultimate historical irony .
After so much death and destruction , Washington would undoubtedly have to sit down once again with — yes — the Taliban !
And we ’d be back to July 2001 and those pesky pipeline transit fees .
As it stands at the moment , however , Russia still dominates Pipelineistan , ensuring Central Asian gas flows across Russia ’s network and not through the Trans - Caspian networks privileged by the U.S. and the European Union .
This virtually guarantees Russia ’s crucial geopolitical status as the top gas supplier to Europe and a crucial supplier to Asia as well .
Meanwhile , in “ transit corridor ” Pakistan , where Predator drones soaring over Pashtun tribal villages monopolize the headlines , the shady New Great Game slouches in under - the - radar mode toward the immense , under - populated southern Pakistani province of Balochistan .
The future of the epic IPI vs. TAPI battle may hinge on a single , magic word : Gwadar .
Essentially a fishing village , Gwadar is an Arabian Sea port in that province .
The port was built by China .
In Washington ’s dream scenario , Gwadar becomes the new Dubai of South Asia .
This implies the success of TAPI .
For its part , China badly needs Gwadar as a node for yet another long pipeline to be built to western China .
And where would the gas flowing in that line come from ?
Iran , of course .
Whoever “ wins , ” if Gwadar really becomes part of the Liquid War , Pakistan will finally become a key transit corridor for either Iranian gas from the monster South Pars field heading for China , or a great deal of the Caspian gas from Turkmenistan heading Europe - wards .
To make the scenario even more locally mouth - watering , Pakistan would then be a pivotal place for both NATO and the SCO ( in which it is already an official “ observer ” ) .
Now that ’s as classic as the New Great Game in Eurasia can get .
There ’s NATO vs. the SCO .
With either IPI or TAPI , Turkmenistan wins .
With either IPI or TAPI , Russia loses .
With either IPI or TAPI , Pakistan wins .
With TAPI , Iran loses .
With IPI , Afghanistan loses .
In the end , however , as in any game of high stakes Pipelineistan poker , it all comes down to the top two global players .
Ladies and gentlemen , place your bets : will the winner be Washington or Beijing ?
Pepe Escobar is the roving correspondent for Asia Times and an analyst for the Real News .
Parts of this article draw on his new book , Obama does Globalistan .
His first “ postcard ” from Pipelineistan , “ Liquid War , ” was posted at TomDispatch.com in March .
He may be reached at pepeasia@yahoo.com .
Copyright 2009 Pepe Escobar
The Halo franchise has been one of the most , if not the most popular franchise available on the Xbox and the Xbox 360 .
Possibly , one of the reasons that the series has managed to attract so many followers is that besides being at the very least “ decent shooters , ” Bungie ( the developer of the series ) has managed to create a universe that is both accessible to the masses , yet provides unique layers of depth that will satisfy almost all science fiction fans .
Given the popularity of the series , it should come as no surprise that the series has long since expanded beyond the purely virtual realm .
Currently , the canon spans more than 6 books , several graphic novels and five video games .
Those who take a closer look at the stories told in the games , will find that they include many elements and details regarding locations , characters but also of the races that comprise the Covenant which are only touched upon briefly during the games .
However , Bungie has ensured that all details included in the games are not there as decoration , but tie into the overarching universe and subplots presented in both the games and the associated other types of media .
The primary source to which details in the games are linked , are the six main novels that have been published since 2001 .
Three of these novels cover the story of John - S117 , better known as the Master Chief .
The other three books in the series cover the adventures of other characters , most notably Captain Keyes and Sergeant Major Johnson .
These first three books will be discussed in this article .
The remaining novels , as well as the graphic novel , will be addressed in a later article .
The Fall of Reach
The first book published in the series was The Fall of Reach , written by Eric Nylund and published in 2001 .
In fact , the book was published several days before the first game , Halo : Combat Evolved was launched as the flagship of Microsoft ’s first console .
The story is set in a time period spanning roughly 35 years , and covers both the rise and fall of the SPARTAN - II program as well as one of the most important military battles in the Halo canon : the battle for the military bastion of Reach .
The story begins in 2517 , at the moment John ( a six - year - old at that time ) was selected as a potential candidate for the SPARTAN - II program .
After being kidnapped and consequently conscripted into service by the UNSC ( United Nations Space Command ) along with 74 other 4 to 6 - year olds , John quickly develops into the leader of the all the SPARTAN - II trainees .
The majority of the book follows the story of John , the development of the 75 children into a full - fledged Spartans and several missions early in their careers and against the Covenant .
A side story focuses on Captain Jacob Keyes who , during a routine patrol is confronted with a total of four Covenant ships bearing down on a Human colony .
Keyes manages to ward off the otherwise invaders and is quickly turned into a war hero to boost the wavering morale in the Navy .
The separate story lines of the Master Chief and Captain Keyes intertwine when they are both assigned onto a new mission ; taking most of the available Spartans who managed to survive the training procedures and were n’t killed in action , to infiltrate the Covenant - controlled regions .
With the “ Pillar of Autumn ” and the aid of Cortana , they were to capture one of the Prophets–religious leaders –hoping that the humans would be able to leverage a cease - fire between the warring factions .
Before the mission had a chance to commence , the Covenant launched an all - out attack on Reach , the last major stronghold of humanity , save Earth .
In an attempt to defend the planet , almost all Spartans are sent planet - side to defend Reach , while the Master Chief and two other Spartans are sent to a orbital dock to deny the Covenant information regarding the location of Earth .
However , the battle quickly turns sour and Captain Keyes is forced to extract the Master Chief , a squad of Marines and a critically wounded Spartan and flee the system .
The final chapter of the book overlaps exactly with the first few minutes that were seen as in Halo : Combat Evolved and therefore make the book a perfect prequel to the entire series .
While the book is generally fairly heavy on terminology , both in terms of military jargon and in - canon references , it is most likely to be a very entertaining read for any who ever wanted to know more about the Halo universe .
And while the book was released even before the first Halo game was , it manages to incorporate many elements into the mix that were not explicitly addressed in the video games until much later .
The novel also manages to bring a personal touch to the series .
While the Master Chief almost never shares emotions in the games , he appears much more human in the novels , and almost every other character encountered in the story is detailed and relatable … making it harder to swallow that many of these characters die over the course of the story .
And this is most likely the largest added value of the book to the series in general : to give a personal touch to characters , and breathing life into the environments that are encountered during the video games .
The Flood
The second novel in the series is titled The Flood and was penned by a different author than The Fall of Reach .
In The Flood , author William C. Dietz addresses the events that happened on Halo during the exact same time as Halo : Combat Evolved , and therefore makes it one of the few books that are directly derived from the content of a videogame .
The story contained in the novel is told from several different viewpoints .
Where The Fall of Reach restricted itself to the adventures of John - S117 and Captain Keyes , The Flood focuses on many more characters including an ODST Lieutenant , a Private who is later infected by the Flood , and a Covenant Elite spy on a personal mission to defeat the Master Chief .
These different viewpoints contribute to a unique insight into the Halo universe , and it is especially interesting to read what different events transpired during Halo : Combat Evolved besides the events witnessed in the game .
For those who ever wondered where all those marines on Halo came from and how they managed to keep all their hardware intact despite the fact that the large ship that carried them crashed and was nearly destroyed … look no further .
Unfortunately , though the novel adds new layers of depth to Halo : Combat Evolved , the book is somewhat less enjoyable to read when compared to The Fall of Reach .
This is mainly due to the fact that the adventures of the Master Chief are transcribed into the book in the same way as they occurred during the game .
Every line of dialogue , every group of enemies he encounters , down to the repetitive cover - reload - recharge shields - open fire mechanics , it is all included in the story .
While reading , you might find yourself wondering why you ’re not playing these same sequences , and it can safely be said that this part of the story is much more fun on a gaming monitor .
Though the Master Chief might not be the most interesting character in the story , this is more than made up for by the accounts of Captain Keyes as he tries to evade Covenant search parties that are hunting him .
Other interesting side - stories include characters like Melissa McKay , an ODST Lieutenant whose main wish is to bring as many of her soldiers back to Earth as possible , and Private Jenkins , who becomes infected by the Flood parasite but manages to preserve consciousness within his own deformed body .
Those who have played the game will find the novel incredibly faithful to the source material .
Nearly all lines that were spoken in the game are identical in the novel , though some sentences have been added on occasion to make it easier to understand for those who are new to the series .
Furthermore , minor characters in the games suddenly turn out to be playing large roles in the overarching story .
Private Jenkins , who was never seen on - screen in the game , proves to be one of the most important characters in the events surrounding Halo .
His helmet camera captured footage of the Flood infection , which the Master Chief finds during the game .
The book is filled with these kinds of references and it manages to tie links between many of the details in the game .
Together , these details lift Halo : Combat Evolved to a whole new level .
However , those who have not played this game might find the book a little stale , and might not be able to appreciate most of the fan - service this book offers .
First Strike
The third , and final book in the Halo series to cover the actions of the Master Chief , was once again written by Eric Nylund .
Similar to previous novels , First Strike also tells a story from multiple perspectives .
Since most of the characters created in the first two books were killed during the events on Halo , the book begins with an account of the team of Spartans that headed down to the surface of Reach before the conclusion of The Fall of Reach .
A small group of the Spartans manage to escape the Covenant onslaught and the subsequent destruction of the planet ’s surface .
They hide beneath the surface in a military installation with the ‘ mother ’ of the Spartan - II programme , Dr. Halsey ( a minor character in The Fall of Reach ) .
The novel also addresses how the Master Chief managed to return to Earth after being stranded in the debris field of Halo .
After teaming up with one Pelican filled with survivors ( including Sergeant Johnson , who managed to escape the Flood infection ) , they manage to capture a Covenant ship and use it to return to Reach .
Revealing much more of the story would reveal too many important plot elements .
First Strike is possibly the most important book in the entire series , as it ties together Halo : Combat Evolved and Halo 2 .
Furthermore , those who have played both Halo 2 and have read this book , will find that the game includes a large number of references to the novel .
Apparent plot holes that were not explained sufficiently in the game , are made understandable between the lines of the book .
The story also includes numerous references to both The Fall of Reach and The Flood , making this a tremendously fun read for those who have read and enjoyed both previous books .
For anybody who has played any game in the Halo series , and has developed any form of interest in learning more about this universe , I can definitely recommend these novels .
For general science - fiction fans who are unfamiliar with the games , the plot may seem somewhat shallow at times , but they are likely to find the books enjoyable nonetheless .
Readers will likely finish The Fall of Reach and First Strike within days .
Finishing
The Flood perhaps will take a little longer since it is less adrenaline - fueled , has a slightly slower pacing and spreads its attention across multiple different perspectives of the Halo universe .
These books are available at most bookstores that have a dedicated science fiction / franchise department , and can be purchased in a bundle for roughly $ 20 - $ 25 .
welcome to our blog !
The food we eat , the water we drink , the air we breathe , the fuel for our car and home , the electricity for our laptop and ipod and cell phone , the materials in our flat screen tv and in our water bottle and our clothing and even the medicines and herbal supplements we take depend upon the integrity of Earth ’s basic ecosystems .
This course is designed to describe Earth ’s basic ecosystems ( energy sources , constituent materials , inhabitants , relationships among these inhabitants ) and the ways in which these systems change and adapt over time .
At the same time we will explore the difficulty of evaluating the cost to Earth ’s basic ecosystems of our life choices ( what to eat , where to live , how to get about , how to spend our spare time , how to make a living ) .
We will attempt to better understand why many humans are making choices that threaten the long - term survival ( sustainability ) of Earth ’s ecosystems .
Our ultimate goal is to have the necessary information to be able to adapt our life choices in ways that will benefit the sustainability of Earth ’s ecosystems and thus of our own species .
IN THIS BLOG WE INTEGRATE AND ANALYZE WHAT WE HAVE LEARNED , AND OUR THOUGHTS AND REACTIONS TO THAT INFORMATION , FROM THE PERSPECTIVE OF THE ELEMENT OF “ WATER ” .
This report by Hala Nouhad Nasreddine for Middle East Monitor is a detailed investigation that connects money laundering and suspicious transactions revealed by the dossier called FinCEN Files , and revealed by Buzzfeed .
These are operations that would have helped to fund criminal groups , oligarchs and shady characters , drug trafficking cartels and even terrorist organizations , such as ISIS .
SAN FRANCISCO  EBay plans to announce on Tuesday a deal to sell its Skype Internet calling division to a group of private investors , according to two people briefed on the company ’s plans .
The investment group is likely to include Andreessen Horowitz , a new venture capital firm headed by the Netscape co-founder Marc Andreessen , these people said .
One of the people added that Index Ventures , a London - based venture capital firm that was an early investor in Skype , and the private equity firm Silver Lake Partners were also involved .
A price was not disclosed , but eBay has said it wants around $ 2 billion for Skype , which is on track to take in more than $ 600 million in revenue this year .
Alan Marks , an eBay spokesman , would not comment on the matter .
Mr. Andreessen is on eBay ’s board of directors .
EBay acquired Skype in 2005 , outbidding Google and Yahoo in a deal that has come to be viewed as one of the worst technology transactions of the decade .
Including payouts to Skype ’s founders , the price ultimately topped $ 3.1 billion .
EBay later wrote down $ 900 million of Skype ’s value , after it became clear that the company was not a good fit with eBay ’s main e-commerce and online payment businesses .
Instead of merely admiring the graceful beauty of the Golden Gate Bridge or taking a stroll across the international landmark , visitors could soon explore its off - limits undersides , climb on its cables or ride elevators to the tips of its towers .
Bridge officials , tired of having to raise tolls and transit fares to cover recurring budget deficits , want to add an interactive experience and a history center to the tourist attraction in hopes of getting visitors to leave more of their wallets in San Francisco .
The project could generate as much as $ 9 million a year , according to early estimates given by the Golden Gate Bridge , Highway and Transportation District .
The district faces an estimated $ 132 million deficit over the next five years .
" We want to offer an experience where people can go out on the bridge and experience something that 's not available to the public , " said Mary Currie , spokeswoman for the bridge district .
" If we can come up with something that would be a real educational experience , and something fun and exciting , it will benefit our toll - payers . "
The model for the Golden Gate Bridge experience is the Bridge Climb at the Sydney Harbour Bridge , where visitors pay about $ 200 for a guided trek along catwalks , up and down ladders and along the outer arch of the coat - hanger - shaped bridge .
Bridge officials say they have not yet determined what type of participatory activity would be offered at the Golden Gate .
It could be a tour of the bridge 's understructure , along catwalks dangling high above the water .
Or it could involve a climb up the bridge 's sweeping cables , though their steepness might make it impractical as an activity marketed to the masses .
Currie would n't rule out the possibility of elevator rides to the tower tops , but said that might interfere with maintenance .
Bungee jumping , however , is out .
" It 's not going to become an amusement park , " she said .
" That would not be in keeping with the icon of the Golden Gate Bridge . "
People who help direct visitors to San Francisco tourist attractions said they had n't heard of the plan , but expected it would be a big hit .
" People are so captivated by the Golden Gate Bridge , " said Angela Jackson , a spokeswoman for the San Francisco Convention & Visitors Bureau .
" There is definitely a market for it and a clientele for it . "
A top attraction
Charlotte Stengel , a concierge at the Fairmont Hotel , said the Golden Gate Bridge is one of the top attractions tourists ask about .
" This would definitely be popular , " she said .
The nature of the attraction , and where it would take place , will be part of the proposal process the bridge district started Tuesday .
At this point , the district is seeking statements of interest and qualifications from firms that have done similar projects on public property and have experience dealing with government agencies , Currie said .
The Australian firm operating the Sydney bridge walk is one such company , she said , and a Buffalo company that runs a program at the Houston Space Center is another .
The attraction would need to fit in with the bridge 's maintenance , satisfy safety and security concerns and be unobtrusive to motorists , Currie said .
It will need to be educational , tie in with a new interpretive area being built with a National Science Foundation grant , and include a visitor center .
It would probably take three to four years to set up the attraction , she said .
Logos and large signs would be prohibited , Currie said , acknowledging the response to an unsuccessful 2007 proposal to seek corporate sponsors that would have been able to display corporate logos near , but not on , the bridge .
No advertising
Bridge fans , including San Francisco
Beautiful , fought that proposal , saying that it would open the pristine landmark to the adulteration of corporate advertising .
Sheila Kolenc , interim executive director of the organization , said the group would n't object to this proposal as long as signs and on - site advertising are sparse .
" Getting people outside to see the views of the bridge and get some exercise is something we would support . "
YEREVAN , Armenia  Some 20,000 Armenians turned up for the opening of the Cafesjian Center for the Arts last week .
They jammed the new sculpture park and the terraced gardens and galleries , including the first exhibition ever in Armenia of the Armenian - born American great , Arshile Gorky .
The center , a mad work of architectural megalomania and historical recovery , is one of the strangest but most memorable museum buildings to open in ages .
Imagine an Art Deco version of the Hanging Gardens of Babylon stretching nearly the height of the Empire State Building , its decorations coded with Armenian symbolism .
Did I mention the artificial waterfalls ?
Built into a gigantic hill in the commercial heart of this capital city , with a staircase that climbs the outside linking the gardens , the place was originally conceived in Soviet times to be topped by a monument to the Soviet revolution .
That it has been turned into a contemporary - art center by a rich American is a twist of history whose symbolism is lost on no one here .
There ’s no endowment , no professional board , so it may very well soon fall flat on its face , as so much has in this country where widespread corruption , lethargy and years of isolation have led to an unemployment rate around 40 percent , a crumbling infrastructure and almost no middle class .
By Adam Brimelow
BBC News health correspondent
Organs for transplant are in short supply Israel is to become the first country to give donor card carriers a legal right to priority treatment if they should require an organ transplant .
The law has been changed to try to boost donation rates , as there is a shortage for organs for donation .
Partners and close relatives of those with signed donor cards will also move up the queue , The Lancet medical journal reports .
Critics say patients should be treated on the basis of clinical need .
Writing in The Lancet , Professor Jacob Lavee , of the Sheba Medical Centre , one of the leading advocates for the reform , describes Israel 's organ donation statistics as " grim " .
We would have serious concerns about a system that would move away from treating patients on the basis of clinical need
Dr Vivienne Nathanson
British Medical Association
Only one in 10 adults in Israel carries a donor card .
In the UK about one in four adults is on the organ donor register .
In 2006 , the Israel National Transplant Council established a special committee , including ethicists , philosophers , religious representatives and transplant surgeons to review the problem .
Their proposal to bring in non-medical criteria for organ allocation required legislation by the Israeli parliament .
Under the planned point - based system , people who have signed a donor card will be given priority for a transplant .
Their partners and other close relatives will also qualify .
However , there will be no preference for live donors who give to a chosen recipient rather than the wider waiting list .
Urgent cases
Patients requiring an urgent transplant because of their serious condition will continue to have priority , regardless of the new points - scheme .
But if there are two people in this situation who are equally suitable for a donated organ , the priority system will come into play .
Professor Lavee said the new policy " provides an incentive for individuals to agree to help each other " .
It is important that donated organs are available for those who need them most
Mubeen Bhutta
British Heart Foundation
But he acknowledged that it violated the principle of " true altruism " , and the " ideal " of care being provided solely according to medical need .
However , he concluded that this was a price worth paying .
He said : " If this policy results in the procurement of more organs for transplantation , then it promotes a different but nonetheless important goal of medicine - achievement of maximum health . "
Misgivings Dr Vivienne Nathanson , head of science and ethics at the British Medical Association , voiced strong misgivings .
" We would have serious concerns about a system that would move away from treating patients on the basis of clinical need , " she said .
" Once you start prioritising certain groups , for example those that sign up to the organ register , patients who are really sick and in danger of dying if they do n't receive an organ may end up being pushed to the back of the queue " .
And Mubeen Bhutta , Policy Manager at the British Heart Foundation , said : " This interesting new law in Israel highlights the challenges facing countries around the world seeking to increase the availability of donated organs .
" However , it is important that donated organs are available for those who need them most .
Presumed consent
The BMA and BHF both support the introduction of presumed consent , where instead of opting into donation by signing a register - as happens in the UK - people would be required to state if they did not want their organs to be used for transplantation .
This approach also has the strong backing of the Chief Medical Officer for England , Professor Sir Liam Donaldson , who announced this week that he would step down from the post next May .
" I would love to see presumed consent on organs , " he said .
" This prissiness about the idea of giving organs to somebody after you have died - I think it 's something that 's not supported by the public . "
The Department of Health in England says the UK 's organ donation system has to ensure that patients are treated equally and fairly , based on their need and the importance of achieving the closest possible match .
A spokesman said : " More people are signing up to the organ donor register than ever before but , despite this , three people die every day while waiting for a transplant and more donors are needed .
" We aim to see donor rates increase from 800 donors to 1,400 donors per year by March 2013 , and 20 million people on the organ donor register by 2010 , working towards 25 million by 2013 . "
Preparations for the new policy in Israel will start in the new year with a publicity campaign .
The new arrangements will come into force in January 2011 , with priority going to all those who have had a signed donor card for at least a year .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Some historical context on the big problems rife in the roleplaying hobby , both in regards to design as well as play culture .
Dungeons & Dragons
Dungeons & Dragons was the breakout game that started roleplaying as a widespread hobby .
Two features of D&D would later become problematic for the hobby , primarily in misuse and with the loss of historical context .
Incomplete Texts
Games as products , include rules to teach you how to play the game .
Roleplaying would start off quite differently - the original 1974 D&D books actually were descriptive of games people were already playing - it was assumed those buying the game were probably already playing some version of it - so the rules were more like cliffnotes rather than full instruction manuals .
New people ended up cobbling together “ D&D ” based on how they guessed these rules worked and whatever the local folks agreed upon .
In context , this makes sense .
Out of context , you have people arguing about “ the right way ” to play something that lacks core rule to begin with .
This would also lead to roleplaying games , in general , simply lacking full rules on how to play .
Not only would this make it harder for a new person to pick up a game and learn from the book , this also means that the effect of “ Many games under the same name ” continues to happen over and over .
( ETA : Relevant Grognardia Quote from Gygax : “ … there is so much variation between the way the game is played … there is no continuity and little agreement as to just what the game is and how best to play it . ” )
Wargaming Roots
D&D was based off miniatures wargaming , and such , was focused on a lot of things specific to wargaming - combat , movement , encumberance , etc .
What would become a problem later on , was that 99 % of roleplaying games would copy these features whether or not it made sense for the game concept .
Tied into the issue of Incomplete Texts , is that the context or reasons for design decisions would be lost over time , yet people still copying them over and over , with less and less understanding what purpose it served ( which is basically the opposite of design ) .
Seeing enough of this , many players ( and designers ! ) would come to conclusion that ALL rules were shitty , and mostly worthless and not worth thinking about .
“ We ’re all playing the same game ! ”
So you had all these folks playing different games , under the same name .
Somewhere , that context was lost .
And those people were trying to play together .
Later editions of D&D and most roleplaying games that followed , attempted to cater to ALL of these groups , at the same time .
To “ solve ” the issue of gamers with mutually exclusive goals trying to play together , there ’s a ton of advice in everything from the game texts to magazines and newsletters either a ) trying a variety of tricks to try to keep up interest and minimize conflict or b ) convince everyone involved that one method is better than all others , primarily by laying claim to “ real roleplaying ” , and in both cases , with a lot of shame and identity calls as the basis of proof .
Hobby - wise , this means you have :
a ) A hobby with the general design philosophy that design actually does n’t matter nor does complete communication of how to play
b ) A group of enthusiasts with no means of communicating what they want to do together , and a lot of shaming when that goes wrong
Aiyah .
White Wolf Games
White
Wolf games were a breakout success hitting the second wave of mainstream push , primarily by cashing in on goth and neo -pagan kitsch .
Like D&D , two aspects of White Wolf ’s games would become very problematic from a social contract aspect and influence most game groups , one way or another .
Illusionism
White Wolf games promoted a style of play in which the GM ushers the players ’ characters through a pre-written story .
The problem is that the GM is supposed to do this without the players ever realizing that their choices are limited or non-existent - in fact , contrary to what the rules state ( “ Players control the characters ” ) – hence the “ illusion ” .
Illusionism ’s method is deceit and social manipulation .
The GM can ( and should ! ) lie , cheat , ignore the rules whenever necessary to produce a good story .
These things were not just promoted as acceptable , but signs of a “ Master Storyteller ” .
Even still , it ’s very hard to play to a script you ’ve never read , and it ’s also very hard to get people to do things without knowing you ’re pushing them towards doing so .
When ’s the last time your unrequited crush read your mind and asked you out on a date ?
Or that annoying person suddenly stopped being annoying without you saying anything ?
Illusionism is a fairly unreliable method of play , yet has become a common standard for most roleplaying games .
Identity & Esteem
The constant calls to esteem worked well as a marketing tool - it served to push the WW games ’ branding away from Dungeons and Dragons , and also to bring over gamers from other rpgs in the hopes that this time , the game would deliver on fun story which was n’t working out with other games .
Of course , these games carried over the problems from before , including not - really - design and wargame bits ( the cries about Power Players and Munchkins still remain ) except now also you had Illusionism .
Which worked very rarely , if at all .
Instead of questioning the design or the theory behind that ( after all , there was stacks of books saying it worked ) , people got frustrated and began pointing fingers and shaming .
Later books would have telling phrases like , “ The rules exist to prevent bitterness between the players ” , which kind of tells you how far it went for some .
The Impossible Social Contract
When you have a core game philosophy that works on “ I want you to do things without me communicating them to you ” and “ I can lie and use social pressure to get there ” , there ’s not really any basis on which you can build a functional social contract .
Games work because people agree to play by a set of rules .
If the rules are unknowable , or , that one person is lying about that agreement , you have no basis on which to negotiate the game or even agree to anything in actuality .
Hobby - wise , this means you have :
c ) An atmosphere in which deceit and social manipulation are expected , destroying any sensible space to form trust
d ) A culture in which play cannot be analyzed – the methodology of the party line is correct - any errors must be with those around you
I ’m pointing these things out as things to be overcome .
The typical issues that are bemoaned , “ I ca n’t find people to play with ” , “ Problem players ” , “ How do I get my players to do this ? ” basically grow out of these things .
Next : A Way Out .
ETA : The Forge has it ’s articles back online – A Hard Look at D&D is worth checking out .
If you happen across any of the OD&D “ Little Brown Books ” online , you may wish to look at those especially .
Henrik Poulsen , CEO , Ørsted
” Our vision is a world that runs entirely on green energy .
We want to be a company that provides real , tangible solutions to one of the world ’s most difficult and urgent problems . ”
As executioners poked his limbs with an IV needle , Romell Broom initially tried to speed along his own demise , flexing his arm and tugging on a rubber tourniquet to better expose a vein on the inside of his elbow .
But as prison workers repeatedly failed to find a vein strong enough to take the lethal injections , the convicted rapist - murderer began to despair over his protracted end .
Witnesses and the execution - team log from Tuesday describe how the 53 - year - old winced and cried as a shunt inserted in his leg also failed to open a pathway for the fatal drugs .
Two hours and 23 minutes after it started , Ohio Gov .
Ted Strickland halted the execution and scheduled a second attempt for a week later .
The aborted execution has renewed concerns about lethal injection , and raises the question of whether a second execution attempt would violate the 8th Amendment prohibition of cruel and unusual punishment .
Advertisement
On Friday , one of Broom ’s attorneys filed lawsuits in state and federal court alleging that another execution attempt would violate Broom ’s civil rights .
U.S. District Judge Gregory L. Frost issued a temporary restraining order putting off the attempt for at least 10 days .
The attorney , Tim Sweeney , also appealed to the U.S. Supreme Court to review the case .
Only once before has a state ’s execution failed , legal scholars say .
In 1946 , 17 - year - old Willie Francis walked away from Louisiana ’s “ Gruesome Gertie ” electric chair after a 2,500 - volt current coursed through his body .
“ The issue with Willie Francis was , can you re-execute him , or would that be cruel and unusual punishment or double jeopardy ? ” said Deborah Denno , a Fordham University law professor and death penalty expert .
A divided high court decided in 1947 that Louisiana could lawfully subject Francis to execution again .
A second electrocution killed him a year and three days after the first attempt .
Advertisement
“ But so many aspects of that case are so outdated or so specific to Willie Francis and that time that even though it is entrenched precedent with the U.S. Supreme Court and frequently cited , one would look at the Broom case very differently , ” said Denno , whose writings on execution methods were cited by the U.S. Supreme Court majority in last year ’s decision upholding the constitutionality of lethal injection in Kentucky .
“ I think we ’re in a new day in our treatment of human beings , ” said Richard Dieter , executive director of the nonprofit Death Penalty Information Center .
“ To subject someone to being at the brink of death , then yank them back because the state could n’t carry out its own procedures . . . suggests the whole lethal injection process is in need of further review , ” said Dieter , who has expressed views against capital punishment .
The Supreme Court took what some analysts saw as a narrow look at lethal injection in the Kentucky case , Baze vs. Rees .
The state had carried out only one other execution in recent years and , as in the Francis decision , the court found no pattern of flaws with methods .
Advertisement
Other states held off on executions until the justices in April 2008 ruled lethal injection a humane means of execution if carried out correctly .
All 35 states that allow the death penalty use a similar -- though not identical -- three - drug process .
It is often administered by corrections officers rather than doctors because the American Medical Assn. advises against physician participation in executions .
Death penalty opponents say the Broom incident should at least compel Ohio to impose a moratorium on executions and review the procedures .
“ Ohio has a history here .
It ’s not just him .
He ’s the third guy in three years where we ’ve had essentially variations on the same problem , ” said Jeff Gamso , volunteer attorney and former legal director for the ACLU of Ohio .
He was referring to the executions of Joseph Clark in 2006 and Christopher Newton in 2007 in which prison workers took more than an hour and two hours , respectively , to kill the inmates because of trouble locating veins .
Advertisement
Some legal scholars said they expected little legal consequence from the Ohio incident .
“ This certainly put someone through anxiety and stress , but whether that rises to cruel and unusual punishment -- I doubt the Supreme Court at the end of the day would agree with that , ” said John Eastman , dean of the Chapman University School of Law in Orange
Robert Weisberg , a Stanford University law professor and director of the Stanford Criminal Justice Center , said public opinion has been little affected by previous cases where executions were botched .
What is likely to happen , he said , is an incremental backing off from capital punishment because of the costs , delays and mounting concerns about executing the innocent .
Advertisement
Last year , 37 people were executed nationwide , the lowest number in 14 years , partly because of states ’ review of execution procedures .
And 111 death sentences were issued , compared with more than 300 a year in the mid-1990s .
Since 1973 , 135 people have been exonerated and freed from death rows , five of them this year .
Weisberg said California is a prime example of a state that retains a death penalty in theory yet rarely conducts executions despite having the nation ’s biggest death row , with 685 condemned prisoners .
In California , executions have been on hold since early 2006 : Lethal injections have failed to fully anesthetize inmates in six of the 13 executions conducted in the state since capital punishment resumed in 1976 .
Advertisement
--
carol.williams@latimes.com
( CNN ) -- Iran 's parliament has asked authorities to arrest " the main instigators and directors " of Sunday 's violent anti-government protests , the state - run Islamic Republic News Agency reported Wednesday , the same day massive pro-government rallies were held in Tehran and other cities .
Legislator Hassan Noroozi named three people he said " must be arrested " : Mehdi Karrubi , Mir Hossein Moussavi and Fa'ezeh Hashemi .
Karoubi and Moussavi are opposition politicians who challenged President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad in June 's elections .
Hashemi is the daughter of the former reformist president , Ayatollah Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani .
" They must not remain on the sidelines and be safe , " Noroozi said .
" Those who issue statements and invite people to create chaos in the streets and attack one another must be dealt with according to Islamic laws . "
In Sunday 's protests , at least seven demonstrators were killed in clashes with security forces , although the Iranian government has denied that its security forces killed anyone .
Still , a video released Tuesday appeared to show green and white Iranian police vehicles driving into crowds of protesters and running over at least one .
Other videos purported to show people said to have been killed by the police vehicles .
Iranian authorities reported that most of the seven dead had died after being struck with " hard objects or due to similar causes , " according to chief prosecutor Abbas Jafari Dolatabadi .
Amateur video shot by demonstrators showed clashes , and a number of protesters with serious and possibly fatal injuries , including some with apparent gunshot wounds .
But the battles -- depicted in sometimes grainy and shaky amateur videos anonymously posted on the Internet -- have drawn harsh criticisms from the international community , and subsequently harsh criticisms from the Iranian government .
State media sourced an official as saying that about 500 people had been arrested in conjunction with the clashes .
The protests fell on Ashura , a holy day for Shiite Muslims commemorating the martyrdom of Hussein , the grandson of the Prophet Mohammed who was killed in battle in Karbala in 680 A.D .
Earlier Wednesday , IRNA reported that " two known plotters " of the violent post-election protests and Sunday 's demonstrations had " escaped " from Tehran and fled to the north of the country " to be safe from people 's anger . "
But the Fars news agency later retracted IRNA 's report , saying that " informed sources have denied the news that leaders of the plotters have left Tehran . "
As Wednesday 's pro-government crowds headed toward Revolution Square in Tehran , they cried " Death to America , " " Death to Israel , " and " Death to Moussavi . "
Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei told a group of Islamic students from Europe who were visiting Iran that international leaders who condemned Iran 's actions " want to malevolently change the facts and realities and are also influenced by the Zionist media , " according to the Iranian Labor News Agency .
No government opponents were seen at the rally , said CNN 's Shirzad Bozorgmehr from the capital .
Opposition Web sites advised their supporters to stay home .
Bozorgmehr , who watched the demonstrations from the sidelines , said that at Vali Asr square , the crowd was so dense he could not make his way through on foot .
From a bridge , he overlooked an area from Imam Hossein Square to Revolution ( Enghelab ) Square , a distance of about 18 kilometers ( 11 miles ) .
There were " easily hundreds of thousands , if not over a million people , " he said .
There also were protests in Tabriz , Shiraz , Arak , Gilan and Sistan - Baluchestan province , according to government - funded Press TV .
Read more Iran coverage
State television ran messages across the bottom of the screen indicating the nationwide gatherings , which lasted at least two hours , were " huge . "
" Millions of Iranians gather to condemn insulting Ashura , " one ticker read .
Others reported that marchers had renewed their allegiance to Supreme Leader Ayatollah Khamenei , supported the Iranian system and renewed their allegiance to the late Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini , who led Iran for a decade after the 1979 revolution .
According to Bozorgmehr , " The march was orderly and I saw no sign of security forces in any large numbers .
The crowd was a mix of men , women and children , as well as large religious processions accompanied by loud speakers denouncing Sunday 's protests . "
Ahmadinejad said Wednesday 's march showed that criticism by foreign nations can never have a negative impact on his country .
" The officials of these countries should understand that their attempts will not affect the Iranian nations ' equations , stances and idealistic and perfectionist move , " Ahmadinejad told reporters at the end of a Cabinet meeting .
He said the United States and certain European countries were trying to foment unrest in Iran , and described those efforts as futile , Fars reported .
Ahmadinejad also advised President Obama and his European allies to learn from the experiences of their predecessors .
" Officials of the U.S. and certain European states showed again that they have embarked on wrong plans , stances and attitude , " Ahmadinejad said .
The semi-official , state - run ILNA also reported Wednesday that Foreign Minister Manouchehr Mottaki had summoned Britain 's ambassador to Tehran , Simon Gass , and notified him of Iran 's protest over the " intervening stance of the British foreign minister . "
Mottaki threatened Britain with a " slap in the mouth , " ILNA reported .
Rally organizers distributed a news release after the march that condemned the Ashura protests .
They accused those who participated of acting against Ashura , the holy Quran , Islamic values and the Islamic Republic , according to ILNA ( Iranian Labour News Agency ) .
The declaration called the rioters " Mofsed Bel Arz " ( corrupt on Earth ) and said they had waged war against God .
The declaration also demanded that Iranian authorities review the country 's relations with Britain and France , which , along with the United States , have criticized the Iranian government 's intolerance for anti-government protesters .
The document praises Iran 's state media for their " courageous work " in exposing the " plotters " and those in the media who were influenced by foreign spy agencies and had " incited people to riot . "
Among the seven who died in Sunday 's violence was Moussavi 's nephew , Seyyed Ali Moussavi , who was buried quickly on Wednesday with security personnel watching from nearby .
There were no demonstrations or disturbances during the burial , and several plainclothes and uniformed security personnel patrolled the area .
According to NoroozNews , a pro-reformist news
Web site , at least six journalists and political and civil rights activists were arrested early Wednesday .
Among them were Badr - Alsadat Mofidi , director of the Professional Journalists ' Association ; Keyvan Mehregan ; political director of the Eetemad Meli newspaper ; Nasrin Vaziri , who covers parliament for the semi-official ILNA ; and Morteza Kazemian , a staff writer and political activist for the opposition Web site Rahesabz.net , who was detained at 1 a.m .
Another journalist , Masha - Allah Shams Alvazein , was arrested Tuesday morning , NoroozNews said .
According to its report , " three young agents showed up at his house with a nameless arrest warrant , and about one hour after he resisted and asked for a name - specific arrest warrant , two older agents showed up and threatened to take him by force if he did not go willingly . "
NoroozNews said Mansoureh Shojaey , a women 's rights activist , also was arrested Wednesday , shortly after midnight , at her house .
There were reports that a prosecutor has signed arrest warrants for 200 journalists , NoroozNews said .
In Jerusalem on Wednesday , international representatives of jurists , parliamentarians , human rights activists and Iranian dissidents held a news conference to reveal their petition for additional sanctions against Iran .
They cited the country 's " harsh crackdown on opposition demonstrators " as well as its defiance over its nuclear program .
Leading the coalition of about 60 people was Irwin Cotler , a former Justice Minister of Canada , now a Liberal Party member of the Canadian Parliament .
He accused the Iranian government of " gross violations of international law . "
" What we are witnessing in Ahmadinejad 's Iran is a toxic convergence of four distinct yet interrelated dangers : the danger of a nuclear Iran , the danger of state - sanctioned incitement to genocide , the danger of state sponsorship of international terrorism and the danger of a massive assault on human rights , " Cotler said .
L-system plant drawing program written in common lisp
Writing of this program was influenced by two books ABOP and PAIP .
Source :
abop - 0.5.tgz also avaible on github
Linux launcher :
run-abop.tgz is tarball containing common lisp sources .
All you have to do is install make , gcc , binutils , SBCL , libpng , libSDL , libGL and launch run.sh script .
Windows binaries :
run-abop.zip is archive containing precompiled libraries , common lisp sources and SBCL .
Theoreticaly you just have to launch run.bat script .
Here you can download slides from the talk I gave at " Datorzinātņu dienas " conference .
Contact :
rose rendered with povray ( blender model ) ( webgl ) ( components )
freesia rendered with povray ( webgl )
water lily rendered with blender
dandelion rendered with pixie ( webgl )
rendered with pixie using renderman procedural primitives
pine rendered with povray
spruce ( povray ) ( blender ) ( renderman )
animation of a growing tree
maple rendered with povray
birch rendered with povray ( webgl )
anubias ( common aquarium plant ) rendered with blender
christmas tree rendered with blender ( blender model ) ( webgl )
oak rendered with povray ( blender model )
chestnut rendered with povray ( webgl )
young maple rendered with povray ( blender model )
elm tree rendered with blender
crystal rendered with blender
cornflowers rendered with blender
Trying to be WCHA player of the year is a hazardous occupation .
Two weeks after Marc Cheverie got his leg sliced open in a freak accident , UND defenseman Chay Genoway is out an unknown length of time after taking a pretty dangerous hit from St. Cloud 's Aaron Marvin .
Somebody put Justin Fontaine in a bubble .
Sidenote :
In classic coachspeak , UND's Dave Hakstol said of the injury : " I think we 're going to have to take things as they come . "
If you want a creative writing exercise , trying adding " as opposed to ... " at the end at the end of that quote and then trying to complete the sentence .
So far I 've got : " I think we 're going to have to take things as they come , as opposed to traveling back in time to stop Aaron Marvin .
Sure , we 've got the technology -- I bet you did n't know UND had a kickass time travel program at our school ; it 's not all grain alcohol and sorrow up here -- but doing so would rip apart the fragile strings of time and tear asunder our entire view of reality .
But perhaps I 've told you too much , Brad Schlossman .
Anyway , big game next week .
He 'll probably play "
UND 's super - secret time travel machine aside , here 's a video of the hit in question :
Yeah , that 's pretty bad .
The play was called a hit from behind , though the fact that it 's from behind is n't really the issue here .
If players are up against the boards like that , a check from behind is usually never called , and for good reason , since it 's not that dangerous .
The bigger issue is that Marvin drives Genoway 's head into the boards , which is where the injury comes from .
Contact to the head plays really need to become a point of emphasis in college hockey .
No offense to the stuff they picked for this year , but I 've never seen someone get hurt as badly as Genoway or Nick Leddy because they got facewashed in a post - whistle scrum .
And of course there 's one other issue this play .
Did you notice that Genoway had that puck the entire time , until he gave it up when he got crunched by the big number 17 , at which point the puck went onto the stick of St. Cloud 's Chris Hepp .
I think pretty much everyone did , except for the two people that were getting actually getting paid to watch the game on the ice .
You can see officials Don Adam and Tim Walsh discussing the play at the end of the video , which is scary news to begin with .
But after that meeting , the brain trust determined that St. Cloud 's Chris Hepp was the guilty party and kicked him out of the game .
During the intermission , the penalty was revised , and Hepp got to put his equipment back on and got to return to the game , while Marvin was kicked out .
It does make you wonder though .
It 's not like this happened behind the play .
There were two officials on the ice and quite obviously neither one was watching the play whatsoever .
Two officials on the ice was supposed to correct that problem , but two poor officials is n't necessarily better than one poor official .
What else can be said that has n't already been said ?
Officials that are held accountable for their performance , and are trying to earn a spot at the next level would be great .
The WCHA is probably the closest league in North America to pro hockey , so it should n't be hard to find quality candidates .
But the WCHA prefers the buddy system so that 's what we have to live with .
Last week , in Takoma Park , Md. , a new cryptographic voting system that could ensure accurate vote counts was used for the first time in a real election .
MIT ’s Ron Rivest , the Viterbi Professor of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science , helped develop the system and says he ’s quite pleased with how the technology worked .
Takoma Park ’s city clerk , Jessie Carpenter , agrees that the trial “ went very well . ”
To minimize the disruption of existing voting procedures , the system , called Scantegrity II , was designed to work with ordinary optical - scan voting technology .
Optical - scan voting — which has become the dominant technology in the United States since the 2000 presidential election — usually requires the voter to fill in bubbles printed on a ballot next to candidates ’ names .
With Scantegrity II , the voter instead uses a special pen to expose a code printed inside the bubble in invisible ink .
Thereafter , the ballot is fed into an ordinary optical reader , which simply determines which bubbles have been darkened .
Any voter who ’d later like to confirm her vote can simply jot down the code that ’s in the exposed bubble , along with the ballot ’s serial number , and take that information home .
( In the Takoma Park election , voters could record their codes on cards stacked in the voting booths , which were printed with the names of the contested offices — mayor and city councilor . )
The voter can then look up that serial number on the election commission ’s website and confirm that it ’s correlated with the code inside the bubble she marked .
Although on the website , the code is never associated with the candidate ’s name , Scantegrity ensures that if just 2 percent of voters confirm their codes , it ’s statistically almost impossible for vote tampering to go undetected .
The key to the system is that before the election , the election commission prepares a set of tables that , taken together , link the ballot codes and the candidates ’ names ; but that link ca n’t be deduced from any one table by itself .
Then the commission publicly releases a set of digital signatures that cryptographically describe all the entries in the tables without actually revealing them .
That way , the tables ca n’t be tampered with after the ballots are cast , but neither do they reveal any information that ballot stuffers could use before the election .
After the election , the election commission releases some of the information contained in the tables — including the codes exposed on all the recorded ballots — along with encryption keys that verify its authenticity .
The partially revealed tables conceal enough information to preserve voter anonymity :
There ’s no way to figure out which ballot went for which candidate .
But they reveal enough information that anyone interested in performing an audit can ferret out fraud .
How the system works
Going into the Takoma Park trial , the crucial question was whether 2 percent of voters would bother to write down their codes and check them online .
According to Poorvi Vora , a member of the Scantegrity team at George Washington University , 1,722 votes were cast and 66 people checked their codes — almost 4 percent .
Carpenter says that she would have liked that number to be higher .
But “ that ’s not the fault of the Scantegrity system , ” she says .
“ We needed to have done more education of the voters . ”
Another question was whether the decoder pens would hold up over the course of the day .
“ The smudging issue was one we were slightly concerned about , ” Rivest says .
“ You know , if you take a highlighter and you run it over newspaper , it will collect the black ink . ”
Poll workers , he says , were instructed to check the decoder pens occasionally to make sure they were in good working order .
But “ the ink seemed to be lasting fine , ” Rivest says , and “ smudging was n’t much of an issue . ”
Carpenter adds that a very small number of voters refused to use the decoder pens , instead pulling out their own ink pens and filling in the bubbles .
But since the Scantegrity system requires no modification to the optical scanners , that kind of improvised procedural change did n’t affect the final tally .
“ I was a little bit afraid that we ’d have a lot of invalid ballots , ” Carpenter says .
“ But we did n’t .
We had some , but I do n’t think it was high compared to any other ballot - marking system . ”
Rivest confirms that , according to the Scantegrity team ’s research , the fraction of invalid ballots was consistent with that seen in conventional optical - scan voting .
“ I do n’t think the system slowed us down at all , ” Carpenter adds .
Slightly after 5 p.m. , she says , a large wave of voters hit the polls , and the wait got up to about 15 minutes , she says .
But Carpenter believes that the sudden surge was the result of a story on a local National Public Radio affiliate describing the Scantegrity trial .
“ I think we got a little publicity boost that made people come out who might otherwise not have come out , ” she says .
“ We just had tremendous lines once that story hit , and I ca n’t believe it was coincidence . ”
When Takoma Park decided to use the Scantegrity system , “ we certainly took notice of that , ” says Matthew Masterson of the U.S. Election Assistance Commission , which oversees voting technologies and procedures in the United States .
“ The National Institute of Standards and Technology , who ’s our partner in developing the standards , just held a conference on end - to - end cryptographic systems [ like Scantegrity II ] , and we ’ve started the process of looking at systems like that and how to test them . ”
Masterson adds that “ anytime a jurisdiction takes a look at new technology like that — the cryptographic end - to end system in this case — that ’s a great conversation for voters and election officials to be having .
And in that sense , it ’s very positive for democracy . ”
FORMER 500 cc World Champion Wayne Gardner has said Ben Spies ' title - winning Yamaha YZF - R1 is the most difficult bike to ride on the WSB grid !
The 50 - year - old Australian , who clinched the 500 cc crown in 1987 , made the synopsis after riding most of the World Superbike machines in a post - season test session at Portimao racetrack , Portugal .
Gardner , who was one of the few men to truly tame the vicious power of the bikes from the 500 cc two - stroke era , heralded Spies ' machine as the most difficult to ride around Portimao .
The former Honda employee also tested a Ducati , Suzuki , BMW , Honda and Kawasaki .
Speaking after the test , Gardner said :
" They all have a different personalities and above all very particular characteristics .
I was very impressed with the Yamaha but it 's very difficult to ride .
Congratulations to Ben Spies .
He did a great job taking that bike to victory ! "
Intro
Brynn Marie Ervin is the devoted wife to Kyle ; mother to four beauiful children - Grace , Isaiah , Noah and Anthony ; Daughter to Alan and Holly , Ken and Linda ; Sister to Katie , Andy and Alisa ; and a friend to all !
After several weeks of bed rest at home , Brynn was checked into the hospital in order to delay the premature birth of young Anthony to a date where his lungs would be fully developed .
On December 1 , 2009 at 2:37 PM , Anthony Alan Ervin was brought into this world via c-section , weighing in at only 2 pounds 11 ounces and 15.5 inches long .
Unfortunately , 24 hours after the delivery of baby Anthony , a blood clot released from Brynn 's legs and stopped to block the pulmonary artery in her heart for several minutes , causing her to have a seizure .
Brynn immediately underwent successful emergency open heart surgery to clear the clot .
However , Brynn was without oxygen to her brain for 45 minutes or more .
The reality is that this family will have a long road ahead of them to recovery .
Please keep Brynn and her family in your prayers during this time of need .
If you would like to help , there is a link below for donations .
Thank you and God bless for your thoughts and prayers !
Below are Kyle 's daily updates on Brynn 's status .
By
: count ( ) : Parameter must be an array or an object that implements Countable inon line
In another example of Portland networky “ small townness , ” Dave and I recently had the pleasure of catching a shoot for Mike Vogel ’s latest film , Did You Kiss Anyone ?
Up until that day , we had never met Mike .
We had enjoyed his fucking brilliant Snowpocalypse video from the storms last year .
And the charming episodes of Did You Cast Anyone ?
And as usual , we exchanged tweets about what we ate for lunch .
Because that ’s all anyone does on the Twitter .
Dave and I knew that Mike was working on his next film , and we wanted to help in some way .
Preferably , in way that did n’t require ability or talent or knowledge .
After a few emails , we realized we could maybe get him hooked up with a location he needed for a shoot .
Ka-pow !
That ’s how it happens in Portland .
Here ’s cinematographer Brian Mohr pacing off a shot in the banquet room of The Hotel Vintage Plaza .
As it turns out , Mike spent the whole day with a croissant in his hand .
He directed with one hand .
Take that , Scorsese .
Here ’s Drew Hicks and Amanda Englund between takes .
This was a shot where Amanda ’s character is tossed off the bed to the floor .
There were scratchy couch cushions to catch her fall for the multiple takes on this shot .
She was a trooper .
Dave and I sat like quiet little bunnies and tried not to get in the way .
We were sad to have to leave early .
I would have been happy to hang out longer , since they had over 12 hours of shooting to do , with many of the actors in the film arriving later in the day .
It was a pleasure to finally meet Mike and get to see the makings of a local film .
You can learn more About Did You Kiss Anyone and Mike ’s other projects at Front Ave , including The Waiting List , which is making the festival circuit now .
Go , Mike , Go !
Also , I want to mention that Something Blue , another small indie film by my good friend Sean , was in the 2009 Denver Film Festival .
Sean lives in Los Angeles , but traveled to his home state of Iowa to shoot this movie .
“ Iowa ” as a “ location ” played nearly as big a role as the people in his film .
So my feeling is , you can make movies in your hometown .
Smaller towns get it done .
Go out and make something .
Apple appears to have blocked iPhone applications related to the Dalai Lama in its China App Store , making it the latest U.S. technology company to censor its services in China .
Those apps , which appear in most countries ' versions of the App Store , do not currently appear in the Chinese version .
Another app related to Rebiya Kadeer , who like the Dalai Lama is an exiled minority leader reviled by China 's authorities , is unavailable in the China App Store as well .
The apparent censorship comes after carrier China Unicom launched iPhone sales two months ago , making regulatory approval of the phone 's contents in the country necessary for the first time .
" We continue to comply with local laws , " Apple spokeswoman Trudy Muller said in an e-mail when asked about the missing apps .
" Not all apps are available in every country "
At least five iPhone apps related to the Dalai Lama are unavailable in the China store .
Some of those apps -- named Dalai Quotes , Dalai Lama Quotes and Dalai Lama Prayerwheel -- display inspirational quotes from the Tibetan spiritual leader .
Another , Paging Dalai Lama , tells users where he is currently teaching .
A fifth app , Nobel Laureates , contains information about Nobel Prize winners including the Dalai Lama .
Test searches done on four out of five iPhones displayed at the Apple Store in Beijing this month returned no results for the term " Dalai . "
The apps also did not appear for searches done with a computer on iTunes after switching the country selection in the program to China .
One of the iPhones at the Apple Store did display the Dalai Lama apps , though it was unclear why .
Chinese officials condemn the Dalai Lama as a dangerous " splittist " seeking to separate Tibet from China , and have called him a " devil with a human face . "
The Dalai Lama fled Tibet in 1959 after Chinese troops crushed an uprising in the capital city of Lhasa , solidifying Chinese control there .
The religious figure remains widely revered by Tibetans .
Kadeer , an exiled leader of China 's Uighur minority group , gets similar treatment by Chinese officials and state media .
An iPhone app named 10 Conditions , based on a documentary about her life , also did not appear in test searches of the App Store in China .
Apple lets developers choose in which countries ' versions of the App Store to sell their products , but it is unlikely that the Kadeer and Dalai Lama apps are unavailable in China by the choice of their makers .
The app about Kadeer was submitted to the App Stores in all countries , James Boldiston , the app's developer , said in an e-mail .
Other developers said they could not recall if they had excluded China , but most had other apps for sale in the China store , showing that in other cases they had included the country .
" Given that Apple has cooperated with China before ( by not distributing games ) , it 's of course very likely that it 's Apple , not the developers , that are preventing certain apps from appearing , " said one China - based app developer , who asked not to be named , in an e-mail .
Games were not sold in the China App Store before recent months .
Boldiston and other developers of the missing items said Apple had not told them their apps were unavailable in China .
" I did n't know the app had been pulled , and was n't informed , " said James Sugrue , who designed the Dalai Quotes app .
" Apple reserve [s ] the right to do this sort of thing , and while from a censorship point of view I disagree with this , I can understand why they did , " he said .
Apple joins other U.S. technology giants including Yahoo and Google that have come under fire for complying with Chinese government demands on sensitive political issues .
Human rights advocates criticized Yahoo when Shi Tao , a Chinese journalist , landed a 10 - year prison sentence in 2005 partly because of e-mail evidence gained from his private Yahoo account .
Yahoo said it was obeying Chinese law by handing the evidence to authorities .
Google has been criticized for offering a censored version of its search engine for China at Google.cn , which blocks pornographic and some politically sensitive search results .
Google has similarly said it must follow local laws and regulations .
Chinese authorities previously took aim at Apple last year during the Beijing Olympics , when the U.S. iTunes Music Store was blocked in China after it started selling a new collection of songs about Tibet .
The U.S. iTunes Music Store and App Store are both currently accessible from Beijing .
The Chinese iPhone also appears to be subject to the country 's set of Internet controls known by critics as the " Great Firewall . "
Searching the App Store for " Falun Gong , " the name of a spiritual sect banned in China as a cult , caused iPhones in the Beijing Apple Store to display a results loading screen indefinitely , though no Falun Gong apps appear to be offered in any countries .
In contrast , searches for other terms quickly returned a results page .
Other iPhone apps that might be seen as sensitive by Chinese authorities are still offered in the China App Store .
Apps that , for instance , show YouTube videos or let users update their Twitter accounts remain available even though YouTube and Twitter are blocked on the Internet in China .
Interview by David Weinberger for the Broadband
Strategy Week http://broadbandstrategyweek.com
" Author and activist Cory Doctorow argues that the Internet is too central to our lives to be taken away for three accusations of copyright infringement .
Along the way he proposes that turnabout is fair play , and thus Universal ( for example ) ought to have its access to the Net taken away if it issues three false accusations of infringement . "
Original video at http://blip.tv/file/2857773
Light version ( audio + still pictures + captions and subtiles ) at http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rnFrBbj952g
At home with the kids ?
Instantly access any of these
Instantly access any of these printable activity bundles to keep them learning !
This is the place to get the Ultimate Lists of Adjectives .
The list of adjectives is something of wonder .
Behold the modest adjective .
An adjective can leap tall buildings in a single bound .
It makes the average citizen smarter and kinder .
An adjective keeps you in the cleanest car on the block .
Powerful words like adjectives should be used wisely , so make sure you learn how to use your adjective powers for good .
The right adjectives can help you win the war of words with wit , or capture a heart with elegant eloquence .
Hook your readers with mesmerizing tales using adjectives to craft the perfect visuals , or grab the attention of the mysterious decider who reads the essay on your college application .
Adjectives are powerful , you need to be armed with the best resources …our lists of adjectives .
Use the huge list of adjectives or one of the many others that are broken down by category .
OR read on for the grammatical rules of English regarding adjective usage including examples of the different types used , and the separated lists of adjectives by category ( describing people , emotions , food , colors , amount , size and more ) .
An adjective ’s job is to modify a noun or pronoun .
They are always near the noun or pronoun they are describing .
Be careful how you use adjectives such as interesting , beautiful , great , wonderful , or exciting .
Many adjectives like these are overused and add little definition to a sentence .
Instead , show your reader or listener what you are talking about by using verbs and nouns creatively .
Sprinkle fewer well - chosen adjectives for interest .
Adjectives are often used to describe the degree of modification .
The adjective forms are positive , comparative , and superlative .
Examples of adjective usage are :
This tree is tall .
( positive )
That tree is taller .
( comparative )
The last tree in the row is the tallest .
( superlative )
A handful of adjectives have irregular forms of positive , comparative , and superlative usage .
These include good / better / best , bad / worse / worst , little / less / least , much - many - some / more / most , far / further / furthest .
My lunch was good , hers was better , and yours was the best .
Proper adjectives are derived from proper nouns .
They commonly describe something in terms of nationality , religious affiliation , or culture .
Like proper nouns , proper adjectives have their first letter capitalized .
Some examples of proper adjectives include :
American
French
Japanese
Latino
Asian
Australian
Catholic
Lutheran
Jewish
The following adjective lists are just a sampling of adjectives in the English language .
They are categorized by the type of attribute the adjectives describe .
Use your dictionary or thesaurus to add to each list or use the complete list below this one .
List of Appearance Adjectives adorable
beautiful
clean
drab
elegant
fancy
glamorous
handsome
long
magnificent
old - fashioned
plain
quaint
sparkling
ugliest
unsightly
wide - eyed
List of Color Adjectives red
orange
yellow
green
blue
purple
gray
black
white
List of Condition Adjectives alive
better
careful
clever
dead
easy
famous
gifted
helpful
important
inexpensive
mushy
odd
powerful
rich
shy
tender
uninterested
vast
wrong
List of Feelings ( Bad ) Adjectives angry
bewildered
clumsy
defeated
embarrassed
fierce
grumpy
helpless
itchy
jealous
lazy
mysterious
nervous
obnoxious
panicky
repulsive
scary
thoughtless
uptight
worried
List of Feelings ( Good ) Adjectives agreeable
brave
calm
delightful
eager
faithful
gentle
happy
jolly
kind
lively
nice
obedient
proud
relieved
silly
thankful
victorious
witty
zealous
List of Shape Adjectives broad
chubby
crooked
curved
deep
flat
high
hollow
low
narrow
round
shallow
skinny
square
steep
straight
wide
List of Size Adjectives big
colossal
fat
gigantic
great
huge
immense
large
little
mammoth
massive
miniature
petite
puny
scrawny
short
small
tall
teeny
teeny - tiny
tiny
List of Sound Adjectives cooing
deafening
faint
hissing
loud
melodic
noisy
purring
quiet
raspy
screeching
thundering
voiceless
whispering
List of Time Adjectives ancient
brief
early
fast
late
long
modern
old
old - fashioned
quick
rapid
short
slow
swift
young
List of Taste / Touch Adjectives bitter
delicious
fresh
greasy
juicy
hot
icy
loose
melted
nutritious
prickly
rainy
rotten
salty
sticky
strong
sweet
tart
tasteless
uneven
weak
wet
wooden
yummy
List of Touch Adjectives boiling
breeze
broken
bumpy
chilly
cold
cool
creepy
crooked
cuddly
curly
damaged
damp
dirty
dry
dusty
filthy
flaky
fluffy
freezing
hot
warm
wet
List of Quantity Adjectives abundant
empty
few
full
heavy
light
many
numerous
sparse
substantial
Why do you need a list of adjectives ?
Adjectives can turn the ordinary in to the extraordinary .
When used properly , they can add vivid interest to your conversation or written communication .
However , there can be too much of a good thing .
Keep your adjectives effective by choosing them wisely .
The A to Z list will help you do just that .
Click to go to the expanded printable
Food bloggers and writers , check out the List of 540 Adjectives to Describe Food and Recipes .
Colorado has received millions in stimulus funding for projects in the 8th , 24th , 45th and 64th congressional districts , according to a federal website tracking the money .
But the state has only seven districts .
It turns out that the misclassifications were the result of mistakes , faulty interpretations and even guesses born of frustration with the stimulus - reporting software , said recipients of the money who were responsible for reporting to the federal government where it was spent .
By late Wednesday , all of the payments to nonexistent congressional districts had been removed from the website , lumped together and labeled as “ unassigned . ”
It ’s the latest controversy over federal stimulus funds , which have been plagued by questions over accuracy .
Most recently , The Denver Post reported that the 8,094 full - time jobs the government reports were saved or created in Colorado by stimulus funds is inflated by at least 1,000 .
Under the system , any entity receiving money must fill out a form on how the money was spent .
It includes filling in the congressional district number for the company ’s home base and the congressional district where the work took place .
The federal government posted those results without checking their accuracy .
Each state ’s congressional districts are numbered , 1st through its last .
Congressional seats are assigned according to state population .
Double - listing errors
In some cases , stimulus recipients mistakenly double - listed the congressional district for their home offices instead of adding the district where the work occurred .
That may explain the 8th district listing for five contracts given Northwest Research Associates by the National Science Foundation for work out of its Boulder office , said Donna Romeo , contracts administrator for the company .
Romeo said she suspected the company put down Washington ’s 8th Congressional District where it is headquartered .
Washington state has nine districts .
“ I do n’t know what to tell you , ” Romeo said .
That could also explain the 25th and 26th districts listed under Colorado that are actually California districts where a pair of Golden State companies that did Colorado work are headquartered .
The Loveland Housing Authority also listed 8 for its district instead of 4 .
“ It was probably just a clerical error , ” said executive director Sam Betters .
Then there are districts 59 and 64 listed by the town of Ignacio and the Holly Housing Authority for their money .
Those are actually the numbers of the towns ’ state House districts .
$ 13 million in mistakes
Myung Oak Kim , spokeswoman for Gov. Bill Ritter , said the state recovery team analyzed the errant numbers and found 23 mistakes involving about $ 13 million , or 1 percent of the money that came to Colorado .
What about the 45th Congressional District listed by Wood Product Signs ?
The signmaker near Gunnison got $ 23,000 in stimulus money to make signs for the federal government .
“ I just guessed the number , ” admitted owner Deb Hefftner , who said she got no answer when she tried to track it down but was unable to finish the online form until she filled out the box .
So she rationalized that her company did business all over the country and that there must be a 45 out there somewhere .
She plugged in the number .
“ It let me keep going . ”
Burt Hubbard : 303-954-5107 or bhubbard@denverpost.com
GUADALUPE DE COBRE , Mexico , Nov. 13 ( UPI ) --
An elderly Mexican man has been arrested in the 1998 bludgeoning death of a woman he believed put a witch 's curse on him , authorities said .
Santiago Iniguez Olivares , 78 , is accused of killing Modesta Navarro Nieves and beating her husband in the western Mexican community of Guadalupe del Cobre , CNN reported .
Advertisement
Olivares allegedly walked into the woman 's home , accused her of being a witch and beat her to death with a stick .
Nieves ' husband came home and Olivares allegedly began beating him before running out of the house , authorities say .
The husband survived , the U.S. news network said .
After being on the run for 11 years , Olivares came back to Guadalupe del Cobre believing the killing had been forgotten .
He was arrested while walking to a local bus station , prosecutors said Thursday .
New York
Driven to Distraction .
Driven by Distraction .
Article on penchant of motorists in New Jersey , which has highest car density in US at 822 cars per square mile , to eat , talk on cell phone , consult Palm Pilot or engage in other distracting activities while driving ; motorists and safety experts comment ; photos ; drawings ( L )
By Debra Galant
( PhysOrg.com ) -- Marijuana use among American adolescents has increased gradually over the past two years ( three years among 12th - graders ) following years of declining use , according to the latest Monitoring the Future study , which has tracked drug use among U.S. teens since 1975 .
" So far , we have not seen any dramatic rise in marijuana use , but the upward trending of the past two or three years stands in stark contrast to the steady decline that preceded it for nearly a decade , " said University of Michigan researcher Lloyd Johnston , the study 's principal investigator .
" Not only is use rising , but a key belief about the degree of risk associated with marijuana use has been in decline among young people even longer , and the degree to which teens disapprove of use of the drug has recently begun to decline .
Changes in these beliefs and attitudes are often very influential in driving changes in use . "
The proportion of young people using any illicit drug is also up slightly over the past two years .
This measure is driven largely by marijuana use , because marijuana is the most widely used of all illicit drugs .
In 2009 , marijuana use in the prior 12 months ( the annual prevalence rate ) was reported by about 12 percent of the nation 's 8th - graders , 27 percent of 10th - graders and a third of 12th - graders .
The proportions saying they used any illicit drug in the past year are 15 percent , 29 percent and 37 percent , respectively .
The proportion of students reporting using any illicit drug other than marijuana has continued to decline for students in the 8th and 12th grades in 2009 .
The prevalence rates for using any such drug in the prior 12 months are 7 percent , 12 percent and 17 percent in grades 8 , 10 and 12 , respectively .
There were declines this year in the use of several specific drug classes .
High school seniors showed significant drops in their use of LSD and other hallucinogens , continuing long - term gradual declines ( use of these drugs had shown previous declines in the lower grades ) .
There was some continuing decline in all grades in the use of cocaine — specifically , powder cocaine — with annual usage levels reaching the lowest levels since the early 1990s .
While use of ecstasy , inhalants and LSD is not rising currently , the investigators remain concerned because the perceived risk associated with those drugs has been dropping for several years and may leave young people open to renewed interest in those drugs .
The proportion of young people who see " great risk " associated with trying ecstasy has fallen appreciably and steadily since 2004 ( 2005 , in the case of 12th - graders ) .
" Given the glamorous name and reputation of this drug , I could easily imagine it making a comeback as younger children entering their teens become increasingly unaware of its risks , " Johnston said .
" And , while LSD use is at historically low levels at present , the proportion of students seeing its use as dangerous has been in decline for a long time ( although it did not decline further this year in two of the three grades ) , removing a major obstacle to experimentation .
We have seen LSD make a comeback before .
Clearly , it could happen again . "
Likewise , 8th - and 10th - graders , who are most likely to inhale or " huff " gases and aerosols to get high , have shown a steady decline since 2001 in the belief that experimenting with inhalants is dangerous .
" This leaves them more vulnerable to any new stimulus toward trying inhalants , " Johnston said .
While marijuana use is increasing and the use of several drugs continues to decline , the majority of illicit drugs covered in the study showed little further change this year , although most of them are at levels of use that are considerably below the recent peaks reached since the mid-1990s .
These include ecstasy , crack cocaine , heroin , narcotics other than heroin , Vicodin ( a narcotic analgesic ) , amphetamines , methamphetamine , crystal methamphetamine , tranquilizers , and three so - called " club drugs " — Rohypnol , GHB and ketamine .
Prescription Drugs
Prescription drugs have received considerable attention in the past couple of years as the Monitoring the Future study documented their rising rates of use .
Fortunately , none ( with the possible exceptions of Adderall and OxyContin ) appears to be increasing at the moment .
After several years of decline , the use of amphetamines , outside of medical supervision , did not show any significant further decrease this year .
However , the specific amphetamine , Ritalin , did show a further significant decline in annual prevalence among 12th - graders .
That brought their annual prevalence of Ritalin use down to only 40 percent of what it was when its use was first measured in the study in 2001 .
Annual use fell from 5 percent to 2 percent of 12th - graders reporting any Ritalin use in the prior year that was not under a doctor 's orders .
It would appear , though , that another prescription drug may be taking its place .
Adderall , another stimulant used in the treatment of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder , was included in the survey for the first time this year .
In 2009 , it shows annual prevalence rates of use outside of medical supervision of 2 percent , 6 percent and 5 percent in grades 8 , 10 and 12 , respectively .
Sedative ( barbiturate ) use , which had risen considerably from 1992 through 2005 , has fallen back a little since then , from an annual prevalence of 7 percent in 2004 to 5 percent in 2009 among 12th - graders ( 8th - and 10th - graders do not receive this question ) .
Similarly , tranquilizer use , which grew considerably during the 1990s and peaked in 2002 ( at an 8 percent annual prevalence rate among 12th - graders ) , has since fallen back a bit to 6 percent in 2009 .
Tranquilizer use has followed a similar trajectory at 10th grade , but 8th - grade use has not fallen back after rising .
No further change was seen in 2009 for tranquilizer use at any of the three grades .
Narcotics other than heroin , taken as a class , have remained level , though at recent peak prevalence rates .
Most of these drugs are opiate or opiate - type analgesics and include Vicodin and OxyContin .
Vicodin use , while remaining at high levels , was essentially unchanged this year ( with 3 percent , 8 percent and 10 percent of 8th- , 10th - and 12th - grade students , respectively , indicating use in the prior 12 months ) .
The picture for OxyContin is a little less clear .
At all three grades , OxyContin use is higher today than it was when its use was first measured in 2002 , although only 10th grade showed an increase in 2009 ( +0.9 percentage points ) .
The annual prevalence rates are now 2 percent , 5 percent and 5 percent , respectively , for OxyContin at the three grade levels .
Whether this one - year increase at 10th grade is real or simply a sampling artifact will have to wait another year to be resolved .
But the main point is that these two dangerous and highly addictive narcotic drugs remain at high levels of use among American teens .
Over - the - Counter Cough and Cold Medicines
The use of cough and cold medicines , like Robitussin , to get high showed no decline this year .
These over - the - counter medications usually contain the active ingredient dextromethorphan .
Annual prevalence rates have not changed much since 2006 , when use of these drugs was first measured .
The proportions of students surveyed in 2009 who say they have taken these drugs for the purpose of getting high in the prior 12 months are 4 percent , 6 percent and 6 percent in grades 8 , 10 and 12 , respectively .
" Despite the fact that they are sold over the counter , these drugs can be dangerous when consumed in the large quantities that young people tend to use in order to get high , " Johnston said .
Salvia and Provigil
Two drugs were added to the 12th - grade questionnaires this year — salvia and Provigil .
Salvia , or salvia divinorum , is derived from a plant grown in the mountains of Mexico .
It is an herb in the mint family that can induce relatively short - acting dissociative effects when chewed , smoked or taken as a tincture .
The U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration has designated it a " drug of concern , " but at present , it is not controlled under the federal Controlled Substances Act .
The 2009 survey found that 6 percent of 12th - graders indicated having used salvia during the prior 12 months .
Clearly this drug has begun to make inroads in the adolescent population .
The other drug added to the study in 2009 is Provigil ( modafinil ) , which is a prescription - controlled medicine for improving wakefulness .
It is usually prescribed to people experiencing excessive sleepiness as a result of sleep disorders due to sleep apnea , shift work or narcolepsy .
The annual prevalence of using Provigil outside of medical supervision by 12th - graders in 2009 is 1.8 percent , suggesting that misuse of this drug by teens is not yet a serious problem .
Alcohol Use
Alcohol use has generally been in a long - term , gradual decline at all three grade levels , with 30 - day ( or past month ) prevalence having fallen from recent peak levels by more than 40 percent among 8th - graders , by more than 25 percent among 10th - graders , and by about one - sixth among 12th - graders .
For this year only , 8th - graders showed a continuation of the decline , while use in the upper grades leveled off .
Binge drinking , here defined as having five or more drinks in a row at least once in the prior two weeks , has shown similar proportional declines .
Again , only 8th - graders showed any indication of the decline continuing this year .
The rates in 2009 for having had any alcohol to drink in the past 30 days are 15 percent , 30 percent and 44 percent in 8th , 10th and 12th grade , respectively ; while the two - week prevalence rates of binge drinking at least once in the prior two weeks are 8 percent , 18 percent and 25 percent .
Perceived risk for binge drinking continued to rise for 12th - graders but did not increase in the lower grades .
When asked how easy it would be to get alcohol if they wanted some , the majority of students in all three grades said it would be " fairly easy " or " very easy , " but such easy availability has declined considerably in recent years in the lower grades , particularly in 8th grade .
For example , in 1996 , the proportion of 8th - graders saying it would be easy to get alcohol stood at its peak level of 75 percent , but by this year the statistic had fallen to 62 percent , including a significant decrease in 2009 .
" It would appear that state and local efforts to crack down on sales to underage buyers , perhaps along with greater parental vigilance , have had an effect , " Johnston said .
Steroids
Teenage use of anabolic steroids increased in the late 1990s , reaching peak levels among 8th - graders in 2000 , among 10th - graders in 2002 and among 12th - graders in 2004 .
Since those recent peaks , however , annual prevalence of steroid use has declined considerably — by about half in grade 8 , by nearly two - thirds in grade 10 and by 40 percent in grade 12 .
In 2009 , the proportions reporting any use of anabolic steroids in the past year were only 0.8 percent , 0.8 percent and 1.5 percent in grades 8 , 10 and 12 , respectively .
Among boys , who have considerably higher use than girls , the rates were 1 percent , 1.2 percent and 2.5 percent , respectively .
Monitoring the Future has been funded under a series of competing , investigator - initiated research grants from the National Institute on Drug Abuse , one of the National Institutes of Health .
In addition to Johnston , the lead investigators are Patrick O'Malley , Jerald Bachman and John Schulenberg — all research professors at the University of Michigan 's Institute for Social Research .
Surveys of nationally representative samples of American high school seniors were begun in 1975 , making the class of 2009 the 35th such class surveyed .
Surveys of 8th - and 10th - graders were added to the design in 1991 , making the 2009 nationally representative samples the 19th such classes surveyed .
The sample sizes in 2009 are 15,509 8th - graders in 145 schools ; 16,320 10th - graders in 119 schools ; and 14,268 12th - graders in 125 schools , for a total of 46,097 students in 389 secondary schools .
The samples are drawn separately at each grade level to be representative of students in that grade in public and private secondary schools across the coterminous United States .
Schools are selected with probability proportionate to their estimated class size .
More information :
The findings summarized here will be published in the forthcoming volume : Johnston , L. D. , O'Malley , P. M. , Bachman , J. G. , & Schulenberg , J. E. ( 2010 ) .
Monitoring the Future national results on adolescent drug use : Overview of key findings , 2009 ( NIH Publication No. [ yet to be assigned ] ) .
Bethesda , MD : National Institute on Drug Abuse .
Provided by University of Michigan ( news : web )
Explore further Overall , illicit drug use by American teens continues gradual decline in 2007
TED Fellow Sean Gourley spoke at TED University 2009 about the mathematics of war — how he and his team of mathematicians , physicists and computer scientists uncovered a strong mathematical relationship linking the fatality and frequency of insurgent attacks .
Today , TED is absolutely thrilled to tell you that this research has been published in the prestigious , peer - reviewed scientific journal Nature .
( Read the abstract . )
The paper , “ Common ecology quantifies human insurgency , ” proposes a unified mathematical model for human insurgency in violent conflicts .
Below , we ’re pleased to present a detailed Q&A with Sean Gourley , where he talks in - depth about the major points in the paper , answering many of the questions people have been asking in the comments on his talk .
Equation describing the dynamical composition of an insurgency .
Here , n_s is the number of groups with strength s , for any s greater than 1 .
The different terms describe the processes of group coalescence , and group fragmentation .
Describe how you obtained your results .
The research involved a four - step process .
First , we compiled a collection of state - of - the - art datasets for a wide range of modern wars .
The data came from a range of sources including NGO reports , media streams , governmental databases and social scientists who are experts in specific conflicts .
A mosaic approach was used to compile , filter and cross-check the data - sets to ensure accuracy .
The result was a database of over 54,000 unique events covering 11 different wars .
The data collection method utilized an open - source intelligence methodology .
Second , we used statistical techniques to analyze the data .
We found that there was a common pattern in both the size and timing of violent events within modern insurgent wars .
We observed this common statistical behavior across multiple different conflicts from Iraq to Sierra Leone , as well as a connection to global terrorism .
The existence of these patterns is independent of geography , ideology , politics or religion .
Additionally , the mathematical signatures seem to be unique to modern war as they are not observed in older wars such as the American and Spanish civil wars .
Third , we created a model to explain the underlying ecology that gives rise to the statistical distributions seen in modern war .
Using innovative computer modeling techniques from statistical physics and the financial markets , we were able to develop the first unified model of insurgency .
This model explains the ecology of war .
Through it , we can understand the group dynamics of an insurgency , including communication structures and decision making strategies , as well as estimate the total number of opposition groups at any one time .
Our unified model of modern insurgent wars ( 1 ) agrees with state - of - the - art data collected for a wide range of wars , ( 2 ) challenges traditional ideas of insurgency based on rigid hierarchies and networks , and ( 3 ) bears a striking similarity to models of crowd behavior of financial markets ( hinting at a possible link between collective human dynamics in violent and non-violent settings ) .
In the final stage of our research , we examined the strategic and political implications of our findings .
We used the model to conduct scenario analysis .
Using this technology , we are able to predict what is likely to happen to the length of a war if troops are doubled or how the course of a war may change if a third population of peace - keepers is inserted into the region .
We can also observe how a war evolves over time and thereby update strategies to best fight the war given its current state .
How does what this research demonstrates differ from the simple observation that it ’s harder to kill more people ?
Our statistics show that , across multiple different wars , it is less likely for an attack to kill more people .
One explanation for this is that it is simply harder to kill 100 people in an attack than it is to kill 10 people .
Whilst this is true , the interesting part of our research is not that it is simply “ harder ” to kill more people in an attack , but that it is precisely harder to kill more people in an attack .
Indeed , our research shows that when alpha equals 2.5 it is 316 times harder for insurgents to kill 100 people in an attack than it is for them to kill 10 people in an attack .
There are many mathematical distributions that can satisfy the requirement “ it is harder to kill more people . ”
These include exponential , logarithmic or simply a straight line with negative slope .
But out of all the possible distributions and all the possible parameters , it is the power - law distribution with exponent - 2.5 that , to the first order , defines precisely this concept of “ harder . ”
If we look at the war in Iraq and take a random sample of 2,500 attacks , we find that there are on average ~ 1,800 attacks that kill 1 person , ~ 30 attacks that kill 5 people and ~ 1 attack that kills 20 people .
Of particular interest is when we take this same sample of 2,500 attacks from any modern war , we see a very similar ratio emerge .
Despite their apparent independence and unpredictability , the insurgent groups kill people in precisely the same ratios .
As scientists , our goal is to extract as much information from the data as possible , thereby moving beyond simple notions .
For example , we can say the universe is old , and this is obvious .
But saying that the universe is 13.7 billion years old is a much more specific way of describing and understanding that knowledge .
With the extra information and detail , we can use it to test the predictive powers of theories that we have .
Likewise , in conflict , understanding the specifics of the distribution of attack sizes allow us to formulate theories that explain its existence .
These theories are then rigorously testable using the precise distribution that we empirically observe .
Read more :
This Q&A with Sean Gourley continues after the jump >>
Schematic of the insurgent ecosystem .
The insurgent model shown here is driven by a combination of group dynamics , competition and repeated decision making .
The cycle of violence allows for strategies to evolve and update over time .
The group dynamics of coalescence and fragmentation generate a fluid non-hierarchical network structure that defines insurgent groups across multiple conflicts .
( the Fig. references in the schematic refer to the Nature paper )
Can we generalize this to all wars ?
In our initial research conducted in 2005 , we found common statistical patterns underlying the conflicts in both Iraq and Colombia .
Based on these results and the modeling research , we hypothesized that these patterns were a universal property of modern conflict .
So , in the last four years , we set out to see if this was in fact true .
We have studied nine different modern conflicts in detail and discovered that they all share the same underlying statistical properties , both in the size and the timing of attacks .
These conflicts range from 1960s Northern Ireland , to 1990s Colombia and the latest violence in Iraq .
In these more “ modern ” conflicts we have found a remarkably similar set of statistical patterns that govern the behavior of insurgent attacks .
However there are some conflicts that do not follow these patterns .
Older wars , such as the American and Spanish civil wars , do not share the same statistical patterns as modern war .
Thus , there is something quantitatively different about modern conflict .
The way insurgents fight and launch attacks today is different from the types of battles seen in the American Civil War .
The difference between these “ old ” and “ new ” conflicts is that the majority of conflict today is “ asymmetric ” in nature , meaning that one side is much stronger and better resourced than the other side .
When a small / weak group of people take on a much stronger opposition , they have to find an organizational structure and strategy that will allow them to compete .
It turns out that there are only a small number of possible solutions to this problem , and if an insurgent group does not adopt one of these solutions , they generally do not survive .
Our paper in Nature shows not only that modern conflict is different , but also details the intricate dynamics of an insurgent operation .
We show how groups form , how they make decisions , how many groups there are , and can estimate their relative strengths .
War is different today than it was 100 years ago , and our research moves us a step closer toward understanding it .
Can we apply this research to other types of conflict ?
Our research shows that multiple different types of wars share the same set of underlying mathematical signatures .
These signatures are independent of political , religious , geographic or ideological differences .
We see the same patterns emerge whether we are studying the cocaine - driven conflict in Colombia or the multi-billion dollar war in Iraq .
The statistical signatures of both the timing and the sizes of attacks are a result of the underlying forces that drive the insurgent ecosystem .
These same forces may be at play in other non-traditional conflict - type systems such as the gangs of Los Angeles , violent crime in Bogotá , and the drug wars in Mexico .
The research shows us that the lines that have traditionally defined the boundaries between organized crime , insurgency and even terrorism , are more blurred than we once thought .
The results of the modeling are also more generally applicable to non-violent competitive ecosystems where there is an asymmetry in force structure .
These types of systems include understanding the growth and treatment of cancer , as well as the competition between small startups and established technology companies in Silicon Valley .
It is interesting to note that in the ecosystem of the Somali pirates we can start to see the crossover between startup culture and insurgency .
Different pirate groups are funded by a central group that acts to distribute risk and massive returns are possible for successful cells .
Why do you only measure attacks involving casualties ?
What about other types of attacks — e.g. , attacks on infrastructure ?
In war , unlike a physics laboratory , it is not easy to run experiments or collect data .
Because of the difficulty in collecting information , we need to choose a metric for our analysis that is relatively easy to measure .
Casualty data fits this criterion .
We have studied the complete set of attacks for the different wars in our database , and we have found that the vast majority of attacks are not attacks on infrastructure .
On average , the success of an attack is well correlated with the number of people killed , so the metric of casualties for our analysis is a good choice .
However not all attacks involve casualties , and the success of an attack is not always well correlated with the number of casualties .
For example , an attack on an oil pipeline might generate significant publicity and cause a lot of damage to infrastructure , but only kill a small number of people .
These attacks are in the minority , but they still have the potential to tell us something interesting about the nature of the insurgency .
We are currently looking into ways to capture this type of information .
One proxy for attacks on infrastructure might be the dollar value , or the “ cost ” of the damage .
Another way of capturing non-casualty information might be to analyze the media coverage generated by an attack .
By tracking the “ cost ” or “ publicity ” metrics , we might find even more statistical patterns that can tell us new things about the insurgent ecosystem .
How can this research help policy or strategy decisions ?
This research can help inform policy and strategy decisions in four key ways .
1. Ground - level decision support :
We are able to use our statistical and theoretical models to predict the size and temporal distribution of attacks within a conflict .
From this we can predict the likelihood of an attack occurring in a particular region or neighborhood during a specific time window .
This information allows logistical decisions to be made , e.g. how many surgeons are needed in a hospital in order to be 90 % confident of treating everyone from an attack within six hours .
2. Understanding the insurgent ecosystem :
From our research , we have developed the world ’s first quantitative model of the insurgent ecosystem .
This model is in close agreement with the latest empirical data collected from across a range of conflicts .
Our model allows us to understand the dynamics of insurgent groups , how they form , how they make decisions , how they communicate and how they break apart .
We can also estimate the number of autonomous groups or factions within an insurgency and their relative strength .
Policy makers can use these findings to more fully understand the enemy they are dealing with .
The research also uncovers and explains a new organizational and decision - making structure that is currently being employed by successful insurgencies around the world .
We can learn from insurgent strategies and apply those lessons to the US military structure .
3. Scenario Analysis :
In war , it is difficult to experiment with different strategies .
Choosing the wrong strategy will result in unintended consequences may cost many lives .
With our model of the insurgent ecosystem , we can test different strategies using simulation .
This can be done at a low cost and without the potential loss of life .
We can test a range of strategic and policy scenarios , e.g .
“ What is the likely effect of increasing troop numbers on a conflict ’s duration ? ” or , “ What will likely happen to an insurgency if we focus on attacking midsized groups ? ”
4 . Future event planning :
We can use the model to look for early signs of a potential war or insurgency .
Or , we can track the fundamental signatures of conflict in real time to see how likely a war is to end within the next 12 months .
Is this type of distribution really common ?
It is important to note here that analyzing the data to understand these kinds of statistical distributions is only the first step of the research process .
By analyzing the data we are able to find a characteristic signature that starts to define a conflict .
This involves advanced statistical testing to reject various different distribution types .
When we do this we find that the distribution of deaths within a specific conflict follows a distribution known as a power - law with an exponent clustering around 2.5 .
However , in many ways , the statistical testing is the easy part of the research .
The harder step is to create a theory or a model to explain the existence of this statistical distribution .
To do this we need to understand how insurgents form groups , how they make decisions , and how many groups there are .
Once the model is completed it is then tested against the empirical evidence to see how it performs .
In the Nature paper we repeat this process for the temporal distribution of events , which allows us to build more complex models of insurgent dynamics .
It is through this combination of statistical analyzes and advanced modeling that the value of the research is derived .
By doing this we are able to understand the behavior and dynamics that allow an insurgency to take on and often defeat a much larger and better resourced opponent .
What are distributions and specifically what is the significance of a power - law distribution ?
A distribution is a collection of events ordered by a single metric ( in this case , attack size ) and plotted against the frequency .
The shape of this distribution is a signal of the underlying processes that govern the system being studied .
In our everyday lives the distributions that we are most familiar with are the classic Gaussian or “ Bell - shaped curve ” class of distributions .
These distributions occur in things like the amount of rainfall in a city , or the height of humans .
Gaussian curves are well defined by their mean and standard deviation , and people tend to have a good intuitive grasp of concepts such as “ above average ” and an understanding of the biological or environmental factors that produce these kinds of curves .
A second class of distributions exists that are fundamentally different from the familiar Gaussian distribution .
These are known as power - law or scale - free distributions and are defined by the equation p( x ) = Cx^ -( alpha ) .
Instead of an average and standard deviation , the probability of an event occurring is proportional to the size of the event raised to the power of negative alpha .
Whilst these types of distributions are harder to intuitively grasp they do occur in a range of different physical and social systems including earthquake size , financial market returns , the population of cities and book sales .
These power - law type systems have the ability to produce massive events despite the vast majority of events being small in size .
Knowing that modern conflict is a system that produces a power - law distribution allows us to understand the types of processes that might govern the behavior of the insurgents .
These types of systems are also characterized by a relatively simple set of underlying equations that can produce complex macro level behavior .
Prior to our research no one had observed these types of power - law statistical distributions for the attacks within a specific conflict .
What is the history of quantitative analysis of conflict , and how does your research compare to that done by Lewis Fry Richardson ?
Quantitative analysis of conflict is a relatively new discipline that combines data collection , statistical analysis and modeling to understand war and inform political strategy .
Our research group brings together an interdisciplinary group of physicists , mathematicians , computer scientists and political economists to use numbers and theoretical models to understand war .
The mathematical analysis of conflict can trace its roots back to the 1940s in the research conducted by Lewis Fry Richardson .
Richardson was an ambulance driver in the First World War and was so appalled by what he experienced that he decided to use his time to understand war in an effort to stop it from happening again .
Richardson ’s work was groundbreaking at the time but seems relatively primitive in today ’s context .
He used sources such as the encyclopedia Britannica to get estimates of the total number of deaths from different conflicts and then analyzed the dataset , finding that the total number of deaths for each conflict followed a distribution that looked similar to a power - law with exponent 1.5 .
His research was mostly statistical in nature and could n’t explain why this pattern might exist .
In 2009 , with the rise of the Internet and access to near real - time information from war zones , we are able to return to the quantitative analysis of conflict and look at it in much higher resolution .
Whereas Richardson ’s analysis looked at entire wars as one data point , today ’s information technology infrastructure allows us to “ zoom in ” to the level of an individual attack .
We can also get information not just about the size of the attack , but also when and where it occurred .
We can use these new analytic and data tools to analyze the mathematical signature of attacks within a single war , see how it evolves over time and compare the statistical equations across multiple wars .
Although I did n’t get time to talk about it in the seven - minute TED presentation , another component of our Nature research paper addresses the mathematical patterns surrounding the timing of attacks .
We ask questions like , how do attacks cluster in time ?
And , are the attacks truly random in nature ?
We found that the attacks are not randomly distributed across a conflict ; instead , they tend to cluster together .
The cause of this clustering is coordination via a global signal and competition amongst groups for media exposure and resources .
The second major difference between our work and that of Richardson is that we take a significant step beyond simply looking for statistical patterns within the attack data .
The statistical analysis is only the first step of the process , telling us if there is something interesting to look at .
But it does n’t tell us what caused the pattern to emerge in the first place .
In order to explain this we must formulate testable theories and create computer models to compare them to the empirical data .
With this modeling step we move beyond a simple “ statistics of war ” and start considering an “ ecology of war , ” where we look at the entire ecosystem of a conflict .
By taking this modeling approach , we have been able to construct a unified theory of insurgency , or , in other words , a theory that explains how an insurgency functions .
This theory accurately replicates the statistical patterns found in the timing and the size of attacks across multiple wars around the world .
So far , no one else has even identified these patterns , let alone come up with a theory to explain their emergence .
Our modeling approach allows us to understand how an insurgent group functions , to see how it evolves over time and to make informed policy decisions .
The simple statistics employed by Richardson do not allow these insights to be drawn .
Another colleague working in this field is Aaron Clauset .
His research has focused on understanding the statistics of terrorist attacks .
Clauset found that the size of terrorist attacks follow a similar pattern to that which our research found for attacks within wars like Iraq .
The interesting thing here is that modern war and terrorism might be more similar than anyone had previously thought .
Our model published in Nature is able to explain this similarity by looking at the structure of insurgent groups and comparing that to the structure of terrorist cells .
The group dynamics for both insurgents and terrorists seem to be very similar .
The work by Clauset provides an independent verification of our model of insurgent dynamics .
What is interesting about Richardson ’s work is that the statistical patterns he observed across wars over a 100 year time period are also found within the daily attacks in an individual conflict .
This similarity hints at a fractal structure , where the forces shaping attacks on a day - to - day level are similar in nature to the forces shaping geo-politics and wars over the period of decades .
This fractal behavior is certainly something worth investigating further .
Can we trust the media as a source of data ?
This is a good question , and a very important one .
We should all be asking how well do the media cover conflict .
As part of our research we have looked very closely at the way media reports on events within a warzone .
We have studied how they cover stories of violence and analyzed the level of coverage they provide .
What we have found is that no one news source has complete coverage , but the combination of multiple news sources produces a high level of coverage with some overlap between each stream .
Before we go on , it is important to emphasize a couple of key features of our database .
Firstly , the data collected from media streams forms only part of the database .
The rest of the database is built using a combination of NGO reports , governmental databases and studies from social scientists that are experts in specific conflicts .
A mosaic approach was used to compile , filter , and crosscheck the data sets to ensure accuracy .
The result is a database of over 54,000 unique events covering 11 different wars .
The second point to emphasize is that when we talk about media we are not just talking about one media source , rather we are using multiple sources .
For Iraq we have over 100 different media streams that we monitor and these streams can be combined together to validate and verify events as well as providing more coverage than a single tv station .
For each media report in our database we require it to be verified by at least one other source with the lower death estimate used for analysis .
What we have found in our analysis is that the statistical patterns remain constant independently of whether the data source is a governmental report , an academic study , a set of media streams or a combination of all three .
Modern media in a warzone like Iraq is a massively distributed network .
The writers act like editors and have teams of local stringers that go out and source information about attacks .
The two groups are in constant communication via cellphone .
The editors job is then to co-ordinate these stringers and incentivize them to find the new stories and each stringer has their own local network of connections that they in turn rely on for information .
Thus one editor can cover a large geographical area .
When there are multiple bureaus covering a conflict there is intense competition between the different media outlets for new stories and it is through this competition that stories are uncovered .
Media has the advantage of being open - source such that it is available to anyone who can capture and filter an RSS feed .
It is also by it ’s very nature real - time , such that events are now reported minutes after they happen .
Despite the advantages , there is however a need for better coverage of conflict .
Traditional media plays a role in this but so too does user generated content , this may come in the form of SMS messages , blog posts , Youtube videos or Twitter updates .
I am currently working with groups like Ushahidi , Swift and AliveInAfghanistan to implement crowd sourced news streams in places like Afghanistan .
Initiatives of this type will help improve our understanding of events in places that are not well covered by traditional media .
With more information coming out of conflict zones we will be able to use this data to better understand the nature and dynamics of war and hopefully this understanding will help us to ultimately reduce the number casualties .
What are some of the specific features of modern insurgent ecosystems as defined by your model ?
If we look at the results from our model we find that there are 14 key characteristics that that define a successful insurgent ecosystem ; these are listed below with a short name to describe the feature .
Many body :
There are many more autonomous insurgent groups operating within conflicts than we had previously thought .
For example there are 100 + autonomous groups operating in Iraq ( as of 2006 ) .
Fluidity :
The insurgents are loosely grouped together to form fluid networks with short half - lives .
This is very different from the rigid hierarchical networks that have been proposed for insurgent groups .
Redundancy :
If we remove the strongest group from the system another group will rise to replace the previous strongest group
Splinter :
When a group is broken it does not generally split in half but instead shatters into multiple pieces
Redistribute :
When a group is broken the components are redistributed amongst the other groups in the system .
The redistribution is biased towards the most successful remaining groups .
Snowball :
The strongest groups grow fastest
Tall poppy :
The strongest groups are the predominant targets for opposition forces
Internal competition :
There is direct competition amongst insurgent groups for both resources and media exposure .
They are competing with each other in addition to fighting the stronger counterinsurgent forces .
Independent co-ordination : Autonomous groups act in a coordinated fashion as a result of the competition that exists between them .
Emergent structure : Attacks in both Iraq and Colombia become ‘ less random ’ and more coordinated over time
Evolution :
The strategies employed by the groups evolve over time where successful groups / strategies survive and unsuccessful strategies / groups are replaced .
High dimensional : Connection occurs over high dimensions ( i.e. Internet , cell phone etc ) and is not dominated by geographic connections .
Non-linear :
It is approximately 316 * times harder to kill 100 people in an attack than it is to kill 10 people .
(* Results for a conflict with alpha=2.5 ) .
Independent clones : the fundamental structure and dynamics of insurgent groups is largely independent of religious , political , ideological or geographic differences .
Links
+ Sean Gourley ’s profile on TED.com >>
+ Sean Gourley ’s TED Fellows profile >>
+ Learn about the TED Fellows program >>
I ’ve always been weirdly obsessed with the question of how life on earth would have evolved differently if there had been no moon .
So I was delighted to stumble across this fragment of an essay by Isamov from the early seventies called The Triple Triumph of the Moon .
His most provocative conclusion : land - based life might have never have evolved without the moon :
Life spread outward into the rims of the ocean , where the
sea water rose up against the continental slopes and then fell
back twice each day .
And thousands of species of seaweed
and worms and crustaceans and molluscs and fish rose and
fell with those tides .
Some were exposed on shore as the sea
retreated , and of those a very few survived , because they
happened , for some reason , to be the best able to withstand
the nightmare of land existence until the healing , life - giving
water returned .
Species adapted to the temporary endurance of dry land
developed , and the continuing pressure of competitor saw
to it that there was survival value to be gained in developing
the capacity to withstand dry - land conditions for longer and
ever - longer periods .
Eventually species developed that could remain on land
indefinitely …
And of course the tides are the product of the Moon .
The
Sun , to be sure , also produces tides , nearly half the size of
those produced by the Moon today , but that smaller to - and - fro
wash of salt water would represent a smaller drive towards
land and might have led to the colonisation of the
continents much later in time , if at all .
