Lt. Gov. David Dewhurst has a problem with 26 - year old John Otte 's schoolwork , and he wants the whole state to know .
For his advanced directing class at Tarleton State University in Stephenville , Otte was allowed to select the play of his choice to direct .
He chose Texas native Terrence McNally 's Corpus Christi , in which Jesus and his disciples are reimagined as gay men in modern - day Texas .
In the play , the Jesus figure performs a marriage ceremony for two of his gay disciples and is later crucified under a sign that deems him the " King of Queers . "
Of the many student - directed plays that will be put on this weekend at Tarleton State , Otte 's has garnered the most attention — much of it negative .
Extra security has been called in .
The audience restricted to classmates and family members .
The curtain time was moved up to the very un -Broadway - like 8 a.m. on Saturday .
And now , Act II : Enter the Politicans .
Says Dewhurst in a statement released this afternoon :
Every citizen is entitled to the freedom of speech , but no one should have the right to use government funds or institutions to portray acts that are morally reprehensible to the majority of Americans .
Texans do n’t deserve to see their hard - earned tax money used to debase their religion .
This lewd display runs completely contrary to the standards of scholastic excellence and common decency that we demand in our publicly - funded institutions for higher learning .
Why is the lieutenant governor weighing in ?
His office says their inboxes filled up to a level that warranted a response .
Dewhurst spokesman Rich Parsons says , " Our office has been contacted by a number of people expressing concern and anger and outrage at the use of state resources . "
Tarleton State President F. Dominic Dottavio released a statement making it clear that he sees " no artistic or redeeming quality in the work . "
He believes it to be " offensive , crude , and irreverent . "
Yet he defends its right to be performed , recognizing that the performance is a class project , even if it is not endorsed or produced by Tarleton .
He explains in a release :
As a public university we are legally bound to allow the student production to go forward .
We have had many conversations with the Office of General Counsel for The Texas A&M University System and they have made it clear to us that this is an unambiguous freedom of speech ( First Amendment ) issue .
The Supreme Court of the United States has consistently held that public universities may not engage in the sort of censorship that prohibiting this student ’s project would involve .
This concept was reaffirmed by the 2008 Higher Education Opportunity
Act which stressed that students should not be intimidated , harassed , or discouraged from speaking out .
I want to detail the process that I took to compose Code Red Theme for the iPhone game Tilt to Live .
Hopefully this will shed a little light on the process a composer goes through when writing for a game .
This is what the guys at One Man Left told me they wanted :
A big band / jazz - ish piece that is similar to Classic Mode ’s instruments but with a more 1950 / 60 s Spy - theme with some pace .
I ’m sure that ’s clear as mud .
Beach Bum :
This is one that I really like for Code Red , like the tempo , drums , and guitar style , the piece just gets a bit too technical around the middle to be background music .
It ’s just before the halfway point , when they really start riffing that I ’m not crazy about .
Snatchers : I like the wah - wah guitar , and pulp fiction / james bond feel .
The tempo was just too slow for a gametype like code red .
Prefer a tempo more akin to beach bum .
The info they gave me helped a lot in narrowing down what they wanted , but to prepare for what I needed to write , I needed to do a little more research and preparation .
I studied the instrumentation of the James Bond theme , since this is the feel they were going for .
James Bond Theme
I wanted to make sure I could emulate the sound of the James Bond theme , so I did just that : I recreated a basic version of it .
I spent a lot of time picking out the instrumentation ( bass , vibraphone , drums , guitar , horns ) , recreating the drum part , and trying to get the perfect guitar sound ( which I did by doing a lot of tweaking in the “ Amp Designer ” plugin in Logic Pro ) .
This is what I came up with :
James Bond Theme : Recreated
Once I had created the James Bond theme , and it sounded pretty good , I knew I was ready to start composing .
The song went through three main iterations until One Man Left deemed it suitable for use in the game .
Here is the first :
Code Red Theme : Mellow
Personally , I was really happy with it , but it did n’t quite fit with what they wanted .
These were some of the things said in response :
The song felt too mellow / not intense enough throughout the length of the track .
The beginning was good , but it did n’t seem to build up .
The overall feel is spot -on to the James Bond - ish theme , but we were looking more towards the louder part ( 0:55 - 1:18 ) of the theme as a reference than the more mellow guitar theme .
With a more catchy hook / riff we would like the song to build up faster .
We really liked the guitar part in your piece at 0:54 .
One thing we were thinking of as reference material is Pulp Fiction ’s Miserlou [ some NSFW language ] .
Drums are prominent themes in both Gauntlet and Classic songs
I liked the part in your piece at 1:47 where the it goes quiet and begins to build up again , but as noted before we felt the post - build - up is n’t as strong as we ’d like .
So although I had a great start , I obviously had a lot of work to do .
I tried to do everything they said while still maintaining the original feel of the song .
I added Miserlou - style surfer guitar ( which , if you ’re curious , I created using this technique ) , added a more intense toms part to the drums , and just made the overall track more energetic .
Although I took out some of the melody from the first version , you ’ll see that I still kept some of it in the second half .
Here is the second iteration :
Code Red Theme : Intense
Here were some of the things they said in response to this version :
We like what we hear , but there are a few things we ’d like addressed if possible .
The layering of the several guitar tracks seem to interfere with each other at times and it becomes difficult to distinguish the sound .
Could this be balance adjusted , tweaked , or simply remove some of tracks in certain places ?
Playing the song on higher end headphones / speakers alleviates this problem , but we ’re ultimately playing this on iPhone - grade speakers .
When played on iPhone speakers , some of those sections come across messy , and it seems some of the highs on iphone speakers do n’t come across as cleanly and sound more grating .
Most notably , when played on my sennheisser ’s the guitar solo sounds great , but on the iphone the highs are more grating and the culmination of all the guitar tracks sounds too busy .
I can see it becoming annoying for some players .
Maybe finding a way to simplify those portions may help ?
We liked the progression and overall feel of the track much better than the previous one .
Although I struggled with it , I ended up taking out the original melody from the mellow version altogether .
I really liked it , but it just did n’t fit right with the game mode .
As you can also see from their response : making the song sound good on iPhone speakers is important , and it was something I totally forgot to consider .
I composed the song using high quality Bose headphones , but when I listened to the song on iPhone speakers , it sounded pretty bad and annoying , like they said .
I made a few other adjustments to the song , sent it to them , and they were satisfied .
At its third iteration , it had become the track you all know today :
Listen or buy the full Code Red Theme here .
At least they have company , I suppose .
At our primary school , in the early 70s , from a year containing almost 90 10 - year - olds , only one child was clearly undergoing puberty .
It set her apart , not least because she embraced it so enthusiastically .
What a to - do , when we all went to the baths for swimming lessons .
Little boys in children 's trunks .
Little girls in children 's swimsuits .
Gillian in a purple halter - neck bikini , looking like something out of a Bond film .
She did n't care about us , or the gulf of consternation and discomfort that had isolated her from her classmates .
She was already gone , the social life she shared with " older guys who have cars " so incomprehensible that it was n't even disapproved of .
At secondary school , she just drifted out of view , afloat on her notorious breasts , each , distractingly , far bigger than her head .
An authoritative Danish study has found that girls , on average , now start breast development at the age of nine years and 10 months , a year earlier than in 1991 .
No one knows what is driving the age of puberty down – maybe it is just the consequence of better nutrition , or maybe there is something in the water .
Research continues .
Whatever the reason , the phenomenon is worrying , to say the least .
In a complex and recklessly sexually liberal developed world , the time needed to prepare for adulthood , emotionally and intellectually , is surely much greater than ever .
Instead , childhood is becoming briefer , and minors with the bodies and the desires of men and women are more common .
It 's a profoundly sad modern paradox .
Vitamin D deficiency is highly prevalent in patients with Type 2 diabetes and may be associated with poor blood sugar control , according to a new study .
The results will be presented Saturday at The Endocrine Society 's 92nd Annual Meeting in San Diego .
" This finding supports an active role of vitamin D in the development of Type 2 diabetes , " said study co-author Esther Krug , MD , an assistant professor of medicine at The Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine and an endocrinologist at Sinai Hospital , Baltimore .
Krug and her colleagues reviewed the medical charts of 124 patients with Type 2 diabetes who came to an endocrine outpatient clinic for specialty care from 2003 to 2008 .
Patients ' age ranged from 36 to 89 years .
All patients had a single measurement of their serum 25 - hydroxyvitamin D levels as part of their evaluation at the clinic .
The researchers divided the patients into quartiles based on vitamin D level .
Despite receiving regular primary care visits before referral to the endocrine clinic , 91 percent of patients had either vitamin D deficiency ( defined as a level below 15 nanograms per deciliter , or ng / dL ) or insufficiency ( 15 to 31 ng / dL ) , the authors reported .
Only about 6 percent of patients were taking vitamin D supplements at their first visit .
Additionally , the investigators found an inverse relationship between the patients ' blood levels of vitamin D and their hemoglobin A1c value , a measure of blood sugar control over the past several months .
Lower vitamin D levels were discovered in patients with higher average blood sugars as measured by HbA1c , Krug said .
Compared with whites , blacks had a higher average A1c and lower average vitamin D level .
" Since primary care providers diagnose and treat most patients with Type 2 diabetes , screening and vitamin D supplementation as part of routine primary care may improve health outcomes of this highly prevalent condition , " she said .
Explore further Low vitamin D levels may be common in otherwise healthy children
By By Igor I. Solar May 24 , 2010 in Science Warsaw - Polish astronomer Nicolaus Copernicus ( 1473 -1543 ) , whose remains were recently identified using modern forensic tools , was buried Saturday at the Frombork Cathedral , 467 years after his death .
For two centuries , Polish , French and German researchers tried in vain to identify Copernicus ’ grave by excavating in several points of the marble floor of the church .
Finally in 2005 , Jerzy Gassowski , professor at the Institute of Anthropology and Archaeology of Pultusk , north of Warsaw , discovered what seemed to be the burial place of the astronomer under the marble floor at the foot of one of sixteen altars located next to the towering pillars of the cathedral .
The skull and bones were entrusted to the police laboratory in Warsaw .
Forensic experts made a virtual reconstruction of the man 's face .
The results showed striking similarities with existing portraits of Nicolas Copernicus .
However , only DNA evidence could confirm the finding .
Rest of tissue was found under teeth of the skull , but it was necessary to find genetic material to compare it with .
The difficulty seemed insurmountable , because genealogy research was not successful .
The original epitaph for Nicolaus Copernicus that was erected in 1581 in the cathedral of Frombork .
Martin Cromer
A painstaking search ensued for several years until the precious genetic material required was finally found .
Göran Henriksson , astronomer at the University of Uppsala in Sweden , searching in a book “ Magnum Romanum Calendarium ” by Johannes Stoeffler , dated 1518 , found several hairs inside the book .
This is a manual that Copernicus had used during his life in Poland and was taken by the Swedes during the Polish - Swedish wars in the first quarter of the seventeenth century .
The DNA analysis done in laboratories in Sweden and Poland confirmed that two of the hairs matched the genome sequences of the tooth material from the skull found in Frombork .
Once identified , it was decided that the remains of the astronomer should be buried again in the Cathedral after stops at several churches and Gothic castles in the region of Warmia , which the astronomer traveled many times as a canon and ecclesiastical administrator .
The remains arrived at Frombork in the middle of last week .
Now the great astronomer , mathematician and physician rests under the main altar in a black granite tomb with a three meters high headstone .
Copernicus most famous work caused a major shift in the knowledge of astronomy in the seventeenth - century .
At the time , it was widely accepted that Earth was the center of the Universe and everything else rotated around the planet .
Following his observations , he wrote a book called De revolutionibus orbium coelestium ( On the Revolution of the Celestial Spheres ) .
The book was not published until shortly before his death because Copernicus was worried about the reception of the book by the Catholic Church .
Sure enough , after the book was published and became well known , the work was condemned by the Catholic Church when a decree was issued suspending
De revolutionibus until it could be " corrected , " on the grounds that the presumption that the Earth moves and the Sun does not , was " false and altogether opposed to the Holy Scriptures ” .
On May 22 , a funeral mass was officiated by the Pope 's nuncio in Poland , Jozef Kowalczyk , and the archbishop of Lublin , Jozef Zycinski , at a ceremony in which the Catholic Church solemnly acknowledged a scientist who at the time was considered a heretic because of his revolutionary ideas .
For a short video of Copernicus ' second funeral mass at Frombork Cathedral click Frombork Cathedral , where Nicolaus Copernicus was buried a second time in May , 2010 .
Maciej Szczepańczyk Copernicus died in 1543 and was buried at the cathedral of Frombork , northern Poland , along with many other priests and lay people whose bodies remained anonymous under the floor of this large Gothic building .
Although an epitaph was placed at the church , information on the exact location of his tomb was either not recorded or it was lost .
For two centuries , Polish , French and German researchers tried in vain to identify Copernicus ’ grave by excavating in several points of the marble floor of the church .
Finally in 2005 , Jerzy Gassowski , professor at the Institute of Anthropology and Archaeology of Pultusk , north of Warsaw , discovered what seemed to be the burial place of the astronomer under the marble floor at the foot of one of sixteen altars located next to the towering pillars of the cathedral .
The skull and bones were entrusted to the police laboratory in Warsaw .
Forensic experts made a virtual reconstruction of the man 's face .
The results showed striking similarities with existing portraits of Nicolas Copernicus .
However , only DNA evidence could confirm the finding .
Rest of tissue was found under teeth of the skull , but it was necessary to find genetic material to compare it with .
The difficulty seemed insurmountable , because genealogy research was not successful .
A painstaking search ensued for several years until the precious genetic material required was finally found .
Göran Henriksson , astronomer at the University of Uppsala in Sweden , searching in a book “ Magnum Romanum Calendarium ” by Johannes Stoeffler , dated 1518 , found several hairs inside the book .
This is a manual that Copernicus had used during his life in Poland and was taken by the Swedes during the Polish - Swedish wars in the first quarter of the seventeenth century .
The DNA analysis done in laboratories in Sweden and Poland confirmed that two of the hairs matched the genome sequences of the tooth material from the skull found in Frombork .
Once identified , it was decided that the remains of the astronomer should be buried again in the Cathedral after stops at several churches and Gothic castles in the region of Warmia , which the astronomer traveled many times as a canon and ecclesiastical administrator .
The remains arrived at Frombork in the middle of last week .
Now the great astronomer , mathematician and physician rests under the main altar in a black granite tomb with a three meters high headstone .
Copernicus most famous work caused a major shift in the knowledge of astronomy in the seventeenth - century .
At the time , it was widely accepted that Earth was the center of the Universe and everything else rotated around the planet .
Following his observations , he wrote a book called De revolutionibus orbium coelestium ( On the Revolution of the Celestial Spheres ) .
The book was not published until shortly before his death because Copernicus was worried about the reception of the book by the Catholic Church .
Sure enough , after the book was published and became well known , the work was condemned by the Catholic Church when a decree was issued suspending
De revolutionibus until it could be " corrected , " on the grounds that the presumption that the Earth moves and the Sun does not , was " false and altogether opposed to the Holy Scriptures ” .
On May 22 , a funeral mass was officiated by the Pope 's nuncio in Poland , Jozef Kowalczyk , and the archbishop of Lublin , Jozef Zycinski , at a ceremony in which the Catholic Church solemnly acknowledged a scientist who at the time was considered a heretic because of his revolutionary ideas .
For a short video of Copernicus ' second funeral mass at Frombork Cathedral click here More about Nicolaus copernicus , Poland , Frombork More news from nicolaus copernicus poland frombork
BP buys Google , Yahoo oil spill search terms
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
As BP continues to try to stop the oil gushing into the Gulf of Mexico , the energy giant is also dealing with a public relations nightmare .
That 's why the company is snapping up search phrases like " oil spill " and " oil spill claims " on Google ( GOOG , Fortune 500 ) and Yahoo ( YHOO , Fortune 500 ) .
The strategy , says a company spokeswoman , aims to " assist those who are most impacted and help them find the right forms and the right people quickly and effectively . "
For instance , when a user searches " oil spill " on Google or Yahoo , there are millions of results -- but the first link on both search engines is a sponsored ad that leads to BP 's " Gulf of Mexico response " page that provides resources and information about the spill .
" In any crisis response situation , one of the first things you do is look at what 's happening on Google -- it 's a pretty cut and dry tactical move , " said Kent Jarrell , a senior vice president at Washington consulting firm APCO Worldwide who handles crisis management .
" I do it with all of my clients , because if we are n't buying the terms , somebody else is . "
And the advertisements are clearly highlighted as " sponsored links , " said Terry Heymeyer , who teaches crisis management at Rice University 's Jones Graduate School of Management .
That means that users will know that they 're clicking on a BP ( BP ) website , and can choose not to do so .
" Most companies that are smart are buying relevant search terms to increase their visibility on the Internet , " he said .
" As long as they are providing factual and timely information in a transparent way and doing interviews with other media sources as well , I do n't see any reason why they should n't be buying search terms . "
While BP , Google and Yahoo declined to comment on how many search terms the company purchased or how much BP has spent on the advertisements , Yahoo spokeswoman Rachel Carr said ad words cost as little as 1 cent per user click and can go up from there .
The cost depends on a combination of criteria , including the category of the search terms and the demand for them .
It may be standard operating procedure for companies in crisis to buy Internet search terms , but that did n't stop the company 's critics from taking a stab at the strategy .
The mystery individual behind the fake BP PR Twitter account quipped : " We 're paying Google a lot of money to make sure you only have access to the best possible info on the oil spill : our info . "
- video encodings still in process -
This little bastard of a bird can be a pain in the ass !
Posted by : mystery_man on June 8th , 2010
The Mysterious Little People of Japan
By – Brent Swancer
A commonly occurring phenomenon seen in the folklore and myth of a wide range of cultures throughout the world is the existence of miniature humanoid creatures .
Faeries , dwarves , leprechauns , or by whatever other names they are known , mysterious little people of various types have consistently emerged as important elements of folklore across the globe since time unremembered .
On the island of Hokkaido , in the cold northern reaches of the Japanese archipelago , the indigenous Ainu people too have their long traditions of an ancient race of dwarf - like people thought to have inhabited the land long before humans arrived .
The Ainu knew these creatures as the Koropokkuru , also often written in other ways such as Kor - pok - un - kur , Koro - pok - guru , and Koro Pokunguru .
They are also sometimes referred to as the Tsuchigumo .
The name Koropokkuru is most commonly translated as “ the people who live under the burdock leaves , ” and implies the diminutive size of the creatures .
In some stories a whole family was said to be able to fit underneath one burdock leaf , with one such leaf measuring about 4 feet across .
The size reported for the Koropokkuru , however , actually varies from tradition to tradition , and they were said to be anywhere from 2 or 3 feet in height all the way down to only mere inches in height .
In addition to their small size , the Koropokkuru were said to be rather rough and primitive looking , with large heads , prominent brows , and short , squashed noses .
They were sometimes said to have reddish skinned faces .
Most commonly Koropokkuru are described as being rather hairy and odiferous .
The non-Ainu Japanese of the time , and even early western explorers , already regarded the indigenous Ainu people as hairy brutes , and those who were acquainted with the Koropokkuru as well described these creatures as even more so .
Despite this brutish appearance , the Koropokkuru had some signs of sophistication .
They were said to use flint or stone knives , scrapers , and other simple implements , and were also known for their ability in the art of pottery , which the Aiunu were not known to practice .
Also unlike the Ainu , the Korropokkuru were said to dwell in pit dwellings , basically huts built over round holes in the earth , and this led them to sometimes be referred to as “ the pit dwellers . ”
The Koropokkuru were also known to be capable of speech , and were able to communicate with the Ainu in this manner .
According to Ainu lore , this dwarf race was exceedingly shy and did not like to be seen .
Nevertheless , they were known to trade with the Ainu on occasion , although such transactions were brief and typically done under the cover of night .
For the most part , the Koropokkuru were only fleetingly seen , and kept their distance from Ainu affairs .
The Koropokkuru and Ainu were said to have peacefully shared the land like this until a war broke out between them and the Koropokkuru were subsequently wiped out or driven away .
After this disappearance and with the ever greater presence of mankind in Hokkaido , this mysterious race of ancient little people seemed to have vanished forever .
Was there any truth to any of these stories of small , humanoid creatures living in the wilds of Hokkaido , and if so what were they ?
There has been some scattered evidence proposed over the years for such a non-Ainu race living in Hokkaido .
Archeologists have found evidence of strange pit dwellings all over Japan that are consistent with the stories of the Koropokkuru dwellings , but not consistent with the Ainu , who have always lived in thatched houses .
These pits have often been found to contain stone implements not typical of the Ainu , as well as mysterious tools that seem too small to be comfortable or efficient for normal human - sized hands .
Another archeological find that has been used in the past to support the existence of the Koropokkuru was made in 1877 by Edward S. Morse , one of the first to conduct proper archeological investigations in Japan .
At a site known as the Ōmori shell mound , Morse found an array of anthropologically significant pottery in that it did not fit in with what was known about Ainu culture .
The pottery conflicted with the lack of such a craft among Ainu , and the mystery deepened with Ainu denial that their ancestors had ever practiced it .
Morse found this odd , and by the time he published his find in 1879 , he had come to the conclusion that the Ōmori site was not an Ainu one , but rather that of some Neolithic race that predated the Ainu .
Morse ’s paper on the matter , entitled Shell Mounds of Ōmori , was actually quite significant in its time , and is widely regarded as marking the birth of Japanese anthropology and archeology .
Tsuboi Shōgorō , a student of Morse as well as a founding member of the Anthropological Society and a later professor of anthropology at the Tokyo Imperial University , looked at the pottery and was mostly responsible for formulating a connection between these hypothetical ancient people and the dwarf - like Koropukkuru .
Tsuboi uncovered the Ainu stories of the Koropokkuru and was struck by the affinity for pottery that they were said to display , something that was not associated with the Ainu .
He used this information to further support Morse ’s claims and to build that into a case for the existence of these creatures .
Based on the pottery , pit dwellings , and stone implements , all inconsistent with Ainu , Tsuboi hypothesized that these objects were not made by Ainu , but rather by the Koropokkuru .
Other anthropologists and scholars also came to similar conclusions , furthering the introduction of the Koropokkuru into academic discourse , however these ideas were highly controversial and fiercely debated at the time .
If there was indeed some sort of Stone Age race of half sized , tool using , pit dwelling humanoids in Japan , what were they and where did they come from ?
One possibility is that the Koropokkuru were some type of race of pygmy humans .
Pygmies are various ethnic groups around the world that are known for their small statures .
These peoples are defined as pygmies if their average height is less than 150 cm ( 4 feet 11 inches ) .
Pygmies can be found in Africa , the Malay Peninsula , the Andaman Islands , New Guinea , and the Philippines .
Many of these far flung pygmy groups share similar characteristics such as certain physical traits and social customs , which seems to suggest that they were perhaps more common in the past and may have shared a common ancestry .
If pygmies have been able to spread out over such distances and inhabit various islands and continents , it seems at least feasible that one such group of people could have at some point made its way to Japan .
Although a lost tribe of Japanese pygmies may be behind stories of the Koropokkuru , the rough , brutish physical characteristics described by the Ainu seem to suggest that these dwarves may be something else entirely .
Many cultures around the world have long reported the existence of half - sized , hairy hominids lurking in the wilds of the world .
These undersize hominids are known to many cryptozoologists as “ Proto - Pygmies , ” a term coined by the cryptozoologist Ivan T. Sanderson , originally as “ proto - pigmies . ”
Proto - Pygmies are typically described as being bipedal and very human - like , only covered with hair , which is sometimes of differing lengths , and possessing rough features such as prominent brows and short , thick noses .
The possible existence of such seemingly fantastical creatures got a shot in the arm with the discovery of remains of a race of miniature hominids found on Flores Island in the Indonesian archipelago .
The skeletal remains and other artifacts were found in Liang Bau Cave , on the Indonesian island of Flores , in 2003 , and were first described in 2004 .
The creatures came to be known as Homo floresiensis , and are sometimes referred to as the “ Hobbits of Flores . ”
Research done on the relatively complete remains of a female specimen referred to as LB1 , or the “ Little Lady of Flores , ” has shown that this full grown adult stood at a height of just 106 cm ( 3 ft 11inches ) .
It has also been established that these creatures were not merely dwarfed regular humans , but rather representatives of a completely new species of diminutive hominins .
Perhaps just as surprising as the existence of these creatures is that specimens found thus far have been dated as being 90,000 to 18,000 years old , which makes them contemporaneous with modern humans .
It is thought that these “ Hobbits ” may have existed as little as 12,000 years ago , and maybe even beyond .
These creatures seem to have had a high level of intelligence and relatively sophisticated technology .
Among the skeletal remains of Homo floresiensis found in the cave , there were stone tools , including advanced types such as flaked points and evidence of fire use , marking them as being probably at least as intelligent as the humans of the time .
Having such a wonderfully unique creature living contemporary to humans is exciting enough , but it also has far reaching implications for the various accounts of little hairy humanoids reported in modern times .
If something like Homo floresiensis has managed to survive into the present day , it gives us a realistic basis upon which to base accounts of similar creatures throughout the region .
Already there are relatively contemporary accounts of pygmy hominids in the immediate area that survived until as recently as the 19th century .
Among the local people , the creatures were known as the Ebu Gogo , which were said to be small , hairy , cave dwellers .
Indonesia also has its stories of the Orang Pendek , a small hairy hominid that is often likened to Homo floresiensis .
Stories such as these suggest that perhaps these Flores Hobbits have retained remnant populations in the region .
It would perhaps not be too unusual to find Homo floresiensis , or at least relatives of them , on other Indonesian islands .
Stone tools linked to Homo floresiensis have been found on Flores that date back to 840,000 to 750,000 years ago , far predating the arrival of modern humans some 40,000 years ago .
The question is how did they get there ?
Flores Island has long remained isolated , with no land bridges for such creatures to cross .
Even when sea levels were at their lowest , Flores was still separated from the mainland by 24 km ( 15 miles ) of water .
This suggests that in addition to their tool use and ability to utilize fire , Homo floresiensis , or their ancestors , were able to cross sea barriers as well , perhaps by using some sort of primitive rafts .
The idea of sea going ancestors of Homo floresiensis opens up a whole world of possibilities regarding Proto - Pygmies beyond Flores Island and even Indonesia .
In fact , stories of hairy little people are scattered throughout Oceania .
Hawaii has its Menehune , 2 to 3 foot tall hominids with stout , muscular bodies , low foreheads , and reddish faces .
Interestingly the Koropokkuru similarly are described as having red faces .
Ceylon has a type of 3 foot tall hairy hominid known as the Nittaewo .
Fiji too has stories of tiny , 2 foot tall hairy dwarves .
On the island of Palau , remains were found of an “ insular dwarf ” that dated to a mere 900 – 2,800 years ago .
The northern mountains of Queensland , Australia have long been thought to be the haunt of a race of miniature hairy humanoids known as the Junjdy .
These beings were said to be half the size of the native Aborigines .
Is it possible that Homo floresiensis , or their ancestors , possibly Homo erectus , spread out throughout Oceania and evolved in isolation into the many kinds of Proto - Pygmies reported today from these far flung places ?
If so , could such creatures not have made it to other parts of the Pacific as well , including Japan ?
Certainly if these creatures did cross sea barriers and manage to inhabit a place as far from Indonesia as Hawaii , the idea that they could have reached Japan should not be too entirely far - fetched .
A Proto - Pygmy related to the Flores hobbits would fit in quite well with the stories of the Koropokkuru .
The appearance seems to bear a resemblance , as does the use of stone tools present in both of these creatures .
It is thought that Homo floresiensis was quite possibly capable of speech , although to what extent is not well understood .
This ability to speak could possibly explain why the Koropokkuru had the ability to interact and trade with the Ainu , at least in some rudimentary manner .
Indeed the vocalizations often reported with Proto - Pygmies in other parts of the Pacific could also be explained by this ability to produce speech .
A remnant population of an ancestor of Homo floresiensis , evolved in isolation on the island of Hokkaido , Japan , does not seem to be a completely impossible notion especially when considering what we know of these “ Flores Hobbits ” and the amount of Proto - Pygmy accounts scattered throughout the Pacific region .
Maybe the presence of these early hominids was more far - reaching than is currently suspected .
It is also possible that these creatures may even be remnant populations of some early early human ancestor such as Homo erectus , possibly displaying island dwarfism and other adaptations due to the geographical isolation on the island of Hokkaido .
Although there are no modern accounts of the Koropokkuru , the mystery remains .
Did these Japanese Proto- Pygmies exist ?
Was there ever a race of ancient , miniature hominids that lived contemporaneously with human beings in Japan ?
If so , what could they have been ?
Were they a population of pygmy hominids or merely folkloric shadow creatures from another time ?
These are questions for which we have no answers at this point .
Yet perhaps the answers are somewhere out there right now in the cold , expansive wilderness of Hokkaido .
We 've been dreaming of a Syfy shared universe for a long time , and it looks like those wishes have n't fallen on deaf ears .
Syfy is finally delivering Warehouse 13 and Eureka crossover episodes .
But which characters get to go ?
Advertisement
It 's no secret Syfy loves to use actors from various original Syfy shows as guests cameos .
While it 's a lot of fun seeing James Callis pop up on Eureka , we 'd much rather have Gaius Baltar himself show up and cause a bit of mayhem in the super - genius town .
So it 's great news that Syfy is taking advantage of two shows that have a similar style and delivery , Warehouse 13 and Eureka , for a two episode crossover .
Advertisement
According to scifi wire , Neil Grayston of Eureka will visit Warehouse 13 .
And Warehouse 13's Allison Scagliotti will visit the town of Eureka .
The episodes will air on August 3rd and 6th .
In the episodes , which are currently filming , Douglas Fargo ( Neil Grayston ) of Eureka 's Global Dynamics is sent to Warehouse 13 to help update its aging computer system .
This triggers a seemingly sentient computer virus that sends the Warehouse into lockdown and traps the team inside .
The Warehouse 13 episode is entitled " 13.1 " and will air on Tuesday , August 3 , at 9 PM ( ET / PT ) .
The Eureka episode entitled " Crossing Over , " will air on Friday , August 6 , at 9 PM ( ET / PT ) .
Warehouse 13's Claudia Donovan ( Allison Scagliotti ) pays a visit to Eureka , hoping to see some amazing technological wonders .
She gets more than she bargained for when seemingly random objects begin appearing around town .
Working with Sheriff Carter ( Colin Ferguson ) and Fargo , Claudia has to help solve the mystery before the strange anomalies have deadly consequences ... particularly for newcomer Dr. Grant ( James Callis ) .
GO FIGURE
Different ways of seeing stats
Is eating a pork sausage a day bad for you ?
In his regular column , Michael Blastland puts claims this week that it causes heart disease and diabetes through the Go Figure risk - o- meter .
Out of the frying pan into the dock ?
To be a sausage this week was to stand accused - yet again - of crimes against health .
Pity the pork farmer .
Most media coverage failed , again , to give us the information we needed
About three years ago , evidence appeared to suggest that sausages were associated with colorectal cancer ; this week , it was coronary heart disease .
Read the headlines and the British banger is a loaded gun .
But how risky is it really ?
Most media coverage failed , again , to give us the information we needed .
Time , once more , to dust off the Go Figure risk - o- meter , or should we say ' risk - o- meater ' , my editor asks ?
Click through the slide show to see how it works .
BACK {current} of {total} NEXT
Most of the news stories slip up by giving only one number , an abstract percentage , 20 % or 42 % , to represent the increased risk from eating sausages .
It does n't say what the ordinary risk is .
But an increased risk of even 100 % makes little difference if the ordinary risk is only one in a million .
A rise from one in a million to two in a million wo n't bother anyone .
But if the ordinary risk is one in two , then 100 % more makes a huge difference .
So " increased by 100 % " is a very variable feast .
From bacon to booze , risks often make headlines
How to understand risk in 13 clicks
In this case , 20 % can equal one person in every hundred , while 42 % can equal 20 people .
It all depends where you start .
It 's an argument familiar to Go Figure regulars .
One day , perhaps , journalism will catch on .
Maybe all stories about risk should be required to include the words " from " , and " to " as in : " the risk rises from to " and to state these risks as the number of people at risk in every 100 .
Meanwhile , it helps to know that the ordinary or baseline risk of heart disease is high , while the baseline risk of colorectal cancer is rather lower .
Multiply each of these by the relevant extra sausage risk and you get quite different results .
So if the research on sausages and heart disease stands up , this makes an appreciable difference to the risks each of us faces .
Vegetarians Bear in mind , though , that the figures are based on eating an extra sausage every day , and that a great many other things influence the risks of heart disease and diabetes , and that links between a food and a health hazard ( or benefit ) do not always indicate a direct cause .
Assumptions : Baseline rates of lifetime risk of heart disease are taken from a study reported in the Lancet , here .
They 've had a bad week
The risk of heart disease is also affected by other factors , described here .
Baseline rates of lifetime diabetes risk are harder to find .
There are published figures for the US and Australia , though the US figures might be affected by higher rates of obesity there .
The US figures can be found here .
Given uncertainty about their applicability to the UK , we have used a round third as a crude approximation of the probable UK numbers .
Diabetes risk varies considerably according to many factors other than sausages .
A guide to the risk factors is here .
There is also a perplexing qualification .
That one small study - and it was small , so might not be reliable - found that a group of vegetarians had more colorectal cancer than meat eaters .
Below are a selection of your comments .
As always co-relation not causation , plus some extrapolation .
People who eat processed pork products have a higher incidence of x than people who do not .
Do pork products cause x ?
Is there a linear relationship between increased pork and increased x ?
Or are the egg and chips that accompany the pork product contributing ?
Food scares are great cheap journalism , but seldom very helpful .
Dave Waters , Northampton
Thank you for your explicit rendering of a valuable statistical lesson .
Most apologists for the food industry slither by this rather subtle mathematical truth .
DanInTheApple , New York City , USA Lies , damn lies and statistics .
Thank you for bringing the abuse of stats ( often as much out of ignorance as out of intent ) on the nutritional debate .
You also mentioned the study sample size , critically important to the validity of the study , and should also be mentioned with the stats .
I 'm off to have a sausage .
Paul Beckett , London , UK
Thank god there are journalists who want to educate rather than create headlines .
In general moderate intake of most things is healthy .
But drink too much water , and it is toxic .
There is one postscript to this article , which is that if heart disease does n't get you , something else will .
Chris , London
As the item states ;
It depends on where you draw your statistical baseline as to whether you see the risk as negligable or significant .
Do n't want to rain on anyone 's parade , but we all die - including those with the most cautious and healthy lifestyles .
Take Jim Fix ( invented jogging ) , who died of a heart attack in his late 30's .
So why worry yourself into an early grave ?
Duncan , Glenrothes
An excellent piece .
The reporting of medical research in the media is often very misleading .
Perhaps stories should also mention somewhere that correlation does n't always equal causation !
David Trueman , High Wycombe Given that sausage recipes vary from good quality ones that contain up to 80 % non-recovered meat to the ones that are more rusk and fat with minimal meat content saying that the British banger is bad for you is scaremongering .
Perhaps manufacturers could state the ratio of ingredients , including country of origin and leave the customer to choose .
However the better quality sausages will be out of range of the average household .
Hazel , Erith , Kent Short of saying plutonium is the secret ingredient in the typical banger , nothing you report would turn me away from a plate of bangers and mash .
' Nuff said .
Paul Seauvan , Sausalito , CA USA " One small study ... found that a group of vegetarians had more colorectal cancer than meat eaters "
If I was a meat eater , I would go around saying exactly the same thing .
Besides , it makes meat eaters feel all warm inside to say something negative about vegetarians , does n't it ?!?
Patricia , Kent , UK
My mother in law has been eating sausages and bacon fried in lard all her life .
She has lots of sugar in her tea , and has real butter dripping from her toast , and she 's still going strong at almost 96 years old !
I say eat what you enjoy and do n't worry , as next week it 's likely that the news will be that sausages are good for you and extend you life !
Nigel Dixon , Wakefield UK
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Starting in mid-2011 , the Federal Trade Commission announced today , consumers shopping for light bulbs will notice new labeling on packaging designed to help them choose among the different types of bulbs on the market – traditional incandescent bulbs , and newer high - efficiency compact fluorescent ( CFL ) and light - emitting diode ( LED ) bulbs .
The new labels will enable consumers to save money by selecting the most efficient bulbs that best fit their lighting needs .
Under direction from Congress to re-examine the current labels , the FTC is announcing a final rule that will require the new labels on light bulb packages .
For the first time , the label on the front of the package will emphasize the bulbs ’ brightness as measured in lumens , rather than a measurement of watts .
The new front - of - package labels also will include the estimated yearly energy cost for the particular type of bulb .
While watt measurements are familiar to consumers and have been featured on the front of light bulb packages for decades , watts are a measurement of energy use , not brightness .
As a result , reliance on watt measurements alone make it difficult for consumers to compare traditional incandescent bulbs to more efficient bulbs , such as compact fluorescents .
A compact fluorescent bulb may be able to produce the same amount of brightness as a traditional incandescent bulb , while using significantly less energy , or watts .
New energy standards mandated by Congress will effectively phase out traditional low - efficiency incandescent bulbs from the U.S. market over the next few years .
The new labels that focus on brightness in lumens will help consumers make purchasing decisions as they transition to more energy - efficient types of bulbs .
Under the new rule , the back of each package of light bulbs will have a “ Lighting Facts ” label modeled after the “ Nutrition Facts ” label that is currently on food packages .
The Lighting Facts label will provide information about :
brightness ;
energy cost ;
the bulb ’s life expectancy ;
light appearance ( for example , if the bulb provides “ warm ” or “ cool ” light ) ;
wattage ( the amount of energy the bulb uses ) ; and
whether the bulb contains mercury .
The bulb ’s brightness , measured in lumens , and a disclosure for bulbs containing mercury , also will be printed on each bulb .
The new labeling requirements become effective one year from the date they are issued .
The FTC also is seeking public comments on several issues that might be relevant to future changes to light bulb labeling requirements , such as whether new labeling requirements should be applied to candelabra bulbs .
Information on how to submit public comments can be found in a Federal Register notice that will be issued by the FTC and is available at : http://www.ftc.gov/sites/default/files/documents/federal_register_notices/appliance-labeling-rule-final-rule-and-opportunity-comment/100719noticeofrulemaking.pdf.
The vote approving the Federal Register notice was 5 - 0 .
The FTC will have more detailed information and consumer education available about the new labels early next year .
Copies of the Federal Register notice are available from the FTC ’s Web site at http://www.ftc.gov and from the FTC ’s Consumer Response Center , Room 130 , 600 Pennsylvania Avenue , N.W. , Washington , D.C. 20580 .
The FTC works for the consumer to prevent fraudulent , deceptive , and unfair business practices and to provide information to help spot , stop , and avoid them .
To file a complaint in English or Spanish , click : http://www.ftc.gov/ftc/complaint.shtm or call 1-877-382-4357 .
The FTC enters Internet , telemarketing , identity theft , and other fraud - related complaints into Consumer Sentinel , a secure , online database available to more than 1,800 civil and criminal law enforcement agencies in the U.S. and abroad .
For free information on a variety of consumer topics , click http://ftc.gov/bcp/consumer.shtm.
( FTC File No. P084206 )
What to Do When the Oil Runs Out
Everything Frits de Wette says in his letter “ The Sun is a Wild Card ” [ APS News , January , 2010 ] is valid and sensible , but heating due to anthropogenic activities is nevertheless possible , even likely if you look at the combustion of about one - half of Earth ’s stored oil in about fifty years .
Should there be an anthropogenic threat , dealing with it will get more difficult year - by - year .
The best arguments against a solar cause are the steepness of the increases and the physical changes in the planet .
Tree records do not show such past steepness .
This is an extremely complex question , and we may not have good answers for a decade or more .
Further , we may not be chasing the right question .
If the increase is solar as per de Wette ’s letter , are we going to sit back and watch our agriculture severely damaged , our environment altered , and do nothing ?
The proposed solutions are to increase efficiencies and to find new renewable , non -solar trapping , energy sources ( or if not renewable , more plentiful . )
Since we have used approximately 50 % of the stored oil in less than 100 years , and since our usage is ever increasing , a day of reckoning comes , when the soda straw will suck air .
Recovery techniques get better every year , and there is still some oil to be found , but this only has to do with the date of the day of reckoning –not its certain arrival .
When the oil runs out , we are going to need nuclear .
Wind , water , thermal , and solar , even coal ( with caveats ) are all good , but no way we power Earth with them .
Using the US as a standard , most of Earth is extremely underpowered right now .
Our nuclear reactors take forever to build and approve , create too much radioactive waste , are not safe enough , and do not breed new fuel .
We need a new design .
We have about a decade or two to get a new reactor design done , tested , and approved and another decade to build reactors .
This has to do with post - oil power , not with global warming , but the design of all new energy must address global warming .
Let ’s get on with solving the problems .
Pittsburgh , PA
Artist Bio
Alfred Gescheidt is a professional photographer born in Queens , New York on December 19 , 1926 .
He won a scholarship to the Art Students ’ League and studied with Will Barnet and Harry Sternberg .
He served briefly in the Navy during World War II , then went to the University of New Mexico and studied with Raymond Johnson .
He decided to become a photographer and transferred to the Los Angeles Art Center School and here studied with George Hoyningen - Huene .
In the 1950s he documented life on city streets and beaches of America .
His work first appeared in Life magazine in 1951 , and in August , 1970 , Life published a two - page spread of his work .
For three years ,
Oui magazine published a column , “ Gescheidt ’s World ” .
His work has appeared on record album covers , pocket paperback book covers , calendars , posters , greeting cards and postcards , and in U.S. and European magazines and newspapers including : Collier ’s , Cue , Esquire , Ladies ’ Home Journal , Life , Look , Mademoiselle , Modern Photography , New York , Newsweek , Omni , Oui , Pageant , Parade , People , Popular Photography , Saturday Evening Post , Stern , The National Star , The New York Times , This Week , Time , TV Guide , Woman ’s Day , and Women ’s Home Companion .
Gescheidt has had a long , distinguished career as an artist and photographer .
His photomontages , made before the innovation of computer manipulations like Photoshop , made him famous in the industry and his images seen by millions .
With an eye for both the humor and the sublime details in everyday life , he has been described as “ the Charlie Chaplin of the camera ” and “ America ’s foremost photo - satirist . ” ( wikipedia )
Alfred Gescheidt on Higher Pictures
Looks like he 'll be riding the short bus to school after that stunt .
WASHINGTON — The Obama administration , under intense political pressure from Capitol Hill and elsewhere , is engaged in a vigorous debate over whether to reverse course and join an international treaty banning land mines , administration officials said this week .
In re-examining the issue , the administration is stepping back into the glare of a perennial cause that has captured the attention of world leaders , royalty and celebrities .
It is also inviting another internal debate that pits the Pentagon against other parts of the administration .
The policy review , which officials expect to be completed this summer , could result in the United States pledging to abide by the treaty ’s provisions even if it does not join it .
That would be a striking disavowal of its announcement last fall that it would stick to the Bush administration ’s refusal to join the agreement , known as the Ottawa Treaty .
It would also mollify critics , chiefly Senator Patrick J. Leahy , Democrat of Vermont , who called the earlier decision a “ default of U.S. leadership and a detour from the clear path of history . ”
Mr. Leahy , who expressed his dismay to President Obama , said on Friday that he was glad the issue was getting “ the kind of attention it should have been getting then . ”
The Earth is largely made up of it .
As are we …
And yet about it we know significantly little .
Until the groundbreaking work of a pioneer Japanese researcher whose astonishing discovery about water , documented photographically , changed most of what we did n’t know …and led to a new consciousness of Earth ’s most precious resource .
Dr. Masaru Emoto was born in Japan and is a graduate of the Yokohama Municipal University and the Open International University as a Doctor of Alternative Medicine .
His photographs were first featured in his self - published books Messages from Water 1 and 2 .
The Hidden Messages in Water was first published in Japan , with over 400,000 copies sold internationally .
What has put Dr. Emoto at the forefront of the study of water is his proof that thoughts and feelings affect physical reality .
By producing different focused intentions through written and spoken words and music and literally presenting it to the same water samples , the water appears to “ change its expression ” .
Essentially , Dr. Emoto captured water ’s ‘ expressions . ’
He developed a technique using a very powerful microscope in a very cold room along with high - speed photography , to photograph newly formed crystals of frozen water samples .
Not all water samples crystallize however .
Water samples from extremely polluted rivers directly seem to express the ‘ state ’ the water is in .
Dr. Masaru Emoto discovered that crystals formed in frozen water reveal changes when specific , concentrated thoughts are directed toward them .
He found that water from clear springs and water that has been exposed to loving words shows brilliant , complex , and colorful snowflake patterns .
In contrast , polluted water , or water exposed to negative thoughts , forms incomplete , asymmetrical patterns with dull colors .
The implications of this research create a new awareness of how we can positively impact the earth and our personal health .
The success of his books outside Japan has been remarkable .
Dr. Emoto has been called to lecture around the world as a result and has conducted live experiments both in Japan and Europe as well as in the US to show how indeed our thoughts , attitudes , and emotions as humans deeply impact the environment .
Dr. Emotos newest book , The Hidden Messages in Water , further explores his revolutionary research .
Since humans and the earth are composed mostly of water , his message is one of personal health , global environmental renewal , and a practical plan for peace that starts with each one of us .
The implications of this research create a new awareness of how we can positively impact the earth and our personal health .
Available from your favorite bookseller or from Beyond Words Publishing www.beyondword.com.
Dr. Emoto ’s web site
“ Half of the earth is water ; our body is three - quarters water .
Water represents the interface between the 4th dimension in which we live and the 5th dimensional sphere of our soul .
Many studies have shown subtle effects of healers upon hydrogen bonding and infrared absorption of water .
None of these scientific studies can compare with the beauty and clear messages shown by Dr. Emoto ’s elegant work .
The impact of thought and beauty has never before been demonstrated so well . ”
C. Norman Shealy , M.D. , Ph.D .
Founding President , American Holistic Medical Association
President .
Holos University Graduate Seminary
Author of 295 publications , including Sacred Healing
“ The Hidden Messages in Water is magnificent .
Through his genius photography and superb scientific skill , Dr. Masaru Emoto has created a book that is truly a mystical treasure .
His contribution to research in spiritual consciousness is positively masterful . ”
– Caroline M. Myss , author of Sacred Contracts and Anatomy of the Spirit
“ As with Galileo , Newton , and Einstein , Dr. Emoto¹s clear vision helps us see ourselves and our universe differently .
Science and spirit unite , resulting in a profound and undeniable quantum leap in how we view our world , and how we can reclaim our health and create peace . ”
– Marcus Laux , ND , Editor , Naturally Well Today
I 'm not asking for much .
I just do n't want to be sick in my mouth .
I do n't want to leave the cinema feeling like I 've paid £ 7.50 to be mocked , patronised and kicked in the face .
I do n't want to be filled with despair at Hollywood 's increasing inability to conceive of women in comedic films as anything other than self - obsessed babies with breasts .
And I do n't , most of all , want to spend two hours watching dreams and memories from my youth being trampled into humiliating self - parody .
Is that too much to ask ?
Judging from the hideous trailer and even more hideous scenes that have been leaked on the web , yes , all this is just beyond the capabilities of the pink - fringed , cliche - ridden , materialistic , misogynistic , borderline racist Sex and the City 2 .
And depressingly , it 's no surprise .
After all , my God , did you see the first film ?
As Carrie herself would have once said – before she became the demented harpy she was init , one whose response to having been jilted at the altar was : " How am I going to get my clothes ? " – could a cinematic experience be any worse than that SATC film ( part 1 ) was ?
The answer from this Friday , when SATC 2 opens , looks set to being in the affirmative ( and I warn you now , this article will be full of spoilers , spoilers of both the film and your memories of the show ) .
There 's been a lot of nonsense written about SATC the TV series in recent weeks , often by journalists who never watched it ( in fact , one writer of a recent piece cited that achievement as a point of pride before then listing his reasons for hating the show , reasons he presumably pulled out of his ass ) .
But the truth is , the show was fantastic : smart , funny , warm and wise , a far cry from the " middle - aged women having embarrassing sex with various unsuitable partners " cliche that the above writer used .
It was about four smart women , three of whom had no interest in getting married .
Candace Bushnell 's original book on which the show was based was good , but the show was great .
Yes , there were stupid puns ( although I maintain that Carrie 's response to Big when he said he was moving to California because he was tired – " If you 're tired you take a napa , you do n't move to Napa " – is pretty funny ) .
And , yes , there was sex and shopping .
But unlike in the films , that 's not all there was , and that was n't all the characters cared about .
What elevated the show way above the normal chickflick tat , and way above the films , was that it had genuine emotional truth .
It sang with lines that you knew had come from real life ( " How can I have this baby ?
I barely had time to schedule this abortion " being quite possibly my all - time favourite ) and plots that went beyond the limiting convention of cliche .
Samantha 's breast cancer , for example , showed not only how scary and sad cancer ( obviously ) is , but also how boring , sweaty and plain inconvenient it is , too .
But now , treacherously , the films confirm all the worst ( and wrong ) assumptions ( men , mainly ) made about the show and its ( largely female ) audience .
The most humiliating example of this was the review of the first film in the New Yorker by Anthony Lane , one of my most revered journalists .
Lane wrote : " I walked into the theatre hoping for a nice evening and came out as a hardline Marxist , my head a whirl of closets , delusions , and blunt - clawed cattiness . . .
There is a deep sadness in the sight of Carrie and her friends defining themselves by . . . their ability to snare and keep a man . "
Oh , Anthony !
You 're right , but it was n't always thus !
After I saw the first film and emerged from the cinema making a Munch - esque scream , I thought maybe Sarah Jessica Parker and Michael Patrick King ( the show and film 's writer and director ) had been paralysed with fear by their foray into the cinema .
But from recent interviews they have given , and how bad the second film looks , I 'm really beginning to wonder .
Did they just never get it ?
Was the show 's genius a fluke that somehow slipped through their conventional , patronising net ?
Or have both been so blinded by the success of the show that they have lost sight of its original appeal ?
Simple comparisons between the films and the show give a hint of the answer .
In the TV show , the women ( I refuse to refer to them as girls as they did a little in the TV series and a lot in the films ) reprimanded Samantha for her occasional crackpot attempts to maintain her youth , and she always came round and loudly loved her looks .
In the second film , she knocks back 44 pills every morning to " trick my body into thinking it 's younger " , she says triumphantly , and Carrie and Miranda look impressed .
Miranda !
Surely the woman who once said while buying her wedding dress on the TV show , " No white , no ivory , no nothing that says virgin .
I have a child .
The jig is up , " will inject a little reality - establishing sarcasm here ?
No .
She says , " I 've tricked my body into thinking it 's thinner – Spanx ! "
Again , Carrie nods approvingly .
It 's like being lobotomised with a pink teaspoon .
( If this point about youth obsession now being de rigueur is not made clearly enough , behold the film poster , on which the four leads are so airbrushed not only do they not look like themselves , they do n't even look human . )
Then there 's the issue of race .
The TV series was , quite rightly , criticised for rarely featuring non-Caucasian characters .
The first film 's nervy response to this was to include a black character , but as Carrie 's assistant , played by Jennifer Hudson , who is cravenly grateful for Carrie 's designer cast - offs , and then returns in the end to St Louis , where black people more belong .
The second film goes even further , because King sends the characters to Abu Dhabi .
Not since 1942's Arabian Nights has orientalism been portrayed so unironically .
All Middle Eastern men are shot in a sparkly light with jingly jangly music just in case you did n't get that these dusky people are exotic and different .
Even leaving aside the question of why anyone would go on holiday to Abu Dhabi , everyone who has ever watched a TV show knows that the first rule is : do n't take characters out of their usual environment .
The term " jump the shark " was even coined about the series - destroying episode of Happy Days in which the characters go on holiday and Fonzie water - skis over a shark .
This rule was repeatedly proven in the TV series of Sex and the City as the weakest episodes always involved the women leaving New York ( two forays to California , one to Atlantic City ) and it is roundly proven here because the film - makers ' knowledge of the Middle East begins and ends with Lawrence of Arabia , whereas part of the fun of the show was the in - the - know details about Manhattan .
And speaking of Manhattan , the only ethnic minorities you see there are waiting behind counters to sell the women expensive handbags .
In the films the message is women want a ring at all self - abasing costs ; in the show , Carrie rejected Aidan , who was perfect on so many levels , because she could n't , no matter how hard she tried , bring herself to marry him .
The show did n't judge her or him for that , nor did it get at her for being " old " , the way the film does – it just showed how sad it was for both of them and how marriage takes more than just the seemingly perfect ingredients .
This was a plotline that seemed so true and heartfelt , two words that one would be hard pressed to employ about the big romantic twist to the second film .
You may have heard there 's a wedding .
There is .
And it 's for . . .
Stanford and Antony .
That 's right , two gay characters who always hated each other in the show but now get married because , well , they 're both gay .
What else do you need to be married ?
The difference between how the women 's jobs are portrayed in the TV show and the films is perhaps the best example of how low the latter have sunk .
In the show , we repeatedly see Miranda working in her office as a partner in a law firm and , yes , the job is hard and time - consuming but she loves it and her success is a badge of pride .
Ditto Samantha as a PR .
Even Carrie , who works as a newspaper columnist , a job I can personally assure you is not physically taxing , derives real satisfaction from her work , to the point that her willingness to quit it for her Russian boyfriend in the last series is an ominous sign .
There is a whole episode about the women 's difficulty in accepting Charlotte 's decision to quit her job when she marries , and boyfriends who do n't take work seriously are seen as immature freeloaders .
Cut to the films .
In the first one , not only do we never see Miranda working ( because that 's obviously less relevant to women 's lives than watching Carrie have an orgasm over her new walk - in closet ) , but her job is the reason for Steve 's infidelity , because he was n't getting enough attention from his wife , who was working to support him .
In the second film , guess what ?
She leaves the law firm !
How could she resist after Steve suggested she could " be at home [ more ] and help out around the house " ?
Sorry , I think I just burned my fingers while retrieving my bra from the fire .
Then there 's the fashion .
The women always wore designer clothes in the series , but the movies are little more than two - hour adverts , a point underlined by the fact that Parker is now the chief creative officer of Halston Heritage , a label that features heavily in the second film .
A woman can love fashion without looking and behaving like an international call girl .
In fact , the show made this very point in an episode involving an international call girl .
Both movies have forgotten this and instead , we are left with Carrie squealing about Dior and Samantha wearing clothes that she seems to have stolen from Joan Collins and the whole thing adds up to Absolutely Fabulous without the fun .
If the movies have killed the Sex and the City dream , then , in retrospect , its death throes could be seen in the last series with its insistence that Carrie had to get together with Mr Big in the end , never mind if it was totally out of character for both of them , never mind if it went against everything the show once said about women not needing to put up with men who make them feel like crap .
Weirdly , as the show became more successful , it became more conventional , thereby losing its USP .
Bridget Jones – arguably the UK equivalent of SATC – suffered from this problem .
The moment in Bridget Jones :
The Edge of Reason when Bridget is in jail having a singalong is like the moment in the first SATC film when Carrie agrees to marry Big if he 'll build her " a really big closet " .
Ultimately , both Helen Fielding and Sarah Jessica Parker killed their own franchises , and what 's really depressing about this is that it suggests the default position for movies and books about women , for women , is to show them as marriage - obsessed morons .
There are still hours of re-runs of the TV series every night on the Comedy Central channel , and I used to watch them .
But the films have ruined them for me .
I can hardly make out the smarts and emotions that I used to love because all I can see is the impending conventionalism .
Apparently , that 's all Parker and King could see , too .
The death of Sex and the City is not just a shame for fans , but for all women with higher expectations of movies about women than a compendium of cliches from the Daily Mail .
Carrie , you may have bought a lot of shoes in these movies , but ultimately , you sold out .
• This article was amended on 25 May 2010 .
The original said that Jennifer Hudson was returning to the south .
This has been corrected .
If you 've ever wanted to download a ginormous image of the Moon and explore it , now 's your chance : the Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter Camera folks have released a monster 185 megapixel image of one of the biggest smackdowns on the Moon : Orientale Basin .
Yowza !
Click to get the 1400 x 1400 pixel PNG , or you can try to swallow the 122 Mb TIF at the full resolution of 13,590 x 13,590 pixels !
Orientale is a vast impact basin , the hole left by an asteroid that hit the Moon about three billion years ago .
Looking like a humongous bulls - eye , it 's a multi-ring crater , and the outer ramparts are a full 950 km ( 590 miles ) across .
That 's half again bigger than my home state of Colorado .
To give you an idea of just how big this is -- and also , to be honest , to scare myself a little -- I superimposed the picture of Orientale on a map of the United States .
This is to scale , folks :
Holy .
Frakking .
Crap .
Whatever hit the Moon to create this basin must have been about 100 kilometers ( 60 miles ) across .
That would have made it 1000 times the mass of the asteroid that wiped out the dinosaurs .
If something like that hit the Earth today , there would be no life left on our planet .
At all .
Happily , nothing that big is headed our way .
Oh , but what a sight that must have been .
An impact that size would release the energy of 100 billion one - megaton hydrogen bombs .
It would have been visible across the solar system !
Amazingly , though , such events were a little more common back then ; the solar system used to be filled with monster asteroids itching for a fight .
That period of bombardment ended billions of years ago , though .
Yay .
The image from LROC is pretty amazing .
It 's actually a mosaic of quite a few individual images from the Wide Angle Camera .
The resolution is about 100 meters per pixel in the full image .
If you do n't want to download that big picture , you can interactively zoom in on the basin on the LROC website .
The black areas are where data are missing ( or where the Moon is modest , perhaps ) .
You can see that Orientale is not like other craters .
The event was so huge that it punched right into the Moon , like a fist through a styrofoam sheet , and the crater left behind got partially filled up with lava .
That 's why there 's no obvious rim and bowl shape you usually see in smaller craters .
The multiple rings are not fully understood -- it 's rather hard to model an impact that releases the energy of a few billion nuclear bombs -- though they are common in giant impacts .
It may be that waves of energy blasting out from the impact event ripple through the ground like earthquakes , and where they rebound and interact you get those rings .
Since the original event , other , smaller impacts have dotted it , but again I refer you to the map of the US above to see what " smaller " means in this case !
Some are bigger than cities and counties .
Surrounding the inner part of the basin is terrain loaded with scarps ( steep cliffs ) , gullies cut by flowing lava , and cracks caused by the shifting landscape .
It 's really worth your time to simply scroll around the interactive map and see what 's there .
And remember , at highest zoom each pixel is about the size of a football stadium .
Friday , June 18 , 2010 was the first anniversary of the launch of LRO .
Consider this image a fantastic present to us !
Image credit : NASA / GSFC / Arizona State University
Chief Secretary to the Treasury David Laws on the short note from his Labour predecessor Liam Byrne , with a frank admission on how much money is left .
Image caption Cryosat tracks over the Ross Ice Shelf and Ross Sea on 11 April
The Cryosat - 2 mission is delivering on its promise to make high - precision radar measurements of polar ice .
The first data from the European spacecraft has been presented at an Earth observation meeting in Norway .
The information clearly shows Cryosat has the required sensitivity to assess the state of Antarctic and Arctic ice , according to its lead scientist .
" All of the measurement concepts have been confirmed , " UCL Professor Duncan Wingham told BBC News .
Image caption The Ross Ice Shelf is formed by landed glaciers that push out into the sea
The European Space Agency 's Cryosat - 2 satellite was launched in April on a quest to map the thickness and shape of the Earth 's polar ice cover .
It carries a single instrument - a SAR / Interferometric Radar Altimeter ( Siral ) - which has a capability that far exceeds the previous space - borne radar technology used for this purpose .
Siral has an along - track ( straight ahead ) resolution of about 250 m , which will allow it to see the gaps of open water between the protruding sea-ice floes of the Arctic .
With centimetre - scale accuracy , the altimeter will measure the difference in height between the two surfaces so scientists can work out the overall volume of the marine cover .
HOW TO MEASURE SEA-ICE THICKNESS FROM SPACE Cryosat 's radar has the resolution to see the Arctic 's floes and leads
Some 7/8ths of the ice tends to sit below the waterline - the draft
The aim is to measure the freeboard - the ice part above the waterline
Knowing this 1/8th figure allows Cryosat to work out sea ice thickness
A second antenna on Siral offset from the first by about a metre will enable the instrument to sense the shape of the ice below , returning more reliable information on slopes and ridges .
This interferometric observing mode will be used to assess the edges of Greenland and Antarctica where some rapid thinning has been detected in recent years .
At Esa 's Living Planet Symposium here in Bergen , Professor Wingham released radar data taken from a Cryosat pass over the Ross Ice Shelf in Antarctica .
It records the edge of the 400 m - thick mass of ice , and the sudden drop to the seawater surface which is probably covered with a thin veneer of ice .
" It shows us coming off the shelf ; it shows the scoop [ or slumping ] you often get at the edge as a result of melting underneath , and then our pass over the sea - although there must be a lot of ice in the water .
It 's very still ; there are no waves on it , " explained Professor Wingham .
" There 's a feature in there that 's so sharp , it 's probably a fracture . "
Another radar echo track , acquired this time in the Arctic , illustrates Cryosat 's ability to see the gaps , or leads , in the ice - something it has to do to make an assessment of ice thickness .
This only became possible last week after several weeks of calibration work on Siral .
Image caption Cryosat has to be able to distinguish the floes from the leads
" It 's all starting to come into focus , " said Professor Wingham .
Esa 's mission operations team has had to work the spacecraft to get it into the correct orbit to do its science .
The Dnepr rocket put the satellite initially into an elliptical orbit that took the platform to too high an altitude to make optimal ice measurements .
This meant Cryosat had to fire its thrusters to tighten the ellipse , bringing the highest altitude down from 770 km to under 760 km ; and the instrument was then re-tuned for the changed circumstances .
" We budgeted 15 kg of fuel to acquire the initial orbit to allow for launch errors , " said Dr Richard Francis , the Esa Cryosat project manager .
" What we actually used to achieve this [ modified ] orbit was 2.2kg .
So , it was a lot less than we budgeted ; we 've got a lot of fuel left .
We 're now using about 2g a day in normal operations . "
Esa expects to get at least five years of mission life out of the satellite .
The spacecraft is mid-way through a six - month commissioning phase .
Once this is complete , calibrated and validated data will be delivered to the scientific community .
Jonathan .
Amos-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Following in the footsteps of the European initiative launched by JCall , a group of Jewish - American leaders on Friday launched an online petition urging an end to Israeli settlements in the West Bank and East Jerusalem and calling for a two - state solution to the Israeli - Palestinian conflict .
Open gallery view Israeli left - wing activists participate in a rally against West Bank Jewish settlements , in Jerusalem on May 15 , 2010 Credit : AP
Called " For the Sake of Zion , " the petition is signed by dozens of prominent American rabbis , judges , writers , academics and philanthropists .
( See the petition here . )
" Encouraged by the recent European ' Call For Reason , ' signed by more than 5,200 Jewish citizens of European countries , we , American Jews passionately devoted to the safety and welfare of the State of Israel , now add our voices to those of our European kinsfolk , " the group 's petition reads .
" They recognize , as do we , that Israel faces existential threats , both from without and from within .
We do not take these lightly , but we reject the view that they are Israels inevitable destiny . "
The signatories , some of which have lived in Israel , go on to say that the Jewish people are entitled to live in a sovereign state .
" We believe without reservation that ' Israel is the national home of the Jewish people , ' and we therefore feel both entitled and obligated to make our views known , " the group said in its petition .
The American Jewish leaders go on to say that they categorically condemn terrorism , but at the same time , " we abhor the continuing occupation that has persisted for far too long ; it cannot and should not be sustained .
" As our European counterparts correctly point out , ' [ T ] he occupation and the continuing pursuit of settlements in the West Bank and in the Arab districts of Jerusalem . . . are morally and politically wrong and feed the unacceptable de-legitimation process that Israel currently faces abroad . '
They go on to say , ' Israel will soon be faced with two equally disastrous choices : either to become a state in which Jews are a minority in their own country , or to establish a regime that would be a disgrace to Israel and lead to civil unrest . '
We agree , " write the American Jewish leaders .
The petition calls for both sides to advance toward a two - state solution , which they say requires concession and commitments from both sides .
The group endorses the Obama administration 's " vigorous encouragement of the parties to make the concessions necessary for negotiations to advance .
In that context , we call upon Israel immediately to cease construction of housing in the disputed territories . "
The petition concludes by saying that Israeli citizens and their neighbors are ultimately those who will decide on their future and that is their right , but " Ours is to call attention to decisions the government of Israel takes which , in our view , endanger the State we hold so dear .
We invite all those of similar view to sign this statement . "
The European initiative , JCall was launched in early May by public figures and intellectuals , such as Bernard - Henri Levy , Alain Finkielkraut and Daniel Cohn - Bendit , in an effort to make a new Jewish voice heard " that is both committed to the state of Israel and critical of the current choices of its government . "
JCall has collected more than 5,600 signatures online .
TORONTO , Canada —
It has become shockingly clear that protecting the church from scandal was the top priority for many Roman Catholic bishops when faced with priests who sexually abused children .
The impression this has created — church officials more concerned with the interests of the church than the wellbeing of children — has added to the outrage felt in the growing list of countries where sex abuse scandals have been made public .
Of the many examples , few have been as glaring as one that came to light last week , when a letter written by a Canadian bishop was submitted as evidence in a lawsuit by a sex abuse victim against the Diocese of Pembroke , in the eastern part of Ontario .
The letter makes clear that avoiding scandal was a key concern of the late Bishop Joseph Windle when writing to the Vatican about a pedophile priest in 1993 .
Windle was preoccupied with ensuring there was , as he put it , “ little or no danger of any scandal ever emerging . ”
The pedophile priest — the now - defrocked Monsignor Bernard Prince — was convicted in 2008 of sexually molesting 13 young boys between 1964 and 1984 .
Most of the incidents occurred in the Pembroke area of eastern Ontario .
Prince is now serving a four - year prison sentence in Canada .
He was promoted to a top Vatican job overseeing missionary groups in 1991 — a year after allegations that he abused a boy were brought to the Diocese ’s attention .
In his letter two years later to the papal nuncio in Ottawa — the Vatican ’s ambassador —
Windle wrote that another four children had complained of sexual abuse by Prince .
Yet , Windle told the Vatican ’s ambassador that he agreed with Prince ’s move to Rome because “ it would remove him from the Canadian scene . ”
Windle noted he also told Vatican Archbishop Jose Sanchez , now a cardinal , about the sex abuse allegations before Prince got the Rome posting .
A “ redeeming factor , ” Windle wrote , is that the family of one victim is of Polish background , “ and their respect for the priesthood and the Church has made them refrain from making these allegations public or laying a criminal charge against a priest .
“ Had this happened elsewhere , there would be every danger that charges would have been laid long ago with all the resultant scandal , ” Windle added .
A year before the letter was written , the Canadian Conference of Catholic Bishops issued a report insisting that allegations of child sex abuse be reported to police .
Yet Windle names a handful of Canadian bishops in his letter who knew about the allegations against Prince and apparently did not do so .
Prince retired from his Vatican job , head of the Pontifical Society for the Propagation of the Faith , in 2004 — 13 years after church and Vatican officials were told of sex abuse allegations .
He was arrested in 2006 , after victims went directly to police .
Pope Benedict XVI , when he enforced church doctrine as Cardinal Ratzinger , helped set the tone when he resisted calls to defrock a pedophile priests in California , insisting he had to consider “ the good of the universal church . ”
A leading canon law expert said the church ’s worry about the scandal sex abuse allegations will cause — which often leads to their cover up — reflects a deeply rooted legal principle that governs the church .
“ The principal of scandal is very important in penal canon law , ” said Marco Ventura , a professor of religious law at the University of Siena , referring to the Vatican ’s legal code .
“ Preventing scandals from taking place is crucial from all points of view .
The bishop is in charge of determining how to fight against scandals which could affect the good image of the church , ” he added in an interview .
Ventura describes canon law as a murky penal code that leaves punishment to the discretion of church authorities .
It places all power in the hands of bishops on matters in their diocese .
When crimes occur , church law requires that bishops weigh the impact of scandal before acting , Ventura said .
In one canon law section alone —
The Application of Penalties — the word scandal is used five times .
“ The bishop could say , ‘ In the name of scandal I act against this criminal or , in the name of scandal I do not , ’ ” he said .
It comes down to which will better protect parishioners and the good image of the church , says Ventura , an editorial committee member of the Ecclesiastical Law Journal , and the author of two books on canon law .
The bishop might decide that laying charges against a pedophile priest could help the church by showing the community it takes such matters seriously .
Or , he could decide that a cover up would spare parishioners emotional turmoil and prevent competing churches from using the crimes to lure Catholics away from the fold .
Scores of examples in Ireland , Germany , the United States and Canada — to name only a few countries — indicate bishops often decided the latter was more appropriate .
“ According to the logic of the [ canon law ] system , a bishop should be judged not according to the pressing needs of society or the interests of the victim , but he should be judged on the basis of how he protected the community of believers he is in charge of , ” Ventura said , explaining a legal system he believes should be reformed .
In 2001 , Cardinal Ratzinger wrote a directive stating that all bishops should send allegations of sex abuse to his office .
But Ventura argued the final decision remains in the hands of bishops .
He said the pope should have the “ courage ” to plainly explain to Catholics the legal system that governs the church they uphold .
Or , he should change canon law to reflect “ a different understanding of scandal ” and to limit the power of bishops .
“ But limiting the power of bishops would be a historical revolution , ” he said , suggesting that wo n’t be happening any time soon .
Image caption South West Trains says only 8 % of its services have been redesignated
Some of the UK 's biggest train operators are being accused of " astronomical " fare rises , as a result of extending peak - time hours .
The rail watchdog Passenger Focus says that some fares have nearly quadrupled since last year .
Train companies say that the number of people affected by such rises is " tiny " .
Since January , over 180 trains a week have been rescheduled as " peak - time " , a BBC survey found .
By redesignating trains as " peak " , this allows train companies to increase fares without needing permission from the regulator .
Edward Welsh , of the Association of Train Operating Companies ( Atoc ) , says the vast majority of travellers have seen fares fall , stay the same or rise below the rate of inflation .
" The average increase in fares this January was 1.1 % .
That 's the lowest since privatisation 15 years ago , " he says .
One train affected by the rises is the 0950 Virgin Trains service from Birmingham to London .
Last year this train was off peak .
But after Virgin decided to extend ticket restrictions for more than an hour a day , it is now peak .
Image caption Commuter Antony Ray has seen his ticket price more than triple
On board , we found businessman Antony Ray , who has no choice but to use this particular service .
As a result of the changes , his fare from Telford to London has more than tripled from £ 45 to £ 158 for a return journey .
" It 's crazy , " he says .
" You basically can't get down to London and get back in time for meetings .
The car 's much cheaper . "
Last year , taking the 0915 from London Euston to Manchester , returning at 0855 the next day , would have cost £ 66 .
Now that Virgin has extended its peak hours , the same ticket costs £ 262 .
Anthony Smith , of Passenger Focus , says such rises are astronomical .
" Tinkering with ticket restrictions causes confusion .
And if your journey has gone up by four times , you 're going to feel you 've been done , " he says .
The changes
Our survey found that South West Trains , which runs commuter routes out of London Waterloo , has redesignated 114 trains , including all services between 1600 and 1900 .
However , the company points out that even though super off - peak tickets are no longer valid on these services , off - peak tickets are still accepted .
Image caption Virgin says passengers can save money by buying in advance
Virgin has redesignated 75 trains a week as peak , as a result of extending peak hours by 35 minutes in the morning , and 28 minutes in the afternoon .
To get an off - peak service into London , passengers need to arrive in the capital after 1130 .
The first Virgin off - peak service from Rugby is listed for 1124 , meaning you would not arrive in London until after midday .
However , on the East Coast mainline , which was taken over by the government last year , five trains a week have been reassigned the other way , from peak to off - peak .
Online savings
Both Virgin and South West Trains point out that the number of people affected by such rises is relatively small .
Virgin told the BBC that 3.4 % of their services have been redesignated .
The figure for South West Trains is 8 % .
Virgin also pointed out that passengers can make considerable savings by buying their tickets in advance , and online .
An Atoc spokesman said : " Picking out fares that will only be paid by a very small proportion of customers , gives an incredibly partial impression of ticket prices .
" This year , thanks to the lowest fare rises since privatisation , the vast majority of people have seen fares fall , stay the same or rise below the rate of inflation . "
Atoc also adds the train fares affected by peak - time hours being extended is a very small minority - under one per cent - of millions of journeys made daily on the railway network .
The changes in peak services are complex for passengers to understand .
It is all too easy to get on a train with the wrong ticket , or to pay more than necessary .
Customers can hold the wrong tickets and potentially travel at the wrong time Matt Bath , Which ?
So can they expect to get clear advice from railway staff ?
Not according to the consumer magazine , Which ?
In a survey last year , Which ?
found that one in three station staff gave out incorrect advice , and nearly half of National Rail Enquiries staff passed on the wrong information .
" That leads to customer confusion , " says Matt Bath from the magazine .
" Customers can hold the wrong tickets and potentially travel at the wrong time . "
But Atoc disputes the findings of the Which ? survey .
It claims that independent research has found that 99 % of the advice being given out is accurate .
Passenger Focus says the truth lies somewhere in the middle .
Changing the rules ?
Train operators are doing nothing wrong by redesignating trains as peak - time services .
And it does have one major advantage for them .
At the moment only off - peak fares are controlled by the regulator .
So lengthening peak hours gives operators much more freedom to increase prices at will .
But given some rather more urgent priorities for the new UK government , there is unlikely to be immediate pressure to change the current rules - even though extending peak times means the operators will find it hard to duck the accusation that it is a very easy way to put up fares .
( CNN ) -- Mexican authorities found 55 bodies inside a mine ventilation shaft that was used as a mass grave in the city of Taxco , officials said Monday .
Bodies were first discovered in the mine shaft a week ago , and Monday 's announcement concluded the weeklong recovery effort .
Of the 55 bodies , three were mummified , and two were skeletal remains , the Guerrero state attorney general 's office said .
Only four of the bodies have been identified .
Among them is David Bravo Mota , who was an area prison warden , officials said .
State Attorney General Albertico Guinto Sierra said he was asking families with missing loved ones to come to his office to begin a process of genetic testing to help identify the remaining bodies .
Meanwhile , authorities said they would explore the mine 's 10 other ventilation shafts to see whether any more bodies were discarded there .
Some of the bodies were found with their hands bound or blindfolded , authorities said , creating speculation that the mass grave was related to the work of a drug cartel .
But a spokeswoman at the attorney general 's office said the suspects and motive were under investigation .
Also Monday , authorities in the southern Mexican state of Quintana Roo found inside a cavern six bodies that had signs of torture and mutilation .
The bodies of four men and two women were found just outside of the resort city of Cancun , the Quintana Roo state attorney general 's office said .
Three of the bodies were marked with the letter Z , and had holes in their chest over their hearts .
An autopsy would confirm whether or not the hearts were removed , the agency said .
One of the six was identified as Isaias Valenzuela Ruiz , who was the head of security at Playa del Carmen and had been reported as missing five days ago .
CNN 's Mariano Castillo and Rey Rodriguez contributed to this report .
The American Bankers Association released a statement on Wednesday that said the accounting change would present “ significant problems , not only for banks , but also the general economy .
If implemented , the proposal would greatly undermine the availability of credit by making it difficult to make many long - term loans , the value of which , even if performing perfectly , would likely be reduced on the day a loan is made . ”
Image Robert H. Herz , the chairman of the Financial Accounting Standards Board , said fair asset value had to be reflected .
Credit ... Mike Theilier / Reuters
But officials with the accounting board say the changes would bolster investor confidence by requiring the banks to more quickly recognize their losses .
Investors complained to the group that the old set of rules did not “ faithfully represent the underlying economics , ” said Robert H. Herz , the chairman of the accounting board .
“ The financial crisis reinforced the need for better accounting in this area . ”
The proposed changes now enter a comment period that will last until the end of September .
The board plans to hold a round a hearings on them in the fall .
It will then make final revisions , which will take into account a similar set of rules being proposed by the International Accounting Standards Board .
The proposal is the latest in a series of efforts to tighten up banking regulation and improve financial transparency in the wake of the crisis .
Congress is weeks away from passing a sweeping overhaul of financial regulation , affecting products as varied as derivatives and debit cards .
Federal regulators , meanwhile , are adopting a more aggressive posture after being criticized sharply by lawmakers for failing to prevent the crisis through enforcement .
The Financial Accounting Standards Board has been attacked by Congress , too .
Last March , members of the House Financial Services Committee pressed the group to relax its rules in order to loosen credit and make loans more widely available .
When the board did so , critics said it had caved to pressure from politicians and banks , which could suddenly paint a rosier picture of their financial condition .
NEW YORK ( MarketWatch ) - The U.S. Coast Guard said Saturday it gave BP 48 hours to come up with a way to hasten plans to increase its oil - capturing capacity at the Deepwater Horizon spill , after BP said it could take up to a month to bring in additional equipment .
A June 11 letter from Adm. James Watson to BP PLC BP , - 1.18 % told BP that " every effort must be made to speed of the process " of capturing more oil , as crude continues to gush out of the sides of and from vents on a containment cap placed on the well two weeks ago .
" BP must identify in the next 48 hours additional leak containment capacity that could be operationalized and expedited to avoid the continued discharge of oil ... with expanded redundancy , " Watson wrote in his letter , which the Coast Guard released on Saturday .
BP said Saturday that it continues to collect crude at a rate of 15,000 barrels a day from its gusher in the Gulf of Mexico , as the worst oil spill in U.S. history moves into its seventh week .
BP still plans to deploy a drilling rig next week to help handle the flow of oil , bringing its siphoning capacity to 28,000 barrels a day .
But BP 's plan to bring in additional equipment and increase the collection capacity to 50,000 barrels a day would take about a month , officials said this week .
That timeline was unsatisfactory to the Coast Guard , given the government 's higher spill estimate of up to 40,000 barrels a day , before BP cut the riser pipe coming from the well and increased the flow in order to fit the current containment cap on it .
A team of scientists and government officials plans to come out with revised estimates of the amount of oil leaking currently from the containment cap , in coming days .
Results from each of the scientific studies will help establish as accurately as possible the volume of oil released by the well .
Their findings will likely play a key role in establishing liability .
Meanwhile , efforts continue to drill a relief well to relieve pressure on the uncontrolled gusher , which began April 20 after the Deepwater Horizon rig exploded and killed 11 workers .
The relief well is expected to be completed in August .
BP said Saturday it 's collected approximately 104,300 barrels of oil since the containment system was put into place several days ago .
Pressure built around BP this week from Wall Street and the White House , as the company 's stock price fell to 16 - year lows , and recovered later in the week . .
BP 's hefty $ 10 billion annual dividend came into focus , as well as its ability to handle the mounting clean - up costs of the Gulf of Mexico .
See : BP nearing dividend cut .
The public , bombarded with images of BP 's leaking oil cap on 24 - hour news channels , has been angered into growing talk of a boycott of U.S. service stations carrying the company 's brand .
On a Facebook page dedicated to boycotting BP , nearly 600,000 people have clicked on the " like it " feature on the Web site .
Less known , perhaps , is the fact that BP set plans in 2007 to sell all of its 700 company - owned and company - operated convenience stores .
In addition , about 13,000 BP gas stations around the country were already owned by independent businesses .
BP sells gasoline to those stations as well as a variety of other retailers .
At a press briefing on Friday , Allen said Secretaries Ken Salazar of the Interior Department and Steven Chu of the Energy Department are reviewing BP new containment plan .
The plan includes the placement of a new cap over the leak and building a new riser pipe from the spill to float 300 feet below the surface of the water .
The new riser pipe will allow more flexibility for detachment in the event of a hurricane .
Today W3C published a new standard for building rule systems on the Web .
Declarative rules allow integration and transformation of data from multiple sources in a distributed , transparent and scalable manner .
The new standard , called Rule Interchange Format ( RIF ) , was developed with participation from the Business Rules , Logic Programming , and Semantic Web communities to provide interoperability and portability between many different systems using declarative technologies .
For more information , see the RIF FAQ .
The six new standards are :
Along with these standards , W3C today published five related documents : RIF Overview , RIF Test Cases , OWL 2 RL in RIF , RIF Combination with XML data , and RIF In RDF .
The RIF Working Group is also preparing a primer and a revision of its outdated Use Cases and Requirements .
Image caption
All the victims were involved in an operation to defuse the bomb
Three people have been killed and six injured trying to defuse a World War II bomb in central Germany .
Workers building a sports stadium had earlier unearthed the bomb in the town of Goettingen .
It was not immediately clear why the bomb , reportedly weighing 500kg ( 1,100 lb ) , had detonated .
Unexploded WWII bombs dropped by Allied planes are frequently found in Germany , though it is unusual for them to explode unexpectedly .
A special commission is investigating the causes of the explosion , while prosecutors are considering whether the team leader should face charges of manslaughter through culpable negligence , the BBC's Oana Lungescu reports from Berlin .
The blast happened an hour before the defusing operation was due to start .
Officials said the three men who died were experienced sappers , or combat engineers , who over 20 years had defused up to 700 bombs .
More than 7,000 people were immediately evacuated when the 500kg bomb was found .
Several schools , a kindergarten and local companies remain closed .
Last week , another device was successfully defused close to the site .
In Berlin , four bombs have been found in the past two months , including one near the capital 's main airport .
9 Years of Sleep
For the last ten years or so , I used to turn on my PC when I came home from school or work and shut it down again right before I went to bed .
So most of the time when my PC is running , I 'm awake .
I 've also been idling in IRC for as long as I had Internet – when my PC is running , so is my IRC client .
I still have all my IRC logs since 2001 lying on my HDD .
The log format of mIRC changed slightly over the years , but it 's all easily parsable with some basic Regexp .
I quickly wrote a PHP script that extracts the Session Start and Sessions Close markers and timestamps from these logs and transfers them into an image .
As you can see , I tend to stay up late .
I also tend to go into a free - running sleep mode when I do n't have to get up early every morning .
At May 2004 , after my A - Level exams and before my apprenticeship started , I “ rotated ” my sleep cycle three times .
This has been even more extreme for the last two years , where we only had few lectures in university but instead worked on a lot of projects .
I should really get one of these daylight lamps .
There 's so much more interesting information hidden in these IRC logs .
Maybe I can bring myself to parse and import all of them into a database , so I can run some simple queries on them .
Maybe I can even find my pre-2001 IRC logs on some backup CDs .
The words " updated yearly " are scary for diehard fans of any series to hear .
Yearly updates translate into less development time on the features that blow everyone 's mind and more time spent applying incremental improvements across several smaller , less substantive areas of the game .
Skate 3 has fallen victim to the symptoms of a yearly update with small improvements that are devoid of any one feature for the game to hang its hat on .
For newbies to the series , I 'd say this is the one to purchase , because there 's a ton of cool skateboarding to be had , but if you took the plunge on the first two Skates , you might want to wait for the next iteration .
<a+href=
Teaming+up+is+cool+online .
Of course , these teammates only come into play about half of the time ( though it depends how you want to play ) .
Most of the time you 're completing challenges like Own The Spot ( or Lot ) , Deathraces , Hall of Meat ( you can now turn Hall of Meat mode on which assigns a score to every bail you make ) , and other solo affairs .
Thankfully Black Box ( the developers ) included plenty of challenges to go around , so there are enough team activities to keep most happy .
My favorites are the team contests that pit your squad against another in multiple rounds of skateboarding , each with a different rule set .
Sometimes you 'll have to pull off the longest jump , others are as simple as attaining the highest score as a team .
It 's a bit of a shame that unique team activities ( something separate from the usual challenge types ) were n't crafted to really leverage the fact that you have friendly skateboarders with you for the first time in the series .
Sadly Skate 3's team dynamics do n't extend much further than simply giving you a few buddies building your score for you .
Thankfully the team mechanic pays dividends online more so than off .
Just about every challenge in the game can be played online .
Black
Box wisely made the career progression persistent whether playing online or off , so there 's no reason why you should n't hop into a challenge when a buddy invites you to do so .
There are some cool aspects to playing online , especially when you have a couple of buddies talking smack in your ear about how their 1UP score just kicked your score 's ass .
So while there are certainly some cool aspects of team play , it feels like a feature that would 've taken a backseat in a game with more development time .
Either that , or expanded upon to make a Skate MMO of sorts .
Note : I was never able to test Skate 3's online abilities on retail servers , so we can't speak to the game 's ability to give a lag - free gameplay experience when on Xbox Live or PlayStation Network .
Another new construct in Skate 3 is a social network of sorts that allows players to view what 's called " skate. feed . "
The feed shows your friends ' activity when it comes to posting clips , graphics for use on their boards and sharing other content .
But why keep all of these cool little trinkets confined to the world of Skate ?
I feel like EA could have really leveraged this social infrastructure if they had ported it over to Facebook or another social network medium .
The ability to upload my clip of gapping that treacherous rusty pipe would 've carried much more weight if all of my 2,000 +
Facebook friends could have seen it .
The new park creator does a nice job of expanding on the line creation aspects of Skate 2 , but really does n't advance the methodology used to create things in - game .
For example : I 'd much rather create tracks in ModNation Racers ( developed ironically by ex-Black Box employees ) than create parks in Skate 3 .
The process is still a little tricky at times in Skate , though it is improved from last year 's game .
Still , I would have enjoyed spending hours crafting a park much more if there was a mechanic designed to share it with the entire Internet , rather than simply passing it around to my friends within Skate 3 .
The park creator is undoubtedly cool for those who enjoy making their own skateboarding playground , but there are definite frustrations that hold it back .
Today feels like a great day to revisit this classic post from Stian Søiland .
The good news is that , since originally posting this way back in July of ' 04 , I have only seen one or two other variations of this driver - less SQL sent in ...
When asked to fix an application here at the university that lets students create their own mailinglists , I stumbled over this python script that tries to synchronize database entries with Mailman .
In addition to exploring how to create ugly code with Python , the author has discovered a way to avoid compiling a MySQL driver for Python - by using the " mysql " shell tool and parsing the output by splitting it by whitespace .
( This will of course fail if anything resembling a space is present in the database )
Also notice the creation of mysql_cmds.txt for stuff to be executed by the SQL server .
CMA data shows Illinois and California are in the top ten list of sovereign default risks , with Illinois leapfrogging California in terms of increasing risk .
Please consider CMA Market Data as of Wednesday , 23 June 2010 .
Sovereign Default Risks
Illinois is ranked a better risk than Iraq , but riskier than Portugal and California .
The countries ( or states ) are ranked by their cumulative probability of default ( CPD ) , which gives the market 's assessment of an issuer 's likelihood of default over the life of a CDS contract .
9,111 retired California government workers receive pensions in excess of $ 100,000
Here is the CalPERS Top Ten list
Bruce Malkenhorst is the top recipient making over half - a- million dollars a year in pension benefits .
Is that insane or what ?
Please click on previous link to search the entire CalPERS list .
3,090 retired California teachers and administrators receive pensions in excess of $ 100,000
Here is the CalSTRS Top 10 List
Please click on previous link to search the entire CalSTRS list .
Ironman Competitor Deemed " Permanently and Totally Incapacitated " Collects huge pension benefits .
Dave Orlowski , 54 years young , is fit enough for multiple " Ironman Competitions " but amazingly collects $ 53,063 disability benefits a year plus full health benefits because the Milwaukee police union deems him " permanently and totally incapacitated for duty . "
Please consider
Fit enough for Ironman but not for the MPD
Dave Orlowski can swim 2.4 miles .
He can bike 112 miles .
He can run 26.2 miles .
In fact , the 54 - year - old athlete can do all of these one right after the other - several times a year .
He completed six Ironman triathlons last year , has done three so far this year and hopes to compete in yet another one in Klagenfurt , Austria , on July 4 .
Orlowski can also play a round of golf , as he did recently at a fund - raiser for the Make - A - Wish Foundation of Wisconsin .
But this is something the guy wo n't do :
He wo n't work for the Milwaukee Police Department .
That 's because the former homicide detective has been declared " permanently and totally incapacitated for duty . "
As an injured ex-cop , Orlowski has been paid nearly $ 500,000 in tax - free pension checks by the city since 1999 .
He is currently receiving $ 53,063 a year from the city Employees ' Retirement System , plus full health benefits .
Pension Fraud
Defending the Indefensible
Taxpayers Have Had Enough
Chris Christie , a Beacon of Light
Nearly 30 years later there still is no certainty that a flash detected by the sensors of an American satellite indeed signaled a nuclear test that , according to foreign publications , involved Israel .
In September 1979 , a United States intelligence nuclear detonation detection source , a Vela type satellite , which covered the Indian Ocean , detected a flash several hundred kilometers off South Africa 's coast .
In 1963 , the United States , the Soviet Union and Britain had signed an agreement that partially banned nuclear tests - at sea , in the atmosphere and in space ( though not above ground and underground ) .
Since 1996 , there has been a comprehensive treaty that bans nuclear tests at sea , in the air , in space and on the ground , to which Israel is a signatory .
The Vela type satellites were equipped with sensors to detect flashes of light and radioactive radiation characteristic of nuclear explosions .
The flash of a nuclear explosion is very short and is picked up on two spectrums , those of regular light and gamma ray radiation , with a time span between one and the other .
The assessment that the satellite had indeed detected a nuclear test was further backed by the fact that several days after that flash , a seismic monitoring station in the Philippines recorded maritime shocks .
Most of the experts in the American intelligence community ( and others outside ) thought at that time the signals detected by the satellite had pointed to a nuclear test .
However , there was also a possibility of a " false alarm " due to a fault in the satellite 's detection system .
To ascertain the facts , a secret committee was set up under then U.S. president Jimmy Carter .
The committee , headed by Prof. Jack Ruina of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , failed to reach a decisive conclusion .
Most of the committee 's members assumed that South African navy vessels had sailed out of Simonstown port , near Cape Town , to a secret location in the Indian Ocean , where they conducted the nuclear test .
The committee defined the nuclear facility tested as compact and , in an impressive way , especially clean , emitting little radioactive fallout .
That is why it was so difficult to pinpoint the test .
Another assessment concluded a cannon had fired a nuclear shell .
In other words , the test focused on a tactical nuclear weapon .
The experts believed the test was carried out at sea because there was no better alternative .
Some two years earlier a Soviet spy satellite , Cosmos , detected underground tunnels at the South African Vastrap nuclear test site in the Kalahari Desert .
That indicated preparations for a nuclear test or a series of tests .
The Soviets relayed the information to the Carter administration , which applied heavy pressure on the government of John Vorster to stop work at the site .
Most of the examination team assumed there had been a joint Israeli - South African test .
Another intelligence assessment said it was solely an Israeli test .
A third assessment , published at the time , said that even if it was not a joint test , scientists of the Israel Atomic Energy Commission and of the nuclear reactor in Dimona , had been aboard one of the escort ships during the test and examined the results .
On February 20 , 1980 , the CBS TV network broadcast an item about the test , saying the two states had carried it out and reported the American administration was looking into it .
South Africa began developing its nuclear program in 1949 .
To do so , it used know - how , equipment , technology and reactors used for research and for power that it bought from the United States , Britain , France and Germany .
However , in 1976 , the Western countries halted their nuclear ties with South Africa after discovering the Apartheid regime had begun to develop a military nuclear power under the guise of a peace program .
According to foreign reports , that is when the nuclear cooperation between the Apartheid regime and Israel intensified .
According to those reports , there were exchanges of information and reciprocal visits by the two states ' atomic energy commissions .
It was reported , inter alia , that Prof. Ernst David Bergman , who headed the Israel Atomic Energy Commission , visited South Africa along with another senior official , Shalheveth Freier , and the two had been the guests of the atomic energy commission there .
Other reports said that as early as the 1960s Israel bought natural uranium from South Africa and later provided it with tritium , a radioactive isotope of hydrogen that is essential to amplify the power of a nuclear bomb and to produce a hydrogen bomb .
Israel and South Africa vigorously rejected the reports of nuclear cooperation between them and in particular denied a joint nuclear test .
Similar denials were made some 13 years later , in March 1993 .
Then , for the first time , Frederik Willem de Klerk , who was the state 's president who dismantled the Apartheid regime , acknowledged that South Africa had developed a nuclear weapon .
Some time before , de Klerk 's government reported the history of its nuclear development to the International Atomic Energy Agency in Vienna and opened its nuclear program and facilities to the agency 's inspectors .
In September 1993 , the agency published a document summarizing the main points in the stages of South Africa 's nuclear development .
While the document is not complete , it is considered the best such information available .
It states that between 1981 and 1989 , South Africa 's nuclear scientists made six nuclear weapons .
The seventh was in the final stages of production .
In 1990 , after it was decided to transfer the regime to the black majority , the government closed its enriched uranium plant , destroyed the seven nuclear weapons and placed all the excess material and nuclear waste under the IAEA 's supervision .
Unlike Israel , South Africa became a signatory to the Non-Proliferation Treaty in 1991 and accepted the International Atomic Energy Agency 's supervision .
The nuclear weapons that South Africa developed were of the " gun type . "
It is very outdated technology , said the South Africans in a statement .
The more advanced bombs that the nuclear powers have are of the " implosion type . "
According to the press abroad , Israel had warheads commensurate with the most advanced technology in the world .
The implosion - type bomb can be launched from a missile or a cannon .
A gun -type nuclear weapon is launched from an aircraft only .
The South African gun -type bomb weighed about a ton .
It was 1.8 meters long , and its diameter was some 650 millimeters .
The power of such a bomb was equivalent to the one dropped on Hiroshima .
The South African announcement and similar statements that de Klerk had made noted that South Africa developed nuclear devices without the help of any foreign state .
It also said South Africa " never carried out a nuclear test , not in the atmosphere nor underground .
Nor was South Africa involved in any other country 's nuclear test . "
However , in 1997 , Aziz Pahad , the deputy minister of foreign affairs in Nelson Mandela 's government , confirmed to me that the 1979 flash was " definitely a nuclear test . "
He confirmed , moreover , that " the nuclear issue was secret , and that many documents were destroyed although not all of them .
There are many reports of relations between the two states ' scientists and cooperation regarding very specific equipment . "
Gen . Constand Viljoen , an Afrikaner pillar of the Apartheid regime who commanded South Africa 's ground forces from 1976 to 1980 and then was chief of general staff for five years , said : " We wanted to get nuclear know - how from anywhere we could and from Israel , too . "
Viljoen said : " That is what was decided , and that is how we acted . "
Viljoen , who visited Israel and conferred with senior officers , said he had opposed his country 's nuclear program as a waste of money and resources .
" Instead of the billions we spent on nuclear weapons , " he said , " we could have bought tanks and needed military equipment .
Ambitious politicians and the heads of the Armscor arms corporation [ where the nuclear weapons were developed - Y.M. ] pushed for the program .
As a good soldier I was compelled to obey them . "
Viljoen evaded a question about the 1979 test .
Israel never acknowledged it has nuclear weapons .
That is why it cannot admit it carried out a test , that it took part in another country 's test or that it helped carry it out .
However , various publications and American documents indicate that in 1969 , then prime minister Golda Meir reached a secret understanding with the then U.S. president Richard Nixon :
The United States agreed to cease its weak supervision over the nuclear rector in Dimona , which has been going on since 1961 , and in exchange Israel undertook not to carry out a nuclear test .
Since 1945 , members of the nuclear club have carried out more than 2,000 nuclear tests .
Of those , 150 have been defined as tests " for peaceful purposes . "
The United States leads the list with 1,032 tests ; followed by the Soviet Union with 715 tests ; France , 210 ; and Britain and China with 45 tests each .
India carried out three tests ( one of them , in 1974 , for " peaceful purposes " ) .
In the last three years North Korea conducted two tests .
Can a state produce an operational nuclear weapon without testing it ?
Yes , say the experts , adding that today , with powerful computers that can accurately simulate nuclear tests , it is definitely possible to avoid an actual test .
Another possibility is that a state that has developed nuclear weapons compensates for the absence of a nuclear test by receiving or otherwise obtaining the results of a test another country has conducted .
If Israeli representatives had been in South Africa in 1979 just as observers , examined the results of the tests or got them , then Israel could argue it has abided by its agreement with the United States and still benefit from extensive information about a nuclear test , avoiding the need to conduct one of its own .
One person was killed and two others injured following a shooting Saturday evening at a gay pride event in San Francisco , authorities said .
Stephen Powell , 19 , died after being shot in the chest during a street party in the city ’s Castro District , said San Francisco police spokesman Samson Chan .
A 19 - year - old woman and 29 - year - old man were also shot , but are expected to survive .
A 19 - year - old man was arrested at the scene and is being held in connection with all three shootings , Chan said .
He declined to release the suspect ’s name .
Chan said there was no immediate indication as to the motive , and that the crime remained under investigation .
The shootings occurred during the “ Pink Saturday ” celebration , a prelude to Sunday ’s Gay Pride parade .
-- Scott Glover
Advertisements
The Gulf Coast Spill : Dick Cheney ’s Katrina
While the Right furiously tries to pin the Gulf Oil Spill on President Obama , the facts tell a different story .
This is the story of rampant deregulation in a never - ending ode to Profit as King , as propagated by the Bush / Cheney administration across all sectors of our economy , which did n’t end with Wall Street or mortgage lending or Enron .
Indeed , the deregulation scandals extend now to off - shore drilling in the form of the missing Valve , a remote shut - off device called an acoustic switch .
Dick Cheney , former CEO of Halliburton ( an oil - services company ) , may have had his hand in the Department of Interior ’s decision not to mandate the valve for off - shore oil rigs .
ValveGate is coming to a theater near you .
Advertisements
“ An official for BP said Tuesday night that a remotely operated underwater vehicle has successfully cut and squared the end of a leaking pipe 5,000 feet beneath the surface in preparation for fitting it with a valve .
Once the valve is in place and closed , the leaks beneath the ocean will be down to two . ”
A remote shut off valve for off - shore rigs is a regulatory requirement in Norway and Brazil , two major oil producing countries , and several other large oil companies find this valve so important that they use the acoustic switch at the cost of $ 500,000 a pop even though it is not mandated .
Reuters explains :
“ A $ 500,000 acoustic trigger may have allowed workers escaping from the burning rig by boat to send a remote signal 5,000 feet below the water ’s surface to close the valve and stop the oil .
Instead , BP ( BP.L ) is using submersible robots , whose tiny metal arms so far have been unable to move the lever that would cut off the flow of crude . ”
The Wall Street Journal reported :
“ The oil well spewing crude into the Gulf of Mexico did n’t have a remote - control shut - off switch used in two other major oil - producing nations as last - resort protection against underwater spills .
The lack of the device , called an acoustic switch , could amplify concerns over the environmental impact of offshore drilling after the explosion and sinking of the Deepwater Horizon rig last week ….. regulators in two major oil - producing countries , Norway and Brazil , in effect require them .
Norway has had acoustic triggers on almost every offshore rig since 1993 .
The U.S. considered requiring a remote - controlled shut - off mechanism several years ago , but drilling companies questioned its cost and effectiveness , according to the agency overseeing offshore drilling .
The agency , the Interior Department ’s Minerals Management Service , says it decided the remote device was n’t needed because rigs had other back - up plans to cut off a well . ”
A report commissioned by the department of Minerals Management Service ( MMS ) in 2003 said that remote acoustic systems were useful when the primary shut - off pipe device has failed and are also useful in depths greater than 10,000 feet .
What changed their minds ?
Environmentalists postulate that Dick Cheney ’s secret Energy Task Force influenced this critical decision not to mandate the acoustic switch .
It ’s also worth noting that The Dept of Interior MMS under the Bush / Cheney administration were busted for doing cocaine and having sex with oil industry executives , a fact that may have um …impacted their objectivity , shall we say ?
As well as their willingness to be persuaded to see things in a manner advantageous to the oil companies ( and by oil companies , I mean Dick Cheney “ Maximization of oil profits is a stated goal of his ( Cheney’s . ” ) .
Environmental lawyer , Mike Papantonio , said on the Ed Schultz Show that Cheney ’s Energy Task Force determined that the shut off valves were a burden on the industry :
While many countries do not require this switch , many oil companies use the switch without being required to do so .
At the cost of $ 500,000 per switch , the fact that several companies use this switch willingly gives weight to the valve efficacy argument and makes the Dept of Interior ’s claim that the switch has not been proven effective suspicious .
Congressman Bill Nelson ( D- FLA ) has initiated an investigation regarding the energy industry ’s lobbying regarding deregulation and the House Oversight and Investigations Reform Committee is also investigating the Interior Department MMS , to determine why they did n’t mandated the shut - off switches .
If it is determined that Dick Cheney ’s secret Energy Task Force worked to fight mandating the remote shut off valve , then this disaster should rightly be determined Cheney ’s “ Katrina ” if it is to be anyone ’s “ Katrina ” , though it ’s distressing that both the media and the Right are obsessed with finding another President to be as incompetent as Bush — both for different reasons ; one to grab eyeballs and one to make a desperate false equivalency in order to justify the scathingly horrific Bush / Cheney administration .
At the very least , the Bush regulators need to explain how they determined that the cost of the valves was not justified , in light of the 6 million dollar a day clean up cost of the Gulf Spill .
Updated : Dick Cheney ’s Deregulation to Blame for “ Obama ’s Katrina ”
There was a moment during last night 's Saturday Night Live when my disdain for Ke$ha morphed into a kind of distanced pity , and that moment , I believe , was the exact moment that Ke$ha herself was questioning her career 's direction :
The moment occurs at about :40 seconds in ; after singing an intro to her hit , " TiK ToK , " Ke$ha readies herself in front of the microphone and dramatically reveals her American flag cape in a way that plays as if she 's expecting a massive response from the audience .
The response she received , however , was absolute silence , and you can tell that she 's thrown off by the quick glance she throws to someone off stage .
It 's a look of fear and annoyance , a look that says " Oh shit " and " I told you so . "
And , perhaps most importantly , it 's a look coming from someone who does n't seem to buy the shit they 're selling .
Advertisement
It is not a look one would see on Lady Gaga 's face , though Gaga , like Ke$ha , also " borrows " heavily from other acts and uses extreme showmanship to cover the fact that a great deal of her music is n't exactly groundbreaking .
That 's not to say that it is n't fun , or it is n't danceable ; the same logic can be applied to most pop stars , including Madonna and Britney , who provide the show that elevates an otherwise lackluster song , but I think it 's fair to state that a great deal of Gaga 's pull is the Gaga experience more than her music : the costumes , the attitude , the art , and the unfailing commitment to her persona .
Ke$ha , meanwhile , is a young pop star in a Gaga world .
Like the also - rans who popped up behind Britney and Christina in the 90s , showing up with blonde hair and Max Martin songs and belly shirts ( see : Mandy Moore , Willa Ford , Jessica Simpson ) , there 's something definitively b- list and controlled about her style : she is being marketed as the bad girl , and I suppose that works on record and in a carefully orchestrated video , but watching Ke$ha ( who is only one year younger than Gaga , by the way ) last night was like watching a terrified high school senior try to get through an art school audition : it was all too easy to separate the performer from the persona her record company clearly expects us to buy .
Ke$ha : singer , who brushes her teeth with Jack and stays out until the police shut her down , would n't have shot a nervous look off stage .
She would have yelled " Fuck all of you , y'all do n't even know " and would have rocked out with the confidence she attempts to pass off in her records .
But Ke$ha , actual human being , reacted the way most of us , I expect , would have reacted , with an " Oh , crap " glance and an attempt to keep going , despite the unenthusiastic audience response .
Advertisement
This , I suppose , is the danger in being a mainstream pop star : for every Taylor Swift or Lady Gaga , you have a Ke$ha , who so clearly wants us to buy an image but does n't quite know how to sell it .
Moreover , Ke$ha 's performances last night speak to the fact that Top 40 pop music is increasingly relying on elaborate costumes and sets to perhaps distract audiences from what are , essentially , really shitty songs .
Of course , none of this is anything new , and in fairness , I suppose I 'd rather see pop stars dressed like robots and astronauts than reverting to the circa 2002 era of writhing around in leather pants and sexyfacing all over the place , but dressing up like you 're heading for an outer space disco does n't necessarily negate the " TiK ToK " persona you 've become famous for .
There is a difference between reinvention and a complete disconnect .
It 's a bit depressing , really , as one gets the sense that Ke$ha is now trapped in a very small box , and does n't quite know how to get out .
Like her early 00s counterpart , Willa Ford , who just wanted to be bad , I suspect Ke$ha will quietly fade from the pop scene .
In some ways , I guess , I can't blame her for trying to switch things up last night .
But there 's nothing sadder than a party girl who clearly hates the scene , but feels like she has to keep acting like she loves it anyway .
There are n't enough special effects in the world to cover that up .
The report said it remained unclear why Zhao Zuohai had pleaded guilty to the murder in the first place but added that there were suspicions police had tortured the confession out of him .
Checks with 50 Apple retail stores found that the iPad 3G remains completely sold out in the U.S. weeks after its release and 7 days ahead of the device 's international launch .
Analyst Gene Munster with Piper Jaffray said his team contacted representatives at 50 Apple retail stores and found that 74 percent of them were sold out of all models of the iPad , with the Wi-Fi model available in 26 percent of stores , and the 3G version sold out .
It 's been the same story for Apple since the iPad 3G first launched on April 30 in the U.S .
To deal with the limited supply , Apple 's stores have begun offering customers the opportunity to be placed on a " Notify Me " waiting list , which will have the store hold an iPad when it arrives for 24 hours .
One Apple store representative told Munster that customers who enlist in the in - store reservation system typically wait 4 to 7 days to receive an iPad .
That 's better than the 7 to 10 day wait found via Apple 's online store .
Munster said constrained supplies suggest there could be an upside to his projection of 1.3 million units sold in the Apple quarter .
But he also cautioned that Apple 's inability to meet demand means that some near - term Wall Street projections are " getting ahead " of what the Cupertino , Calif. , company can actually supply .
" GIven the international iPad launch on 5/28 , and continued strong demand in the U.S. , we expect supply constraints to last through the June quarter , reaching equilibrium in mid-to - late Sept. quarter , " Munster wrote .
The first day of iPad 3G sales was enough to push the device past the 1 million milestone , with Apple reaching that many sales just 28 days after the hardware was introduced .
Apple officials have admitted that they were caught off guard by the strong sales start of the new device .
The Navy says three dogs died and 46 others were in poor health after being neglected by a private security contractor in Chicago that had been hired to train the dogs to detect explosives .
Military handlers discovered the dogs last October at a facility run by Securitas Security Services USA after the Navy terminated its $ 7.5 million contract .
Illinois is investigating the neglect case , which was first reported by The Virginian - Pilot in Norfolk .
Image caption
Even a small amount of beetroot juice can lower blood pressure
The nitrate content of beetroot juice helps lower blood pressure , research has shown .
A study in the US journal Hypertension found that blood pressure was reduced within 24 hours in people who drank beetroot juice or took nitrate tablets .
The higher the blood pressure , the greater the impact of the nitrates .
This research suggests there is hope of using a more " natural " approach to bring down blood pressure .
Nitrates are found in a number of vegetables .
A previous study found that drinking a pint of beetroot juice lowered blood pressure significantly in people with normal blood pressure .
Amrita Ahluwalia , author of the study and professor of vascular pharmacology at Barts and the London School of Medicine and Dentistry said they had now proved why .
The hope is that we could take a dietary approach and advise people to eat vegetables with high nitrate content Amrita Ahluwalia , London School of Medicine
" We showed that beetroot and nitrate capsules are equally effective in lowering blood pressure , indicating that it is the nitrate content of beetroot juice that underlies its potential to reduce blood pressure , " she said .
The research shows that the inorganic nitrate content in beetroot is changed into the gas nitric oxide when eaten .
This gas keeps the blood vessels open and relaxed and keeps blood pressure down .
World problem
Cardiovascular disease kills over 110,000 people in England every year .
More than 25 % of the world 's adult population is hypertensive , and it has been estimated that this figure will increase to 30 % by 2025 .
Eating fruit and vegetables is known to be good for our cardiovascular health .
But researchers say green , leafy vegetables like lettuce and beetroot are best at reducing the risk of strokes and heart attacks because of their high inorganic content , which comes from nitrates in the soil .
" The hope is that we could take a dietary nitrate approach and advise people to eat vegetables with high nitrate content , " said Professor Ahluwalia .
Victoria Taylor , senior dietician at the British Heart Foundation , which funded the study said : " Although beetroot was used in this study it seems that the important thing here is the nitrates .
" More research is now needed to confirm these findings and to identify if the same effect is seen with other vegetables .
" The study seems to add more weight to the fact that we need to eat at least five portions of fruit and vegetables each day , " she said .
The study also found that men and women reacted differently to beetroot juice .
The decrease in blood pressure after taking beetroot juice was much more pronounced in men .
Researchers say this could be because women are better at naturally processing nitrate in their bodies .
All the Snorlax - inspired sketches that iSketch users have doodled up , from the one - timers to the borderline habitual Snorlax lovers !
" Duster " & " Luster " by Tobias
This page brought to you by ZomgPancakes and Snor :)
Make Collage posters online from up to 20 images .
You can upload an unlimited number of images to make your custom poster collage .
Add Text when you make a poster in with choices for fonts and colors .
Its easy to add text in a variety of fonts and colors when you make poster from a photo .
Create a custom Motivational poster from your image .
Add humor or inspire with a motivational template when turning your picture into a poster .
Include a Frame or Foam Board to make a Picture Poster Board .
Only available for a limited size of posters .
I 've always tried to be honest .
I 've written this blog with honesty over the years .
It started as an exercise for a fledgling writer , and now it remains lo ...
2 years ago
When he found himself stuck in a public restroom stall without any toilet paper , Twitter user naika_tei did what any clever man would do :
He posted a Twitter message pleading for help .
It worked .
Advertisement
It took 20 minutes from the time aika_tei first voiced his desperation , but someone apparently really brought him a roll of toilet paper .
[ Japan Trends via Foolish Gadgets ]
Former England manager Steve McClaren is on the verge of winning the Dutch championship with FC Twente .
Should his side top the league it would be a remarkable achievement considering Twente 's lack of history , tough opponents and operation on such a tight budget .
Poor Terry Gilliam .
Just as the director finally seems close to assembling his adaptation of the Miguel Cervantes novel Don Quixote , Warner Bros . and superproducer Joel Silver ( Sherlock Holmes ) have their eye on the story with the intent to fast - track it to blockbuster status .
Pajiba reports that the project is being described as a “ Pirates of the Caribbean - style swashbuckling version of the story . ”
The studio will reportedly jettison the insanity inherent to the lead character , and set would - be knight Don Quixote ’s adventures with faithful squire Sancho Panza amid actual fantasy .
That seems like an odd choice , but I have n’t read the book .
My only real point of reference is the Wishbone episode , which you check out after the jump .
What ’s the story , Wishbone ?
TORONTO -- President Barack Obama said Sunday that there 's " a lot of obsession " about the withdrawal date for U.S. troops from Afghanistan .
He said his focus is on making sure the mission there is successful .
Obama 's show of frustration about when he will end the unpopular war in Afghanistan came in his closing press conference at the G - 20 summit in Toronto , where industrialized countries committed to slash their budget deficits in half by 2013 .
The president said the United States shares that commitment .
At the end of a week in which he dismissed his top commander in Afghanistan , Obama defended his war strategy and said the United States would assist the Afghans " for a long time to come . "
" I do n't have a crystal ball , " the president said when asked about a five - year Afghanistan exit strategy endorsed Saturday by the Group of Eight major industrial democracies .
" I think that right now the debate surrounding Afghanistan is presented as either we get up and leave immediately because there 's no chance at a positive outcome , or we stay basically indefinitely and do quote unquote whatever it takes for as long as it takes . "
Obama 's policy falls somewhere in the middle , thereby pleasing few .
He reiterated that a July 2011 date to begin withdrawing troops does not mean the U.S. will " suddenly turn off the lights and let the door close behind us . "
Under Obama 's policy , the number of U.S. troops in Afghanistan will first climb to 98,000 .
Obama offered a rationale for the nation 's very presence in Afghanistan .
" You 'll often hear , why are we in Afghanistan when the terrorists are in Pakistan ? " Obama said .
He contended America would be less secure if Al Qaeda still could be housed in Afghanistan , and contended there remains " a vital national interest that Afghanistan not be used as a base to launch terrorist attacks . "
In Washington , CIA Director Leon Panetta expressed skepticism about whether insurgent groups in Afghanistan were interested in reconciliation with the U.S. - backed government in Kabul .
" We have seen no evidence that they are truly interested in reconciliation , where they would surrender their arms , where they would denounce Al Qaeda , where they would really try to become part of that society , " Panetta said on ABC's " This Week . "
Obama sounded more positive .
" I think that we have to view these efforts with skepticism , but also openness , " the president said .
Obama also issued a warning to North Korea , saying its alleged sinking of a South Korean warship was " belligerent behavior that is unacceptable " to the international community .
Forty - six South Korean sailors died in the March incident .
" It is absolutely critical for the international community to rally behind " South Korean President Lee Myung - bak , Obama said .
Obama told reporters bluntly that he hoped Chinese President Hu Jintao would recognize that North Korea crossed a line in the warship sinking .
" There 's a difference between restraint and willful blindness to consistent problems , " Obama said , referring to Beijing 's worry that instability in the North could cause major problems across the border in China .
Obama said he wants the U.N. Security Council to produce a " crystal - clear acknowledgment " of the North 's action .
The cooperation of China , a veto - wielding member of the Security Council and North Korea 's major international supporter , is crucial to that goal .
Obama said shying away from the harsh facts about North Korea 's behavior is " a bad habit we need to break . "
He also emphasized the importance of China carrying through on its pledge to introduce more flexibility in how it manages its currency , the yuan .
" A strong and durable recovery also requires countries not having an undue advantage , " he said .
" As I told ( Chinese ) President Hu Jintao yesterday , the United States welcomes China 's decision to allow its currency to appreciate in response to market forces .
We will be watching very closely in the months ahead . "
The G - 20's final summit communique did not mention China 's currency directly , only generally expressing a need for countries to have flexible currency exchange rates .
It did not take China to task for its managed currency policies , which American manufacturers blame for the loss of millions of jobs because they keep the cost of China - made products artificially low .
Asked about the timing for China to increase the yuan 's value , Obama said that as more market forces come to bear , he believed the Chinese currency " is going to go up significantly . "
Obama was asked about the prospects of his Supreme Court nominee Elena Kagan , whose confirmation hearings begin Monday before the Senate Judiciary Committee .
He said his former Senate colleagues " should pay attention to Elena Kagan 's record and her testimony ... and then vote their conscience . "
He called objections to Kagan raised by Republicans " pretty thin gruel . "
From a suspiciously well - informed “ Unicorn “ :
Some facts :
First the Army does n’t actually own enough in the way of museum worthy artifacts to fill a central museum even if one were to be built .
Most of the nation ’s preserved history at arms was accomplished by the far larger militia in whose states that history was and is preserved ( see for examples the Ohio Historical Society or the New York 69th ) .
With the exception of the West Point teaching museum ( on the old Ladycliff campus ) the central Army and its general staff actually have very little in the way of artifacts .
What does exist in the 1/3 of the Army that is active is : a ) mostly WWII or after and that b ) firmly in the hands of fort , camp and station museums that are 501 C3 outfits which have been in existence for years and have become part of the local communities ’ tourism base , as well as touchstones to unit identity ( see for example the Airborne Museum ) .
Over the decades of dreaming of a super army central museum there have been more than a few attempts by the Army general staff to gather “ their ” collection by demanding those “ local ” collections be made available for the to be built central facility .
The reactions were predictable : “ hell no ” is a fair summary of those responses .
What the active Army does have is a large collection of art , mostly bad , all WWII and some after ( including a vast store of really , really bad Nazi art ironically preserved aside Norman Rockwell pieces ) that never sees the light of day .
They are so protective of it that whenever a senior general or civilian asks for some to decorate their offices , it is supplied , but as a very expensive on cardboard fake ( see the portraits of the former Army Secretaries and Chiefs of Staff in the Pentagon – all are on card board fakes – the real “ art ” is in secure storage .
The explanation for this is to prevent any of it being harmed should the Pentagon be attacked again .
In case you were wondering , it is all housed in a high rise and high rent building in downtown DC just off of K Street .
Go figure .
Second , the history of the many aborted sites for this central museum could be a novel in itself .
In spite of a wealth of evidence that large scale museums only thrive ( generating visitor traffic sufficient to cover the huge cost of a big central facility ) when they are near other tourist attractions , making them part of a “ destination experience ” ( see Disneyland ) , the Army has always tried to find out of the way places far from other things .
This is best exemplified by the location of the moment – in the middle of Ft Belvoir , a place where even the local county commissioners say there is so much traffic it is impossible to get to , and there is zero else to do nearby making it a most UNdestination experience for tourists .
The previously aborted sites ( the Mall , the Marriot Twin Bridges etc ) each have their own sad tales ; the current location was selected after the Army declined the opportunity to obtain for ONE DOLLAR the southern half of the Washington Navy Yard ( then empty ) .
Completely build out ready , this huge site had acres of land to build on , to parade , river front access for ducks etc , located adjacent the Navy ’s National Museum , close to two interstate highways , a Metro stop at the front door , the Capital barely 5,000 feet away , etc , etc .
In short , this was a museum location of unbelievable potential .
Instead the Army general staff convinced Louis Caldera and his Chief to trade that site for something at Belvoir ( with John Warner in exchange his support ) for several Stryker brigades that the Army was going to get anyway .
You ca n’t make this stuff up .
Unicorn out
The South Korean company Samsung makes everything from computer chips to cargo ships , and the conglomerate 's annual sales dwarf the GDP figures of many a medium - sized nation .
But despite this international success story , back home there are some concerns that Samsung 's economic clout gives it far too much power in other areas of life .
John Sudworth reports from Seoul .
U.S. billionaire investor George Soros delivers his keynote speech during a Institute of International Finance ( IIF ) conference in Vienna June 10 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Heinz - Peter Bader
BERLIN ( Reuters ) - Germany ’s budget savings policy risks destroying the European project and a collapse of the euro cannot be ruled out , billionaire investor George Soros said in a newspaper interview released on Wednesday .
“ German policy is a danger for Europe , it could destroy the European project , ” he told German weekly Die Zeit .
Soros , who earned $ 1 billion in 1992 by betting against the British pound , added that he “ could not rule out a collapse of the euro . ”
“ If the Germans do n’t change their policy , their exit from the currency union would be helpful for the rest of Europe , ” he said .
Chancellor AngelaMerkel unveiled plans earlier this month for 80 billion euros ( $ 107 billion ) in budget cuts over the next four years -- a package she hopes will bring Germany ’s structural deficit within European Union limits by 2013 .
“ Right now the Germans are dragging their neighbors into deflation , which threatens a long phase of stagnation .
And that leads to nationalism , social unrest and xenophobia .
Democracy itself could be at risk , ” he said .
“ Germany is globally isolated ...
Why do n’t they let their salaries rise ?
That would help other EU states to pick up . ”
Merkel on Monday defended her budget cut plans after U.S. President Barack Obama preached patience in clamping down on public spending .
A German government official said on Tuesday Berlin did not expect to come under pressure at a G20 summit in Toronto this weekend to provide fresh stimulus measures .
Time was , when Greg Thomson went to parties and told people he sold beekeeping supplies in Toronto , he was guaranteed a disheartening laugh .
“ I just got kind of fed up , ” the manager of F.W. Jones & Son Ltd. in Downsview says now .
“ I ’d say , ‘ Yeah , beekeeping , laugh it up ’ . ”
But no more .
Over the past few years , Thomson has seen his business shift from supplying commercial beekeepers outside of Toronto , to increasingly selling to Torontonians keeping a hive or two in their back yards .
Or balcony , or rooftop .
He ’s seen them all .
Even the Canadian Opera Company is getting in on the act , with the unveiling Wednesday of two hives on the roof of its new Four Seasons Centre for the Performing Arts .
Two years ago , the Royal York Hotel began producing its own honey .
Fairmont , which owns the Royal York , has expanded the program to eight hotels around the world , including Vancouver , Washington , Kunshan in China , Mount Kenya in Africa and the Mayan Riviera in Mexico .
But it ’s the jump in home beekeeping — despite restrictive Ontario laws that hives must be 30 metres from the property line — that has caught the attention of local bee enthusiasts .
“ It ’s just staggering , in the last 10 years , the change , ” says Mylee Nolan , a beekeeper with the Toronto Beekeepers Co-operative , which runs the hives at the Royal York .
Nolan , who learned the trade working for commercial beekeepers in her native Manitoba , says the co-op has seen a surge in volunteers who wantto help out and plan to set up their own hives , she says .
One of Thomson ’s customers , Brian Hamlin , keeps hives on the Toronto Islands and near the Leslie Street Spit .
He ’s been making honey for more than 30 years , since his self - described hippie days living in the Ottawa Valley .
“ I was only doing it for friends and family , at first , ” Hamlin says , who now sells honey at the St. Lawrence Market .
Selling honey is n’t a big money maker , he says , but it helps cover costs .
Hamlin is also working with a group of University of Toronto students to set up a few hives on campus this summer .
Urban beekeeping is growing quickly around the world , and is actively encouraged in places such as New York , Chicago and Paris , which has hives at both the Palais Garnier opera house and the Eiffel Tower .
Debbie Field , executive director of Toronto ’s FoodShare community food program , says farms often have only one or two crops , city parks and gardens offer a wide variety of plant life .
“ That diversity can really boost production , ” says Field , whose agency works closely with the co-op , has had hives for the past nine years and provided the bees to the Royal York .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Thomson says a number of factors have boosted beekeeping in urban centres , including Toronto .
News reports over the past few years of a drop in bee populations across North America — and the implications that holds for plants that require bees for pollination — led to a surge in popularity , he says .
“ A lot of people see it as a way to help green the city , ” he says .
The move to local food also helps he says , with more people wanting to know where their food comes from .
“ For people in the city , this is the closest they ’ll ever get to a crop . ”
But there ’s obviously a much sweeter reason to keep bees : the honey .
One hive produces up to 100 pounds of honey in a good year , Thomson says , or about 100 jars at 500 grams each .
And while wet weather the last couple of years has cut yields by up to half , Thomson says hobbyists ’ hives have still produced enough honey for the average household , with plenty left for friends , family and co-workers .
“ People make up labels at home , print them on their laser printers and they ’ve got a very personalized gift , ” he says .
Getting started costs about $ 500 for the hive , the bees and basic equipment .
After that , it ’s cheaper , with only jars , cleaning supplies and medications to buy .
The shift to more backyard beekeeping has meant Thomson needs to stock smaller jars than when he exclusively supplied commercial beekeepers , but he ’s glad to see the shift .
“ Now , when I tell people what I do , they lean in and say , ‘ Tell me more ’ . ”
As with many other things that money and gentrification have scrubbed from the city , the number of these apartments is shrinking .
The roster of rent - controlled apartments , the ones with the most restrictions on rent , has shrunk to 40,000 , according to the State Division of Housing and Community Renewal .
When these units are emptied , they often become rent stabilized , and after a certain point the apartments can be liberated to the free market .
According to the most recent figures available , the number of rent - stabilized units fell to 848,000 in 2008 from 900,000 in 2003 .
And outside of prime neighborhoods , the restricted rents are not such a great bargain , in many cases barely cheaper than what the apartments could fetch on the open market .
Image
The sink is constantly leaking .
Credit ... Robert Caplin for The New York Times
The deteriorating low - priced apartments still exist partly because landlords have little financial incentive to make renovations or apply for rent increases .
Stabilized rents increase by order of the local Rent Guidelines Board , typically around 3 percent a year , while controlled rents can go up only if the landlord files an application for an increase with the state , a laborious process .
And the state will not allow a rent increase if an apartment has major housing code violations .
Sherwin Belkin , a Manhattan lawyer who represents owners and developers , said landlords often say it is not worth the time to apply for increases that could translate into just a few dollars more a month .
While it is less true today , rent - regulated apartments have provided some New Yorkers with very comfortable lives .
Mr. Burke , who grew up in Ireland on a farm outside Galway , moved to New York in 1964 to be close to his brother upstate and his 100 relatives in Massachusetts .
He worked in restaurants and bars and collected decades of tales of celebrity sightings and romances .
He moved into his current apartment in 1977 , when the rent was $ 65 , and filled his closets with handsome clothes .
Image Mr. Burke says he has spent $ 13,500 on repairs and $ 11,000 taking his landlords to court over the conditions .
“ It ’s been hell , ” he said .
“ Now you see , it ’s no bargain . ” Credit ... Robert Caplin for The New York Times
As new owners bought his building and pressed tenants to leave , Mr. Burke held his ground .
He was careful to pay his rent by check or money order , not cash , to have a paper trail .
But an accident in the Catskills in 1995 left Mr. Burke unable to work and with little spare money .
He currently lives on an $ 1,100 monthly disability check .
He finds solace reading historical romance novels about lords and earls by authors like Julia London .
Liturgy and life : ancient , medieval and modern
Here ’s an interesting review of what looks like an interesting article , showing how Eucharistic theology both reflects and shapes the understanding of society .
A Pinch of Salt : Eucharist and Social Imagination : Understanding Cavanaugh :
In Eucharistic Sacrifice and the Social Imagination in Early Modern Europe William Cavanaugh gives an overview of how the reformation debate on the nature of the Eucharistic sacrifice was formed as much politically as theologically .
This fits with a broader theological method that Cavanaugh uses .
Cavanaugh is much influenced by both the Radical Orthodox school and by Mennonite ecclesiology .
So he draws on an orthodox understanding of Christian faith and on the Church fathers and mothers to reflect a radical understanding of Christian faith and worship .
I have n’t read the article itself yet , but post this as a reminder to download and read it , and to comment it to others who might find it interesting .
You can download it here .
The review is worth reading on its own , even without the article .
It notes that the Reformation doctrine of the Eucharist was bound up with modernity and its stress on individualism .
Luther ’s Eucharistic theology is based on
[ the ] logic of the market and exchange value that Cavanaugh focuses in on and identifies as modern : at odds with the medieval worldview .
Helpfully , Cavanaugh describes what he sees as the relevant difference here between a medieval and a modern social system ( accepting that there are blurring of these differences in the historical transition ) .
For the medieval social imagination the primary illustration of society is of a human body .
This body has different parts with different function ; it is organic ; hierarchical divinely ordained ; held together by mutual obligation .
( 591 ) So the medieval mind begins with the social collective and sees how individuals must play their part : the hands must feed the stomach or they will suffer , even if they do n’t see the stomach ’s usefulness accept to eat the fruit of another ’s labour , and so on .
For the modern mind set , however , the point of departure is the abstracted free and private individual .
Social relations between these individuals can be seen as either through a fair exchange of privately secured goods ( the zero - sum ) or through gift .
( 593 )
At this point Cavanaugh ca n’t resist developing the theme of how this notion of the individual helped carry the moral development of the nation state to protect these now atomised individuals – no longer held in mutual , divinely appointed obligation – from killing each other .
But to me , Cavanaugh ’s conclusion seems to look a lot like Orthodoxy .
As the reviewer notes
For Cavanaugh , the patristic theology of anamnesis is key to re-thinking the Eucharist .
Put simply , when the Eucharist is celebrated there is a collapsing of time , or rather the past event of Christ ’s sacrifice is drawn into the present moment of its celebration and the future hope of it ’s fulfilment is drawn forward into the now .
With this theology it is possible to say that as the Priest and people celebrate the Eucharist they take part in God ’s sacrificial act – as they eat of Christ so they become the Body of Christ the very sacrifice they receive .
Cavanaugh draws on the theology of Irenaeus and of Augustine to draw out a socio- theological response .
For Irenaeus there can be “ no distinction between our offering and Christ ’s offering in the Eucharist . ” ( 599 ) We are drawn into the divine life and our offering is made part of God ’s – neither deducting nor adding to it .
That seems pretty close to the Orthodox understanding of the Liturgy , and maybe one way to postmodernity is through Patristics , but perhaps people who are better versed in liturgical theology than I am could read Cavanaugh ’s article and correct me if I am wrong .
On May 13 , ALA president Camila Alire sent a letter to the Texas State Board of Education expressing “ deep concern ”  over proposed changes to the state ’s social studies and history curriculum standards – changes that “ appear to emphasize particular viewpoints while de-emphasizing or deleting competing viewpoints , at the expense of balance and accuracy . ” 
The letter reads , in part :
Because schools and school libraries need to prepare young persons to address the diversity of ideas and experiences they will encounter and to think critically for themselves , students have a right to accurate , balanced , comprehensive , and objective educational materials .
The American Library Association ( ALA ) therefore joins with the Texas Library Association and REFORMA ( The National Association to Promote Library and Information Services to Latinos and the Spanish - speaking ) in urging the Texas State Board of Education to adopt balanced history and social studies curriculum standards that are drafted by educational professionals and scholars and that reflect the diversity of people and ideas in our society .
Among the concerns that Alire cites is the fact that these standards could directly affect curriculum decisions in other states .
Due to Texas ’ size and considerable market share , many textbook publishers create books for national distribution that are based on that state ’s standards .
Details on the Board of Education ’s controversial process can be found in this New York Times article and this overview in the Austin American - Statesman .
The letter incorporated much of the language from a statement developed by ALA ’s Intellectual Freedom Committee .
The full text of the letter can be found here .
An attempt to stage a mass defection from Facebook today has fizzled .
For every Facebook user who pledged to delete their account as part of today ’s Quit Facebook Day campaign , there are more than 15,000 other Facebook members who did n’t , using Facebook ’s recent estimate of 500 million active accounts .
If Facebook signups were to run at their usual pace today — probably not , based on today ’s slow holiday traffic on the Internet — for every user who threatened to quit , there would be four or five new signups .
Facebook averages 150,000 new members per day , the company has claimed .
Quit Facebook
Day signed up only 32,522 pledges , and it ’s not likely that all of them actually quit .
Facebook certainly has a public relations problem over its constant tinkering with privacy - related settings for members ’ personal content .
But several attempts to jump - start a boycott seem to have conspicuously failed .
Who has actually quit ?
I searched Facebook for Internet fameballs who had recently claimed they would delete their accounts .
One problem for these walkaway users is that if they ’re Internet - famous enough to have a “ public figure ” page on Facebook , that page still turns up in a search .
It ’s probably not clear to average users that they ’ve left Facebook .
Peter Rojas , gadget blogger : Gone .
His account is no longer active .
You wo n’t find it in a search of the site .
“ Users should have real control over what is shared , that ’s all , ” Rojas wrote on Twitter .
“ FB keeps taking that away . ”
Leo Laporte , personal technology journalist :
His account is , according to an assistant , an impostor .
Dan Gillmor , journalist who deleted his account over privacy issues in 2009 :
He never really left .
Gillmor deleted his account , but he immediately started another one , being more careful about personal information the second time around .
Jason Calacanis , entrepreneur : Personal account gone .
His public figure page at facebook.com / jasoncalacanis is still live , but has no updates since May 21 when Calacanis wrote , “ I picked a good day to delete my Facebook page . ”
Matt Cutts , Google anti-cheating expert : Personal account gone .
His public figure page is still there , but has no updates since May 14 , when Cutts wrote about the upcoming Google I /O technical conference .
TechCrunch claimed in April that Google engineers were leaving “ in droves . ”
Given the high - level business competition between Google and Facebook , it seemed like a trivial protest compared to , say , Apple ’s company - wide refusal to admit the existence of Adobe Flash .
Besides , exactly how many Google engineers are there in a drove ?
The Googlers have n’t provided a list .
California is a very confusing place .
Medical cannabis is somewhat legal , but that three - foot skull bong sticking out of your convertible can earn you a trip to the slammer .
Existing law makes it a crime to possess , deliver , furnish , or transfer drug paraphernalia , whether it be pipes , bongs , chillums , roach clips , papers — or everything else you can buy on Haight Street , Telegraph Avenue , and elsewhere .
Local Assemblyman
Tom Ammiano wanted to end the charade and make pipes legal with Assembly Bill 1811 , but California reform group NORML reports this week that the Governor 's Office has effectively killed the bill .
This week Schwarzenegger 's office announced its opposition to drug paraphernalia reform bill AB 1811 , meaning that even if it passes , the governor would veto it .
California NORML spokesperson Dale Gieringer said Schwarzenegger 's opposition effectively kills it this session .
A little backstory : A ) Arnold used to love smoking weed with Tommy Chong .
So it 's obviously not a moral thing .
B ) Ammiano publicly told the governor to “ kiss my gay ass ” when the Republican leader crashed a Democratic event last year .
Since then , Ammiano 's effectiveness as a legislator has encountered significant executive roadblocks , like this incident where the governor stymied Ammiano 's legislation and appeared to include an acrostic that read “ I FUCK YOU . ”
That ’s the headline of this piece about the newest entry to the Madden franchise , via an interview the development team did with ESPN .
From the article :
Madden NFL 11 will log every play you call online , building a book on your tendencies that will available , in - game , to any multiplayer opponent .
While the reports can be earned or unlocked , they can also be bought for cash .
. . .
EA Sports ’ Madden team revealed the new scouting reports feature today in an extensive discussion with ESPN ’s Jon Robinson .
Tendencies like your opponent ’s run - to - pass playcalling ratio , the side of the field it ’s run to , the side of the field his defense targets , will be redeemable through a coin system – one coin per scouting report – and coins may be earned for free by playing online games – and completing them .
Coins can also be purchased for cash ( or Microsoft Points ) for those short on funds but needing intel fast .
Finally , every retail copy of Madden 11 comes with access to 50 free scouting reports .
Sounds like a lot , but there are 45 separate tendency reports you can get access to , although you can buy the entire batch for 25 coins pre-game .
But yes , that means you have to pay to see the book on yourself – such as the fact you always go to a slot receiver over the middle on third - down ( raises hand ) and everyone knows it .
There was no mention of how many coins it would take to buy a single report , nor of how much reports would cost in real - world cash or Microsoft points .
They say that sex sells , but when it comes to sales techniques , sex has nothing on fear .
Huge swaths of our economy operate entirely on scaring people into giving up their money .
And the worst part ?
A lot of the time their product is worthless .
6 FreeCreditReport.com
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
The Paranoia :
Quick question :
How many times today has somebody asked you what your credit score is ?
Well , you 're currently on the Internet , so it 's probably somewhere around 400 , usually by ads with sliding bars on them .
We admit , your credit score determines some rather important factors in your life , such as how easily you can get a loan , or buy a house , or if that cute girl in the pop - up ad will go out with you .
She wo n't .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
The Pitch :
According to FreeCreditReport.com , it 's even worse than that : the ads say if you have a bad credit report , you 'll wind up working in a seafood restaurant somehow .
Even if it 's due to " some hacker " stealing your identity .
They 're not the only website offering to give you your credit score , but FreeCreditReport.com is by far the most famous , maybe because of the way they carpet bomb the airwaves with an annoying jingle about how screwed you will be if you do n't visit their website :
Holy shit , your whole career down the toilet , just because you did n't have the basic business skills to know a deal when you see one !
Here 's another one from them saying identity theft can keep you from ever owning a car , here 's another one threatening you 'll wind up working as a waiter if you do n't subscribe to their service .
On top of the fact that they 're using goofy jingles to cover for a ludicrous threat , if you work in the food service industry these ads must royally piss you off .
They threaten people that if they do n't sign up for their service , they 'll wind up like you .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Otherwise , they 're pretty up front about what they do , right ?
Hell , it 's right in the name ?
You head to their website and see your credit score for free .
If it 's good , then awesome ; if it 's bad , then ... well , they 're actually not very clear on what you 're supposed to do then , but at least you know , right ?
And it did n't cost you a dime !
The Problem :
If you go to FreeCreditReport.com expecting a free credit report , you 're in for a rather big surprise .
What you 're actually getting is a free seven - day trial for a credit monitoring service , which they 're more than happy to renew automatically , at a rate of $ 14.95 a month .
Not only that , but they 're only sponsored ( read : operated ) by one of the three credit monitoring bureaus , Experian , so it 's more or less impossible to get any complete credit information from them no matter what you do .
They may have arrived late to the party , but Microsoft are keen to make their presence known , and in an effort to show just how engaged with the web standards community they are , or perhaps more a chance to try and gain one up on the competition , have published a set of results ( on the 5th may ) outlining not only how great IE9 ’s performance in a number of test cases is , but also just how badly the competition compare .
The results , summarised above , show how the IE9 preview performed in a series of test cases for various web standards , including CSS3 and HTML5 .
As you may expect , as the test cases were developed and released by Microsoft , IE9 passed with flying colours scoring 100 % across the range of tests .
Unfortunately a number of blogs / websites have miss - quoted these results , claiming that IE9 , at least according to Microsoft , has 100 % HTML5 and CSS3 compliance , and perhaps , dare I say it , this is exactly the kind of publicity the Microsoft marketing team were hoping for .
Needless to say , these articles have caused a fair amount of controversy , and in some cases backlash against Microsoft , with one particular article ( which has since been edited ) attracting over 100 comments and even
The Inquirer joining the fray , branding the results as “ dodgy . ”
The truth of the matter is that whilst IE9 does score 100 % in each of the test cases shown by the table , these test cases only test a tiny subset of HTML5 / CSS3 features and there are countless other scenarios and test cases where the other browsers out - perform IE9 .
Whilst the way the results are presented may be somewhat misleading , nowhere in the publication of the results do Microsoft actually claim 100 % compliance with CSS3 or HTML5 , and it is not unusual practice for browser vendors to list their results in a manner that show them in a better light than their competitors .
After all , you ’d hardly expect Microsoft to publish a table showing a long list of failures for IE9 .
So , whilst these results may not be quite as exciting as some would have you believe , it is worth noting that this is still a vast turnaround from Microsoft ’s previous position on CSS3 , and web standards in general .
This may only be a small step , compared to those taken by other browser vendors ( namely Opera , Mozilla , Webkit ) , but is a step in the right direction and good news for CSS3 fans that Microsoft is finally taking web standards seriously .
What ’s that on the horizon ?
Is it truly a world of cross - browser CSS3 compatibility ?
Perhaps , but it ’s still a long way off yet , and anything could happen before we get there .
Update :
It appears that this article , or rather my overuse of the word “ whilst ” in the article , has also caused some controversy over on reddit .
A Kenyan woman who blackmailed her uncircumcised husband into becoming her obedient servant with threats to reveal that his penis was intact finally forced him under the knife when he became unruly .
The couple had been happily married for two years , and had two children by their marriage .
However , the husband concealed a dark secret : his penis had somehow escaped the ritual mutilation prescribed , and remained unharmed , a fact he was desperate to keep from common knowledge lest he be forced under the surgeon ’s knife by a less than liberal community .
His secret became known to his wife on the day of their marriage .
She was disgusted and highly upset that he had not been properly cut , and accused him of deception .
Desperate , the husband managed to persuade to keep it quiet , but in exchange she demanded he do whatever he could to please her , including taking her on excursions to Mombasa , shopping , etc .
He would even resort to borrowing money to satisfy her , but when paying for their children ’s school fees became an issue , he could no longer afford to pamper her , and soon became desperately accommodating , anything to avoid the knife .
The stress soon mounted , and he turned to drink , eventually being expelled from church and irritating his wife to the extent that she began to want revenge .
He finally cracked , and indulged in a spot of wife - beating after she failed to cook for their children .
This was the moment she had sought : she called out that her uncircumcised husband was beating her , and soon onlookers gathered ( attracted by the accusation of him not being circumcised , rather than the wife - beating ) .
The man fled and locked himself in their house , but soon a mob formed and broke into his house , dragging him into the street and tearing off his clothes , where his intact penis was confirmed .
The crowd was outraged , and took no notice as the man covered himself and screamed that he really had been circumcised .
They demanded he be circumcised there and then in the street , but community elders decided to be merciful , so instead had his wife and some strong young men drag him to a dispensary .
The wife in her turn soon encountered problems explaining why she had allowed the hideous secret to be kept …
Via Heaven .
Some might be tempted to brush this off as a humourous tale , but give some thought to how the tale might read if the wife was the uncircumcised one being stripped in the street and dragged to the dispensary to have parts of her initmate anatomy removed , as is the custom in parts of Africa …
Take Action Against Secretive Political Prisons
The federal Bureau of Prisons has quietly submitted a proposal to make the secretive , political prisons called Communications Management Units permanent .
As part of that process , there is a required public comment period , where individuals and organizations can register their opposition .
This is a process required by the Administrative Procedures Act , and it should have been followed three years ago when the first secretive facility opened ; knowing that the plans would be met with fierce opposition , as previous proposals had been , the CMUs were opened secretly and illegally .
With multiple lawsuits filed in opposition to the CMUs , and with public exposure increasing , the government is attempting to follow the law in hindsight .
That ’s why it ’s so important to speak up , on record , against these unconstitutional facilities .
A few points to remember , from some of the previous coverage here at GreenIsTheNewRed :
The CMUs violate basic due process rights .
Inmates are transferred to these experimental facilities without notification , and without opportunity for appeal .
Most of the prisoners there do not have histories of communications violations or disciplinary problems of any kind .
All prisoners have the right to know why they are being singled out for harsher punishment , and the right to challenge that designation in court .
Communications Management Units place too much unchecked power in the hands of government officials .
Inmates are transferred to these experimental facilities without notification , and without opportunity for appeal .
Most of the prisoners there do not have histories of communications violations or disciplinary problems of any kind .
All prisoners have the right to know why they are being singled out for harsher punishment , and the right to challenge that designation in court .
Communications Management Units place too much unchecked power in the hands of government officials .
CMUs are cruel and inhumane and violate basic human rights .
The restrictions there meet or exceed those at the most extreme prisons in the country .
â€ œI havenâ€™t been able to hug my husband , or even hold his hand , for two years , â€ said Jenny Synan , the spouse of environmental activist , Daniel McGowan , who is a CMU prisoner .
â€ œThis proposed rule does not explain how prohibiting a husband from holding his wifeâ€™s hand or keeping a father from hugging his daughter , is necessary for prison security .â€ 
The restrictions there meet or exceed those at the most extreme prisons in the country .
â€ œI havenâ€™t been able to hug my husband , or even hold his hand , for two years , â€ said Jenny Synan , the spouse of environmental activist , Daniel McGowan , who is a CMU prisoner .
â€ œThis proposed rule does not explain how prohibiting a husband from holding his wifeâ€™s hand or keeping a father from hugging his daughter , is necessary for prison security .
â€
Political prisons have no place in a democracy .
The Bureau of Prisons proposal makes clear that the CMUs are intended to keep political prisoners with â€œinspirational significanceâ€ from communicating with the communities and social movements of which they are part .
These secretive prisons are for political cases the government would rather have out of the public spotlight .
As we have seen throughout history , singling out prisoners because of their political beliefs sets a dangerous precedent and is antithetical to democratic values .
It ’s easy to submit your comments online through Regulations .
gov .
Submit your comments by June 2nd !
And if you also paste them here , I ’ll select one author at random to win a signed copy of Operation Bite Back !
Bluemoon Interactive , a small codeshop , maps touristiness , based on uploads to Panoramio , a site where people share photos of their favorite places .
Yellow indicates high touristiness , red is medium touristiness , and blue is low touristiness .
Europe is much brighter than the rest of the world .
The coasts of the US has got some brightness , along with Japan and some of the coasts of South America .
The question is are we really seeing levels of tourism , or are we looking at who uses Panoramio ?
I ’m inclined to say the latter , simply because all of Europe is so crazy bright .
[ via Information is Beautiful ]
Durham , northern England , December 2009 .
The largest meeting of particle physicists in the country is underway and James Wells , a leading theorist at Cern , the European nuclear research organisation near Geneva , is beguiling his audience with an idea that has all the makings of the next great revolution in science .
Wells , a tall , softly - spoken 44 - year - old from Tampa Bay , Florida , begins with an uncomfortable home truth .
Particle physicists have a problem , he says .
They are an anthropocentric bunch , too preoccupied with the particles and forces that impinge on humanity .
They have spent so much time unravelling mysteries such as the structure of atoms and why the sun shines that they have neglected other avenues of inquiry .
They need to broaden their horizons , Wells says .
To think beyond the world we see and touch .
If that was the stick , next came the carrot .
Our knowledge of the cosmos tells us that the stuff around us , from plants and people to stars and planets , is made from just a handful of elementary particles .
On top of these , there is a small number of forces that make nature run smoothly , doing things like keeping planets in their orbits and ensuring everyday objects do n't suddenly collapse into a pile of atoms .
But how do we know , asks Wells , that there is n't much more going on than this ?
Our knowledge of nature and how it works is based on observations .
What if we can't see everything ?
What might we be missing out on ?
There could be a " hidden world " out there , Wells says , where particles and forces are busily at work , all around us , but beyond the realm of our senses .
The phrase " hidden world " sounds like a science - fiction cliche , but it simply means that there may be more particles and forces at work in the world – and the cosmos at large – than those we see when we look around .
They are so aloof , so hidden from our daily experience , that they go completely unnoticed .
" It would be strange if we were so special that we could feel and observe everything that is going on out there , " says Wells , who is one of a growing number of physicists working on the hidden worlds idea .
" We are lumps of clay swirling on a little blue marble in an overwhelming vastness of universe .
We have to envision that there is more going on .
There really should be additional particles and forces , " he says .
Six months after his Durham lecture , Wells is back in his office at Cern .
For hundreds of scientists like him , June is turning out to be a hectic month .
One of the most important meetings in the academic calendar , the International Conference on High Energy Physics in Paris , is only weeks away and this year is the first time that physicists at Cern will unveil results from their shiny new machine , the $ 6bn Large Hadron Collider ( LHC ) .
People are furiously writing up papers and cross-checking data .
Heads are down ; blood pressure is up .
While many of his colleagues are busy writing up results from the LHC 's first few months of running , Wells is preparing another lecture , this time on using the LHC to find evidence for a hidden world .
The LHC , it turns out , is perfectly placed to be the first instrument in history that could shed light on whether a hidden world exists .
The LHC is aptly named .
The machine sits in a giant circular tunnel with a five - mile diameter that crosses the French - Swiss border 100 m beneath the Cern campus .
Inside the machine , subatomic particles , protons , are whipped up to within a whisker of the speed of light and slammed together in head - on collisions .
These orchestrated acts of violence recreate conditions that prevailed in the first moments of the big bang .
Physicists have a lengthy shopping list of new phenomena they want the LHC to find , but most prominent is the Higgs boson , an elusive particle dreamt up in the 1960s that is believed to give mass to other particles .
The Higgs boson is a glittering prize in its own right , but to Wells and many other physicists , it has an added appeal .
The Higgs particle should be influenced by what happens in the hidden world .
As such , it could act as a kind of bridge or window into the unknown world .
" The LHC will likely be the first collider in history to be able to see the Higgs boson and so illuminate this bridge , " Wells says .
" We may be on the brink of discovering new worlds by means of it . "
The idea of a hidden world might sound absurd , but physicists have good reason to believe it exists .
Even with today 's most advanced telescopes , astronomers can see only 4 % of what makes up our cosmic neighbourhood .
The rest is invisible to us , revealing itself only by the effects it has on the galaxies we can see .
Around 70 % of the unseen universe is labelled as " dark energy " , a mysterious force that drives the expansion of the universe , making galaxies race away from us .
The remaining quarter is chalked up as " dark matter " , an obscure substance that clings to galaxies and exerts an unmistakable gravitational pull on them .
The word " dark " means we cannot see it , but it also means scientists have n't the faintest clue what it is .
Last week , British scientists reported a new analysis that suggests dark matter and dark energy might not even exist , though other researchers reject the findings .
Charles Bennett at Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore has worked on both .
" We unequivocally stand by our results , " he says .
As the Milky Way spins on its axis , our planet passes through vast stretches of dark matter – if it does exist – without us even noticing .
And though dark matter is part of the hidden world , it is only a part .
" The likely existence of dark matter suggests that there is more stuff out there that we do not know than we do know , " says Wells .
Ask physicists to speculate about a hidden world – and that is half the fun of theoretical physics – and the possibilities of what might be lurking beyond the reach of our senses are endless .
" Once you start considering these ideas actively , there 's no theoretical reason to rule out a very interesting , dynamic and diverse dark or hidden world , " says Neal Weiner , a physicist at New York University .
" It leads to all sorts of conversations about the possibilities of dark people and dark planets .
Now that is extremely unlikely , but it 's something to think about .
Once you open the box , it 's not obvious where it will end . "
What is more likely , according to physicists working in the field , is that the hidden world is filled with a wispy fog of dark matter and puny dark forces that are incapable of forming dark planets and more exotic objects like dark life .
When normal planets form , cosmic matter has to cool down and coalesce into enormous lumps of rock , but it can only do this by losing heat .
As far as we know , dark matter does n't cool down : if it did , we would see the heat if gives off .
It would glow .
Other particles might flit in and out of existence in the hidden world , just as they do in ours .
Of all the particles physicists have found in nature – often in cosmic rays and particle colliders like the LHC – only a tiny fraction are stable enough to form long - lasting objects .
The rest decay immediately , into lighter , more durable particles .
The uncertainty over what exists in the hidden world has done nothing to dampen physicists ' enthusiasm for the idea .
John March - Russell , a theoretical physicist at Oxford University , says proof of a hidden world could become the central plank of a scientific revolution that rivals any in history .
When Copernicus put the sun at the centre of the solar system in the 16th century , and when Charles Darwin described evolution in the 19th century , they both knocked humans down a peg or two .
The discovery of a hidden world would force us to reassess our place once more .
The cosmos as we know it – with all its stars and planets – might turn out to be nothing more than a mediocre microcosm of a far richer and more complicated universe .
" Just as the Copernican revolution told us that the Earth is n't special , the same could be true for everything that we 've so far discovered , " says March - Russell .
" All of this stuff around us , the stuff of our reality , is it the dominant and most complex part of the universe ?
It might not be . "
It 's a view that Weiner shares .
" If evidence for a hidden world started showing up in experiments , you would unleash a huge amount of experimental creativity on the problem .
If we find dark forces it would be a sea-change .
I do n't think it 's hyperbole to say it would be one of the most important discoveries in particle physics . "
Frank Wilczek is a theoretical physicist at Massachusetts Institute of Technology and considered one of the most brilliant minds in physics .
At the age of 21 , he developed a theory about the so - called " strong force " that holds the innards of atoms together .
The work was so groundbreaking he was awarded the Nobel prize in physics for it in 2004 .
Two years after receiving the award , Wilczek and his student at MIT , Brian Patt , coined the phrase " Higgs portal " in a theoretical paper that fleshed out how the Higgs boson could be used to study hidden worlds .
Wilczek forgets how they came by the name , but it means the same thing as the " bridge " Wells described earlier .
" The Higgs particle is special because it is more open to influence from the hidden world , " says Wilczek .
" It might be that the Higgs decays into particles that are invisible , in which case it will look as though it has just disappeared . "
This would not leave physicists as stuck as it might seem .
The LHC would register that some energy – that wrapped up in the Higgs particle - had gone missing .
The vanishing act could be intriguing evidence , at least , that a hidden world is real .
Another possibility is that the Higgs boson collapses into particles from the hidden world , which themselves decay back into real - world particles we are more familiar with .
This would really give scientists at the LHC something to think about .
Their detectors would flash with bursts of particles that seem to come out of nowhere .
The crucial point is that by studying how the Higgs boson behaves in the LHC , physicists should be able to build up a picture of the particles and perhaps even forces at work in the hidden world .
One of the most compelling aspects of the hidden world idea is that it does n't require physicists to tear up all the work they have already done in describing how the universe works .
" Physics has advanced so far that it's not easy to take things on in a way that is consistent with what we already know .
The hidden world idea at least passes that test .
It 's easy to add all of this stuff into our existing theoretical framework , " says Wilczek .
So when is the LHC going to find this thing ?
The short answer is that nobody expects the Higgs boson to be discovered any time soon .
To find it physicists need a collider that has enough energy to make the particle , but how much is enough is not clear .
They then need to find the telltale signature of the Higgs particle among the subatomic detritus spewed out by collisions in the machine , which is a formidable task .
The last major collider at Cern , which shut down in 2000 , came up empty - handed despite a lengthy search for the particle .
Another atom smasher , the Tevatron at Fermilab near Chicago , has been hunting the Higgs particle for a while , but is due to close within a year or so .
Many physicists believe the LHC is guaranteed to find the Higgs boson , but not for three or four years .
In 1993 , the American Nobel prizewinning physicist Leon Lederman gave the Higgs boson a nickname : the God particle , because he considered it critical to our understanding of matter .
Considering the wait , a more appropriate nickname might be the Godot particle .
Finding the Higgs boson will end one of the greatest hunts in modern physics , but as that chapter closes , a new one will open .
Wrapping up his talk in Durham in December last year , Wells issued a rallying call .
The Higgs particle could help them get over their anthropocentric ways and open up vast new territories of hidden worlds .
" And that would only be the beginning , " says Wells .
This article was amended on 22 June 2010 .
The original referred to Copernicus putting the Earth at the centre of the solar system .
This has been corrected .
For the first time , according to researchers , bonobos have been recorded shaking their heads to discourage other bonobos from doing something — perhaps a " primitive precursor of the human head shake . "
© 2010 National Geographic ; video courtesy Christel Schneider
RELATED
Unedited Transcript
Human mothers may yell at their toddlers for playing with their food .
But what do other primates do ?
This bonobo mom , Ulindi , is trying to get her infant Luiza , to stop playing with a piece of leek .
Eventually , she pulls it away .
But the infant goes back for the leek , and the mother begins shaking her head back and forth , as if to say , “ no , no , no . ”
This display , reported in a recent issue of the journal “ Primates , ” was just one of many similar displays of bonobos observed by researcher Christel Schneider and colleagues at six different zoos in Europe .
While bonobos have been observed shaking their heads sideways before , it was mostly in instances of play .
Schneider says these are the first observations of bonobos trying to prevent another from engaging in a certain activity .
Schneider suggests this could reflect a ‘ primitive precursor of the human head shake ’ showing negativity to another .
But further study should be done to find the answer .
The videos are from 190 hours of recorded observations of several species of primates , including bonobos , chimpanzees , gorillas and orangutans , over a 7 - year period .
The researchers cite other research suggesting “ bonobos differ from other apes in social - problem - solving strategies because their emotional temperament affords cooperative behavior . ”
It is time for Israel to understand the new normal
I have met Peter Beinart once or twice .
While he seemed like a good guy , I was disturbed by his unsettling combination of youth and smarts .
I prefer my young commentators on the rise to be more easily dismissible .
Unfortunately , even when I disagree with his views , I find he ’s one of those voices that is hard to shrug off .
That ’s particularly salient at the moment given his recent piece in the New York Review of Books that has stirred up such a fuss over its ( hard to deny ) arguments that many among the younger generation American Jews have turned away from Zionism in part because major " pro-Israel " Jewish organizations embraced hard - line policies that were in conflict with younger Jews ’ " liberal " values .
( " Pro -Israel " is in quotes because I find it hard to describe policies as pro-Israel that are actually in the long - term damaging to Israel … and the policies to which he refers fall into that category .
" Liberal " is in quotes because I have no idea what that means anymore . )
I think Beinart is on to something .
But I think it is only part of the equation .
Something larger and deeper is at work here : the passage of time , specifically that potent cocktail that is the combination of history and demographic change .
Even comparatively young older folks like me and , for example , my former graduate school roommate who is now the Israeli Ambassador to the U.S. , were 11 or 12 when the 1967 war took place .
And we and those older than us starting their careers at the time ( the really grey heads today ) were heavily influenced by it .
( My former roommate , Mike Oren , even wrote the definitive history of the war , a truly great account . )
The story of tiny Israel , surrounded by enemies , greatly outnumbered , fighting for a haven against a world that had only two decades before completed a period of unimaginable atrocities against the Jewish people , was incredibly heroic and compelling .
For my father ’s generation of course , Holocaust survivors and those who lived through that dark era , the story was even more trenchant and Zionism was an even more natural impulse .
Thus for the generations that have dominated the U.S. political and policy scene since the days of the Second World War through 1967 and beyond , that narrative — Israel fighting against the odds to redress millennia of injustices — was an inspirational subtext that not only influenced our views but colored countless news stories and government policy decisions not just in Israel but in the U.S. and elsewhere .
Of course , there were many other reasons that Israel and the U.S. forged a strong alliance .
Many — like America ’s strategic interests in the Middle East and the need for strong allies in the context of the Cold War — were more important than the narrative , but the narrative was very important in selling them and in explaining the U.S. - Israeli special relationship in terms that helped to justify it .
The problem for Israel and Israel ’s current leadership however , is that even if that old narrative seems as compelling as ever to them , it is increasingly falling on deaf ears in the United States .
Indeed , it is clear that many of the problems that exist not only in the Israel - U.S. relationship at the moment but also in Israel ’s broader relations with the world are associated with a failure to recognize the sea-change in perceptions of Israel and its situation that has taken place .
Let me frame it in terms that are easy to understand .
When the Six Day War took place , Barack Obama was 4 .
He was just entering elementary school at the time of the Yom Kippur War .
The first major regional conflict that could have entered his consciousness and had a major impression on him took place when he was just finishing his junior year of college .
It was a year after he had gone on family trips to Indonesia , India and Pakistan .
I do n’t say this to pander to the vile baiting of the fringe elements of American far right , but rather to help set the stage for the intellectual coming of age of the current U.S. president .
In June 1982 , the First Lebanon War began .
Not only was the war the first major Middle Eastern conflict of Obama ’s adult years , it was also the trigger for a change in how Israel was viewed internationally that has defined the past three decades .
Lebanon was where Israel gave up the moral high ground in its conflict with its Arab neighbors .
The massacres at the Sabra and Shatila refugee camps in September 1982 , although conducted by Phalangists seeking retribution for not only the assassination of the Lebanese president but also for past blows inflicted on them , were widely seen as being enabled by the Israeli troops that surrounded the camps and stood by while the massacres were taking place .
Within five years of the massacres , the Palestinian leadership initiated an extraordinarily effective strategy of confronting the Israelis via intifada , uprisings that seemed one - sided to the advantage of the Israelis militarily but were in fact , one - sided to the advantage of the Palestinians politically and strategically .
Because the Palestinians recognized long before the Israelis that the balance of power in modern conflicts often lay with those who won the television war for support , those who claimed the narrative .
Poor Palestinian boys throwing rocks at Israeli tanks snatched the " against - the - odds " narrative from the State of Israel and brilliantly turned it against them .
During the 1980s , as a consequence , the tide began to turn toward the Palestinians among the American left — from academia to politicized Hollywood .
( It is worth noting that if the Jews do control the media as conspiracy theorists love to suggest , they sure have n’t done much to help the image of Israel over the past several decades . )
In the two decades since , a series of other developments have taken place that have transformed the U.S. political environment in terms of support for Israel and in particular in terms of support for the kind of joined - at - the - hip policies that seemed to define the relationship during the sixties , seventies and early eighties .
Each of these changes has had a profound impact which is amplified in its significance by the fact that many in the Israeli leadership seem somewhere between being baffled and in complete denial by them .
They include :
The Shift from the Strategic Center , Part I : The End of the Cold War
During the ’60s and ’70s and ’ 80s it was easy to make the case that America needed a strategic ally in the Middle East .
Our oil came from there .
It was on the southern flank of our great enemy .
And that great enemy was cosy with a lot of Israel ’s enemies in the region .
The Cold War , however , ended and as it did , Israel began to drift away from being strategically central to the United States .
The Shift from the Strategic Center , Part II : The Aftermath of 9/11
In the eyes of many Israelis , the attacks on the World Trade Center and the Pentagon should have drawn the U.S. and Israel closer .
But quite the opposite has happened .
Because Iraq and Afghanistan and Pakistan become more central to the U.S. , and because the U.S. put troops on the ground in those countries , we were less in need of a tiny foothold , in fact , we might be building long - term presences in those countries and in the Gulf that make Israel less important relatively speaking .
Furthermore , we began to see threats from terrorists or loose nukes in Pakistan as more important to us than the Israeli - Arab tension .
Indeed , as American General David Petraeus has observed - representing an increasingly popular view - America ’s ties to Israel and the unresolved nature of their conflict with the Palestinians may be exacerbating our problems with terrorists and potential supporters throughout the greater Middle East .
Not only has our center of attention in the region shifted Eastward , our ties in Israel are seen not as an advantage re : U.S. interests there but as quite the opposite .
The Rise of Partisanship : The Curse of the Neocons and the Realist Corollary
Making matters worse is the fact that the unpopular U.S. invasion of Iraq was seen in part as the product of efforts by a small group of neocons who popular fiction has associated with advancing Israeli interests .
Thus , many Democrats blame the war in Iraq on a group of people seen to be sacrificing U.S. interests to advance an Israeli agenda .
Whether this is true , an exaggeration or a facile misreading of the facts , this viewpoint has helped partisanize this issue .
Polling data shows that Republicans are more willing to associate themselves with strong support of Israel and Democrats are more inclined to see a change in the policies .
That ’s not to say Israel is unpopular .
It is more that Democrats increasingly seek to distinguish their policies as being more " balanced " toward Palestinians and moderate Arab states .
The American Retreat and the Advance of the BRICs
On top of the above , America is burdened by domestic economic problems and the economic as well as the human cost of the wars in the region has greatly diminished the country ’s appetite for further such entanglements .
Indeed , the only way the president could justify adding troops in Afghanistan was promising at the same time a firm date for withdrawal .
America is not going to get deeply involved in other conflicts in this part of the world if it can avoid it .
The bad actors in the region know it .
Do the Israelis ?
At the same time , as the U.S. seeks multilateral solutions for the big diplomatic problems in the region , other players are increasingly important such as the BRICs ( see the Iranian issue below ) .
They are almost universally of a school of thought that is skeptical of the Israelis and closer to the moderate Arab states in the region .
Since the U.S. is disinclined to go it alone , these new players ’ views become much more important .
The Shift from the Strategic Center , Part III : The Iranian Nuclear Problem
Nowhere is this shift more clear than with the Iranian nuclear stand off .
This is the first major conflict in the region in which the most important international player was not the U.S. but the Chinese .
Why ?
Because if the Chinese do n’t go along with sanctions , there just ca n’t be effective sanctions .
They know it .
We know it .
And that ’s why there are n’t sanctions today .
This also means it is almost certain that Iran will end up being nearly nuclear or nuclear and that the world will be forced to accept it .
Israel , anxious for years to get the U.S. to focus on Iran , may regret getting what they wished for .
Because once there is a nuclear Iran , the issue becomes containment .
And if that ’s the issue , moderate Arab states are a key part of the strategy .
They ’ll want to go along … but they will want the U.S. to pressure Israel more on reaching a solution with the Palestinians in exchange .
Of course , Israel bears a great deal of responsibility for this .
They have utterly disregarded these developments as they took place and have recklessly failed on the public diplomacy front .
Today , they are perceived as the aggressor and the bias against them is so acute in the media that when Palestinians launch thousands of missiles against Israel and Israel responds , the world thinks of Israel as the aggressor or when a couple of years ago a missile threat from Lebanon provoked an effective Israeli response , world public opinion concluded both that Israel started the conflict and lost it despite the fact that neither assertion is actually true .
The Israelis are in denial and the clock is ticking .
Rather than addressing the question of how to return to strategic centrality for the U.S. or how to reclaim the moral high ground in the conflict and thus win back international support , they play the settlements game , a needless and for all the above reasons , dangerous distraction from the real business at hand .
My own view is that they ought to lean into the peace process and do whatever else they must to reclaim the moral high ground and the narrative they need to underpin the strong U.S. - Israel relationship that is critical to their future .
If they fear that this might me concessions that are too great to the Palestinians , I say , it is worth the risk because the alternative is eroding support at critical places in the international foundations of their security .
My sense is this is a lower risk proposition than many hard - liners might think .
Because I think that ultimately the Palestinian will cede the moral and political high ground in this fairly easily given their chronic dysfunctionality .
As for the issue of restoring strategic centrality , the Syrians and Hezbollah and Iran seem to be working overtime to restore the narrative that it still is tiny Israel against very hostile neighbors who seek regional hegemony rather than to redress the grievances of the poor displaced Palestinians ( about whom history shows they care not at all except for what utility they may have as pawns in a greater Middle East chess game . )
Lean into peace , show more restraint than is comfortable , win the battle of the Internet and the cable news networks and talk radio because that is the one that is most critical to restoring the political support of the kind Israel needs .
If you wish to argue the specifics of the preceding point , fine .
But let ’s agree on one thing :
What will be fatal is waiting and hoping for the good old days to return .
Skepticism and the search for a new paradigm — see the President ’s Cairo speech for clues — are not going to retreat .
Neither is time , demographic change or history .
Things will not go back to normal .
This is the new normal .
Israel must deal with it or fall victim to it .
Sir ,
On March 20 , the Swazi News carried a story about a German named Mr. Albrecht , who was in the country visiting NGOs .
Apparently Albrecht has a great deal of cash , and he was considering whether to give some of that money to Swaziland NGOs .
Musa
Hlophe made some interesting comments .
The Times paraphased Hlophe to the effect that the government ’s current budget proposal has no money allocated for NGOs .
Let us remember what ‘ NGO ’ stands for : Non Governmental Organisation .
Hlophe is concerned that the government is n’t giving non-governmental organisations money .
It is no secret that many NGOs make less - than - encouraging remarks about government policy and practices , and there is definitely room in any civil society for healthy and constructive debate .
But it does seem odd that government would , and in some opinions should , give money to NON - governmental groups which turn around and criticise the government that funds them .
The Swazi proverb hamba sandla , buya sandla might be modified to hamba sandla , shaya sandla , with the addendum kepha ungadzinwa kusasa .
Secondly , Hlophe was quoted as saying “ Bread for the World is found wherever there is human suffering something contrary to what the corporate world was doing .
The world over the corporate world funds glamorous projects that do not involve ordinary people . ”
Now there ’s no denying that lots of aid and self - help schemes are big expensive and useless , and do n’t help the people they are intended for .
But not every scheme is a failure .
Gone Rural , based in Malkerns , has a good reputation for employing bomake with traditional skills and then helping those mothers with their children ’s school fees , etc .
Gone Rural harnesses market forces to give Swazi women income and other benefits .
The genius of the corporate world is not that it ‘ funds glamorous projects that do not involve ordinary people ’ , but that it hires ordinary people so they can meet the needs of their family and even have money to share with others .
I do n’t know how Albrecht made his fortune , but it is hard to imagine he made his billions of Emalangeni by only travelling around the world and giving it away .
Despite its faults , free market capitalism ( which does include some degree of corporatism ) has generated lots of income and lifted lots of people to higher living standards .
Why , it has even made it possible for some individuals to travel the world funding NGOs which seek to alleviate human suffering .
Believe it or not , the mere thought of you can make your employees do a lousy job .
In fact , if your employees consider you a controlling person , even an unconscious thought of you can have a negative effect on their performance .
If , for example , they were to happen to subliminally see , out of the corner of their eyes , your name flash for 60 milliseconds , you could expect them to start working less hard .
Even if they did n’t intend to slack off .
Obviously it ’s not too likely that they ’ll see a subliminal flash of your name , but students participating in a psychological experiment did see such a flash — not of your name ( of course ) but of the name of a “ significant other ” ( a boss , a mom , a dad ) whom they perceived as controlling and who wanted them to work hard .
Researchers found that the subjects , having been subliminally exposed to these names , unconsciously did the opposite of work hard .
Specifically , they did relatively poor work on a complex anagram task that they were given .
I say all this to make the point that people deeply value their freedom , so much so that even an unconscious memory of a controlling person stimulates a behavioral reaction .
“ We love our freedom to choose , ” Gavan J. Fitzsimons , a professor of marketing and psychology at Duke , told me .
The psychological mechanism that connects the love of freedom and the behavioral response is known as reactance .
It ’s a concept that was described by Jack Brehm back in 1966 , and though it did n’t get much notice for a few decades , recently it has become an active area of psychological research with many implications for business .
The study on significant others was done by a team at Duke — Tanya L. Chartrand , Amy N. Dalton , and Fitzsimons — who wanted to see whether reactance , usually thought of as a conscious effect , could be unconscious too .
Their findings show that indeed it can .
The researchers suggest that in certain circumstances , “ reactance becomes automatized . ”
Not everyone reacts strongly against perceived autonomy threats .
The researchers found that people with an ingrained sense that others are trying to control them tend to have the most intense negative reactions to unconscious thoughts of significant others .
Not only do these highly reactant individuals love their freedom , they ’ll also “ do anything to protect it , ” Fitzsimons says .
In organizations , that gets them into trouble sometimes .
In a 2007 paper , the researchers say that perhaps highly reactant individuals could be helped by their organizations to “ learn to identify the situations that trigger reactance and plan in advance how to respond . ”
That ’s a good idea , but do n’t managers also have a responsibility not to become the controlling significant other in their subordinates ’ lives ?
I realize that idea might sound naïve , but it ’s clear from the Duke study that if you ’re a controlling figure , your direct reports will respond , to a greater or lesser degree ( depending on their inherent reactance levels ) , by letting their performance slip , by screwing up , by undermining your efforts , and / or by doing the opposite of what you want .
It ’s all too easy , once people become managers , for them to forget how deeply their employees value freedom and autonomy , and the extent to which some of them , at least , will react to any infringement of it , even unconsciously .
Andrew O’Connell is an editor with the Harvard Business Review Group .
It finally happened .
I was " unpublished " by Psychology Today .
I was told my blog on in South Korea lacked sensitivity , and was insulting .
It is a strange feeling , being unpublished ( or should it be " depublished " ? ) :
I imagine it is not unlike being too - quickly deflowered , or airbrushed out of that tarmac photograph with Chairman Mao after falling out of favor with the cadre .
I was accused of having a flippant attitude toward suicide .
Interestingly , the tenor of my blog was assumed because I felt that the suicide " victims " had a flippant attitude toward suicide .
The cases I described involved individuals not known to be ; these were murderers of self who could not get away with an insanity plea .
And their glorification of their demise sickened me , and I reacted with the same nausea I feel when I read about a murderer .
Because these evangelicals of self - destruction in profound and heart - breaking ways also murder those survivors who cared for them ; worse , they make it sexy to be young , beautiful , and dead by one 's own hand .
There is no sign this trend is losing steam in South Korea , and I just hope it does not become hip in this country .
This is one ingredient the melting pot does not need .
The killing does continue , the South Korea entertainment and news media making movies and publishing lurid photos of their new - found primacy : According to a report by ABC News on May 13 , 2010 , nine people in South Korea committed suicide in three separate incidents within two days this past week , including four women and one man ( in their 20s and 30s ) found dead after sealing a passenger car with sheets of plastic and inhaling the toxic fumes from burning coal briquettes .
Police assume this was one more internet - suicide - recruitment scheme , which has become increasingly common ; in this case , the man recruited the four women to participate in a group suicide .
Earlier that same week , three men in their 20s were found dead in a rented room , using the same method and sealing the doors and windows from inside with tape ; police also assume this was another suicide pact cultivated online .
In my depublished blog , I discussed the spate of celebrity suicide , and the posting of blogs describing their feelings of fatigue and disillusion before these icons hang themselves , as if this will garner them immortality .
But it is a false immortality , lasting only as long as the battery in your laptop .
The tragedy is the youth who decide to follow in these stumbling footsteps .
The ABC report describes online " suicide communities or chat sites " , where troubled individuals " must accompany each other to death " .
Maybe , just maybe , if a group of suicide buddies stop for even two seconds to consider that their death may not be met with Mylar balloons and flowers , but ridicule at the absurdity of their choice to end life with a couple of geeks they met online , then maybe my depublished blog would have meant something .
Now , we 'll never know .
State budget gaps accompanied by forced austerity measures will act as a huge economic drag in the second half of the year unless Congress plays sugar daddy once again .
Bloomberg reports States of Crisis for 46 Governments Facing Greek - Style Deficits
Californians do n’t see much evidence that the worst economic contraction since the Great Depression is coming to an end .
Unemployment was 12.4 percent in May , 2.7 percentage points higher than the national rate .
Lawmakers gridlocked over how to close a $ 19 billion budget gap are weighing the termination of the main welfare program for 1.3 million poor families or borrowing more than $ 9 billion in the bond market .
California , tied with Illinois for the lowest credit rating of any state , is diverting a rising portion of tax revenue to service debt , Bloomberg Markets magazine reports in its August issue .
Far from rebounding , the Golden State , with a $ 1.8 trillion economy that ’s larger than Russia ’s , is sinking deeper into its financial funk .
And it ’s not alone .
Even as the U.S. appears to be on the mend -- gross domestic product has climbed three straight quarters -- finances in Arizona , Illinois , New Jersey , New York and other states show few signs of improvement .
Forty - six states face budget shortfalls that add up to $ 112 billion for the fiscal year ending next June , according to the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities , a Washington research institution .
State spending is 12 percent of U.S. GDP .
“ States are going to have to cut back spending and raise taxes the same way Greece and Spain are , ” says Dean Baker , co- director of the Center for Economic and Policy Research in Washington .
“ That runs counter to stimulating the economy and will put a big damper on the recovery in the latter half of this year . ”
State budget woes are a worsening drag on growth as the federal government tries to wean the economy from two years of extraordinary support .
By Jan. 1 , funds from the $ 787 billion federal stimulus bill will dry up .
That money from Washington has helped cushion state budgets as tax revenue has plunged .
State leaders wo n’t be able to ride out this cycle the way they have in the past .
The budget holes are too large .
For the first time since 1962 , sales and income tax revenue fell for five straight quarters , through December 2009 , according to the Nelson A. Rockefeller Institute of Government at the State University of New York at Albany .
Lawmakers need to overhaul tax policy , underfunded public pensions and entitlement spending programs such as Medicaid if they want to establish long - term plans that will foster growth , says former New Jersey Governor Christine Todd Whitman .
“ States do n’t have a choice anymore , ” Whitman says .
“ These problems are going to require major surgery . ”
On May 20 , New Jersey Governor Chris Christie vetoed a Democratic bill that would have raised income taxes for residents earning at least $ 1 million a year to help close an $ 11 billion deficit .
Christie , a Republican , wants to cut spending for school districts and cap property tax increases .
“ At some point , the people ’s ability to pay runs out , ” Christie said in a speech in New York on May 25 .
Day of Reckoning Arrives
Tenuous Passage
" I was surprised and extremely disappointed to hear that $ 18 billion in new assessments and fees were added in the wee hours of the morning by the conference committee , " Massachusetts Senator Scott Brown said .
He issued the statement after negotiators from the Senate and House of Representatives emerged from a marathon session early Friday morning with a final compromise on a bill that would bring about the most sweeping financial rules revamp since the 1930s .
The legislation would set up a new financial consumer watchdog , create a protocol for dismantling troubled financial firms and mandate higher bank capital standards -- all in an effort to avoid a repeat of the 2007 - 2009 credit crisis that hammered the economy and triggered taxpayer bailouts of floundering firms .
In May Brown was only one of four Republicans who voted for the Senate 's financial regulatory reform package , which was approved , 59 - 39 , with two members not voting .
Before that vote , Democrats had to overcome a Republican filibuster aimed at killing the bill and did that by the narrowest margin possible , 60 - 40 .
Brown 's possible defection from the bill increases the chance of a successful Republican filibuster this time unless Democratic leaders can find another vote .
Democrats control 57 seats in the Senate and Republicans 41 .
Two independents usually vote with the Democrats .
It takes 60 votes to end a filibuster .
" While I 'm still reviewing the bill 's details , these provisions were not in the Senate version of the bill which I previously supported ...
I 've said repeatedly that I cannot support any bill that raises tax , " Brown said .
Much Ado About Nothing
I cannot help but be struck by one thing in this reform bill :
If it were law since the year 2000 , the only part of it that might have prevented , or at least slowed down the crisis , was the new minimum underwriting standards for mortgages .
No more “ No Doc , NINJA , or Liar loans . ”
That Lenders must verify income , credit history and job status certainly would have prevented the worst vintages of sub - prime and exotic mortgages from ever being written , or subsequently securitized .
Other than that , there is not a single element of the reform that would have prevented the last crisis .
I strongly doubt that anything else in this reform package is going to prevent the next one , either .
Unemployment Extension Fails To Pass After Three Tries
Senate Democrats on Thursday failed for a third time to advance legislation to extend unemployment benefits through November .
The 57 - 41 vote rejected ending debate on the legislation , which would have sent the bill to a final vote .
After the vote , Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid ( D - Nev. ) repeated comments he made earlier Thursday that the Senate will now move to a small - business bill .
Reid said the unemployment benefits would not be added to that bill , but others have speculated that the provisions could still be attached to the small - business measure .
The failure to move the tax extenders package , which also would have renewed scores of individual and business tax breaks , illustrates the extent to which fears about the deficit are dominating the legislative process five months before a midterm election in which Democratic control of Congress will be on the line .
The legislation cost about $ 100 billion and would have added roughly $ 33 billion to the deficit by extending unemployment benefits for six months .
The cost of the added unemployment insurance was not offset with other tax hikes or spending cuts .
Republicans unanimously voted against the motion , arguing it would add to the country ’s ballooning deficit .
“ We just ca n’t keep kicking the can down the street and say , ‘ Oh , we ’ll take care of it later on .
It ’ll be offset later , ’ ” Sen . George Voinovich , a centrist Republican from Ohio , told The Hill .
“ That ’s all we ’ve been doing these last couple of years , and I ’m fed up with it . ”
Apple 2.0 writer Philip Elmer - DeWitt asks “ who can Bury Whom ? ”
It ’s the question that is appropriate but there is no answer that is easy .
Weekly ago , Gartner and IDC circulated forecasts which is often apparently non-congruent mobile systems that are working futures .
Whom should you imagine ?
Gartner , IDC or Microsoft ?
Windows Phone 7 ’s release to …
Gartner August 2010 mobile OS forecasts Read More »
The World Health Organization ( WHO ) , the United Nations ' public health arm , is moving full speed ahead with a controversial plan to impose global consumer taxes on such things as Internet activity and everyday financial transactions like paying bills online — while its spending soars and its own financial house is in disarray .
The aim of its taxing plans is to raise " tens of billions " of dollars for WHO that would be used to radically reorganize the research , development , production and distribution of medicines around the world , with greater emphasis on drugs for communicable diseases in poor countries .
The irony is that the WHO push to take a huge bite out of global consumers comes as the organization is having a management crisis of its own , juggling finances , failing to use its current resources efficiently , or keep its costs under control — and it does n't expect to show positive results in managing those challenges until a year from now , at the earliest .
Fox News initially reported last January on the " suite of proposals " for " new and innovative sources of funding , " prepared by a 25 - member panel of medical experts , academics and health care bureaucrats , when it was presented of a meeting of WHO 's 34 - member Executive Board in Geneva .
Now the proposals are headed for the four - day annual meeting of the 193 - member World Health Assembly , WHO 's chief legislative organ , which begins in Geneva on May 17 .
The Health Assembly , a medical version of the United Nations General Assembly , will be invited to " take note " of the experts ' report .
It will then head back with that passive endorsement to another Executive Board meeting , which begins May 22 , for further action .
It is the Executive Board that will " give effect " to the Assembly 's decisions .
What it all means is that a major lobbying effort could soon be underway to convince rich governments in particular to begin taxing citizens or industries to finance a drastic restructuring of medical research and development on behalf of poorer ones .
The scheme would leave WHO in the middle , helping to manage a " global health research and innovation coordination and funding mechanism , " as the experts ' report calls it .
In effect , the plan amounts to a pharmaceutical version of the U.N. - sponsored climate - change deal that failed to win global approval at Copenhagen last December .
If implemented as the experts suggest , it could easily involve the same kind of wealth transfers as the failed Copenhagen summit , which will send $ 30 billion a year to poor nations , starting this year .
The WHO strategy involves a wide variety of actions to transfer " pharmaceutical - related technology , " and its production , along with intellectual property rights , to developing countries , according to a condensed " global strategy and plan of action " also being presented to the World Health Assembly .
Regional " networks for innovation " would be cultivated across the developing world , and some regions , such as Africa , would be encouraged to develop technology to exploit " traditional medicines . "
According to the condensed plan of action being presented to the Assembly , a number of those initiatives are already well under way .
Click here to read the plan of action .
The rationale for the drastic restructuring of medical R and D , as outlined in the group of experts ' report , is the skewed nature of medical research in the developed world , which concentrates largely on non-communicable diseases , notably cancer , and scants research on malaria , tuberculosis and other communicable scourges of poor countries .
It cites a 1986 study that claimed that only 5 percent of global health research and development was applied to the health problems of developing countries .
( In dissecting contemporary medical R and D , however , the expert report glosses over the historical fact that many drugs for fighting communicable diseases in developing countries are already discovered ; the issue in many cases is the abysmal living and hygienic conditions that make them easily transmitted killers . )
What truly concerns the experts , however , is how to get the wealth transfers that will make the R and D transfers possible — on a permanent basis .
The panel offers up a specific number of possibilities .
Chief among them :
• a " digital " or " bit " tax on Internet activity , which could raise " tens of billions of U.S. dollars " ;
• a 10 percent tax on international arms deals , " worth about $ 5 billion per annum " ;
• a financial transaction tax , citing a Brazilian levy that was raising some $ 20 billion per year until it was canceled ( for unspecified reasons ) ;
• an airline tax that already exists in 13 countries and has raised some $ 1 billion .
Almost casually , the panel 's report notes that the fundraising effort would involve global changes in legal structures — and policing .
As the report puts it : " Introducing a new tax or expanding an existing tax may require legal changes , nationally and internationally and ongoing regulation to ensure compliance . "
As a backup , the panel offers some less costly , voluntary alternatives , including " solidarity contributions " via mobile telephone usage , or set - asides on income taxes .
Yet another alternative : new health care contributions from countries such as China , India or Venezuela , or higher contributions from rich countries — neither idea looking likely in the current climate of international financial crisis .
In the report 's words : " channeling these resources in this way can only be achieved if there is political will to do so and a convincing case is made . "
Click here to read the financing report .
As follow - up , the experts suggest that WHO promote each and every suggested approach for new financing , along with " regulatory harmonization and integration " in the developing world , " research and development platforms in the developing world , " and new " product development partnerships " to kick - start the global medicines program .
Just as big an issue for WHO , however , may be whether it can adequately manage the money it is already getting — or trying to get — for its current planned needs .
Other budget documents intended for the World Health Assembly , and obtained by Fox News , paint a picture of an organization where :
• spiraling financial demands are beginning to outstrip the ability of member - nations to pay ;
• outsized headquarters budgets , in contrast to the regional and country networks where WHO 's public health work is largely done , are rising even faster than the overall budget ; and
• efforts to control onerous staff costs are just getting underway .
Those challenges are laid out in WHO 's proposed biennial budget for 2010 - 2011 , which calls for a combination of mandatory and voluntary contributions from the world 's nations — meaning , overwhelmingly , the three dozen richest ones — of $ 5.4 billion — a whopping 27 percent increase over the same initial draft figure for 2008 - 2009 .
But that increase , large as it is , will likely be far less than WHO needs before the latest biennium ends .
In 2008 - 2009 , the initial $ 4.23 billion draft budget was " revised " to a final $ 4.95 billion during the two - year period , a 17 percent increase .
Using the same inflationary measure , WHO 's spending could well climb to $ 6.3 billion before the end of 2011 .
Click here for the draft 2010 - 2011 budget .
One of the biggest jumps would come in the spending centered on WHO 's headquarters in pricey Geneva — a 44 percent climb in its share of program budgets , from $ 1.18 billion to $ 1.7 billion , even before any future " revisions . "
WHO planners point to the shrinking value of the U.S. dollar , its budgeted currency , against the Swiss franc as a major factor , which they say has increased costs by 15 percent .
But other factors include more meetings for WHO 's governing bodies and salary provisions for the top officers of the WHO Secretariat .
According to documents presented to the program , budget and administration committee of WHO 's Executive Board , headquarters costs for the organization have remained proportionately steady for years at almost 38 percent of WHO 's spending , however much that spending has grown .
The ratio is striking , since WHO devotes most of its efforts to improving health care conditions in the developing world .
The organization 's stated goal is to spend only 30 percent of its program funding in Geneva , but the same planners think it is " unrealistic " to think WHO will reach that objective , even by 2013 .
In foggy bureaucratic language , they declare that " a change that is too swift and radical will be disruptive to the entire function of the Organization or fail because of an insurmountable accumulation of practical problems of execution . "
Translation : the WHO bureaucracy wo n't easily cooperate .
In a bid to get the head - to - tail ratio under better control , WHO 's top managers have set ceilings for headquarters hiring , but these only went into effect this year .
The hiring limits will not cut the Geneva head - count but limit its further growth — " an acknowledgement , " the document says , " that staff numbers are the main driver of WHO 's expenditures . "
That combination of WHO 's sharp hikes in costs and a grim economic climate have led to another major management problem : " continued disparities between the approved budgets and the available resources . "
In other words , WHO 's member states and donors are not paying up as fast as the organization is spending the money across its many and varied priorities , leading to budgetary juggling and behind the scenes efforts to get major donor countries to ante up future contributions in advance , and cough up more voluntary funds in the future .
In its planning committee documents , the WHO bureaucracy promises to get a better grip on its finances in the near future .
Among the cost management efforts will be higher levies on voluntary donations to cover WHO staff costs — higher administrative fees , in short — along with more voluntary and " fully flexible " donations that can be used at the management 's discretion , rather than being earmarked for specific programs .
Click here for the resource management report .
It will be another year , however , before WHO 's overseers will be able to see if its management juggling will bear adequate fruit .
All in all , that is not a confidence - building credential for an organization that is simultaneously trying to reorganize the world 's medical research , development , production and distribution system — and make the world 's consumers and taxpayers pick up most of the multibillion - dollar tab .
George Russell is executive editor of Fox News .
A Senate committee on Thursday approved a cyber- security bill that has prompted concern about a presidential " Internet kill switch . "
The Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee unanimously approved the Protecting Cyberspace as a National Asset Act of 2010 ( S. 3480 ) .
It now moves to the Senate floor for a full vote .
The bill is an over - arching cyber - security measure , which would , among other things , create an office of cyberspace policy within the White House , which would be led by a Senate - appointed director .
It would also create a new center within the Homeland Security Department , which would implement cyber - security policies .
A provision that got the most attention , however , was one that gave the president the power to " authorize emergency measures to protect the nation 's most critical infrastructure if a cyber vulnerability is being exploited or is about to be exploited . "
Though the language is somewhat vague , this section was interpreted by many as giving the president an " Internet kill switch " that would effectively allow him to " turn off " the Web in an emergency .
" While the bill makes it clear that it does not authorize electronic surveillance beyond that authorized in current law , we are concerned that the emergency actions that could be compelled could include shutting down or limiting Internet communications that might be carried over covered critical infrastructure systems , " several privacy groups , including the American Civil Liberties Union ( ACLU ) , wrote in a Wednesday letter to the committee .
The bill should be amended to describe exactly what actions the government can take , the groups said .
Sen .
Joe Lieberman of Connecticut , the bill 's sponsor , during a Sunday appearance on CNN , and the committee on Wednesday published a " myth vs. reality " fact sheet on the bill .
Current law already provides the president with broad authority to take over communications networks , the committee said , pointing to Section 706 of the Communications Act .
That portion gives the president authority to " cause the closing of any facility or station for wire communication " and " authorize the use of control of any such facility or station " by the federal government .
This can be done if a state or threat of war exists , it does not require advance notification to Congress , and can continue for up to six months after the threat expires .
This bill , the committee said , " would bring presidential authority to respond to a major cyber attack into the 21st century by providing a precise , targeted , and focused way for the president to defend our most sensitive infrastructure . "
Specifically , the bill would give the president 30 days to respond to a threat , requires that he notify Congress beforehand , and demands that he use the " least disruptive means feasible " to do so .
The committee denied that it lets him " take over " the Web , and said it does not provide any new surveillance authorities .
Owners of private networks would be able to propose alternative responses to a given threat .
Lieberman 's bill " authorizes only the identification of particular systems or assets  not whole companies , and certainly not the entire Internet , " the committee said .
" Only specific systems or assets whose disruption would cause a national or regional catastrophe would be subject to the bill 's mandatory security requirements . "
A catastrophe would include mass casualties , severe economic impact , mass prolonged evacuations , or severe degradation of national security capabilities .
The committee 's fact sheet also denied that the bill gives the president the authority to conduct e-surveillance and monitor private networks or regulate the Internet .
" Catastrophic cyber attack is no longer a fantasy or a fiction , " Lieberman said in a Thursday statement .
" It is a clear and present danger .
This legislation would fundamentally reshape the way the federal government defends America 's cyberspace .
It takes a comprehensive , risk - based , and collaborative approach to addressing critical vulnerabilities in our own defenses .
We believe our bill would go a long way toward improving the security of our government and private critical infrastructure , and therefore the security of the American people . "
Rep. Jane Harman , a California Democrat , has introduced a House version of the bill , H.R. 5548 , but it has not yet passed committee .
In May 2009 , cyber- security as a national security policy .
Seven months later , , a former eBay and Microsoft executive , as cyber - security coordinator .
LOS ANGELES ( Hollywood Reporter ) - Sony is getting into the roller - coaster theme park business ... sort of .
Sony Pictures Animation has pre-emptively picked up rights to the Atari video game “ Rollercoaster Tycoon , ” and is developing the project as a live - action / CGI hybrid .
The “ Tycoon ” franchise , created by Chris Sawyer , is a popular series of computer games that simulate a combination of designing roller coasters and amusement park management .
Each game challenges players with open - ended amusement park management and development while allowing them to construct and customize their own unique roller coasters .
The games are popular in the PC world , generating more than $ 300 million in sales and giving Atari bragging rights for having the third - best - selling PC title of all time in the U.S .
Harald Zwart is spearheading the development of the big - screen adaptation as a possible directing project and will executive produce .
He directed Sony ’s “ The Karate Kid , ” the upcoming remake of the 1980s classic that is produced by Will Smith and stars his son Jaden Smith .
DRAPER , Utah - Attorneys for a Utah inmate to be executed by firing squad next week are making a final appeal for clemency to the state parole board .
A two - day commutation hearing for Ronnie Lee Gardner is scheduled to end Friday .
Gardner wants the five - member Utah Board of Pardons and Parole to commute his death sentence to life in prison .
On Thursday , Gardner told the board he has changed and wants to dedicate his life to helping at - risk youth avoid making the kind of mistakes that put him on death row .
Gardner is scheduled to die on June 18 .
State attorneys object to commutation .
The board will announce its decision Monday .
The 49 - year - old Gardner was sentenced to death for the 1985 fatal shooting of an attorney .
Paul Romer Mainstreams the “ Let a Thousand Nations Bloom ” Perspective Among the Economic Development Establishment
In a recent paper at the Center for Global Development ( CGD ) , Paul Romer comes very close to mainstream the perspective here at “ Let a Thousand Nations Bloom ” among the global development establishment .
CGD is very mainstream ,
The Center for Global Development is an independent , nonprofit policy research organization that is dedicated to reducing global poverty and inequality and to making globalization work for the poor .
Through a combination of research and strategic outreach , the Center actively engages policymakers and the public to influence the policies of the United States , other rich countries , and such institutions as the World Bank , the IMF , and the World Trade Organization to improve the economic and social development prospects in poor countries .
CGD was recently ranked among the world ’s top think tanks ( number 15 out of several thousand such research organizations ) in an independent survey - based ranking published in Foreign Policy magazine .
and by some standards even left - liberal ( they are very concerned with global warming and inequality of wealth , and Foreign Policy , which ranked them so highly , ran a pro-Marxist article last year ) .
Although marketed as a paper on “ Charter Cities , ” Romer ’s paper goes to the heart of the issue by explicitly advocating “ exit ” as an important alternative to “ voice , ” explicitly supporting freedom of choice while calling into question the coercive majoritarian processes of democratic nation - states .
Romer ’s rhetorical strategy is to use the benign language of “ rules ” and “ meta- rules . ”
For instance , he calls into question traditional majoritarian democratic processes in a section on meta-rules :
Meta-rules : Rules for changing the rules Meta-rules are rules about rules .
They determine how we go about changing our rules .
The kind of meta-rules that we most often think about are standard political systems that fall on a continuum between something like democracy and something like authoritarian decision - making .
Democratic meta-rules require some form of voting , perhaps by referendum or a representative body , to change the rules .
Under more authoritarian meta-rules , a rule change may require the approval only of an executive .
This framework allows him to shift explicitly to an advocacy of “ exit ” as an important alternative to “ voice , ”
In evaluating meta-rules , we need to be open - minded and look at a broad range of alternatives .
One that is little used now , but that could be revived , involves designing entirely new systems and letting people who want to try the new system opt into it .
Historically , the ability to move between countries in search of better opportunities — to vote with one ’s feet — was a powerful force for progress .
While modern globalization offers greater mobility of capital , goods , services , and ideas , restrictions on the mobility of people keep many people from leaving bad systems of rules for better ones .
Moving forward , the effort to create new places with good rules and let people opt in could offer an important supplement to familiar democratic or authoritarian mechanisms for changing the rules .
This leads to a brilliantly benign analysis of “ The Innovator ’s Dilemma ” and , implicitly , the importance of Creative Destruction , in rule change :
New Systems With Opt
In Rule change is a pervasive problem that shows up on many scales .
Corporations sometimes have as much difficulty changing the rules as nations .
IBM had a corporate culture , a rule set , that was well suited to selling mainframe computers to large businesses but was not the right rule set for selling personal computers or hand - held devices .
Brand new organizations , such as Apple , emerged with rule sets that moved computing to the consumer level .
As the new rule sets proved successful , customers , workers , and technologies gravitated toward them .
It was not just Moore ’s Law that gave us pocket computers with internet access .
New entrants — with new systems of rules that people could opt into — pushed this dramatic change as well .
Faced with this competition from new entrants , IBM eventually changed as well .
“ New entrants – with new systems of rules that people could opt into ” when applied to those rule changes that govern people ’s lives amounts to advocacy for letting a thousand nations bloom .
Romer does n’t quite go this far himself ; he clearly remains within his vision of “ Charter Cities ” in which existing nation - states allow new rule sets within their boundaries :
Suppose that leaders in a developing country pick an essentially uninhabited piece of land of this size , create a new set of rules , and allow willing participants to opt in .
Changing the rules for a nation as a whole using existing political mechanisms forces leaders to persuade and sometimes coerce everyone to change what they !re doing .
The potential for opt - in avoids the need for coercion or for consensus , and can therefore speed up experimentation with new rules .
The use of new systems of rules with opt - in could give both developed and developing countries the opportunity to do things that they would n’t be able to do under the current political processes for changing the rules .
That said , he appears to be moving towards the approach of the Dubai International Financial Centre ( DIFC ) approach , which I have long advocated , rather than the government - to - government treaty approach with which he first introduced his Charter City concept .
The DIFC approach is based on a model in which a Free Zone or Free City has significant autonomous legal authority ( i.e. “ new rules ” ) with permission from the existing sovereign nation , whereas originally Romer proposed a more neo-colonial structure in which another nation - state would have authority within the boundaries of an existing sovereign nation .
Here he proposes both structures , using Schenzhen and Hong Kong as examples :
How might a new city with new rules be administered ?
One option would be to follow the Chinese example of Shenzhen .
The new city could be an autonomous area with new rules that are administered by a city manager with strong executive powers .
The city manager might have wide discretion in the pursuit of a mandate to oversee a safe and prosperous city , but he or she would ultimately be accountable to elected leaders .
Another option would be to follow the example of Hong Kong and create a partnership with one or more foreign countries .
Of course in Dubai , the DIFC governor is ultimately accountable to the ruling family of Dubai rather than to “ elected leaders . ”
I remain hopeful , with Romer , that it is possible to create islands of relative autonomy even within democratic nations .
Still , his comparison of such a governance model with that of central banking is hardly auspicious :
Modern central banks use the mechanism of a strong but accountable executive with a great deal of success .
We give central bankers clear mandates on issues like price stability and growth .
We also give them wide discretion in pursuit of those mandates .
Elected representatives do n’t have a say on the rules of monetary policy , but they do get to specify the mandate and hold central bankers accountable for living up to it .
In monetary policy , this system for managing monetary rules has been very effective .
My approach is rather to look for an incentive - based approach to ensure increasing legal autonomy for a Free City .
That aside , Romer ’s paper ends with a marvelously open - ended statement of the importance of Hayekian discovery in rule change , one that completely opens the door to Letting a Thousand Nations Bloom :
Just as there are many more technologies to discover , there are many more prosperity inducing rules to discover and many existing rules worth copying .
The key challenge is to find meta-rules that encourage productive changes in systems of rules — the types of changes that will allow relatively poor countries to catch up with or surpass the rest of the world .
All in all , although Romer ’s arguments are designed to support his Charter Cities , they are of sufficient generality to completely support the agenda of Letting a Thousand Nations Bloom .
The fact that these arguments have been published by a mainstream left - liberal development organization is stunning .
Bravo , Romer !
Perhaps we will soon see widespread recognition that our work here at Thousand Nations represents that of the Most Progressive Movement on the Planet , and that Nozick was the ultimate Rawlsian .
Only much , much later it will be recognized that the anti-capitalist thought that has dominated academia for the past hundred years was , as Hayek noted decades ago , a tragic intellectual error .
Recently in Sevastopol there was held traditional costume beach mattress racing .
The event was rather amicable than emulative and from shore it seemed to be loony bin .
Awfully funny spectacle !
via slovimsa.net
He added : “ Many of our higher - level apprentices have chosen apprenticeships instead of going to university .
A lot of them make that choice even if they would have been first in their family to go to university .
While perusing the minutes of today ’s w3 c egov telecon I noticed mention of Tim Berners - Lee ’s Bag of Chips talk at the gov2.0 expo last week in Washington , DC .
I actually enjoyed the talk not so much for the bag - of - chips example ( which is good ) , but for the examination of Linked Data as part of a continuum of web publishing activities associated with gold stars , like the ones you got in school .
Here they are :
★ make your stuff available on the web ( whatever format ) ★★ make it available as structured data ( e.g. excel instead of image scan of a table ) ★★★ non-proprietary format ( e.g. csv instead of excel ) ★★★★ use URLs to identify things , so that people can point at your stuff ★★★★★ link your data to other people ’s data to provide context
I think it ’s helpful to think of Linked Data in this context , and not to minimize ( or trivialize ) the effort and the importance of getting the first 3 stars .
It was interesting that he did n’t mention RDF once ( unless I missed it ) and talked instead about Linked Data Format .
Correction he did mention it , thanks Anders .
The inclusiveness and ambiguity appeals to me .
In my perspective Perl syntax for grep does n't help making it faster when searching for exact values .
Let me explain .
While it is not that common , what you do when trying to grep for an exact string from an array ?
Perl makes the use of pattern matching on greps easy :
@selected = grep { / ^foo$ / } @list ;
You can argue on the usability .
But trust me , every once and then , some strange constructs get really useful .
Unfortunately the above expression is not efficient .
If you replace it by
@selected = grep { $ _ eq " foo " } @list ;
you get a two times faster code ( check the bottom for Benchmark results ) .
Following the idea of split that accepts a string and uses it for the split process , I think grep could accept a string as well ( at least on grep EXPR , LIST construct ) :
@selected = grep " foo " , @list ;
What kind of inconveniences would this raise ?
Benchmark : timing 50000 iterations of equal , match ...
equal : 22 wallclock secs ( 21.25 usr + 0.14 sys = 21.39 CPU ) @ 2337.54/s ( n=50000 )
match : 53 wallclock secs ( 51.50 usr + 0.29 sys = 51.79 CPU ) @ 965.44/s ( n=50000 )
Editorial Medio Tiempo
Favor de actualizar flashplayer ( Video : Pablo Vásquez )
Osorio y Giovanni entrenaron por separado este viernes
El que la Selección Mexicana haya mostrado buenos momentos futbolísticos ante Holanda e Inglaterra pero sin conseguir la victoria no significa que el Tri sea un equipo " ya merito " .
Héctor Moreno , quien jugó como central titular contra Holanda , considera que los recientes partidos del equipo son de preparación , por lo que lo verdaderamente importante es el desempeño del equipo .
" Yo no considero que seamos una Selección del ya merito .
Los partidos amistosos nos están sirviendo bastante para lo que es lo más importante .
Nosotros estamos enfocados a lo que será el Mundial el 11 de junio , una prueba realmente de fuego , entonces el equipo está trabajando para eso , yo no creo que ninguno de mis compañeros quisiéramos quedarnos en el ya merito , sin ponernos límites , hasta donde nuestra capacidad nos lleve " .
" Éste es un equipo que viene parejo , que somos iguales , que somos once contra once .
Yo no dudo de ninguno de mis compañeros "
Héctor aclaró que no fue una lesión lo que sufrió en el juego contra Holanda en el tobillo derecho , sino un golpe del que se recupero colocándose hielo y tomando medicamento .
" En lo personal y todos mis compañeros creo que no se sintieron rebasados , fueron lapsos del partido en los que estuvimos desconcentrados pero ninguno se sintió menos , yo no vi a ninguno de mis compañeros que agachara la cabeza ante ningún jugador de Inglaterra u Holanda " , explicó .
Sobre la competencia que se ha generado por la titularidad en la defensa central , Héctor dijo sentirse con tantas posibilidades como las que tienen el resto de sus compañeros .
" Yo creo que éste es un equipo que viene parejo , que somos iguales , que somos once contra once .
Yo no dudo de ninguno de mis compañeros , ni dudo de mi persona , ni del Cuerpo Técnico .
Si nosotros generamos esa confianza a la gente en los partidos que han sido buen parámetro aunque los resultados no han sido favorables " .
Al término de la conferencia de prensa , el Tri tuvo su entrenamiento matutino en el que Ricardo Osorio y Giovanni dos Santos entrenaron por separado .
Updated 06/15 to include the latest version of Android OS on the phones and added MyTouch Slide .
Less than two years after Google introduced the first Android phone , the free , open source operating system has turned into a juggernaut .
There are 17 Android phones available today , and three new devices will hit retail stores in the next few weeks .
The latest Android phone is the HTC Aria .
AT&T revealed the Aria on Monday as a mid-range phone that will run Android 2.1 , have a 5 - megapixel camera , a 3.2 - inch display and a slower processor than the Nexus One or HTC Evo 4G ( the Aria 's CPU clocks 600 MHz , compared to 1 GHz on the latter ) .
Aria is not the last Android phone from AT&T this year .
The company has said it will have five Android devices in 2010 and is likely to announce yet another Android phone soon .
Google debuted the Android operating system in 2008 , and the first handset to use it was T - Mobile 's HTC G1 .
Since then , the four major U.S. wireless service providers – Verizon , AT&T , T - Mobile and Sprint – have embraced the OS .
AT&T's Android portfolio , though , is the weakest , which should n't be a surprise considering its exclusive deal with Apple :
Thanks to the success of the iPhone , AT&T has less reason to explore Android alternatives .
From the $ 50 LG Ally on Verizon to the most advanced handset available today – the HTC Evo 4G on Sprint – there 's an Android phone for almost every price range and level of use .
So if you are looking to switch to Android or upgrade your existing device , check out our list of all the Android phones available by wireless carrier .
Prices mentioned below are those listed on the website of the carrier , with a two - year contract , except as noted .
For more details on each of these phones , click through to the carrier sites : AT&T , Sprint , T - Mobile and Verizon .
Photo : Android mascot ( Esti / Flickr )
Not drowning but growing ?
( Image : George Steinmetz / Corbis )
AGAINST all the odds , a number of shape - shifting islands in the middle of the Pacific Ocean are standing up to the effects of climate change .
For years , people have warned that the smallest nations on the planet – island states that barely rise out of the ocean – face being wiped off the map by rising sea levels .
Now the first analysis of the data broadly suggests the opposite : most have remained stable over the last 60 years , while some have even grown .
Paul Kench at the University of Auckland in New Zealand and Arthur …
Trying to get honest data from the banking industry regarding the current state of housing is a monumental task .
We are left using multiple data sources to get an accurate picture of the current state of the American housing market .
Even then , we are left trying to piece together data that is largely incomplete .
For example , we now know that banks are delaying foreclosure filings so these do n’t show up in monthly reports .
Next , we have another group of home owners that have stopped paying their mortgages as a strategy .
These points are important but are buried deep in reports .
Yet we can still try to garner information from other sources that will provide a better perspective on the U.S. housing market .
It is safe to say to say that a foreclosure filing is the worse sign of problems for housing .
After all , the first action is taken with a notice of default and this requires at a minimum three missed payments .
If we look at the current rate of foreclosure filings we see very little in the way of improvement :
The above rate will put us at 4 million foreclosure filings for 2010 .
Interestingly enough , we can see that the amount of foreclosures started tracking up in early 2006 .
Even though the actual recession did not start until December of 2007 we have nearly a 22 to 24 month gap between rising foreclosure filings and the actual official start of the recession .
Keep in mind that during 2006 the housing bubble masked some of these problems .
Part of this comes from the inflated prices and a market that still had buyers willing to pay higher prices with easy financing .
Even if a homeowner was behind by 3 payments they were then able to sell it into the momentum of the market .
As prices collapsed , the underlying problems were fully exposed .
Now much of the blame has been put on toxic and trashy mortgage .
No doubt this is the nucleus of the problem and much of this was spurred on by Wall Street and their insatiable appetite for mortgages to put into their exotic mortgage backed securities .
However if we look at HAMP data carefully we will realize that beyond toxic loans , the housing market was running on pure fumes and speculation .
In fact , those going into HAMP modifications have a unique ability to tell the truth as to why they are going into housing distress .
This is a look in between performing loans and non-performing loans :
This is a very telling chart .
The largest reason for hardship is loss of income .
Let us be clear here :
“ The biggest reason people are entering into HAMP loan modifications is loss of income . ”
This is something that the banking industry does n’t want to reveal because it would strike at the core of their argument that loans simply need to be reworked to make things better .
In reality , we need something much more substantial and this will only come from having a healthier economy .
Anyone that lives as a working class or middle class American realizes that the economy is anything but healthy .
The reason foreclosures are near record levels is because the real economy is still struggling with pervasive problems .
If we look at the HAMP data we realize that many loans do n’t qualify because income levels do not work even with this generous program :
Over 3 million delinquent loans are eligible for HAMP .
Of the actual borrowers , there were 1.5 million trial offers extended .
From that , we see that only 340,000 permanent modifications have taken place ( this does n’t reflect the current new foreclosures coming down the pipeline ) .
And many of these will re-default because as we have seen the number one reason for distress is loss of income .
How can someone pay a mortgage if they have no job ?
It is n’t like HAMP strikes at lowering principal :
You ’ll notice that all the help is guided at protecting the banks .
Term extensions and principal forbearance are merely extending the misery for many that ca n’t afford their homes .
Many would be better off renting .
Yet banks want to extract every single penny for their years of horrific mismanagement and their primary cause for the housing bubble .
A principal reduction would force banks to eat the loss and actually have to recognize real losses on their balance sheet .
At the moment , they are happy pretending things are good so they can extract additional money from taxpayers and make billions gambling on Wall Street .
Contrary to things getting better , the call center volume for HAMP is still as active as ever signifying that problems are still at peak levels :
This data is probably the closest we are going to get to having a reason for current housing distress .
Clearly toxic loans are involved here too yet the major theme of this all is that the real economy in a reflection through wages is the absolute major reason for current housing problems .
After all , since the collapse of the mortgage market 95 + percent of all loans are now “ safe ” government backed loans .
Yet problems are still here .
So does n’t it seem unwise and downright illogical to try to get more people to buy if clearly wages and jobs do n’t support this ?
This is why it is absolute nonsense that tax credits and trillions of dollars to the banks were given under the pretense of helping people to buy homes and keep lending activity going .
I ’m sure most average Americans now realize the shell game that is occurring .
The fact that new home sales collapsed last month to a low not even on record keeping data going back to 1963 is not a shock .
It merely suggests that without government tax credits and artificial subsidies the housing market is running on fumes .
This is n’t different from 2005 and 2006 when lenders got more aggressive with going no - doc , no -income , no - nothing , and gave loans to anyone and everyone just to keep the party going .
The market was telling us something else .
Yet here we are in 2010 repeating similar mistakes .
Yet my sense is the overall population is n’t behind all this .
They would like to put their overall feelings about the housing market into words but cannot .
In some markets , home prices remain inflated because of these programs subsidizing the rich while those in poorer to middle class communities subsidize the current wealth transfer .
It is pretty clear that without a strong economy housing is an afterthought .
Spending more and more money with banks is a futile effort and it is no shock that after $ 12 trillion in bailouts and backstops that there is very little to show for everyone else .
If you enjoyed this post click here to subscribe to a complete feed and stay up to date with today ’s challenging market !
Follow us on Twitter !
Futurama X - Men Meld Comment
Jun 11 , 2010
I 've always been shy about sharing my artwork with other people .
It always feels so personal to me , no matter how impersonal the subject matter .
All of my sketchbooks are hidden away for this very reason !
So when I woke up this morning and saw that someone had shared my poster with io9.com and it was beginning to spread around the geekier corners of the internet , I genuinely would have never expected my reaction .
I think it was something like this : " This is the coolest thing that 's ever happened to me omg omg screengrab screengrab bookmark screengrab ! "
I 'm genuinely humbled by all of this positive feedback , all over something I created
More than twelve United States Naval warships and at least one Israeli ship crossed the Suez Canal towards the Red Sea on Friday , British Arabic Language newspaper Al - Quds Al - Arabi reported Saturday .
Open gallery view A U.S. warship .
Credit : Reuters
According to the report , thousands of Egyptian soldiers were deployed along the Suez Canal guarding the ships ' passage , which included a U.S. aircraft carrier .
The Suez Canal is a strategic Egyptian waterway which connects between the Mediterranean Sea and the Red Sea .
According to eyewitnesses , the U.S. battleships were the largest to have crossed the Canal in many years , Al - Quds reported .
Egyptian opposition members have criticized the government for cooperating with the U.S. and Israeli forces and allowing the ships ' passage through Egyptian territorial waters .
They said they viewed the event as Egyptian participation in an international scandal , and added that the opposition would not sit with its arms crossed while the country allowed a fleet of U.S. and Israeli military ships to cross .
Our review copies of Red Dead Redemption have arrived , which means it 's time to get to work on some coverage .
Rockstar sent both a PS3 and a 360 version of the game , and many people are wondering which version to get , so we thought we'd do a quick comparison .
This is non-scientific , but after playing an hour of both games , and switching back and forth between the two systems on our display , it 's clear that the 360 version has quite the graphical advantage .
It 's sharper , with much less aliasing .
The faces of the characters were clearer in the opening section .
Gameplay sections likewise looked better , with smoother graphics across the board .
The PlayStation 3 version looked impressive , but there was a noticeable jump in quality while playing on the 360 .
Keep in mind that the game does n't look bad on the PS3 — not by any stretch — but based on our time with the game and direct comparisons , the 360 version looks better .
If you purchase the PS3 version of the game you 're not going to be let down , but if you have the choice , pick up a copy for the 360 .
Here 's another reason to buy the game for the Xbox 360 : if you dislike playing with strangers , there are 16 Ars Technica members in the game 's thread playing online with the 360 version , compared to three on the PS3 .
If you 're going to be playing , sign up !
Why did we decide to write this post for this particular game ?
It 's rare we get sent both copies of a game , and there has been some discussion about which one to get .
Let us know if this is something you 're interested in seeing in the future , and we 'll try to provide more of it when we can .
RAMALLAH – In an exclusive interview with IPS , Huwaida Arraf , the chairwoman of the Free Gaza ( FG ) movement , which tried to break Israel ’s crippling blockade on Gaza , explains what happened on the night of May 31 when Israeli commandos raided the FG humanitarian flotilla , shooting nine people dead and injuring dozens more .
Controversy surrounds the events following the deadly commando raid , with survivors from among the 700 activists on board the flotilla giving a very different version of events from that of the Israeli government .
Q : Critics have accused FG of deliberately provoking a confrontation with the Israelis and argued that the attempt to break the siege was political and not just a humanitarian relief operation .
A : They are correct to say that FG ’s aim was more than just bringing humanitarian relief .
We are deeply disturbed by Israel ’s deliberate and calculated creation of a humanitarian crisis in the coastal territory and we intended to draw international attention to this .
Huwaida Arraf ( photo by Mel Frykberg )
We are not interested in simply perpetuating the siege and the humanitarian crisis by bringing in aid alone .
Gazans are not interested in being aid - dependent either .
Eighty percent of Gaza ’s population is dependent on food aid .
This is not the result of a natural disaster but a deliberate and cruel Israeli policy .
We are concerned that the human rights of Gazans be respected and they are allowed to live a normal life as human beings .
Q : Did the activists provoke the Israeli commandos into using deadly force ?
A : This is nonsense .
We went out of our way to inform the Israelis that we were an unarmed civilian boat delivering aid , that we presented no threat to them and there was no need to board our vessels .
We explained repeatedly who we were and what our mission was .
Our boats were checked by different security at the various ports of departure and we also hired independent security personnel to verify that we were arms - free .
We were attacked in international waters , in the middle of the night when most people were asleep .
The Israelis used a highly trained naval force , not the coast guard , against unarmed civilians .
Q : But videos show activists beating Israeli navy SEALs with bars .
A : Let ’s not forget the Israelis confiscated all equipment from the media and released selective video footage so as to try and justify their extreme violence .
Furthermore , this was the response of a small number of individuals out of nearly 700 people .
The FG organizers specifically held workshops for passengers prior to departure to explain how to respond in a non-violent way to an attack on the boat .
However , the Israelis attacked first by shooting even before the commandos had boarded .
When such unjustified violence is used against a civilian vessel , in international waters , which poses no threat to Israel ’s security , it is not always possible to control the response of some people who are scared , angry , and who may wish to defend themselves .
Q : You were not on board the Mavi Marmara , where the violence took place .
How do you know the Israelis attacked first ?
A : I was on board Challenger One , which was sailing right next to Mavi Marmara .
I saw the Israeli dinghies surrounding the Mavi Marmara .
I heard the explosions as they started shooting .
They were unable to board because activists trained hoses on them .
This was before the helicopters arrived and the navy SEALs succeeded in boarding .
It was after this that people were shot dead .
Q : Reports are coming out that a number of the dead were shot several times in the head from above .
A : I ’ve heard this too from eyewitness accounts but am awaiting further information .
Q : Activists have also claimed that during the first few hours after the assault the dying and seriously injured were deliberately denied medical treatment .
A : This is true .
Q : The Israelis state that violence was only used against the passengers on the Mavi Marmara who resisted .
Do you agree with this ?
A : This is a lie .
The Israelis used excessive force and violence on all the boats even when no resistance was offered .
Journalists were attacked , some activists were beaten so badly that they needed to be hospitalized when they arrived in Ashdod .
An Israeli commando stood on my head with his boot and ground my head into the deck until I screamed .
I was handcuffed and a hood was put over my head .
Later on in Ashkelon I was hit through the face by a policeman , elbowed in the jaw , and dragged by my hair when I refused to get into a police car .
Q : The Israelis claim that some on board were “ terrorists ” and had ties to “ terrorist ” organizations , including al - Qaeda and Hamas .
What is your response ?
A : This is part of their propaganda and an attempt to discredit FG .
They ca n’t delegitimize the hundreds on board , who included European Union parliamentarians , international journalists , and ordinary citizens from over 40 countries as “ jihadists , ” so they focused on a few individuals .
I do n’t know all of the activists personally , so I do n’t know what their political views are , but the FG is not connected to any political organization .
The Turkish charity Isani Yardim Vakfi , or IHH , which helped organize the flotilla , and had volunteers on board , provides humanitarian aid all over the world .
It has an office in Gaza and probably has to deal with the Hamas authorities there as they are in charge .
So do all the other international NGOs , including the Red Cross and the UN It is just a fact of life in Gaza .
There is no military association .
Q : The Israelis distributed doctored videos which they confiscated from journalists on board , as well as an edited audio tape which they later retracted and corrected .
In the audio an “ activist ” is alleged to tell the Israelis , among other slurs , “ to go back to Auschwitz . ”
What are your comments ?
A : I was near the VHF radio the entire time the captains communicated with the Israelis .
The captains were the only people who spoke with the Israelis apart from myself .
They spoke in a professional manner , and I can confirm none of those slurs were made .
The so - called “ activist ” who made the alleged slurs spoke in a phony American accent from the South .
We had no Americans on board from the South .
They also said I was on board the Mavi Marmara , but I was on the Challenger One .
Furthermore , the Israelis were forced to retract and correct the original tape .
A new one was released five days later , but there are still discrepancies .
Q : Do you believe that despite the bloodshed and loss of life that the FG campaign has helped highlight the humanitarian situation in Gaza ?
A : I believe increased international attention has been drawn to Israel ’s inhumane siege of Gaza and that there will be more pressure on Israel to ease the blockade .
This is part of an overall snowball effect to Israel ’s occupation of the Palestinian territories in general following campaigning by grassroots activists .
This in turn has led to political involvement on an international and diplomatic level .
Q : The Israelis possibly hoped that the extreme force they used would prevent future FG boats trying to reach Gaza .
Have they succeeded ?
A : Quite the opposite , actually .
We have been inundated with people from all over the world , from various organizations , wanting to participate in future flotillas .
People everywhere are outraged by Israel ’s behavior .
Q : What are the future plans of GF ?
A : More boats and bigger flotillas until we break the siege on Gaza completely .
We will be back .
( Inter Press Service )
Istanbul , Turkey ( CNN ) --
Three Turkish Airlines planes carrying 466 activists and nine bodies landed Thursday morning in Istanbul , marking the end of the activists ' involvement in a humanitarian mission to aid Gaza that went tragically awry , an official said .
Their numbers included several wounded people , and their arrival occurred several hours after they departed from Tel Aviv , Israel , Turkish Deputy Prime Minister Bulent Arinc told CNN .
Most of the passengers were Turks , who made up the majority of the activists whose mission to challenge the Israeli blockade and deliver medicines , wheelchairs and building materials to Gaza turned into a bloodbath Monday morning in international waters off Gaza and sparked worldwide recriminations against Israel .
On Wednesday , Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu defended Israel 's actions even as other activists vowed to carry out more such efforts .
Netanyahu said the goal of the international flotilla had been to penetrate Israel 's blockade of Gaza , which he said was needed to halt the shipment of weapons from Iran to militants in Gaza .
Speaking in a nationally televised address , Netanyahu said the state has the responsibility to stop every vessel bound for Gaza , including the flotilla that was targeted Monday .
Were you there ?
Send stories , images
" That was not a love boat .
That was a boat of hatred .
It was not a peaceful flotilla .
The soldiers who boarded the ships were attacked by clubs , batons and knives . "
Netanyahu said that Iran continues to smuggle weapons into Gaza , and that Hamas , which controls the territory , continues to arm itself .
As he spoke , another ship packed with activists and humanitarian supplies sailed defiantly toward the Palestinian territory and another feared confrontation with an Israeli military braced for trouble .
The Rachel Corrie , named for an American activist killed in Gaza several years ago , was expected to arrive late Friday or early Saturday in Gaza .
The vessel left Ireland laden with 550 tons of cement , educational materials , toys and medical equipment -- the latest effort by peace activists to deliver humanitarian goods and break Israel 's blockade of Gaza .
How has the world reacted to the raid ?
The Irish government asked that Israel not interfere with the Irish - owned ship .
But an Israeli government official who spoke on background because of the diplomatic sensitivity of the issue told CNN " the Israeli government is offering to receive the ship 's cargo , as it has offered other vessels , if it docks at [ Israel 's ]
Ashdod port .
The Israeli government will unload the cargo , screen it , and deliver it to Gaza . "
That was the same deal rejected by the flotilla of six ships before Israeli commandos attacked one of them Monday .
But an Israeli government official who spoke on background because of the diplomatic sensitivity of the issue told CNN " the Israeli government is offering to receive the ship 's cargo , as it has offered other vessels , if it docks at [ Israel 's ]
Ashdod port .
The Israeli government will unload the cargo , screen it , and deliver it to Gaza . "
Q&A : Aid and Israel 's Gaza blockade
Free Gaza Movement activist Derek Graham said that the plan was for the Rachel Corrie to be unloaded in Gaza and then return to Ireland .
More such attempts may be on the horizon .
The European Campaign to End Siege on Gaza announced Wednesday it has enough money to fund three more ships in a new fleet to Gaza .
An attempt by Israel to deliver the goods from the flotilla that was stopped Monday was rejected , the Israel Defense Forces said Wednesday .
Palestinian sources confirmed that trucks that arrived from Israel at the Rafah terminal at the Israel - Gaza border were barred from delivering the aid .
Ra'ed Fatooh , in charge of the crossings , and Jamal Khudari , head of a committee against the Gaza blockade , laid out the following conditions for the aid to be accepted : Israel must release all flotilla detainees , and representatives of the Free Gaza Movement , which organized the flotilla , must deliver it .
Israel had released all foreign flotilla detainees by Wednesday , but four Israeli Arabs remained in custody .
The commando raid that led to the deaths of nine people and the wounding of many more early Monday continued to draw international condemnation Wednesday , sparking outrage in the streets of capitals across the world .
Demonstrators also decried Israel 's ongoing blockade of Gaza .
The Carter Center in the United States , founded by former U.S. President Jimmy Carter to advance human rights and alleviate suffering , condemned the attack as " unprovoked and illegal . "
" These tragic deaths are a terrible reminder that the failed policy of besieging Gaza mainly hurts civilians , " Carter said Wednesday in a statement .
He called on the International Quartet comprising the United States , the European Union , the United Nations and Russia to " urgently agree on a mechanism to end the closure of Gaza , reunite the Palestinian factions , and permit unification of Palestinian people in their social and political life . "
In Nicaragua , Managua announced it was suspending relations with Israel .
In Saudi Arabia , the Organization of Islamic Conference , a group representing Muslim nations , was to discuss the incident at the Foreign Ministry level .
" For years , many in the international community have been complicit in a policy that aimed at isolating Gaza in the hope of weakening Hamas , " said the International Crisis Group , the think tank that denounced the Israeli action .
" This policy is morally appalling and politically self - defeating .
It has harmed the people of Gaza without loosening Hamas ' control .
Yet it has persisted regardless of evident failure . "
Turkey officials , who saw their citizens among Monday 's casualties , were seething .
The country 's prime minister launched strong rhetoric against the Jewish state -- a onetime close ally -- and its ambassador has been yanked from Tel Aviv .
Turkish officials have called for Israel to end the Gaza blockade .
In the first known military fallout from the action , a U.S. official said Turkey will cancel a trilateral military exercise with the United States and Israel set for August in the eastern Mediterranean Sea .
Attorneys for a Muslim humanitarian group have filed a petition asking Turkish prosecutors to sue Israel for murder .
The Gaza problem is setting off security alarms and stirring moral consternation among many Israelis , who see themselves torn over how to approach the issues in that territory .
Many among Israel 's government and citizenry are concerned that lifting the blockade will allow militant groups intent on staging attacks against Israelis to replenish their stocks of weapons .
At the same time , many Israelis have long been disturbed about the dire living conditions in Gaza .
The Israeli state attorney general 's office , in a response to the High Court on two petitions regarding the flotilla , defended the Israeli actions Wednesday .
It said the " Hamas terrorist organization " controls Gaza and is intent on deliberately assaulting civilians .
As a result , Israel has worked to thwart the infiltration of weapons and ordnance from tunnels between Egypt and Gaza and has imposed a naval blockade on Gaza to stop the weapons smuggling .
" The blockade is not intended to harm residents of the Strip , " the office said .
" It is designed to prevent direct and free access to the Gaza Strip , not via Israel , in order to thwart , minimize , block and hinder the Gaza Strip from becoming a giant arsenal for the terrorist organizations to use in deliberately targeting Israelis in the framework of murderous terrorist actions that have been perpetrated over the years . "
After Monday 's attack , the Israeli government detained around 600 flotilla passengers and held them at the Beer Sheva prison .
On Wednesday , all foreign detainees had been taken to Ben Gurion Airport for flights to their various homes .
Four Israeli Arab activists on the flotilla , however , remained in Israeli custody ; a judge on Monday night remanded them until June 8 .
As for the Rachel Corrie , the Free Gaza Movement said customs officials and a senator from the Irish Green Party inspected the vessel and found no weapons .
Five Irish and six Malaysians were on the boat , whose paid crew included a Briton , a Cuban and six Filipinos .
The IDF on Wednesday released a 2½ - minute edited video that it said was shot from cameras aboard one of the boats .
A time stamp on the silent video shows its first scenes beginning at 9:36 p.m. Sunday and its final scenes ending at 5:04 a.m.
Monday , when the IDF says the " rioters initiate confrontation with IDF soldiers . "
At one point , the video shows about 10 people milling about on the deck ; then shows them wearing life jackets .
Several of the people are carrying what appear to be poles .
The video is covered by an English - language written description of what the Israelis say is going on -- including the assertion that some of the people depicted are holding slingshots and metal poles and that one is holding a broken bottle .
But the video quality is poor and those statements could not be independently confirmed .
Several of the people appear to don gas masks .
At one point , a person appears to throw something off the ship .
No IDF soldiers can be seen .
Asked about possible additional footage confiscated by the IDF from the activists , the IDF did not respond .
The video can be seen at http://ht.ly/17ACaW
CNN 's Yesim Comert and Jill Dougherty contributed to this story from Istanbul .
I believe we can all agree on the root cause of the state ’s $ 20 - billion budget gap .
It ’s welfare : all those millions of taxpayer dollars going to recipients who line up for their government handouts instead of competing in the marketplace on a level playing field like the rest of us , who do n’t pay their fair share of taxes and who get protected by a politically powerful lobby .
Yes , I ’m talking about the business community .
FOR THE RECORD :
Hiltzik column : Michael Hiltzik ’s column in Sunday ’s Business section says that $ 1 billion in revenue from a state oil severance tax would benefit 1 billion children in the CalWORKS program .
As indicated elsewhere in the column , the correct figure is more than 1 million children . —
For all the hand - wringing by Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger about how there ’s almost nothing left to cut in the state budget except services to children , the aged and the destitute , hundreds of millions of dollars are spent every year on handouts to business .
That ’s despite the lack of evidence that some of these programs keep employers in the state , lure employers from out of state or are cost - effective in any general way .
The governor is asking the Legislature to take such draconian steps as eliminating CalWORKS , the state ’s principal family welfare program ( serving 1.1 million children ) , and downsizing child care and mental health programs .
Meanwhile , corporate welfare programs such as tax breaks for some of our largest companies and “ incentives ” for our largest industries are to survive .
To his credit , Schwarzenegger has proposed delaying some new corporate tax breaks .
The state budget is rife with industry goodies .
For example , there ’s the Hollywood subsidy , currently pegged at $ 100 million a year in tax credits .
The rationale for this welfare program is to keep productions from fleeing to other states , taking California jobs with them .
But you could go blind looking for an independent study , as opposed to studies funded by the state film commissions handing out the dough , showing that such programs produce more in overall benefits than they cost .
Quite the contrary — according to Governing magazine , New Mexico , which had aggressively courted producers with $ 40 million in tax rebates , concluded in 2008 that for every dollar it spent , it received 14.4 cents in return .
No one knows to what extent the production companies pocketing California ’s cash would have filmed here anyway .
And the program is hardly aimed at companies on the financial edge — as my colleague Richard Verrier reported recently , $ 20 million is going to pictures being shot here this year by Warner Bros .
The money is n’t allocated according to need but on a first - come , first - served basis among qualified productions , the California Film Commission says .
In other words , it ’s more a windfall for the nimblest applicants than a program targeted at productions most likely to leave without it .
The biggest state incentives are attached to enterprise zones , which cost as much as $ 500 million a year in forgone taxes .
Businesses locating within any of 42 designated zones across the state can apply for tax credits and other bounties for hiring unemployed or low - income workers .
But there ’s a vigorous debate over whether the program increases employment .
A study published last year by the Public Policy Institute of California found “ no statistically significant effect on employment ” from the program .
That has n’t moved its influential fans .
The California Chamber of Commerce , which was last seen electioneering for Pacific Gas & Electric ’s Proposition 16 , thinks enterprise zones are great .
For proof , it relies on two studies from 2006 .
It fails to mention that the author of one of them , the late Ted K. Bradshaw of UC Davis , had received funding for some of his work from the California Assn. of Enterprise Zones , which is a bit like my obtaining a character reference from my mother .
The chamber quotes Bradshaw as concluding that California ’s program is “ probably the most successful in the nation . ”
But it does n’t say he also found that two - thirds of the growth in the zones would have occurred anyway , or that no “ definitive study ” had been conducted to nail down the “ impact of the zones on local economic development . ”
In other words , while we know that children have to eat and get medical care , we do n’t know for sure that businesses need the half - billion - dollar annual tax break they get from enterprise zones .
So why is the former expendable and the latter a sacred cow ?
As for the other 2006 study , it found that for households within enterprise zones , poverty rates were lower and incomes higher than in the rest of the state .
But that measure applies to households within the zones , not employees of zone - based companies , which are by no means the same thing , according to Jed Kolko , an author of the critical Public Policy Institute of California survey .
The chief mechanism for corporate welfare in California is the tax system .
Some industries whacked hard by other states are untouched by California — this is the only major oil - producing state that does n’t levy a severance tax on oil taken from the ground , even though such a tax could yield billions of dollars a year .
Despite this state ’s reputation for being tough on business , other states rely far more on business taxes than we do .
According to a survey by the accounting firm Ernst & Young , California ranked 35th in terms of business ’ share of state and local taxes in 2007 .
( That is , in 33 other states and the District of Columbia , business carried a higher burden relative to individual taxpayers than in California . )
Measured by business taxes as a percentage of gross state product , California ranked 32nd .
The business lobby loves to cite California ’s high corporate income tax rate as emblematic of our negative business climate , but that ’s cherry - picking — in this state the income tax ranks high as a percentage of total business taxation because the property tax is so low , accounting for a lower percentage of total taxation than in 44 other states .
None of this means that business incentives are necessarily bad or that some may not indeed promote job growth .
But the budget disaster requires every program to be measured against competing priorities , and corporate welfare has n’t gotten enough scrutiny .
What could we do with all that money ?
The $ 100 million spent on Hollywood could maintain any of several Medi-Cal benefits the governor proposes to cut .
The $ 500 million spent on enterprise zones could save half of CalWORKS , and $ 1 billion from a severance tax could save all of it , benefiting a billion children .
Eliminate some of these questionable programs , and more could be spent on the schools and the universities .
We ’re constantly being told that in these straitened times , we need to make hard choices .
So where should our money go — to Warner Bros. , to the membership of the Chamber of Commerce , or to the schools , the poor and the sick ?
Michael Hiltzik ’s column appears Sundays and Wednesdays .
Reach him at mhiltzik@latimes.com , read past columns at https://www.latimes.com/hiltzik, check out https://www.facebook.com/hiltzik, and follow @latimeshiltzik on Twitter .
Image caption Faith schools already control their admissions
The Catholic Church in England has told its schools it would be " unwise " for them to apply for academy status .
The government has written to all schools in England inviting them to become academies - billed as independent state schools .
The Church of England has said it would not object to its schools seeking academy status .
About one third of schools in England are faith schools and most of those are Christian .
The Catholic Education Service has written to 2,000 Catholic schools , advising " great caution " on academies .
Chief executive Oona Stannard said under the plans , land and property of an existing school would transfer to new academy trusts .
Much of the land and buildings of Catholic voluntary schools are owned by church dioceses or religious orders .
They would be unlikely to agree to give up these assets , said Ms Stannard .
At the moment , Catholic schools receive 90 % of their funding from the state and 10 % from church funds .
They already have some of the freedoms being offered by the government to schools which want to become academies , such as control over their admissions .
Uncertain future
Ms Stannard warned : " The funding opportunities may initially seem attractive to schools but remember there is , as yet , little precise detail on this and the payment of our 10 % to capital costs at present buys our sector a degree of valuable independence along the lines of " he who pays the piper calls the tune " .
" We would be very unwise to trade this for an uncertain future and a higher level of risk . "
Schools opting for academy status will receive a budget uplift of about 10 % - money normally kept back by local authorities to provide special services such as help for children with special educational needs , admissions and provision for excluded pupils .
The Church of England is less cautious about the academies plan and has yet to give guidance to its schools .
We would not object to Church of England schools taking up the opportunity to convert to academy status Church of England spokesman
Its education chiefs have been talking to Education Secretary Michael Gove .
A spokesman for the Church of England said : " We broadly support the purposes of the Academies Bill , but there are some technical concerns about elements of the proposals .
" We would not object to Church of England schools taking up the opportunity to convert to academy status , but we would encourage them to consider carefully questions such as whether academy status will directly benefit students and their families , and whether becoming an academy might undermine equitable distribution of resources to other schools .
" We anticipate that many local Church of England dioceses will grant conditional approval to schools seeking to convert , with governance conditions being set out to guarantee that the school will continue to develop a Christian ethos . "
The bill which will pave the way for schools to become academies is currently in the House of Lords .
It is expected to become law before MPs break for the summer , the idea being that some top schools could become academies in the autumn .
Mr Gove has said 1,700 schools have so far expressed an interest in becoming an academy .
Schools judged by Ofsted to be " outstanding " will be the first to transfer .
Slice of SciFi has just learned that Peter Jackson is currently in negotiations with three unnamed studios ( no doubt New Line is one ) to take over the director ’s chair for the two upcoming “ Hobbit ” movies that will act as prequels to Jackson ’s critically acclaimed and highly successful box office – The Lord of the Rings Trilogy .
Recently famed director Guillermo del Toro ( “ Hellboy ” ) stepped away from the project as director citing creative differences with studio heads but has stayed on as consulting screenwriter .
Jackson already serves as producer for the two films .
More to come as we have it .
North Korea 's World Cup coach Kim Jong - hun was happy to talk about absolutely anything on Monday , as long as questions did not involve politics , regional tensions and leaders , Great or Dear .
" Please , can you ask only football - related questions , " pleaded FIFA press officer Gordon Glenn Watson .
" There will be no responses to political questions . "
Bizarre answers ... North Korea coach Kim Jong - hun Credit: AFP
The first question was comfortable enough for coach Kim Jong - hun .
It concerned the fitness of his squad ahead of their World Cup opener against five - time champions Brazil on Tuesday .
It 's Pat : The Movie
The comedic misadventures of a person of indeterminate gender .
Rolling Back Prices at the Paris Metro
Government uses the enormous wealth it extracts through coercion to establish monopolies for itself or for its favored private profiteers .
But prices can still be driven down using creative competition .
In 1844 , American libertarian Lysander Spooner established a private mail delivery service to challenge the government - supported monopoly .
His American Letter Mail Company delivered mail much cheaper than the government service could .
The competition his company offered drove down federal postal rates until the government used legal measures to force him out of business in 1851 .
Thus the federal monopoly on mail production was secured by threat of government force .
Since then government , sometimes working with favored corporations , have monopolized transportation systems .
Since it is usually not practical to build a competing subway line or road ( even if the government actually did allow it ) , the problem might be best addressed by realizing that the trains belong the people anyway – they were built and maintained by wealth taken with the backing of government force , administered by the most powerful interests in society .
In Paris , subway fare dodgers have devised an ingenious method of competing against the government subway system .
They offer an alternative method of price collecting .
Essentially , insurance funds for fare dodgers have been established .
Henry Chu reports in the LA Times that for approximately $ 8.50 a month , an individual can participate in a fund that will pay your fine if you are caught dodging fares .
At least one such group has been operating for years and several funds are now operational in Paris .
By contrast , a legal monthly pass costs about $ 74 , and a single ride about $ 2 , with fare increases scheduled for the near future .
While it seems unlikely that the government will respond by cutting overhead costs and lowering fares anytime soon , the insurance groups do reduce prices for those who participate in them .
And unlike government , which forces people to obey the terms set by those who have politically maneuvered themselves to the top , the funds operate on the terms of those who choose to participate .
Those who forcibly monopolize things are n’t your friends .
Cheating them means that wealth you would have given to a rigid coercive bureaucracy can instead be used on more productive things – like creating the organizations for a future of freedom .
Of course the success of such a venture would depend on the cultural context .
At the least , one would need an idea of what kind of crackdowns the public will tolerate .
Chu says that fare payers he interviewed were generally not concerned with efforts to cheat the system , and some even expressed support .
Other lessons can be drawn from the Paris experience .
Whether or not the creators of fare - dodging funds have sound economic principles in mind , their experience shows that the concept of mutual insurance , not dependent on large top - down firms , can function at least on some level .
Bold entrepreneurs could create fine insurance or even arrest insurance for those who operate counter to the establishment economy .
And those who prefer other methods can compete against state services in less risky ways like carpooling networks or encouraging bicycle - friendly roads .
Wherever the state tries to exert control , there will be resistance or evasion .
A society that functions by including people as equals , rather than by forcibly trying to arrange life according to the policy of the powerful , will be a society that centers on mutual benefit , not on power struggles .
In resistance to authority we can see the freedom of tomorrow enacted today .
Spreading anarchist principles can turn resistance into consistent action toward true liberty .
It 's hard to think of a figure in public life even roughly comparable in stature to Michael Ignatieff .
British people often know him as the Booker prize - nominated novelist , academic - celebrity and host of the highbrow - ish Late Show .
His contentious theories on nationalism and democracy feature on politics students ' required reading lists .
And , for a brief period just over a year ago , he was the man hailed as " Canada 's Obama " , an impossibly charismatic and heavyweight political leader , set to recreate Canada 's 1968 golden era of Trudeau - mania , his gravitas and glamour blasting away Stephen Harper 's gloomy and John Major - ish reign over a minority Conservative government .
Now , it looks like he may not last the year as Liberal party leader , and speculation in the Canadian press has implied that even the Liberal party – one of the two , historic national parties – may disappear itself .
Earlier this month , a former aide to Ignatieff revealed that the party had held talks to merge with the NDP , the other main progressive party in opposition to Harper 's Conservatives .
More than simply a coalition to oust the Tories , this would entail the disappearance of the Liberal party itself .
And while one of the preconditions of the merger talks was apparently that Ignatieff remain leader of any new Liberal - NDP party , Ignatieff 's grip seems to be slipping on his old , existing party .
To much embarrassment , a recent poll revealed that Ignatieff currently ranks third among voters ' choices for Liberal party leader .
It seems that perhaps , among his many guises and achievements , Ignatieff has failed to be something meaningful for Canadians themselves .
Beyond the celebrity - intellectual buzz his turn to politics received abroad , Ignatieff 's failure to connect with his constituency emerged early on .
There was an undeniable aura of arrogance in his announcement that he'd returned to Canada after almost 30 years abroad , because " his party needed him " , and the Conservatives ran attack - ads mocking Ignatieff 's return as " just visiting " .
In 2005 , his campaign for a parliamentary seat was marred by derogatory comments Ignatieff had written about Ukrainians in his book Blood and Belonging – that " Ukrainian independence conjures up images of embroidered peasant shirts , the nasal whine of ethnic instruments , phoney Cossacks in cloaks and boots , nasty antisemites " .
Ignatieff claimed the quotes were taken out of context as part of a Conservative smear campaign .
But his writing on identity draws a sharp , value - loaded distinction between ethnic and civic nationalism , claiming only the latter is compatible with liberal democracy ( a position that becomes harder to maintain in the face of xenophobia perpetuated in the name of " civic " nationalism – rising French Islamophobia and Turkish exclusivism spring to mind ) .
At times it seems that Ignatieff wants to be leader of Canada while dictating to the nation the " right way " for them to feel Canadian .
In this way , the comparison with Pierre Trudeau was always misplaced , even more so than the comparisons with academic - turned - charismatic - politician , Obama .
Unlike Ignatieff , Trudeau 's popularity was n't imported from his stature abroad , and even his detractors on issues like bilingualism recognised his effective leadership skills .
What is likely hurting Ignatieff now is that he is n't losing to a worthy opponent , or even to a sweeping change of popular sentiment , he 's just losing .
The internal problems of the Liberal party have n't increased the popularity of the Conservatives , and Stephen Harper 's minority government continues to hang on by the skin of its teeth .
The media are beginning a summer game of " leadership death watch " , placing bets on both Ignatieff and Harper .
For both party leaders to go may be exactly what Canada needs to move forward after the stagnation of the minority government years .
And Ignatieff will never be short of offers in his capacity as celebrity - intellectual – particularly outside of Canada .
A flyover of Belize 's thick jungles has revolutionized archaeology worldwide and vividly illustrated the complex urban centers developed by one of the most - studied ancient civilizations -- the Maya .
University of Central Florida researchers led a NASA - funded research project in April 2009 that collected the equivalent of 25 years worth of data in four days .
Aboard a Cessna 337 , LiDAR ( Light Detection and Ranging ) equipment bounced laser beams to sensors on the ground , penetrating the thick tree canopy and producing images of the ancient settlement and environmental modifications made by the inhabitants of the Maya city of Caracol within 200 square kilometers ( 77 square miles ) .
UCF anthropology professors Arlen and Diane Chase have directed archaeological excavations at Caracol for more than 25 years .
The hard work of machete - wielding research scientists and students has resulted in the mapping of some 23 square kilometers ( 9 square miles ) of ancient settlement .
The NASA technology aboard the Cessna saw beyond the rainforest and detected thousands of new structures , 11 new causeways , tens of thousands of agricultural terraces and many hidden caves -- results beyond anyone 's imagination .
The data also confirm the size of the city ( spread over 177 square kilometers or 68 square miles ) and corroborate the Chases ' previous estimates for the size of the population ( at least 115,000 people in A.D. 650 ) .
Until now , Maya archeologists have been limited in exploring large sites and understanding the full nature of ancient Maya landscape modifications because most of those features are hidden within heavily forested and hilly terrain and are difficult to record .
LiDAR effectively removes these obstacles .
advertisement
" It 's very exciting , " said Arlen Chase .
" The images not only reveal topography and built features , but also demonstrate the integration of residential groups , monumental architecture , roadways and agricultural terraces , vividly illustrating a complete communication , transportation and subsistence system . "
UCF Biology Professor John Weishampel designed the unique LiDAR approach .
He has been using lasers to study forests and other vegetation for years , but this was the first time this specific technology fully recorded an archeological ruin under a tropical rainforest .
" Further applications of airborne LiDAR undoubtedly will vastly improve our understanding of ancient Maya settlement patterns and landscape use , as well as effectively render obsolete traditional methods of surveying , " Chase said .
The images taken at the end of the dry season in Belize last April took about 24 hours of flight time to capture and then three weeks to analyze by remote sensing experts from the University of Florida .
Now Caracol 's entire landscape can be viewed in 3 - D , and that already offers new clues that promise to expand current understanding of how the Maya were able to build such a huge empire and what may have caused its destruction .
" The ancient Maya designed and maintained sustainable cities long before ' building green ' became a modern term , " said Diane Chase , who has worked as co-director of the Caracol Archaeological Project beside her husband for the past 25 years .
Her conclusion is based on the extensive agricultural terracing LiDAR revealed .
In addition to the UCF researchers , partners include Jason Drake with the U.S. Forest Service in Tallahassee and an adjunct professor at UCF ; Ramesh Shrestha , K. Slatton and William Carter of the National Center for Airborne Laser Mapping ; and Jaime Awe , director of the Institute of Archaeology in Belize .
Much more powerful information is anticipated from the data collected .
UCF 's Weishampel said rainforests play an important role in understanding and managing global warming today .
The team 's results also give him a snapshot of forest vegetation in that part of the world and how it was influenced by land - use practices 1,000 years ago .
This may help scientists understand past human - environment interactions and changes that should be made today .
More information about the Caracol Archaeological Project can be found at : http://www.caracol.org/
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Thursday , May 27 , 2010
The shadowy design firm that was behind the infamous Hardin Montana jail is pushing to build detention camps across America , with the latest proposal centering around a fifty acre , five hundred bed facility in Italy , Texas , part of a program that many Americans fear is based around a plan to intern political dissidents in the event of a national emergency .
Private prison development firm Corplan Corrections , headed up by an individual called James Parkey , is working with underwriter Municipal Capitol Markets Group , along with prison “ consultant ” Richard Reyes from Innovative Government Strategies , an outfit that works with state and local government , to oversee multiple projects concentrated in different states including Arizona and Texas .
Their latest project is focused around constructing a “ detention center for illegal immigrants ” based in Italy , Texas .
The Italy City Council heard Parkey ’s proposals last week to build a “ gorilla proof facility with a fence , ” that would be used as a “ processing center ” .
The company was also behind the infamous internment facility in Hardin Montana , which attracted national media attention when responsibility for its security was handed to a mysterious paramilitary organization called American Police Force , which was fronted by career criminal and a convicted fraudster Michael Hilton , who operated under no less than 17 different aliases .
The group was also behind controversial plans to build a detention facility on Tohono O’odham Nation land near Sahuarita , Arizona .
Parkey also attempted to convince the Benson City Council to build a detention camp in that part of Arizona earlier this month .
Parkey ’s efforts to oversee three separate jail deals with Texas counties failed following insufficient funds being made available to run the facilities , and in 2005 , “ Three Texas county commissioners were convicted on bribery charges in connection to one of those Parkey - led projects , ” reports TPM .
The only stumbling block that Parkey has repeatedly run into when trying to convince local authorities to accept his proposals to build the camps is the lack of prisoners to fill them .
Indeed , critics have accused him of fleecing desperate small communities with promises of jobs and economic development that never come to fruition , leaving empty jails and financial black holes .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
{openx:49}
But should the federal government and Homeland Security activate its “ ENDGAME ” scenario in response to a declared national emergency , illegal aliens , as well as “ potential terrorists ” will be rounded up and imprisoned in detention camps that the Feds themselves , not just private companies , have been building over the course of the last decade .
Back in January 2006 , we reported on how Homeland Security had awarded Halliburton subsidiary Kellogg , Brown and Root a $ 385 million dollar contract to construct detention and processing facilities in the event of a national emergency .
The language of the preamble to the agreement veils the program with talk of temporary migrant holding centers , as is the case with the Corplan proposals , but it is made clear that the camps will also be used “ as the development of a plan to react to a national emergency . ”
The stated purpose of the detention camps , to hold illegal aliens , is routinely cited , yet continuity of government plans clearly indicate that the facilities will have a dual purpose – to hold political dissidents and American citizens in the event of a declaration of martial law .
Veteran author Peter Dale Scott characterized the Halliburton contract as another step towards martial law .
As Scott points out , the camps will also be used to “ support the rapid development of new programs , ” which more specifically relates to a longer term Homeland Security operation entitled ENDGAME , which sets its goal as the removal of not only illegal aliens but also “ potential terrorists ” .
As we have illustrated , in documents like the MIAC report and a plethora of others , federal authorities define American citizens who are even mildly political , own guns , or support third party candidates as potential terrorists .
“ The contract calls for a response to “ an emergency influx of immigrants , or to support the rapid development of new programs ” in the event of other emergencies , such as “ a natural disaster . ”
“ New programs ” is of course a term with no precise limitation .
So , in the current administration , is ENDGAME ’s goal of removing “ potential terrorists , ” writes Scott , adding that former Attorney General John Ashcroft called for the construction of internment camps for American citizens deemed to be “ enemy combatants ” .
Other agencies of the federal government have also been busy trying to build detention camps over the course of the last decade .
In 2002 , FEMA sought bids from major real estate and engineering firms to construct giant internment facilities in the case of a chemical , biological or nuclear attack or a natural disaster .
In February 2003 , Okanogan County Commissioner Dave Schulz went public with his contention that his county was set to be a location for one of the camps .
Alex Jones has attended numerous military urban warfare training drills across the US where role players were used to simulate arresting American citizens and taking them to internment camps .
Whether these detention camps will be bossed by private paramilitary security forces , agents of the federal government , or a combination of the two is largely immaterial .
What should concern all Americans is the fact that the camps are being constructed at all and that under new legal arguments being re-applied by President Obama , Americans can be abducted and held without trial in such facilities under the enemy combatant designation .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Sometimes good things do happen .
Both the National Organization for Marriage and the Mormons lost today .
Both losses were related to spending on marriage equality referenda .
First , Gerald at DirigoBlue on NOM :
This morning , the National Organization for Marriage ( NOM ) lost its appeal of a 1st District Court ruling requiring it to turn over information on its donors to the Maine Ethics Commission .
NOM was order to turn over the names by Magistrate Judge John Rich in May .
NOM is the Mormon front group that donated $ 1.9 million in a successful effort last year to overturn Maine ’s law that would have allowed same - sex couples to marry .
The Appeals Court found that the documents requested by the Ethics Commission do not violate 1st Amendment guarantees , nor does that request impose a “ significant risk of chill . ”
Further , the Court found : Moreover , Appellees [ NOM ] have a compelling interest in defending Maine ’s election laws against charges of unconstitutionality …
In this case , that interest extends to review of the documents in question .
In framing some of their underlying constitutional challenges to Maine ’s election laws , Appellant - Petitioners have made relevant the issue of whether NOM has as one its primary purposes the influencing of ballot questions and / or candidate elections .
We conclude that the materials in question have the potential to be highly relevant to that issue , and we see no less restrictive means for Appellees to probe the issue than by reviewing the materials under the auspices of the strict protective order to which Appellees have consented .
MPBN reports that NOM will appeal this ruling to the SCOTUS .
And , from the Sacramento Bee ’s Capitol Alert on the Mormons :
It ’s 2010 and celebrity obsessions run high .
Who came first the pornstar or the celebrity ?
Either way , these ladies make me look twice .
There is something exciting and taboo about watching what looks to be my favorite celeb slobbering on a big cock or spreading her ass cheeks and shaking it .
I find something especially delightful in these pornstar celebrity resemblances .
Perhaps it ’s because I ’m easily entertained , or perhaps it ’s because I ’m a lover of all things porn .
Regardless I think you ’ll enjoy these edible doppelgangers too… .
Madonna and Nina Hartley
I ’m pretty certain that Madonna eats anything she fucks and that Nina Hartley does not .
With that aside these too are pretty similar .
With only one year apart in age , blond hair , big blue eyes and ripe ( ish ) bosoms these two MILFS share a delectable resemblance .
Hell , I would n’t say no .
Rihanna and Lavish Styles
Ever wish there was a Rihanna sex tape ?
I did n’t until I saw the areolas on Lavish Styles ; it ’s like watching Rihanna with really great areolas .
Even with their tops on I find they ’re similar looking , both striking and incredibly sexy !!
Britney Spears and Teagan Presley
I miss the days when Britney was tight .
Britto’s let herself go lately so I was kind enough to pluck a picture of her via 2006 to compare to the STILL tight Teagan Presley .
The two share more than looks as both Britney and Teagan are both Divorcee MILFS .
Got a thing for Britney via four years ago ?
Then you should check out Teagan in action ( oh baby , baby )
Nicole Kidman and Diane Deluna
I ’m not a crazy Nicole Kidman fan and I ’m pretty sure you can see her sexin ’ in some Hollywood films already .
Regardless , discovering former glamour model and current pornstar Diane Deluna was still pretty exciting
Katy Perry and Violet Erotica
I ’d have to say Katie Perry is cute like a bunny .
Notice how her porn twin Violet Erotica is wearing a bunny costume ?
Coincidence ?
I think NOT !!
It ’s like Violet Erotica read my mind .
Carrie Underwood and Jessica Drake
Numerous AVN award winner Jessica Drake is like a sexier , most interesting Carrie Underwood .
Is that really difficult though ?
Sara Jessica Parker and Sara Jessie
I ’m a firm believer that Sarah Jessica parker looks like a Lassie dog ( a collie to be correct ) .
Even so , she ’s the sexiest collie I ’ve ever seen .
Sara ’s pornstar lookalike , Sara Jessie , has very similar features to Mrs. Parker .
From the unique nose to the honey blond hair …apparently there is room for two sexy collies in this world .
Arf !
Savings Salvoes Merkel Defends Herself Against Criticism from Washington
Does Germany 's savings plan threaten to disrupt the fragile economic recovery in Europe and elsewhere in the world ?
In an interview with a German public broadcaster on Thursday morning , German Chancellor Angela Merkel said she had rejected such criticism from US President Barack Obama .
Players taking to the pitch for the World Cup games in South Africa may want to pack some extra equipment in addition to shinguards , cleats and jerseys : earplugs .
The earplugs will protect against the aural assault of vuvuzelas .
The plastic horns are a South African cultural phenomenon that that when played by hundreds or thousands of fans , sounds like a giant , angry swarm of hornets amplified to a volume that would make Ozzy Osbourne flinch .
South African fans play the horns to spur their favorite players into action on the field .
“ It ’s really loud , ” says John Nauright , professor of sports management at George Mason University and the author of “ Long Run to Freedom : Sport , Cultures and Identities in South Africa . ”
“ You can walk around with a pretty massive headache if you ’re not wearing earplugs . ”
A study in the South African Medical Journal released earlier this year said fans subjected to the vuvuzela swarm were exposed to a deafening peak of more than 140 decibels , equivalent to standing near a jet engine .
The South African Association of Audiologists has warned they can damage hearing .
Noisemakers at soccer matches have a long history .
Drums and chants are favored in countries like Brazil , where one of the popular teams has about two dozen distinct chants or anthems .
Wooden rattles began making a racket at British soccer games in the early 1900s , a tradition that continued until the 1960s when fans began to chant and sing instead .
Now there are dozens of new songs and chants seemingly every week .
Some are adaptations of popular songs or old hymns .
Some are profane taunts of their opponents .
Thundersticks emerged in Korea in the 1990s and provided the booming background for the 2002 World Cup in that country .
( Thundersticks also made a brief appearance in the United States , most notably during the Anaheim Angels ’ playoff run during the 2002 Major League Baseball postseason . )
In South Africa over the past decade , the plastic horns have become an integral part of the choreography at matches and the culture of the sport .
When South Africa won its bid to host the World Cup in May 2004 , Nelson Mandela and others celebrated with vuvuzelas .
More than 20,000 were sold that day .
It ’s not just loud , but cheap ( they cost about $ 7 ) , and it has become ubiquitous at South African soccer matches .
The official marketing company for the horns says it has received orders for more than 600,000 in recent months .
“ This is our voice , ” Chris Massah Malawai told a South African newspaper earlier this year while watching the national team , Bafana Bafana ( The Boys , The Boys ) , play .
“ We sing through it .
It makes me feel the game . ”
After the 2009 Confederations Cup soccer matches in South Africa , FIFA , the governing body for the World Cup , received complaints from multiple European broadcasters and a few coaches and players who wanted the vuvuzela banned .
Fans on both sides argued heatedly on soccer blogs and web sites .
Facebook pages both to ban the instruments and support them sprang up .
One opponent in a South African newspaper suggested opening the World Cup with a vuvuzela bonfire .
Others staunchly defended their beloved instruments .
“ The vuvuzela is in our blood and is proudly South African , ” one wrote in a Facebook discussion .
“ They should leave us alone .
It ’s like banning the Brazilians from doing the samba . ”
During a friendly match between South Africa and Colombia two weeks before the World Cup , officials tested noise levels at the 90,000 - seat Soccer City Stadium in Johannesburg and announced there would be no ban .
The horns , FIFA officials said , were too much a part of the South African tradition to silence them .
“ It ’s a local sound , and I do n’t know how it is possible to stop it , ” Joseph S. Blatter , FIFA ’s president , told reporters .
“ I always said that when we go to South Africa , it is Africa .
It ’s not Western Europe .
It ’s noisy , it ’s energy , rhythm , music , dance , drums .
This is Africa .
We have to adapt a little . ”
The horn began showing up at matches in Soweto in the 1990s between the Kaizer Chiefs and the Orlando Pirates , rivals and the two most popular South African teams .
Kaizer Motaung , a South African who played in the North American Soccer League in the mid-1970s , founded the Chiefs and began promoting the horn .
The vuvuzela was introduced at their games in the 1990s with gold horns for Chiefs ’ fans and black or white for Pirates ’ fans .
“ The [ two teams ] have a huge following all over the country , ” Nauright says .
“ In fact , that game is probably still more watched than the Bafana Bafana , when the national team plays . ”
Playing the horns to encourage teams to the attack became part of the culture , a way for fans to express themselves , much the way South American soccer fans drum during games .
“ There is a grass roots organic culture out of the townships using soccer as a way to be creative in a society that oppressed people on a daily basis , ” Nauright says .
In Cape Town , a music educator , Pedro Espi-Sanchis , created a vuvuzela orchestra in 2006 that plays regularly at matches of the Bloemfontein Celtic club .
Some of the songs are set to dancing and singing .
“ For guys who know how to play it really well , you have a technique , almost like a didgeridoo .
You use the tongue to make different sounds , ” Nauright says .
The origin of the vuvuzela is murky .
Nauright explains that some people have promoted it as a modern incarnation of the traditional kudu horn used to call villagers to gatherings .
But he also says horns were used in Cape Town and Johannesburg to call customers to fish carts .
Early versions were made of aluminum or tin .
It was n’t until a manufacturer , Masincedane Sport , received a grant in 2001 to supply soccer stadiums with plastic horns that it exploded in popularity .
Now , they ’re inescapable .
The only other country where horns are heard so extensively at soccer matches is Mexico .
And guess what ?
South Africa and Mexico meet in the World Cup opener .
“ It ’s sure to be the loudest match at the World Cup , ” Nauright says .
A kindergarten graduation ceremony at a Victorville elementary school turned ugly Wednesday when several parents got into a fight , causing authorities to place the campus on lockdown .
The incident occurred at Puesta del Sol Elementary School , with officials saying a verbal altercation between two parents turned physical .
“ According to witness statements , it appears a few parents went over to a field away from the actual ceremony to discuss something when the alleged fight broke out , ” Karen Hunt , spokeswoman for the San Bernardino County Sheriff ’s Department Victorville station , told the Victorville Daily Press .
No arrests were made , and no one was hurt in the incident , but the school 's principal sent a letter home to parents banning them from the campus .
Robert C. Byrd , Senate 's Longest Serving Member , Dead at 92
The reformed KKK member cast more than 18,600 votes in storied Senate career .
June 28 , 2010  -- West Virginia Sen. Robert C. Byrd , the longest - serving member of the U.S. Senate , died early this morning .
He was 92 .
Byrd was admitted to a Washington area hospital a week ago , suffering from what was believed to be heat exhaustion and severe dehydration as a result of the extreme temperatures in the nation 's capital .
By Sunday afternoon , other conditions developed , and Byrd 's health took a turn for the worse .
Byrd died at 3 a.m. Monday morning at Inova Fairfax hospital in Falls Church , Virginia .
Born Nov. 20 , 1917 , in North Wilkesboro , North Carolina , Byrd was orphaned at the age of 1 when his mother died .
He was raised by his aunt and uncle in a rural community near the coalfields of West Virginia .
The life lessons he learned while growing up in a coal - mining family helped him shape his political career ; he ultimately achieved the distinction of being a three - term representative and a nine - term senator .
" The people of West Virginia have lost a true champion , the United States Senate has lost a venerable institution and America has lost a voice of principle and reason with the passing of Robert C. Byrd , " President Obama said in a statement today .
" He was as much a part of the Senate as the marble busts that line its chamber and its corridors . "
Vice President Joe Biden remembered Byrd as a " tough , compassionate , and outspoken leader . "
" We shall not see his like again , " Biden said today at an event in Louisville , Kentucky .
" And the Senate is a lesser place for his going . "
Famed for his informed , often lengthy speeches on the floor of the Senate , Byrd 's admirers praised his mastery of governmental procedure , historical knowledge and candor -- often calling him the " conscience of the Senate . "
Byrd will be remembered " as that guardian of the Senate , as an institution .
He insisted on the dignity of the Senate and tried to make people put aside their partisanship and really look at the Senate as a deliberative body , " ABC News contributor Cokie Roberts said on " Good Morning America . "
Byrd always carried a copy of the Constitution and often pulled it out in one of his fiery speeches on the Senate floor .
But what set him apart from other senators was that " he could put it back in his pocket and recite it verbatim , the whole Constitution , " recalled Sen .
Patrick Leahy , D - Vermont .
In his 51 years in the Senate , the Democratic senator cast more than 18,600 votes -- more than any other senator to date .
Delivering a tribute on the Senate floor following Byrd 's 18,000th vote , Sen. Richard Durbin , D - Illinois , said , " To help put the length of his service in perspective , consider a few facts : When Sen .
Byrd cast his first vote in the Senate -- on Jan. 8 , 1959 -- his colleagues included Sens. John Kennedy and Lyndon Johnson .
Vice President Richard Nixon was the presiding officer .
Hawaii was not yet a state .
And a state - of - the - art computer would have taken up half of the space of this chamber , and had roughly the same amount of computing power as a Palm Pilot . "
Byrd served as president pro tempore of the Senate -- a post that put the 92 - year - old third in line for presidency after Vice President Joe Biden and Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi .
Tributes from Capitol Hill hailed Byrd as a fiery orator who loved the Senate .
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D - Nevada , remembered Byrd as " one of the greatest minds the world has ever seen .
" The people of West Virginia have lost a dedicated public servant , and America has lost a great defender of its most precious traditions , " Reid said in a statement .
" He was the foremost guardian of the Senate 's complex rules , procedures and customs , and as leader of both the majority and the minority caucuses in the Senate he knew better than most that legislation is the art of compromise . "
Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , R- Kentucky , praised Byrd 's " fighter 's spirit " and " abiding faith . "
" He was a great patriot .
He loved the Senate , there 's no doubt about it , " Sen .
Jeff Sessions , R - Alabama , said on " GMA . "
" He had a great way for words . "
Byrd 's replacement will be picked by West Virginia 's Democratic Gov. Joe Manchin and will occupy the seat until 2012 .
Under West Virginia law , if a the vacancy in the Senate occurs less than two years and six months before the end of the term -- which in this case is January 2013 -- the governor appoints someone to fill the entire term .
But if a vacancy occurs before that time period , as would be the case with Byrd 's death , a special election is held in November to fill the remainder of the term .
Manchin , whose second term expires in 2012 , is said to be eyeing the seat himself .
In a written statement Monday morning , Manchin said all West Virginians ' hearts break at the passing of Byrd and that the state has " suffered a terrible loss . "
With Byrd 's death , Democrats not only lost a longtime leader but also the crucial 60th vote to pass the financial reform bill that has been pending for weeks in the Senate .
Robert C. Byrd , Longest Serving Senator , Had Humble Beginnings
During the Great Depression , Byrd graduated as valedictorian of his high school class but could not afford college .
Instead , he sought employment wherever he found an opportunity -- whether it meant pumping gas , selling produce or working as a butcher .
Welding , one of the skills Byrd developed , was in demand after the beginning of World War II .
During the war years , he helped build the USS Liberty and USS Victory .
At war 's end , in 1946 , he returned to West Virginia with political aspirations and mounted a successful campaign for the West Virginia House of Delegates .
After serving two terms , Byrd was elected to the West Virginia Senate , then to the U.S. House of Representatives for three terms , and finally , in 1958 , to the Senate .
He has represented West Virginia continuously , winning re-election by record margins in statewide elections .
Despite his successful political track record , the Senate 's senior Democrat was no stranger to controversy , and was once a member of the Ku Klux Klan .
Byrd said he joined the white supremacist group in 1942 because it " offered excitement . "
He claimed the Klan was an " effective force " in " promoting traditional American values " and " was strongly opposed to communism . "
Byrd reportedly ended his ties with the group in 1943 , telling the Washington Post in June 1993 that his stint in the KKK was the mistake in his life that he most regretted .
" Just as a lot of young people these days join organizations they regret joining , I joined as a youth and regretted it later , " he said .
" I made a mistake . "
But West Virginia Republicans uncovered a letter Byrd had written to the imperial wizard of the KKK three years after he said he abandoned the group .
In the letter , he wrote : " The Klan is needed today as never before and I am anxious to see its rebirth here in West Virginia " and " in every state in the Union . "
In a 1947 letter , Byrd vowed never to fight " with a Negro by my side .
Rather I should die a thousand times , and see Old Glory trampled in the dirt never to rise again , than to see this beloved land of ours become degraded by race mongrels , a throwback to the blackest specimen from the wilds . "
Sen. Byrd 's Controversial Past
In 1964 , Byrd filibustered the landmark civil rights legislation for more than 14 hours but later said it was his biggest regret in the Senate .
Decades later , he opposed the nominations of the Supreme Court 's two black justices -- liberal Thurgood Marshall and conservative Clarence Thomas .
In March 2001 , Byrd made headlines again after he stunned a national television audience by using the term " white niggers " when asked about the state of race relations .
" They are much , much better than they 've ever been in my lifetime , " Byrd said on the cable talk show .
" I think we talk about race too much .
There are white niggers .
I 've seen a lot of white niggers in my time -- I 'm going to use that word .
We just need to work together to make our country a better country , and I 'd just as soon quit talking about it so much . "
Byrd later apologized .
" The phrase dates back to my boyhood and has no place in today 's society , " he said .
By 2005 , facing a potentially tough re-election campaign , Byrd received support from an unlikely source -- freshman Sen.
Barack Obama , the only black member of the Senate , who sent out a fundraising letter on Byrd 's behalf that raised nearly $ 825,000 in a few days .
Byrd endorsed Obama after the West Virginia primary , despite Obama 's loss to Sen. Hillary Clinton , D - N.Y. , in that contest .
Asked about the endorsement given his personal history on the issue of race , Byrd replied , " Those days are gone .
Gone . "
Despite his controversial involvement in the KKK , Byrd repeatedly apologized for it in the latter part of his career , calling it the biggest mistake of his life .
" He was in politics a very long time , and the country changed enormously between 1940 when he first ran for the state legislature and 2010 , " Roberts said .
" He was able to adapt to the changes even as he insisted on staying firm with the role of the Senate . "
Robert Byrd : Defender of Constitutionn
Byrd served longer in the U.S. Senate than anyone else in American history and was undefeated in every election for the Senate seat he occupied .
" I served with him for 36 years .
We sat in the same row , " Leahy said on " GMA . "
" He was a senator 's senator .
He was a keeper of our traditions , a keeper of the rules and the kind of senator who always kept his word . "
Byrd joined the Senate leadership in 1967 , when his colleagues selected him to serve as secretary of the Democratic Conference .
In 1971 , he was chosen Senate Democratic whip .
Six years later , he was elected Democratic leader , a position he held for six consecutive terms .
He served two six - year terms as both Senate majority and minority leader .
In 1989 , after 30 years of membership , he chaired the powerful Senate Appropriations Committee .
That same year , he was unanimously elected president pro tempore of the Senate , a post that placed him third in the line of succession to the presidency .
It also earned him the distinction of having the most leadership positions in the Senate .
In June 2001 , Byrd regained the chairmanship of the Senate Appropriations Committee and was re-elected president pro tempore of the Senate .
Byrd was a fierce opponent of the Iraq War even though he supported the war in Vietnam .
Byrd delivered a strongly worded rebuke of President George W. Bush , after he had received a vote of support from Congress .
" Today I weep for my country , " Byrd said .
" I have watched the events of recent months with a heavy , heavy heart .
No more is the image of America one of strong , yet benevolent peacekeeper .
The image of America has changed .
Around the globe , our friends mistrust us , our word is disputed , our intentions are questioned . "
Never consumed by the unrelenting demands of his job , Byrd was personal friends with many of his colleagues .
When Sen .
Ted Kennedy suffered a seizure at a luncheon following Obama 's inauguration , Byrd was so upset and distraught from what he had witnessed that he needed to be taken out of the Capitol Rotunda .
Late last year , despite being confined to a wheelchair , Byrd came to the Senate and cast a vote in favor of health care reform , a cause Kennedy championed throughout his career .
He proclaimed , " This is for my friend Ted Kennedy : Aye . "
" He served to the end : I will never forget watching him being wheeled on to the Senate floor to cast his decisive vote for health care reform , " former President Bill Clinton said in a statement today .
Stemming from his own struggles in school and college , Byrd made education a key priority in his legislative career .
He established the Scholastic Recognition Award in 1969 , which gave a valedictorian from every West Virginia public and private high school a special savings bond .
He also helped launch the first merit - based federal scholarship program in 1985 .
Byrd helped steer billions of federal dollars into economic projects into West Virginia .
In the two years he served as the Democrats ' majority leader , stepping down in 1989 , Byrd helped send more than $ 1 billion in federal funds to West Virginia for highways , bridges , buildings and other facilities , some named after him .
Sen . Jay Rockefeller , also a Democratic senator from West Virginia , said it was his " greatest privilege " to serve with Byrd , and that his death " leaves a void that simply can never be filled . "
" I am proud knowing that his moving life story and legacy of service and love for West Virginia will live on , " Rockefeller said in a statement today .
Byrd also supported the coal industry , a leading employer in his state , a position that often put him at odds with environmentalists and other Democratic lawmakers .
Sen. Byrd 's Colorful Career
Byrd was a self - professed dog lover .
" I lost one of my best friends today , " he announced at a Senate Appropriations hearing in April 2002 , after the death of his Maltese .
Byrd was outraged by the dogfighting charges against Atlanta Falcons quarterback Michael Vick .
The senator took to the floor , delivering a scathing speech against the disgraced NFL star .
" I am confident -- madam president , I am confident that the hottest places in hell are reserved for the souls of sick and brutal people who hold God 's creatures in such brutal and cruel contempt , " Byrd said .
Byrd was a colorful character on the Senate floor , his peers said .
He learned to play the fiddle at a young age and enjoyed playing it for his constituents , carrying it with him virtually everywhere he went .
In one campaign year , the longtime senator even used his fiddle case as his briefcase .
He performed at the Kennedy Center and recorded an album called " Mountain Fiddler . "
" He 'd strut onto the floor for years wearing colorful vests , " Roberts said .
" He had a pompadour .
He was very different from your run - of - the - mill TV - era senators . "
Byrd was also a self - professed " family man . "
He met Erma Ora James , the daughter of a coal miner , at Mark Twain High School , and , shortly after graduation in 1937 , they were married at age 19 .
On his Senate website , it was noted , " For nearly 69 years , the Byrds were inseparable , traveling the hills and hollows of West Virginia and crossing the globe together . "
The Byrds had two children , Mona Carole Byrd Fatemi and Marjorie Ellen Byrd Moore .
In March 2006 , Erma Byrd died at age 88 , prompting her husband to eulogize her on the Senate floor May 26 , 2006 , three days before what would have been their 69th wedding anniversary .
They are survived by both daughters , their husbands , several grandchildren and great - grandchildren .
" Could I have made this journey without her ?
Could I have accomplished as much without her ?
I think not .
The more important point is that I did it with her , and I would not have had it any other way , " Byrd said .
" She was God 's greatest gift to me . "
ABC News ' Karen Travers and Z. Byron
Wolf contributed to this report .
Playbrains has announced a free weekend for its multiplayer heavy arcade shooter Madballs Babo : Invasion , with the game available for anyone with a Steam account to play now through Sunday .
The indie title that brings back the mid-80′s toy has been overlooked , and in a lot of ways unfairly .
The critical reception it did receive was n’t huge but those who played the game wrote highly of it including positive reviews from both CVG and Kotaku .
Hopefully the free weekend will draw in some new blood to try the game out , and if interested purchase the game for 75 % off the typical $ 10 price .
While the game itself goes for just $ 2.50 , you can also pick up the Madballs : S.W.A.T. Combo
Pack which includes two of the larger pieces of DLC at the same discount for just $ 3.37 .
If you happen to have a few friends in mind you can grab the already discounted four pack for just $ 7.50 instead of the standard $ 30 .
To install the game at no cost download the title ’s assets under the My Games tab on the Steam client .
The free weekend event and the sales go through Sunday , April 18 .
Canada has modified its list of 38 occupations , reducing it to only 29 .
The new occupation list for Canada federal skilled workers program would be implemented from 26th June 2010 .
These 29 new occupations form the current occupations in Canada which are in - demand for the foreign skilled migrants *.
However , this list is not applicable to those applicants who have an employment offer in prior .
The new list of 29 occupations for federal skilled immigrants excludes the IT managers and supervisors , accountants and financial managers from the earlier list of 38 occupations .
At the same time , occupations relating to Business Services and Management as also dentists and social workers have been included .
This is excellent news for general category managerial and supervisory candidates .
Professional working in following occupations will gain through this critical inclusion in the new list :
Marketing
Analysts
Researchers
Business development
Advertising
Management consultants
Finance
Costs and chartered accountants
Chartered financial analysts
Business and office coordinators
Senior office Administrators and managers
team trainers
Dentists
Pharmacists
Social Workers
Cooks and chefs
With the above in place , the Citizenship and Immigration Canada has announced that only 20,000 applications would be received each year .
Within these 20,000 applications quota , not more than 1000 applications would be considered under each of the occupations mentioned on the new list .
The applications would be accepted on a first come first serve basis .
After the higher limit has been reached in a specific occupation , the additional applications will be returned .
So all those qualified should file and get into the queue without delays .
The first year for acceptance of applications will begin on June 26 , 2010 and end on June 30 , 2011 .
Subsequent years will be calculated from July 1st to June 30th .
Alternatives for applicants not finding place in the new list of occupations for Canada
IT professionals need not get disheartened .
Almost all IT professionals with 4 years of experience or more and including those who are NOT IT managers ( simple programmers , analysts , QA etc ) can qualify and apply under Quebec program .
All they need to do is learn basic French .
One learns French while the application is in process .
Married couples have an advantage under the Quebec program as spousal age and qualifications as also number of children and their age are significant assessment factors .
Mail your resume and if applicable that of spouse with information related to children and their age to ajay@abhinav.com
It may be added that many of them , especially if working in consulting capacity might also be qualified under the newly included Professional Occupations in Business Services to Management .
They could also look at making an application under the skilled migrant program to Australia .
Another alternative for IT professionals is Denmark Green card .
But considering that Denmark green card is a non-immigrant visa and one is required to learn Danish for successful settlement , one is better off in opting for Quebec skilled worker program that offers permanent residency from day one of landing with all accompanying benefits .
The residency status that an applicant , may get in Denmark after seven year is available from day one of landing in Canada on permanent resident visa .
However , it goes without saying that ABHINAV has the expertise to service your application for Denmark Green card as well .
Another significant exclusion from the old list is that of accountants and financial managers .
They should not lose hope and depending on profile and duties , most can still qualify as professional service providers to management .
This is a new occupation that finds its place in the new list .
If you are a financial manager or chartered accountant , please email your and the spousal resume ( if applicable ) to ajay@abhinav.com .
All in all , it could be said that there are both pros and cons attached to this amendment in the Skilled Worker Program .
And so , this keeps the options open for those not qualifying under the new Federal Skilled Migrant program .
Contact us to know more on the same .
* List of 29 Occupations under the Federal Skilled Worker Program
0631 Restaurant and Food Service Managers
0811 Primary Production Managers ( Except Agriculture )
1122 Professional Occupations in Business Services to Management
1233 Insurance Adjusters and Claims Examiners
2121 Biologists and Related Scientists
2151 Architects
3111 Specialist Physicians
3112 General Practitioners and Family Physicians
3113 Dentists
3131 Pharmacists
3142 Physiotherapists
3152 Registered Nurses
3215 Medical Radiation Technologists
3222 Dental Hygienists & Dental Therapists
3233 Licensed Practical Nurses
4151 Psychologists
4152 Social Workers
6241 Chefs
6242 Cooks
7215 Contractors and Supervisors , Carpentry Trades
7216 Contractors and Supervisors , Mechanic Trades
7241 Electricians ( Except Industrial & Power System )
7242 Industrial Electricians
7251 Plumbers
7265 Welders & Related Machine Operators
7312 Heavy - Duty Equipment Mechanics
7371 Crane Operators
7372 Drillers & Blasters – Surface Mining , Quarrying & Construction
8222 Supervisors , Oil and Gas Drilling and Service
In another class , a fiendishly difficult math problem was being worked out .
When the class ended without the problem being brought to a satisfactory conclusion , the students groaned as if a movie had been interrupted at the climactic moment .
The instructor assured them that “ we ’ll pick it up right here ” the next time the class met .
The Bard High School Early College model has been around long enough and has given a first - rate education to enough students to warrant significant expansion and close study to determine just how far this promising innovation might be able to fly .
( A second school , Bard High School Early College Queens , opened in 2008 . )
Dr. Botstein would like to see 150 such schools created across the country , which would reach roughly 100,000 students .
President Obama mentioned the Bard school last summer in a speech in which he suggested that more attention should be paid to such “ innovative approaches ” to education .
An application for a grant that would help cover a national expansion of the program has been filed with the United States Department of Education .
When you look at the variety of public schools that have worked well in the U.S. — in cities big and small , and in suburban and rural areas — you wonder why anyone thought it was a good idea to throw a stultifying blanket of standardization over the education of millions of kids of different aptitudes , interests and levels of maturity .
The idea should always have been to develop a flexible system of public education that would allow all — or nearly all — children to thrive .
One of the things Bard has shown is that kids from wildly different backgrounds — including large numbers of immigrant children — can thrive in an educational environment that is much more intellectually demanding than your typical high school .
In this tough economic period , a program in which students come out of high school with up to 60 college credits already in their grasp can only be welcome .
But the students I talked with were not fixated on the costs they would avoid in their college years .
They were focused on the challenging work of the present moment .
As I watched a small group of history students enthusiastically participating in a discussion of events in the post - World War II period , I thought of a comment that a student in the biology lab , Claire Fishman , had made to me earlier : “ When I get to college , I ’m going to be really well prepared . ”
Image caption DRAM memory chips are used in many products from mobiles to printers
Nine chip makers have been fined 331m euros ( £ 283.1 m , $ 404.2 m ) by European Union regulators for illegally fixing prices .
The companies involved are Samsung , Hynix , Infineon , NEC , Hitachi , Mitsubishi , Toshiba , Elpida and Nanya .
A 10th chip maker , Micron , was also part of the price - fixing cartel but escaped a fine in return for alerting the competition authorities .
The chips - DRAMS - are used in popular items such as personal computers .
Samsung received the biggest single fine of 146 m euros .
The second biggest was 57 m euros , which was levied on Germany 's Infineon .
All the fines were reduced by 10 % because the companies co-operated with the probe .
The cartel , in operation between 1998 and 2002 , involved a " network of contacts " who shared secret information .
They colluded to set prices for DRAM chips sold to major PC makers and server manufacturers , the commission said .
' Speed up '
The penalties mark the first settlement decision in a cartel case in which companies received a 10 % cut in penalties in return for admitting involvement .
The investigation began in 2002 , when Micron blew the whistle on the cartel .
The EU's Competition Commissioner , Joaquin Almunia , said : " By acknowledging their participation in a cartel the companies have allowed the Commission to bring this long - running investigation to a close and to free up resources to investigate other suspected cartels . "
He added that future cases should be concluded more speedily .
" As the procedure is applied to new cases it is expected to speed up investigations significantly . "
All but one of the companies , Germany 's Infineon , are non-EU businesses .
The EU 's anti-trust regulator said they were all penalised because they sell their products in the European Economic Area and were therefore subject to EU law , which bans practises that restrict competition .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The Iranian foreign minister , Manouchehr Mottaki , has been heckled by Iranian dissidents during an appearance in Dublin .
Mr Mottaki had to be shielded from more protesters as he left the Institute of International and European Affairs .
Speaking at the event , Mr Mottaki denounced Wednesday 's United Nations Security Council vote which imposes new sanctions on Iran over its nuclear programme .
Looks like the kids at Hogwarts are immune to Bieber Fever .
“ Harry Potter ” star Daniel Radcliffe has confessed that until recently , he thought the 16 - year - old fellow tween idol was a female .
" I only heard Justin Bieber for the first time two weeks ago , " the Brit actor told MTV News .
" I genuinely thought it was a woman singing .
I 'd never heard it before .
Is it big in England yet ? "
Twenty - year - old Radcliffe added that he prefers bands like Radiohead and Hope of States , and while Lady Gaga is “ not my kind of music , ” he thinks “ she ’s kind of amazing . ”
As for the Bieber boo - boo , Radcliffe explained , “ I 'm so out of the loop when it comes to pop culture that I kind of do n't even try anymore . ”
Seoul , South Korea ( CNN ) -- Park Sang Hak and his family jammed 150,000 sheets of paper , dollar bills , DVDs and tiny AM / FM radios inside bags attached to giant inflatable helium balloons .
They launched them into the sky where they floated 200 km ( 124 miles ) across the border to North Korea .
The message : Kim Jong
Il is lying to you .
Renewed worldwide pressure on Pyongyang has given urgency to North Korean defectors living in Seoul who hope to reach North Koreans .
The balloons are the weapons in breaking Kim Jong Il 's spell , say the Fighters for Free North Korea .
The group , made up primarily of North Korean defectors , says if North Korea can't get any messages from the outside world , then outside world must deliver those messages in .
How ?
The giant helium balloons carrying the garbage bags of propaganda , which can fly 200 kilometers over the border , straight into the heart of Pyongyang .
It 's the heart of Kim Jong Il 's regime that these defectors hope to strike , by destroying the illusion it has built for its citizens .
" My brothers are still living there , " said Kwon Young - Hee , who defected to Korea a decade ago .
" I will be happy if they can come after reading these messages .
North Koreans know nothing about Kim Jong
Il except for his power as general and chief of the country .
We want them to know the truth . "
In North Korea , all public discourse , from media to education , is controlled by the military regime .
A little radio , says North Korean defector Park Sang - hak , is a big weapon .
" I 'm sending this off with the hope of reaching my people , who I left behind , " said Park , as he watched the balloons lift into the sky heading northward .
" If they get these , I hope they will be able to reflect on the true meaning of freedom .
The two Koreas halted decades of propaganda warfare under a 2004 reconciliation deal .
But ties have soured in the wake of the sinking of the South Korean warship , the Cheonan , last March .
It 's reinvigorated the propaganda war among North Korean defectors in the south .
Kim Seong - Min runs Free North Korea Radio , broadcasting from the third floor of a small office building in the outskirts of Seoul .
He may be in South Korea , but the audience , he hopes , is North Korea 's citizens , listening from illegal radios .
Kim , who fled North Korea a decade ago , says the Cheonan warship sinking should show the international community that negotiations with Pyongyang will never work , and it must try to reach the North Koreans directly .
It worked for me , said Kim , who recalls how he heard a story on an illegal radio in North Korea .
" Listening to the stories , I thought maybe this is propaganda from the south , " he said .
The important part , he said , is that he began to question the unquestionable military regime .
Just the question led to him fleeing the North .
" I want to see it for myself , " he said , referring to the free world .
While the propaganda war is heating up , people in Seoul say the prospect of an actual war feels remote .
South Koreans , long used to the heated battle and rhetoric between the nations , are going about their normal lives .
" I do n't think war will take place , " said Park Kyung - hee , as she shopped with her son in a busy market in downtown Seoul .
" Although the Cheonan incident is serious , the country will be safe because we have strong ties with our allies .
The north would never invade us . "
American Mischa Moreau , who has lived in Seoul for three years , said she does n't feel any sense of danger .
" It does not feel like war .
The feeling I get from the Korean people here , it 's very easygoing and they go on with their life and I do too .
It 's very comforting . "
As an ArgoUML contributor I 'm going to blog my activities here , so that they may draw interest by other developers or help other developers when doing tasks similar to what I 've done .
AND (!) the grand vision that makes an Argonaut what he is , TO THRIVE IN THE BIG DANGEROUS WORLD , TAKING THE Argo TO A GOOD SHORE ;-) )
In the early 1980s MD and I were laboring away in anonymity in our clinics in Little Rock , Arkansas .
By that time I had gone through my thin - to fat - to thin again metamorphosis , and I was starting to treat patients for obesity .
My own transformation had been fairly striking , a fact not lost on many of my overweight patients , a number of whom were seeking my professional advice on treating their own weight problems .
I was still doing a fair amount of general primary care medicine , but more and more of my time was being diverted to helping people lose weight .
When I , myself , had gotten fat , I had tried a few diets that were then being extolled ( including the Pritikin diet ) and had experienced pretty much the same thing most people did with these diets : I lost a few pounds , drifted from the diet , and regained the lost weight plus a little .
I then started thinking seriously about obesity as a medical problem , and , in an effort to learn all I could about it , I turned to the medical textbooks on my shelves .
Unfortunately , none of them contained any information I found particularly enlightening .
The texts went into great detail about the risks associated with obesity and the many diseases that it either caused or made worse , but , other than recommending caloric restriction , none really discussed the treatment .
None really discussed ( at least not to my satisfaction ) what happens metabolically that makes people store excess fat .
I next turned to physiology texts , which did n’t help a lot , either .
I then grabbed my old medical school biochemistry textbook ( I had n’t been out of med school all that long at the time , so it was fairly current ) and struck gold .
I started tracing out all the pathways for fat storage and noticed that in virtually every one insulin turned up somewhere .
Then I started reading about all the pathways involving insulin and realized that excess insulin had to be the agent driving the storage of excess fat .
I then went back to the physiology texts , reread them in light of my new found knowledge , and discovered that they reinforced what I had learned from the biochemistry text .
I just had n’t realized it , until I had made the insulin connection .
( I drew out all the different pathways insulin worked through on piece of paper that we ’ve saved , but I ca n’t lay my hands on it right now .
If I find it , I ’ll post it . )
This was long before the days of Google and online searches ; in fact , it was at least two years before I owned my first computer .
So I did what you did in those days : I trekked to the medical library at the med school , ran a search on insulin and obesity through their system , and came up with a handful of papers .
The research into this field was quite new and sparse back then , but I learned about the newly proposed theory of insulin resistance , which answered my question as to why anyone would ever develop excess insulin levels in the first place .
Then I asked myself the big question :
If I have too much insulin ( and I was guessing I did – it was n’t something you measured in those days unless you were in a scientific lab ) , how do I get it down ?
There were only two conclusions .
Do n’t eat .
Or do n’t eat carbohydrates .
The latter seemed to make a lot more sense over the long run .
I remembered the Atkins diet .
I had read his book ten years before , but that was before I went to medical school and was while I was still rail thin .
( Why did I read it ?
Because it was a huge bestseller , much in the news , and I wanted to see what all the fuss was about . )
I dug out my copy and reread it .
Nowhere was insulin mentioned in the original book .
He talked about some mysterious fat mobilizing substance ( FMS , as he called it ) , which could n’t be insulin because insulin does n’t mobilize fat – it stores it .
The references cited in the back of the Atkins book for FMS listed scientific papers written in German .
But , by then , I was on to insulin , so I did n’t bother trying to seek them out .
I decided to design a diet for myself with lowering insulin in mind .
What I came up with ( with MD ’s help ) was the basis for what ultimately became Protein Power .
I lost weight like crazy .
Many of my patients noticed my weight loss and started clamoring for me to help them to become thin .
At the time I started treating patients with the low - carb diet , cholesterol was just starting to be demonized .
For the first time , people were concerned about their cholesterol levels ( and at that time , the upper level for normal for total cholesterol was 220 mg / dl , 20 units higher than it is now )
It was the era Taubes discusses in his great paper The Soft Science of Dietary Fat and that Tom Naughton shows in his movie Fat Head .
Low - fat diets were the rage .
The 8 - Week Cholesterol Cure , a book about eating giant oat bran muffins daily and taking sustained - release niacin was in the writing and destined to be a mega bestseller .
The fear of fat was settling in on America .
And here I was starting to put patients on low - carb , high - fat diets to help them lose weight .
Back then I had bought into the lipid hypothesis and truly believed excess cholesterol did indeed lead to heart disease .
As a consequence , I was a little squeamish about putting people who might actually be at risk for heart disease on the diet .
I had read the biochemistry texts , and I knew that insulin stimulated HMG Co - A reductase , the rate limiting enzyme in the cholesterol synthesis pathway ; and I also knew that glucagon ( insulin ’s counter regulatory hormone ) inhibited that same enzyme .
So , in theory , lowering insulin and increasing glucagon with diet should work to treat elevated cholesterol .
But , knowing those things theoretically did n’t really give me a whole lot of solace when it came to taking care of real flesh and blood patients who were entrusting their well being to me .
( The picture at the top left of this post is one of the handouts I used in my early practice to demonstrate the many effects of too much insulin . )
Stupidly , when I started on the diet myself , I did n’t check my own labs , so I did n’t really know what happened to me .
The patients that I did put on the diet were typically women who were premenopausal ( a group who rarely develop heart disease ) , so I did n’t worry about them .
I checked everyone ’s labwork , but no one ’s was really out of whack lipid - wise at the start of the diet , so I did n’t have a lot to go on data - wise .
The few who did have minimally elevated cholesterol tended to lower it over the first six weeks ( I rechecked everyone at six weeks ) , so I figured the theoretical underpinnings of the diet were okay .
But I was still uneasy .
I had visions of myself in the witness box with a sneering plaintiff ’s attorney saying to me :
So , Dr. Eades , are you telling the members of this jury that you put the deceased – whom you knew to have high cholesterol – on a diet filled with RED MEAT !
IS THAT WHAT YOU’RE TELLING THIS JURY , SIR ?
YOU , SIR , CAUSED THIS MAN’S FATAL HEART ATTACK , DID YOU NOT ?
But more than being worried about this scenario , I did n’t want to do anything harmful to anyone .
I knew it would be difficult to live with myself if I thought I had killed someone or caused a heart attack out of pure negligence .
You ’ve got to remember that at this time there was no one in his / her right mind recommending a low - carb diet .
There was Atkins , of course , but he had been totally discredited in the eyes of the medical profession by that time .
It was n’t until over 20 years later in 2004 that he and the low - carb diet got even minimally rehabilitated .
I was very uneasy to say the least .
Then four patients came into my clinic , one almost right after the other , who changed my life .
In my actual practice , I ’m kind of old school and always refer to my patients as Mr , Miss or Mrs .
But for purposes of this post , I ’m going to refer to them by a bogus first name just to make it easier to keep track .
The first of the four patients we ’ll call Angie .
She was referred to me by MD , who was working at a different clinic than I at the time .
Angie came into see MD for nausea and vague abdominal pains , symptoms that , along with tenderness in her upper right abdomen , led MD to suspect gall bladder disease .
Angie was a 32 year old woman who was mildly overweight and had vague abdominal pain , but no other remarkable findings .
MD drew blood on her and sent her for a gall bladder ultra sound .
The ultra sound came back negative , but her blood work was a doozy .
Her total cholesterol was over 300 , and her triglycerides were about 1900 .
MD called me and said “ Have I ever got the patient for you . ”
This was what I had been waiting for .
A patient who was female and pre-menopausal with terrible lipids .
I figured I could treat such a patient without any risk of her developing heart disease over the short term , and I planned to recheck lipids way sooner than the normal six weeks .
Since her lipids were so out of the ordinary for one so young , I asked MD to repeat them , fasting , have the results sent to me and to send Angie to see me after her repeat labs had come back .
When I got her labs , I knew the first reading was n’t an error .
In fact , they were a little worse than when MD checked them the first time .
Total cholesterol : 374 mg/dl ( all values in mg /dl )
LDL : ?
HDL : 28
Triglycerides ( TG ) 2080
( There was no value for LDL because LDL is a calculated number and ca n’t be calculated when the triglycerides are over 400 mg / dl . )
Upon examination I found a pleasant mildly overweight young woman who had no real physical signs except for mild tenderness in the right upper quadrant of her abdomen when I really pushed on it .
She had no family history of heart disease and she did n’t smoke – both pieces of information that made me feel better about what I was preparing to do .
( Not only were her lipids a mess , Angie ’s liver enzymes were way abnormal as well .
I now know that she had non-alcoholic fatty liver disorder , but we ( the medical profession ) did n’t really recognize that as a common disease back then .
I ’m sure her liver was inflamed to some degree , which explained the mild pain she was experiencing . )
I gave her a fairly rigid version of what became the Protein Power diet .
I explained exactly what she should eat and what she should n’t and sent her on her way with my home phone number and my beeper number ( this was before the days of cell phones ) .
I told her to call me if she had even the slightest problem and to return to the office in three weeks for a recheck no matter what .
And I gnawed my nails .
I had the staff call her after a few days to see if she was doing okay .
She reported that she was fine .
I got no emergency calls from her and in three weeks she returned .
Her right upper quadrant pain had vanished as had her nausea .
She reported that she had never felt better .
She had even lost nine pounds ( which was a fair amount for her since she was n’t that overweight to begin with ) .
I rechecked her labs and waited anxiously for them to come back from the lab the next day .
When they did , I was stunned .
Total cholesterol : 292
LDL : 192
HDL 70
TG : 149
I had hoped for a change for the better , but I had n’t in my wildest dreams expected this kind of change .
I kind of figured that her triglycerides and cholesterol would come down slowly over several months , not that they would drop like rocks in only three weeks .
The second of my life - changing patients was a casual friend of mine who came to see me about a week after my experience with Angie .
He was a 55 year old guy we ’ll call Lynn who worked in advertising .
I had gotten to know him when his company created some brochures for our clinic .
He came to see me for an insurance physical .
He arrived , we chatted , and then I looked him over .
I poked and prodded and listened at all the appropriate places .
He seemed fine .
He was a thinnish white male who was just starting to develop a little ( and I mean little ) paunch .
I would never have even noticed it had he not been sitting there with his shirt off .
Talk turned to my own weight loss , and he asked me if I could put him on a diet to help him lose his little pot belly .
I said “ Sure , ” and told him about my meat , cheese , salad and green vegetable diet .
I told him that I had lost my weight eating a ton of steak and had continued to do so .
He was thrilled because he loved steak and had been avoiding it because of everything he had been reading about red meat and heart disease .
I had our nurse draw his blood for the lab part of his physical and sent him on his way .
The next day I was going through all the results from the bloodwork that had been drawn the day before when I came upon his .
I nearly dropped my teeth .
Total cholesterol : 312
LDL : ?
HDL : ?
TG : 1515
( There was a note on the lab sheet that said they were unable to determine the HDL because the serum was too lipemic ( cloudy with fat ) ?!?!)
I thought , Whoa ! , a 32 year old premenopausal woman is one thing , but a 55 year old male right in the middle of major - heart - disease - risk age is something else .
And here I had put this guy with totally disrupted lipids on a red - meat diet , which , according to current medical thinking , would almost guarantee to make the situation worse .
I put in an immediate call to his office and was told he had left that morning for vacation for two weeks .
( Why he had neglected to even mention this trip when we talked for 30 minutes the day before baffled me completely . )
I asked for the number wherever he was .
His secretary told me that he was on a Caribbean Island and could n’t be contacted .
I told her that if he called in to have him call me immediately .
My fears were somewhat assuaged because I figured , hey , the guy is on vacation , he ’s not going to diet anyway .
Why should I worry ?
He called me the day he got back and before I could get a word in told me “ Hey , your diet works great .
I lost five pounds while I was on vacation . ”
As it turned out , he was on a Caribbean Island , but it was a resort of some sort .
As part of his deal , all the food was provided .
He had chowed down on steak just about every day .
I was mortified .
I told him about his labs and told him to get into the clinic the next morning to have his blood rechecked .
He came in .
Here are his labs taken 15 days after his first ones .
Total cholesterol : 195
LDL : 124
HDL : 26
TG : 201
I was really stunned this time .
How could these values change this much in just 15 days ?
He wanted to stay on the diet , so I told him to go for it .
But I kept an eye on him .
Not long after this experience I had a very nice lady , named Jesse , who was the mother of a friend of mine come to see me .
She had had labwork done somewhere else and her cholesterol had come back as 735 mg / dl .
Her doctor had put her on a cholesterol - lowering medicine , but she was still distressed because she had a friend who remarked to her , “ I did n’t know you could even be alive with a cholesterol that high . ”
I examined her and found her to be a very mildly overweight 72 year old lady with no signs of anything out of the ordinary .
I rechecked her blood .
Total cholesterol : 424
LDL : ?
HDL : ?
TG : 1828
Along with these lipid labs , her fasting blood sugar came back at 154 mg / dl .
So , not only did she have major lipid abnormalities , she had blood sugar that was in the diabetic range .
I gave her instructions on the diet and told her to stay on her cholesterol - lowering meds until we checked her again in three weeks .
Three weeks later :
Total cholesterol : 186
LDL : 118
HDL : 27
TG : 201
I was surprised this time , but not stunned .
Along with these mega improvements in her lipids , Jesse ’s fasting blood sugar was 90 .
I told her she could go ahead and discontinue her cholesterol - lowering medications because her cholesterol was normal .
She looked at me kind of funny and said , “ I stopped them when I started the diet .
That ’s what I thought you said to do . ”
The last of my four patients came along about two weeks after Jesse .
This woman , we ’ll call Betsy , was famous in Little Rock .
Actually , she was n’t the famous one – her husband was – but she got plenty of notoriety herself .
And just in case you ’re wondering , it was n’t Hillary .
She came to see me because she had picked up a little excess weight and wanted to get it off .
I went through my normal workup and found Betsy to be a moderately overweight woman with no other physical signs of ill health .
Her labs told another story .
Total cholesterol : 416
LDL : ?
HDL : ?
TG : 2992
( Like Jesse ’s and Angie ’s labs , Betsy ’s did n’t show HDL because the serum was too lipemic . )
After three weeks on the program , Betsy lost 11 pounds and came through with the following labs :
Total cholesterol : 177
LDL : 122
HDL : 36
TG : 94
By then , I was kind of getting used to these seemingly miraculous lipid improvements , so I was no longer stunned .
But it did confirm that I was on the right track .
After my experiences with these four patients , all of whom came to see me over about a three month period , I became convinced that my theorizing about the potent effects of reducing insulin was based in reality .
Over the ensuing years , I saw many , many more patients with disturbed lipid metabolism whom I successfully treated with low - carb , high - fat diets , but these four , coming as close together as they did in the early days of my feeling my way along in my low - carb career , gave me the conviction to press on .
I am eternally grateful to them .
You have the path to choose
We Know You Have Many Choices For A Family Law Attorney Make Your Decision With Your Eyes Wide Open
Tesla Motors is partnering with Toyota to make electric cars at a defunct auto plant in California in a deal that is expected to create thousands of jobs , the two companies announced Thursday .
Part of the deal will involve Toyota purchasing $ 50 million of Tesla ’s common stock , the companies said in a joint statement .
“ Toyota is a company founded on innovation , quality , and commitment to sustainable mobility .
It is an honor and a powerful endorsement of our technology that Toyota would choose to invest in and partner with Tesla , ” said Tesla CEO and co-founder Elon Musk .
The companies intend to collaborate on the development of electric vehicles , parts , and production system and engineering support , Toyota President Akio Toyoda in a joint press conference Thursday .
“ Through this partnership , by working together with a venture business such as Tesla , Toyota would like to learn from the challenging spirit , quick decision - making , and flexibility that Tesla has .
Decades ago , Toyota was also born as a venture business .
By partnering with Tesla , my hope is that all Toyota employees will recall that ‘ venture business spirit , ’ and take on the challenges of the future . ”
The venture is expected to create thousands of jobs at the recently shuttered New United Motor Manufacturing plant , or Nummi , in Fremont .
Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger also spoke at Thursday 's press conference and thanked the companies for bringing their business to the state .
" This all hapened because we created tax incentives for this company and this partnertship , " Schwarzenegger said .
Read the full story on CNNMoney.com
On the wires .
Everyone kinda forgot that the Gulf Of Mexico is also bordered by ... Mexico .
Android cameras just keep getting better .
They 've got great movie - making capabilities , killer flashes , and the megapixels are on the rise with each new Android device that hits the market .
But even the best photos — and the best camera phone photographers — sometimes need a bit of TLC .
Whether your latest snap needs a little Lomo touch or you need to crop a stranger out of an otherwise perfect party pic , you could use a few good Android apps for taking and editing perfect photos .
Here are 8 awesome apps for taking advantage of your Android device 's camera .
If you 've got faves we did n't mention here , be sure to let us know about them in the comments .
8-android-photo-apps
For more mobile coverage , follow Mashable Mobile on Twitter or become a fan on Facebook
More Android resources from Mashable :
[ img credit : kelseyohgee ]
Israel 's president , Shimon Peres , today robustly denied revelations in the Guardian and a new book that he offered to sell nuclear weapons to apartheid South Africa when he was defence minister in the 1970s .
His office said " there exists no basis in reality " for claims based on declassified secret South African documents that he offered nuclear warheads for sale with ballistic missiles to the apartheid regime in 1975 .
" Israel has never negotiated the exchange of nuclear weapons with South Africa .
There exists no Israeli document or Israeli signature on a document that such negotiations took place , " it said .
But Sasha Polakow - Suransky , the American academic who uncovered the documents while researching a book on the military and political relationship between the two countries , said the denials were disingenuous , because the minutes of meetings Peres held with the then South African defence minister , PW Botha , show that the apartheid government believed an explicit offer to provide nuclear warheads had been made .
Polakow - Suransky noted that Peres did not deny attending the meetings at which the purchase of Israeli weapons systems , including ballistic missiles , was discussed .
" Peres participated in high level discussions with the South African defence minister and led the South Africans to believe that an offer of nuclear Jerichos was on the table , " he said .
" It 's clear from the documentary record that the South Africans perceived that an explicit offer was on the table .
Four days later Peres signed a secrecy agreement with PW Botha . "
While Peres 's office said there are no documents with his signature on that mention nuclear weapons , his signature does appear with Botha's on an agreement governing the broad conduct of the military relationship , including a commitment to keep it secret .
Today politicians and academics in South Africa said the apartheid regime 's cooperation with Israel was an " open secret " and they welcomed the current government 's move to declassify sensitive documents which provided details of key meetings .
Steven Friedman , the director of Centre for the Study of Democracy at Rhodes University and the University of Johannesburg , said : " There was a close cooperation on a range of issues .
In the 1970s and 1980s there was a sudden influx of Israeli nuclear scientists .
We knew there was extensive military cooperation . "
Professor Willie Esterhuyse , who played a critical role in opening and maintaining dialogue between the apartheid government and the ANC , said : " Most of us knew there was close cooperation on nuclear research with not just Israel but also the French .
But we had no factual evidence .
We eventually figured out it was more than just rumours , but we never knew the precise details . "
Opposition politicians praised the post - apartheid government for resisting attempts by the Israeli authorities to prevent the documents from becoming public .
David Maynier , the shadow defence minister , speculated that the ANC government had decided it would not be damaged by releasing the documents .
" It did not take me entirely by surprise , because I think it was a pretty open secret there was extensive cooperation between South Africa and Israel .
But before now the details were super - secret , " he said .
The South African documents obtained by Polakow - Suransky and published in today 's Guardian , include " top secret " South African minutes of meetings between senior officials from the two countries as well as direct negotiations in Zurich between Peres and Botha .
The South African military chief of staff , Lieutenant General RF Armstrong , who attended the meetings , drew up a memo laying out the benefits of South Africa obtaining the Israeli missiles – but only if they were fitted with nuclear weapons .
Polakow - Suransky said the minutes record that at the meeting in Zurich on 4 June 1975 , Botha asked Peres about obtaining Jericho missiles , codenamed Chalet , with nuclear warheads .
" Minister Botha expressed interest in a limited number of units of Chalet subject to the correct payload being available , " the minutes said .
The document then records that : " Minister Peres said that the correct payload was available in three sizes " .
The use of a euphemism , the " correct payload " , reflects Israeli sensitivity over the nuclear issue .
Armstrong 's memorandum makes clear the South Africans were interested in the Jericho missiles solely as a means of delivering nuclear weapons .
The use of euphemisms in a document that otherwise speaks openly about conventional weapons systems also points to the discussion of nuclear weapons .
In the end , South Africa did not buy nuclear warheads from Israel and eventually developed its own atom bomb .
The Israeli authorities tried to prevent South Africa 's post - apartheid government from declassifying the documents .
Peres 's angry response to the revelations is unusual , because of Israel 's policy of maintaining " ambiguity " about whether it possesses nuclear weapons .
The Israeli press quoted anonymous government officials challenging the truth of the documents .
Polakow - Suransky said it is possible Peres made the offer without the approval of Israel 's then prime minister , Yitzhak Rabin .
" Peres has a long history of conducting his own independent foreign policy .
During the 1950s as Israel was building its defence relationship with France , Peres went behind the back of many of his superiors in initiating talks with French defence officials .
It would not be surprising if he broached the topic in discussions with South Africa 's defence minister without Rabin 's authorisation , " he said .
Polakow - Suransky 's book , The Unspoken Alliance : Israel 's secret Relationship with Apartheid South Africa , is published in the US on Tuesday .
Politician at heart of Israel
Shimon Peres , the man at centre of allegations over nuclear links with apartheid South Africa , has spent decades in government in various cabinet posts , including defence and foreign , as prime minister and now as Israel 's president .
Born in Poland in 1923 , he and his family moved to Palestine under the British mandate when he was 11 .
Many of his relatives were murdered in the Holocaust .
In 1947 , he joined the Haganah , the Jewish force fighting for Israeli independence .
He was placed in charge of personnel and arms purchases .
He Peres rose quickly through the political world in the years immediately after independence , becoming Ddirector general , at 30 , of the defence ministry .
In the following years , he played a leading role in building strategic alliances and developing arms deals .
One of the most important early on was with France , which played a crucial role in the development of Israel 's nuclear programme .
Later , as relations with Paris cooled , he was at the forefront of building links with apartheid South Africa .
Peres was first elected to the Knesset in 1959 .
He persistently challenged Yitzhak Rabin for the Labour party leadership , only becoming leader in 1977 after Rabin was forced out over his wife 's illegal foreign bank account .
He became the unofficial acting prime minister but lost the subsequent general election .
Peres , as foreign minister , won the Nobel peace prize in 1994 with Rabin and Yasser Arafat for the negotiations that produced the Oslo accords .
After Rabin 's assassination in 1995 , he became PM and lost the subsequent election .
In 2005 , he quit Labour to back Ariel Sharon 's new Kadima party .
Two years later , the Knesset elected Peres president .
Peres married Sonya Gelman in 1945 .
They have three children .
On November 30th , 1999 , thousands of protestors descended on the Washington State Convention and Trade Center , where the World Trade Organization ( WTO ) Ministerial Conference was being held to discuss economic globalization , a controversial set of negotiations .
Several groups of protestors ranging from students to civilians , took control of the city blocks surrounding the building , deterring police forces .
Eventually , the governor called a state of emergency due to the number of protestors , marking this as a significant demonstration of public power .
The following is an excerpt from Shut It Down by Lisa Fithian .
It has been adapted for the web .
Prefer audio ?
Listen to the following excerpt from the audiobook of Shut It Down .
At two in the morning on December 2 , 1999 , I sat on a bus outside an arrestee processing center in Seattle with a mighty group of fifty rabble - rousers and dissidents .
The Battle of Seattle raged in the streets as we waited on the bus , not knowing what the police had in mind for us .
We ’d been arrested the morning before while demonstrating in a public park , and had been chanting , singing , and sleeping on that bus for fifteen hours .
An officer came aboard and started the engine .
Finally !
I thought .
But when they did n’t pull forward to where the other buses were parked , I was confused .
When they drove around to the back of the building , where there were no media or supporters to witness , my confusion became fear .
This was the moment we had prepared for .
We had decided that our strategy was to non-cooperate with the police , which often involves going limp when they come to take you away rather than cooperating by walking along .
It can also mean refusing to give your name at the station , forcing them to process you as Jane Doe or John Doe .
As the police entered the bus , we moved off the seats and formed a human chain , sitting down in the aisle , holding on to each other from behind .
I was about the tenth person from the door .
I sat behind Peter Lumsdaine , a tall , slender , soft - spoken organizer in the anti-nuclear movement .
One by one the police came in and , with difficulty , pulled people off the bus .
The officers were frustrated .
You could feel the pressure building .
Peter was next ; he held on to the seat leg .
The next thing I knew , the policeman was unloading a canister of pepper spray directly into Peter ’s face .
He screamed in pain as they pulled him out .
It was horrible and terrifying , and I was next .
When they came for me with canister in hand , I made a quick choice .
I did not hold on or go limp .
I got up and walked off the bus .
This was the beginning of a five - day journey non-cooperating in the Seattle jail .
I have always been an advocate of non-cooperation in our acts of civil disobedience , because that is where our true power lies — but sometimes , the cost is greater than the gain .
Non-cooperation is safer when you have a community backing you , and in Seattle , we had one hell of a community , along with detailed plans for jail solidarity .
What happened in Seattle changed the world .
We came sixty thousand strong to stop the World Trade Organization ( WTO ) from consolidating its power during their ministerial conference taking place at the Washington Convention and Trade Center in downtown Seattle .
The anti-WTO protests represented a new coming - together of previously insular movements — a nascent global justice movement rising up in response to a newly globalized neoliberal world order .
Before Seattle , most people had no clue what the WTO was .
After Seattle , it was a household discussion .
We pierced the dominant cultural veil , and when the state came down hard against us , we rose up with beauty , courage , and grace .
Our fierce ragtag community had the audacity to imagine that a shutdown of the ministerial was possible , and then did the hard work and community building that made it happen .
The whole world was watching as the battle raged for days .
Seattle , for me , was about hope .
We came from every movement , every direction , every age , and every race to say no to the WTO .
The contemporary global justice movement was taking shape , and in the two decades since Seattle , there have been successes and failures , as there always are .
In 1999 the seeds of the movement were blooming with creativity , energy , and action , and the spirit of that time has carried us a long way .
The Global Justice Movement Blooms
Some say that the anti-WTO convergence in Seattle was the beginning of a movement , but it was not .
It was an outgrowth of many movements across the world that were fighting corporate globalization .
The WTO ’s roots go back to the 1940s , when forty - four allied nations gathered in Bretton Woods , New Hampshire , for a UN conference on monetary policy .
A new system and new institutions were created , including the International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) and what was to become the World Bank .
In 1948 a collaboration of nations negotiated a global trade deal called the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade , or GATT .
After several more decades and rounds of trade negotiation , the World Trade Organization was formed in 1994 , replacing GATT .
The WTO took on the role of global negotiator and administrator of multilateral trade agreements , and judge , jury , and arbitrator of global trade disputes .
The capitalists had achieved their global infrastructure , generating enormous wealth for industrialized nations at the expense of the people and the environment .
In the US , corporations had been gutting the manufacturing industries and moving work overseas , creating massive job and wage losses .
Business education became dominant in colleges as a massive financial services industry grew .
CEO and executive pay increased , creating an even deeper wage gap .
The IMF and World Bank were putting country after country in the Global South into debt .
Loans with big interest rates were conditioned on the imposition of structural adjustment policies .
This meant major cuts to social programs , driving people deeper into poverty while their land , labor , and natural resources were made available on the global market .
Sweatshops boomed .
Farmers lost their farms .
Indigenous people lost their forests , land , and water .
Global pain was spreading , and we were told there was no alternative .
But was this path inevitable ?
We did n’t think so .
And we did not stay home .
Recommended Reads
Live Barn Owl Nest Box Cam – Monterey County , CA
This is a live feed of a wild barns owls named Sol and Luna .
The male ( Sol ) has a white chest and face .
He usually shows up after dark but has spent an entire day with the female .
This nesting pair moved in March 3 , 2019 .
The camera feed is brought to you by MRWMD ( Monterey Regional Waste Management District ) .
The Barn Owls provide a natural form of pest management at MRWMD .
More information about the cam can be found at the MRWMD facebook page .
Here is a good video about the Barn Owl project : youtube.com/watch?v=Y4bXbf1BKjw
2019 Nesting Information : 1st egg 3/7/19 .
By 3/25/19 , 9 eggs were seen .
All of the owls had hatched by 4/24/19 .
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Karun Chandhok may have run over a steering wheel and have his Monaco Grand Prix end with a car on top of him , but he labelled his afternoon as one of the best races of his life .
The HRT driver was locked in a tight fight with the other new teams throughout the Monte Carlo event - but could n't avoid trouble as he ran over Rubens Barrichello 's errant steering wheel at one point before Jarno Trulli launched himself over the top of him after an over - optimistic move at Rascasse .
Despite the crazy afternoon , Chandhok was delighted with the speed he showed and the way most of his afternoon went .
" I think that was one of my best races , " Chandhok told AUTOSPORT .
" Bruno pitted early on and the team left me out , so I had to make 18 seconds on him - and I did six seconds in the first eight laps .
I touched the wall five times - and they were like qualifying laps !
" After the pitstop , I was catching Bruno , but there was no point trying to pass him .
Then Jarno tried something silly really .
I do n't think he would even have enough steering lock to get around the corner from the angle he was coming at - and he would have done the old 2006 parking move !
He has apologised .
" He is not an idiot , I quite like him and he is a nice guy .
I think when he apologises he know he has screwed up . "
Although television footage appeared to show Trulli's car hitting Chandhok 's helmet , the Indian claimed he avoided any car contact by ducking his head .
" Fortunately I was a bit lucky as I ducked and he went over my head , " he said .
" It did n't actually touch me and it looked worse than it actually was .
" But it was very frustrating because that was probably my best race of the year in terms of pace .
We were racing the other two new teams and I was quicker than Bruno in the race , so it was a bad way to end . "
Chandhok also revealed that he dragged Barrichello 's errant steering wheel all the way down to the tunnel section of the track .
" It got lodged underneath the car , so I could feel it scraping all the way through Mirabeau .
Then the noise stopped and one of the marshals reported back that it fell out of my car in the tunnel .
But then Bruno ran over it - so that steering wheel has been well and truly Hispania'd ! "
CNN is featuring ideas from iReporters and experts alike on how to help fix the oil disaster on TV .
We 're taking a closer look at which ones might actually work .
Bill Nye , the infamous " Science Guy " talks to CNN 's Kyra Phillips today about the latest slew of ideas coming from experts , celebrities , viewers and readers of his web site and why solving the problem may not be as easy as people think - because the pressure below the ocean is much higher than anything we would experience in real life .
i Report : Have an idea on how to fix the oil disaster ?
Send your ideas
You can check out all of the ideas submitted so far on the blog and if you ’ve got a solution to share , you can upload your video to CNN iReport .
Send the government your ideas
I have watched with interest the coverage of the IPCC ’s screw - up over the Himalayan glaciers .
“ Screw - up ” is really the best way to describe it .
It really should n’t have happened .
WG2 cited a secondary source that cited something else that cited something else that turned out to be an erroneous New Scientist article .
The reviewers of WG2 did realize that something was wrong with the citation , but the editor did n’t bother to take the statement out while they investigated it , and then their deadline passed .
Long story short , the Himalayan glaciers are definitely not going to disappear by 2035 .
However , what the mainstream media considers “ the IPCC report ” is generally only WG1 , and more specifically the WG1 Summary for Policymakers .
This Himalayan glacier claim was in the lower - profile WG2 , and it did n’t even make it into any of the WG2 summaries .
If it had , the chances of it slipping through would have decreased dramatically .
As it was , the mistake was present in one paragraph of the 938 - page WG2 which is one of three sections of the fourth edition of the IPCC report .
Not very high - profile , as these things go .
It ’s strange , though , to watch the media coverage of this screw - up .
It ended up in my BBC News feed , and according to one of my teachers , in the Globe and Mail as well as the local newspaper I just gave up on .
That ’s fine , as I did n’t see the kind of blatant misquotes and jumps in logic as during the CRU reporting .
However , it makes me wonder – why were n’t all the other IPCC mistakes reported ?
The IPCC tries to be centrist , and to report the median opinion of the climate science community .
The more extreme claims on either end of the spectrum are given minimal attention .
Therefore , the IPCC is bound to make some mistakes .
However , with the exception of this screw - up , virtually all the mistakes have been on the side of “ oops , it ’s going to be worse than we thought ” .
Take the Copenhagen Diagnosis , a 2009 report written by a dozen or so top climate scientists around the world .
Its purpose was to update policymakers , in time for Copenhagen , on what had been learned since the AR4 .
Here are the major discrepancies they found :
From 2007 - 2009 , there was about 40 % less Arctic summer sea ice than the IPCC predicted , far exceeding its worst - case scenarios .
Recent global average sea - level rise is about 80 % more than the IPCC predicted .
By 2100 , global sea level is expected to rise at least twice as much as the IPCC predicted .
Global CO2 emissions are around the highest scenarios considered by the IPCC .
Hmmm , these areas of discrepancy – emissions , Arctic ice , sea level rise – are a lot higher - profile than one paragraph about the Himalayan glaciers in WG2 .
But I do n’t remember reading about the Copenhagen Diagnosis anywhere other than the climate science blogs I follow .
None of the mainstream media outlets I follow covered it .
Did anyone else see it somewhere ?
I encourage the reporting of scientific mistakes , as long as the journalism is accurate .
Does n’t it seem strange , though , that the findings of the Copenhagen Diagnosis went virtually unnoticed – while the Himalayan glacier screw - up was covered in every major newspaper in the world ?
Who is choosing to frame the IPCC as alarmist – rather than its true centrist position – and why ?
Jerusalem ( CNN ) -- Israel has attempted to deliver humanitarian aid from an international flotilla to Gaza , but Hamas -- which controls the territory -- has refused to accept the cargo , the Israel Defense Forces said Wednesday .
Palestinian sources confirmed that trucks that arrived from Israel at the Rafah terminal at the Israel - Gaza border were barred from delivering the aid .
Ra'ed Fatooh , in charge of the crossings , and Jamal Khudari , head of a committee against the Gaza blockade , said Israel must release all flotilla detainees and that it will be accepted in the territory only by the Free Gaza Movement people who organized the flotilla .
Israel said it had 20 trucks of aid found on the ships , such as expired medications , clothing , blankets , some medical equipment and toys .
Israel has released all foreign flotilla detainees by Wednesday , but four Israeli Arabs remain in custody .
Nine people died Monday when Israel intercepted an aid vessel bound for Gaza .
Under Israeli policy , humanitarian aid must come through Israel and be checked by Israeli authorities who are looking to intercept smuggled weapons bound for militants aiming to attack Israel .
As part of this policy Israel forbids ships from dropping off goods at Gaza ports and works to thwart smuggling via tunnels between Gaza and Egypt .
Yeah , you read that right .
An honest to goodness PSP and this sucks !
Why does it suck ?
Because it 's awesome and now I feel like the gifts I gave suck suddenly !
Who 's responsible for such tom - foolery ?
They did n't include their name in the letter , they only mentioned that " I 've hidden my reddit username somewhere inside this package ; if you 're nosy enough , you 'll find it . "
Then they went on to even include a USB hub and even wrapped the cables neatly .
That 's a person out for one thing and one thing only - real life karma .
Yeah ... you go ahead and include that perfect little Logitech case ... we know your game .
Well , I 'm desperate to find out who this person is that felt it's ok to belittle everyone 's gift and hand me this overwhelming burden of positive karma .
I 'll update it when I find out so we can all give him positive karma ... that bastard .
Honestly though , this is very cool .
I 'm the guy who always seems to come up short or get stiffed in this situation so I 've very happy . :)
Thank you person who has yet to be named .
http://imgur.com/ONPyi.jpg http://imgur.com/SBrIg.jpg http://imgur.com/ASLn0.jpg http://imgur.com/hAVEp.jpg
Want kids who are smarter and thinner ?
Keep them away from the television set as toddlers .
A shocking study from child experts at the Université de Montréal , the Sainte - Justine University Hospital Research Center and the University of Michigan , published in the Archives of Pediatrics & Adolescent Medicine , has found that television exposure at age two forecasts negative consequences for kids , ranging from poor school adjustment to unhealthy habits .
" We found every additional hour of TV exposure among toddlers corresponded to a future decrease in classroom engagement and success at math , increased victimization by classmates , have a more sedentary lifestyle , higher consumption of junk food and , ultimately , higher body mass index , " says lead author Dr. Linda S. Pagani , a psychosocial professor at the Université de Montréal and researcher at the Sainte - Justine University Hospital Research Center .
The goal of the study was to determine the impact of TV exposure at age 2 on future academic success , lifestyle choices and general well being among children .
" Between the ages of two and four , even incremental exposure to television delayed development , " says Dr. Pagani .
A total of 1,314 kids took part in the investigation , which was part of the Quebec Longitudinal Study of Child Development Main Exposure .
Parents were asked to report how much TV their kids watched at 29 months and at 53 months in age .
Teachers were asked to evaluate academic , psychosocial and health habits , while body mass index ( BMI ) was measured at 10 years old .
" Early childhood is a critical period for brain development and formation of behaviour , " warns Dr. Pagani .
" High levels of TV consumption during this period can lead to future unhealthy habits .
Despite clear recommendations from the American Academy of Pediatrics suggesting less than two hours of TV per day -- beyond the age of two -- parents show poor factual knowledge and awareness of such existing guidelines . "
According to the investigation , watching too much TV as toddlers later forecasted :
a seven percent decrease in classroom engagement ;
a six percent decrease in math achievement ( with no harmful effects on later reading ) ;
a 10 percent increase in victimization by classmates ( peer rejection , being teased , assaulted or insulted by other students ) ;
a 13 percent decrease in weekend physical activity ;
a nine percent decrease in general physical activity ;
a none percent higher consumption of soft drinks ;
a 10 percent peak in snacks intake ;
a five percent increase in BMI .
" Although we expected the impact of early TV viewing to disappear after seven and a half years of childhood , the fact that negative outcomes remained is quite daunting , " says Dr. Pagani .
" Our findings make a compelling public health argument against excessive TV viewing in early childhood and for parents to heed guidelines on TV exposure from the American Academy of Pediatrics . "
Since TV exposure encourages a sedentary lifestyle , Dr. Pagani says , television viewing must be curbed for toddlers to avoid the maintenance of passive mental and physical habits in later childhood : " Common sense would have it that TV exposure replaces time that could be spent engaging in other developmentally enriching activities and tasks which foster cognitive , behavioral , and motor development . "
" What 's special about this study is how it confirms suspicions that have been out there and shown by smaller projects on one outcome or another .
This study takes a comprehensive approach and considers many parental , pediatric and societal factors simultaneously , " she adds .
This research was funded by the Social Science and Humanities Research Council of Canada .
The article , published in the Archives of Pediatrics & Adolescent Medicine , was authored by Linda S. Pagani , Caroline Fitzpatrick and Tracie A. Barnett of the Université de Montréal and its affiliated Sainte - Justine University Hospital Research Center in Canada in collaboration with Eric Dubow of the University of Michigan in the United States .
EVEN HALPERIN WON’T DEFEND GOP TACTICS ….
It was a lively discussion on “ Morning Joe ” this morning , when White House economic adviser Austan Goolsbee appeared to discuss Wall Street reform .
In particular , he explained why GOP talking points about “ bailouts ” are n’t just wrong , but are in fact the opposite of reality .
Visit msnbc.com for breaking news , world news , and news about the economy
Goolsbee also did a nice job highlighting the GOP ’s motivations for repeating obvious nonsense : “ Everybody knows a consultant just handed them that line and they ’re just reading it .
It does n’t matter what ’s in the bill .
It could be a bill about breakfast cereal and they ’re going to say this is a bailout bill . ”
But what was especially interesting this morning was the moment when host Joe Scarborough turned to Time ‘s Mark Halperin , and urged him to “ defend the Republican position ” on the legislation .
Halperin , who often seems more than sympathetic to the GOP line , could n’t bring himself to support the Republican arguments .
“ I cannot defend what they ’re doing , ” Halperin said .
“ They are willfully misreading the bill or they are engaged in a cynical attempt to keep the president from achieving something . ”
Note to Republicans : when even Mark Halperin is calling you out for lying , the conventional wisdom is turning against you .
BERLIN ( Reuters ) - German police detained a nightclub reveler they caught trying to snort amphetamines off the top of their unmarked patrol car .
The 26 - year - old began lining up the powdered drugs on the roof of the car in a disco car park , when the two police officers surprised him , a Nuremberg police spokesman said on Tuesday .
The man had no idea the normal looking vehicle belonged to the police , and it was coincidence that the officers -- who were walking by their parked car -- discovered him just as he was about to take the drugs .
“ He ’s got horrible luck , ” said Bert Rauenbusch , police spokesman in the southern German city .
The financial reform bill designed to prevent another economic blowout like the one seen in 2008 may die in a Republican filibuster after Sen. Scott Brown ( R - MA ) announced he has serious reservations about it .
Brown is seen as being the necessary 60th vote in the Senate to overcome a filibuster .
Though he had voted in favor of the bill in May , Brown now says he can’t abide by the recent inclusion of a $ 19 - billion tax on banks in the bill .
The new tax is meant to pay for the oversight agencies being created under the financial reform package .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Brown ’s possible defection from the bill increases the chance of a successful Republican filibuster this time unless Democratic leaders can find another vote , ” Reuters reported Sunday .
Ã¢â‚ ¬Å“ While IÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢m still reviewing the billÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s details , these provisions were not in the Senate version of the bill which I previously supported , Ã¢â‚ ¬Â Brown said , as quoted at the Boston Herald .
“ I ’ve said repeatedly that I can not support any bill that raises tax . ”
Brown became a household name earlier this year when he won the election to replace the late Sen .
Ted Kennedy as senator from Massachusetts .
Brown has already played a large role in the shaping of the reform bill .
As Pat Garofalo reports at ThinkProgress , he successfully managed to water down the “ Volcker rule ” provision in the bill .
That rule would restore a regulation , in place until 1999 , that prevents commercial banks from “ proprietary trading . ”
Under the rule , banks would only be allowed to go into risky investments on behalf of customers , not on behalf of themselves .
Many economists argue that the lack of a “ Volcker rule ” led to to the bank collapse of 2008 .
But Brown ’s compromise means that , under the new regulatory structure , banks would still be allowed to set aside a portion of their capital — about three percent — to use for investment in hedge funds and private equity funds .
ADVERTISEMENT
If passed into law , the financial reform bill will create a new consumer protection agency to monitor banking activities ; create a process for dismantling failed banks without using taxpayers ’ money ; and regulate derivatives , the financial instruments blamed for the banking crisis .
In his Saturday radio address , President Obama pushed for final passage of the bill , earlier forms of which have already been approved by the House and Senate .
“ I do n’t have to tell you why these reforms are so important , ” Obama said .
“ We ’ll put in place the strongest consumer financial protections in American history , and create an independent agency with an independent director and an independent budget to enforce them . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ As I speak , we are on the cusp of enacting the toughest financial reforms since the Great Depression , ” he said .
According to the president , securing progress on Wall Street reform has not been easy , and those opposed to it had spent millions of dollars and hired an army of lobbyists to stop reform dead in its tracks .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ But because we refused to back down , and kept fighting , we now stand on the verge of victory , ” Obama pointed out .
— With a report from AFP
Carnivorous Sheep Profile Blog Joined November 2008 Baa ?
14081 Posts Last Edited : 2010-06-11 21:31:12 # 1 June 28th
Again , I can't vouch for authenticity , but it seems legit from a cursory examination .
---------------
http://playxp.com/sc2/news/view.php?article_id=1970777
PlayXP claims
Blizzard sent them a private press release , stating that the second phase of beta is to be expected at the end of June .
The pink high - lighted text is the relevant portion .
Apologies if this was posted before .
Update : A poster on the sc2.178.com forums claims to have taken a picture of this announcement that 's been posted in a lot of Korean PC Cafes saying that the beta will return onAgain , I can't vouch for authenticity , but it seems legit from a cursory examination .
---------------PlayXP claims
Blizzard sent them a private press release , stating that the second phase of beta is to be expected at the end of June .
The pink high - lighted text is the relevant portion .
Apologies if this was posted before .
Translator Baa !
Baarn Profile Joined April 2010 United States 2575 Posts Last Edited : 2010-06-10 06:31:35 # 2
There is no beta .
Only Zool !
There 's no S in KT . :P
Artosis Profile Blog Joined June 2004 United States 2114 Posts # 3 HOPE SO .
SO SICK OF SEEING FRIENDS OMG ..
Commentator http://twitter.com/Artosis
EvilMaishidon Profile Joined May 2010 United States 125 Posts # 4 On June 10 2010 15:44 Artosis wrote :
HOPE SO .
SO SICK OF SEEING FRIENDS OMG ..
LOL , truth FTW LOL , truth FTW
StayFrosty Profile Joined February 2010 Canada 738 Posts # 5 lol artosis
tontonba Profile Joined March 2010 United States 74 Posts # 6 rofl
play hon
We 'll be chillin ' from 93 until ...
Megalisk Profile Blog Joined October 2008 United States 6095 Posts # 7 .
I wo n't be playing , so it does n't affect me , but GLHF to those who will be Tear stained american saints and dirty guitar dreams across a universe of desert and blue sky , gas station coffee love letters and two dollar pistol kisses from thirty five dollar hotel room stationary .
Sfydjklm Profile Blog Joined April 2005 United States 9207 Posts # 8 dreamhack is june 19th - 21st .
there are still 2 qualifiers left .
And FA tells me that DH has always been in a tight knit relationship with blizzard .
Granted there might be technical issues but i expect the projected date for " phase two " is something like june 17th at the latest twitter.com / therealdhalism |
" Trying out Z = lots of losses vs inferior players until you figure out how to do it well ( if it even works ) . " - Liquid 'Tyler
Enfold Profile Joined March 2010 United States 110 Posts # 9
On June 10 2010 15:48 tontonba wrote :
rofl
play hon
That 's what I 've been doing
That 's what I 've been doing
ApolloSC2 Profile Blog Joined July 2009 United Kingdom 804 Posts # 10 On June 10 2010 15:44 Artosis wrote :
HOPE SO .
SO SICK OF SEEING FRIENDS OMG ..
www.twitter.com/apollosc2
slained Profile Blog Joined October 2006 Canada 963 Posts # 11 On June 10 2010 15:44 Artosis wrote :
HOPE SO .
SO SICK OF SEEING FRIENDS OMG ..
Subversion Profile Blog Joined April 2010 South Africa 3620 Posts # 12 im to cheap to buy hon since it came out of beta , haha :D
Shurimpu Profile Joined April 2010 United States 50 Posts # 13 I do n't understand Korean , but yes , they appear to be dates .
The day Beta started and ended are there , and I do n't get the middle two dates , but they were probably big patches ( content ones ? )
The last one is 6 , without a numerical date .
So , sometime in June , obviously in the future .
Here 's hoping this is n't complete horse crap !
:D
Lurker
pyr0ma5ta Profile Joined May 2010 United States 458 Posts # 14 On June 10 2010 15:44 Artosis wrote :
HOPE SO .
SO SICK OF SEEING FRIENDS OMG ..
Same here .
JK , I do n't have friends .
Same here .
JK , I do n't have friends .
" I made you a zergling , but I eated it . "
- Defiler
NeoLearner Profile Blog Joined January 2010 Belgium 1786 Posts # 15
I 'm just saying , Expected end of june is quite a safe guess .
I would be more impressed if they said next week Even without a statement from Blizzard , is n't that what you would guess anyway ?
Any sooner and it would n't have made sense to take the beta offline .
Any later and they wo n't have time to get enough relevant data to draw conclusions .
I 'm just saying , Expected end of june is quite a safe guess .
I would be more impressed if they said next week Bankai - Correlation does not imply causation
ZenDeX Profile Blog Joined May 2008 Philippines 2872 Posts # 16 On June 10 2010 15:50 Sfydjklm wrote :
dreamhack is june 19th - 21st .
there are still 2 qualifiers left .
And FA tells me that DH has always been in a tight knit relationship with blizzard .
Granted there might be technical issues but i expect the projected date for " phase two " is something like june 17th at the latest
I hope that this is true so that we can have WGT SC2 kicking off !
I hope that this is true so that we can have WGT SC2 kicking off !
danl9rm Profile Blog Joined July 2009 United States 2728 Posts # 17 here 's hoping " Science has so well established that the preborn baby in the womb is a living human being that most pro-choice activists have conceded the point .
.. since the abortion proponents have lost the science argument , they are now advocating an existential one . "
Turbo .
Tactics Profile Joined April 2010 Germany 675 Posts # 18
Hope so , so my girlfriend can break up again :D Zerg - because Browders sons hate 'em
DrakanSilva Profile Blog Joined March 2010 Chile 835 Posts # 19 but i think i've readed that somewere in the beta forums ... that the beta would come back between the end of june and start of july ...
but on june 17th ... that 's sounds good since Bnet 2.0 must still be tested if they are going to add chat channels as they said .
And rofl at artosis jajajajaja .
get a girlfriend !
and then dump her when phase 2 begins :D
In the beginning there was nothing ... and then exploded
Grobyc Profile Blog Joined June 2008 Canada 18409 Posts # 20 On June 10 2010 15:44 Artosis wrote :
HOPE SO .
SO SICK OF SEEING FRIENDS OMG ..
On June 10 2010 15:59 Turbo .
Tactics wrote :
Hope so , so my girlfriend can break up again :D
lmao hahaha lmao hahaha
If you watch Godzilla backwards it 's about a benevolent lizard who helps rebuild a city and then moonwalks into the ocean .
1 2 3 4 5 Next All
Scientists still puzzle over how Earth emerged from its last ice age , an event that ushered in a warmer climate and the birth of human civilization .
In the geological blink of an eye , ice sheets in the northern hemisphere began to collapse and warming spread quickly to the south .
Most scientists say that the trigger , at least initially , was an orbital shift that caused more sunlight to fall across Earth 's northern half .
But how did the south catch up so fast ?
In a review paper published June 25 in the journal Science , a team of researchers look to a global shift in winds for the answer .
They propose a chain of events that began with the melting of the large northern hemisphere ice sheets about 20,000 years ago .
The melting ice sheets reconfigured the planet 's wind belts , pushing warm air and seawater south , and pulling carbon dioxide from the deep ocean into the atmosphere , allowing the planet to heat even further .
Their hypothesis makes use of climate data preserved in cave formations , polar ice cores and deep - sea sediments to describe how Earth finally thawed out .
" This paper pulls together several recent studies to explain how warming triggered in the north moves to the south , ending an ice age , " said study co-author Bob Anderson , a geochemist at Columbia University 's Lamont - Doherty Earth Observatory .
" Finally , we have a clear picture of the global teleconnections in Earth 's climate system that are active across many time scales .
These same linkages that brought the earth out of the last ice age are active today , and they will almost certainly play a role in future climate change as well . "
Earth regularly goes into an ice age every 100,000 years or so , as its orientation toward the sun shifts in what are called Milankovitch cycles .
At the peak of the last ice age , about 20,000 years ago , with New York City and large parts of Europe and Asia buried under thick sheets of ice , Earth 's orbit shifted .
More summer sunlight began falling on the northern hemisphere , melting those massive ice sheets and sending icebergs and fresh water into the North Atlantic Ocean .
It may sound counterintuitive , but the paper says freshening of the North Atlantic triggered a series of cold spells in Greenland and northern Europe by shutting down the Gulf Stream current , which usually carries warm water north from the equator .
Sea ice spread across the North Atlantic , bringing bitter cold winters to Europe and profoundly reshaping the planet 's wind belts .
With the North Atlantic in a deep freeze , the tropical trade winds shifted south , bringing dry spells across much of Asia and rain to normally arid regions of Brazil .
The displaced winds moved not only rain further south , but hot air and warm seawater , heating up the southern hemisphere .
The southern hemisphere westerly winds also shifted south , bringing warm air and seawater to the mid-latitudes .
By about 18,000 years ago , mountain glaciers in South America and New Zealand started to melt as the displaced winds blew warm air their way .
By 16,000 years ago , the glaciers had beaten a spectacular retreat .
This shift in westerly winds would also amplify the warming in both hemispheres by resetting the planet 's thermostat , as Anderson has proposed in an earlier study in Science .
The displaced westerlies caused heavy mixing in the Southern Ocean around Antarctica , pumping dissolved carbon dioxide from the water into the air .
Ice core records show that between 18,000 and 11,000 years ago atmospheric carbon dioxide levels rose from 185 parts per million to 265 parts per million .
( Today levels are 393 parts per million , after a sustained rise during the industrial era . )
The infusion of carbon dioxide came just as the planet 's orientation was shifting , and summer sunlight to the northern hemisphere was declining , at about 11,000 years ago .
The boost in carbon dioxide may have prevented Earth from falling into another ice age , the scientists say .
" It 's the great global warming of all time , " said the study 's lead author , George Denton , a glaciologist at the University of Maine , and an adjunct scientist at Lamont .
" We 're trying to answer the puzzle : why does the Earth , when it appears so firmly in the grip of an ice age , start to warm ? "
Scientists have long suspected that carbon dioxide played a major role in the last ice age but have had trouble explaining the early warming in the southern hemisphere , where glaciers in Patagonia and New Zealand were melting before carbon dioxide levels rose significantly .
Some scientists suggest that a change in ocean currents , triggered by the freshening of the North Atlantic , caused this early warming .
But computer models using ocean circulation to explain the rapid warming in the south have been unable to recreate the large temperature jumps seen in the paleoclimate record .
Now , with the evidence for shifting southern hemisphere westerlies , the rapid warming is readily explained .
The privacy issues around Facebook are so widely covered that I 'd rather not beat that dead horse here .
However , there are many lessons around the Facebook debacle for the rank - and - file cloud computing providers , whose numbers are growing weekly .
The core issue is that Facebook has been focused on the data it is gathering and not the users it is serving .
Facebook seems to view users as content providers and does not consider their core needs .
[ Get the no-nonsense explanations and advice you need to take real advantage of cloud computing in the InfoWorld editors ' 21 - page Cloud Computing Deep Dive PDF special report , featuring an exclusive excerpt from David Linthicum 's new book on cloud architecture .
| Stay up on the cloud with InfoWorld 's Cloud Computing Report newsletter . ]
Cloud providers could be making the same mistake as Facebook : viewing users as accounts that generate revenue , instead of as people and businesses that need to have their core requirements understood .
I 'm seeing this a bit today with some of the larger cloud computing providers focusing more on numbers than on service .
In Facebook 's case , its " numbers before customers " mistake was in privacy settings , where the default was opting users into a more public profile than they would likely want -- with the unpleasant result of letting stalkers track their victim or your coworkers discovering your interest in collecting comics .
Facebook has compounded that mistake with the arrogant belief that only the tech media care about their privacy problems .
In the case of the cloud providers , their mistake is about not learning how their users need to deal with security , and not making sure to be highly secure .
Truth be told , cloud providers today pay lip service to security , but do n't meet the core security requirements that most enterprises and governments seek .
Moreover , if they ever change or break their security systems , without working with their users , they will be history -- and fast .
I suspect that some cloud computing provider will bite the security dust at some point and spin the resulting outage as a " blip " in service -- in the same misguided way Facebook does n't admit that privacy matters to its users .
Of course , it 's not a " blip " if you 're an enterprise depending on a cloud provider , losing a million dollars an hour during the outage .
Facebook users need to remember they can dump Facebook , no matter how popular or central it seems to be .
Remember Friendster and MySpace ?
They too were once " indispensible . "
Facebook could easily find that its customers have moved onto greener , more private pastures .
Likewise , enterprises can move from cloud provider to cloud provider pretty easily .
There is no need to install new hardware or software when dealing with the cloud .
While there are some migrations costs , moving will be easy and cheap enough .
Cloud providers : Do n't be a Facebook .
This article , " Facebook 's critical lesson for cloud providers , " originally appeared at InfoWorld.com .
Read more of David Linthicum 's Cloud Computing blog and follow the latest developments in cloud computing at InfoWorld.com .
5 Crazy Controllers That Never Should Have Seen The Light Of Day
This article is reprinted with the permission of Bitmob.com .
Editor ’s note : Mark ’s list of controllers that should have never been made boggles the mind .
Have any of you actually used one of these monstrosities ?
- Brett
Since the advent of the NES gamepad , console controller design has stayed pretty static .
Sure , buttons have proliferated , analogue sticks have been added , and even a bit of waggle incorporated here and there , but the tried - and - true gamepad remains the de-facto means for making Mario jump , Nathan Drake shoot , or Sonic speed from point A to point B .
That does n’t mean the humble controller has n’t gone through crazy reimaginings or diabolical experiments in the quest to fashion the perfect device .
While some of these iterations have been successful , there are a few rejects that either should not have been created or are useful for only one game .
The following controllers certainly fall into those latter categories .
Resident Evil 4 Chainsaw Controller
Released with both the PlayStation 2 and GameCube versions of Resident Evil 4 , this controller ’s design is both aesthetically badass and unappealing at the same time .
I ’ll be the first to say that I ’m a fan of chainsaws in video games , whether I ’m running from a zombie wielding two of them or slicing through said flesh - eater – or any other evildoer , for that matter – with my very own rumbling piece of death .
But this controller brings none of that enjoyment to life .
With its odd button placement and uncomfortable ergonomics , a gamer would certainly be better off just strapping a controller to an actual chainsaw .
( Remember kids , before you try that at home , Hard Hat Harry says to always wear safety goggles when operating heavy machinery . )
Rez Trance Vibrator
Just thinking about this controller makes me feel dirty .
And looking up videos to see how it works made me feel even worse .
If you have to know anything about the game Rez , know that this psychedelic shooter is very dependent on the beat of the music .
Destroying enemies enhances the game music and can leave a player with a sense of synesthesia as your hands begin to move involuntarily with the beat .
For guys who have gotten too involved in this electronica - fuelled rail - shooter and left their significant others neglected — or for people who just really want to get into the groove of the game – the trance vibrator was created .
Plugged into the USB port , the vibrator emits powerful motions in rhythm with the game ’s music .
While the player destroys more enemies and the game becomes more intense , so too do the vibrations of this peripheral , making for an interesting experience either for a “ single player ” or their partner .
While the creator of the game , Tetsuya Mizuguchi , has gone on record saying that it was never meant as a sexual aid , the numerous videos found around the Internet seem to disagree .
Death Crimson Custom Controller
First off , the good news ( or bad news , depending on your point of view ) :
This controller was never available to the general consumer .
An artist who was in love with the game Death Crimson , considered to be one of the worst games for the Sega Saturn , created this controller in order to play it ( Asian girl not included ) .
Filed under “ Oh , another crazy thing from Japan , ” this giant winged insectoid / alien / demon creature has a full controller mounted on the back of it and is actually used by sitting or laying atop it ( the controller is towards the head ) .
While the controller itself looks … interesting , anyone sitting atop it will most likely look like a giant trying to ride Satan ’s tricycle .
Palm - Sized Dance Pads
Have you ever walked into an arcade , looked at the giant Dance Dance Revolution machines , and thought to yourself , “ Man , that looks like so much fun !
But I would jiggle like jelly in a T - shirt doing that ! ”
For those who have never touched the dance floor comes this nifty little invention : pads that sit in the palm of your hands and allow you to play any dance pad game with your thumbs instead of your two left feet .
Your downstairs neighbours and your calves will thank you , but kids who go to the mall in order to make fun of everyone there will have one less tortured soul to make them feel better about themselves .
Dragon Quest Slime Controller
Released with Dragon Quest 8 for the PlayStation 2 , this round controller seems like it would wear your hands out long before you completed the the game ’s 80 - hour quest .
Like the chainsaw controller , comfort did n’t seem to factor into the brainstorming sessions for this blue blob .
It ’s huge and the button layout seems stretched far beyond what a regular hand would be able to reach without having to turn the controller .
The only saving grace is that the game it was made for certainly does n’t require quick actions or simultaneous button presses .
Mark Whitney is a freelance games and technology journalist who is currently attempting to find his place in the industry .
When he is n’t contributing articles to Bitmob , he maintains a personal blog and portfolio over at Fine - Tuned Ink .
Though writing is his passion and what he hopes to fill his days with , Mark is currently pursuing a Master ’s degree in English History at the University of Louisiana at Lafayette .
This was a key federal case argued for ANH - USA and other plaintiffs by Jonathan Emord and the Emord law firm .
It was a remarkable seventh victory for Emord over the FDA in the area of allowable health claims for food or supplements .
Unless reversed on appeal , the decision restricts the Agency ’s ability to place gag orders on the emerging science behind healthy foods and dietary supplements .
The case revolved around what are called qualified health claims .
In a qualified health claim , the producer of a food or supplement tries to share the state of the science behind the product with the public .
If the science is less than completely conclusive , usually the case with food or food related items , the claim is “ qualified ” .
The FDA has never liked qualified health claims .
It wants food and supplements to be treated like drugs and forced to submit to the full FDA approval process in order to make any health claims .
Of course this is crazy .
Food and supplements , being natural , cannot usually be patented , and nobody can afford to spend a billion dollars to gain FDA approval of claims on an unpatented product that anyone else can sell .
The FDA knows this full well .
The real reason it does not want any health claims for food or supplements is probably that it fears that this will create competition for approved drugs– and drugs pay the Agency ’s bills .
This is a scandal that badly needs to be addressed .
The Environmental Protection Agency does not , so far as we can see , represent the interests of coal mining companies .
So why should the FDA represent the drug companies rather than the public ?
Probably because the monopoly created for drug companies by the FDA has given the drug companies vast sums to spend to gain influence .
Coal companies are poor by comparison .
The judge in this case , Ellen Huvelle of the United States District Court of the District of Columbia , rendered a summary judgment .
That means she felt the case was clear from the start .
The FDA was violating freedom of speech by saying that no cancer related health claims about the mineral selenium could be made unless the science was completely conclusive or unless ridiculous and misleading disclaimers were added to the message .
Although this case was focused on selenium , it has much bigger ramifications .
The judge was in effect saying that food and dietary supplement producers have a right under the free speech doctrine to talk about the science behind the product so long as they accurately represent that science .
The FDA is currently flush with cash from new appropriations .
It may appeal .
Even if it does not appeal , it may fall back into a passive aggressive stance of quibbling over every word of every qualified claim .
But at some point , the accumulation of court decisions against the Agency should finally result in some real change .
Although the struggle is far from over , this court victory is an important milestone along the way to an eventual victory for free speech , uncensored science , and common sense .
Share This Post
Resilient technologies can be applied across the spectrum , from the black holes of consumption in developed economies to the most isolated village in the global hinterland , to radically improve security and enable vibrant prosperity .
A good example of how resilient tech can be used for the most basic development is Gobar Gas .
A simple underground bioreactor that produces methane energy for cooking , lighting and other household uses from vegetable waste and dung .
The intrepid and well traveled Michael Yon has a brilliant post on the topic .
He delineates the myriad of benefits from the addition of this simple production system to a household :
Energy independenc e. Methane energy production replaces dozens of hours spent daily gathering firewood .
The conversions saves 2,500 kg of wood per year ( reduces deforestation ) and has important social benefits in that it frees women and children to focus on education and household income generation .
e. Methane energy production replaces dozens of hours spent daily gathering firewood .
The conversions saves 2,500 kg of wood per year ( reduces deforestation ) and has important social benefits in that it frees women and children to focus on education and household income generation .
Food security .
The bioreactor yields a high quality fertilizer slurry that radically improves crop yields ( enough to produce income , especially if combined with a greenhouse ) .
.
The bioreactor yields a high quality fertilizer slurry that radically improves crop yields ( enough to produce income , especially if combined with a greenhouse ) .
Economic development .
A village equipped with numerous bioreactors can become a hub of economic activity .
Michael goes on to point out that Gobar Gas can be applied to counter - insurgency and stabilization programs ( he uses Afghanistan as an example ) .
He 's right .
As I 've pointed out many times before , resilient technologies are central to security and prosperity in the 21st Century , not just in subsistence areas abroad but in the developed world as well .
I 'd be more than happy to work with Michael and other smart folks on identifying , building , funding , and deploying the resilient technology arsenal necessary to achieve this .
It would n't cost much to get going , but I can promise you that it will deliver much , much more bang for the buck , in terms of tangible security and economic progress , than ANY : weapon in the US military 's arsenal , CIA / NSA intelligence program , or IMF financial stabilization package .
Shaun Burke used a large dildo to repeatedly whack a woman over the head in a dispute over ownership of a pet dog .
He wore a leather gimp mask during the attack .
Shaun Burke used a large , plastic dildo to bludgeon a woman in the middle of the night in a dispute over ownership of a pet dog .
Credit : Mackay Daily Mercury
He stole the small Lhasa Apsa dog , called Apso , took it to a nearby park and taped it to the trunk of a palm tree by the neck , killing it .
Judge David Searles described the facts of Burke 's case as grotesque and said the assault on the woman had severe emotional consequences for her .
Burke , 40 , a diesel fitter , pleaded guilty in the Mackay District Court to five charges including burglary involving assault causing bodily harm , and stealing and killing a dog at night .
Read the full story at The Daily Mercury .
On the 1 April 2010 , the Policing and Crime Act became effective .
We are facing not a feminist measure , but an ideology that sees women as unable to be sexually independent and free of their own actions .
Anti-sex - worker laws are sexist .
They are essentialist , paternalist and reinforce the division of women .
It is an essentialist conception to consider sex work as always a violence whatever the period , the place , or the conditions .
Sex workers are often seen only as women when many men and transsexual people are also working , and women are always seen as victims by essence .
All acts of violence against a sex worker are thus analysed as intrinsically the result of sex work itself and not the conditions in which sex work is exercised .
It stops the real violence that exists in the sex industry being visible .
We are told that we must stop sex work to avoid this violence .
If we refuse , we become accomplices of the patriarchal system .
We are accused of being responsible for maintaining an industry that harms women .
Yet bell hooks warned feminists of the dangers of a " shared victimisation " sisterhood .
A victim 's status for women reduce them to beings who must be protected .
It participates in the denial of their capacities .
It denies sex workers the free disposal of our bodies , our self - determination , our capacity to express our sexual consent like children under 16 .
It reinforces the idea that sex workers are too stupid , lazy , without any skills , and without consciousness of their alienation .
Many anti-sex - workers ' rights activists think that rape is the conditioning to becoming a sex worker .
These claims about rape in our childhood or Stockholm syndrome are used to de-legitimate political attempts to be recognised as experts on our lives and to confiscate our voice .
How could we say that a victim of rape has lost her capacity to express her consent because she is traumatised for life ?
We never say that for other people .
Another paternalistic way to deny our voice is to claim that we are manipulated by pimps .
It is a common accusation since the beginning of our movement in 1975 .
This strategy has been used against many groups .
For instance women were accused of being manipulated by the church to be deprived their right to vote .
Instead of fighting the " whore stigma " , middle - class feminists prefer to distance themselves from it , and by doing so reinforce it and exclude those who incarnate this identity .
This participates in the segregation between women .
This may be a form of internalised sexism by other women who think female sex workers give them a bad name .
According to some anti-sex - workers ' rights activists , sex workers maintain the idea that men can own women 's bodies .
Sex workers are told that they create a sexual pressure on the whole women class .
On the contrary , I think that it is by using expressions such as " selling your body " that we reinforce the idea of sex workers being owned and women as objects , while sex workers try to impose the term the " sale of sexual services " between two adult subjects .
How can we talk about the ownership of our bodies when we are on the contrary those who impose their conditions ?
Is n't it an excuse not to question their own sexuality ?
Being penetrated does n't mean that I give my body .
Being paid for sex does n't make me more of an object than when I was working for the minimum wage .
What makes me an object is political discourses that silence me , criminalise my sexual partners against my will , refuse me equal rights as a worker and citizen , and refuse to acknowledge my self - determination and the words I use to describe myself .
Nicolaus Copernicus died a nobody in 1543 , and his theory that the Earth revolved around the Sun was condemned for centuries by the Catholic Church .
He finally got his due this Saturday - the former heretic received a hero 's burial .
Advertisement
Copernicus served as a canon at his church in Frombork , Poland .
After forensic testing corroborated that a corpse found in an unmarked grave under the Frombork cathedral was Copernicus ( the corpse 's DNA matched a hair found in Copernicus ' books and its skull structure synced with 16th century illustrations of the astronomer ) , his body was reburied with a granite tombstone emblazoned with a model of a golden sun encircled by six planets .
The tombstone credits him as both the father of heliocentric theory and a church canon .
Says Copernicus researcher Jack Repcheck :
There is no indication that Copernicus was worried about being declared a heretic and being kicked out of the church for his astronomical views [...]
Why was he just buried along with everyone else , like every other canon in Frombork ?
Because at the time of his death he was just any other canon in Frombork .
He was not the iconic hero that he has become .
Advertisement
I 'm sure somewhere out there in the unknown galactic aether , Nick really appreciates the gesture .
[ Via AP . AP Photo / Jerzy Mytka . ]
Facebook hits Yahoo !
Mail
Marketing
Yahoo , ever since it came into existence has been introducing various social networking applications in its list of services , first it was chatting then messenger , next yahoo dragged orkut on its homepage and now its facebook ’s turn .
Yahoo mail users will now be able to access their facebook accounts using their mailbox .
Moreover scrolling through a friend ’s facebook profile is also facilitated by this new yahoo application .
Though not competing with facebook and the like , this widely used web e-mail service has been trying to earn itself the title of a social networking site .
Not putting a full stop here , and with increased efforts , yahoo is bringing drawing more services for its users .
This integration shall take place through a special partnership between the two firms .
Though not being pushed broadly as of now , these new features – updating the facebook status via yahoo mail and also accessing photos of contacts ; will be hitting only a few selected markets initially but will be opened to wider market within a couple of months .
Yahoo has also launched a facility that enables importing Facebook contact ’s e – mail addresses via the contact importer .
Though this is an ordinary feature , it is likely to receive a warm welcome from yahoo mail users as well as from facebook users .
The best part of the entire news is that facebook shall grant access to your data without you having to fill a separate form , all you will be required to do is click on “ add to Facebook ” in the status section of Yahoo Mail ’s What ’s New page and signing in using your Facebook account .
Once the accounts are linked , users can type a message in a status box that appears in Yahoo Mail and choose to post it on Facebook , on Yahoo or both .
If they choose to post it on Yahoo , the status message shows up on their contacts ’
What ’s New page in Yahoo Mail .
( 6 votes , average : 4.83 out of 5 )
votes , average : out of 5 ) Loading ... Loading ...
Leave a Reply
Veni Vidi Veni Inside the Lusty Lady , Seattle 's Most Famous Peep Show , During Its Last Month on Earth
On a recent sunny Sunday afternoon , a dozen or so employees of the Lusty Lady peep show are gathered at a house in the Central District for a barbecue .
Upstairs , a few dancers and support staff ( who call themselves " the jizz moppers " ) pour mimosas and slice up vegetables for the grill .
" You know one thing I 'm not going to miss about that place is getting those songs stuck in my head , " one of the jizz moppers says .
" Every time I start thinking of one of those songs , I 'm gonna call up Debra " ( one of the managers ) .
He starts to croon : " Let me smell your dick . "
Another dancer walks out of the kitchen , singing , " Put it in your mouth , " and heads downstairs , where the rest of the employees are out in the yard , lounging in the grass , reminiscing about the Lusty as though it has already closed .
Phoenix , the hostess of the barbecue and a dancer at the Lusty , is one of the two women responsible for the peep - show playlist : 150 songs , changed up every few weeks .
" It 's hard to please 50 women , " she says later .
" We have a formula .
Every few songs have to be hiphop or R&B , because those are the booty - dropping songs .
Then we pepper it with disco , pop , classic rock .
I like soul music .
It 's expanded my knowledge of music incredibly , " she says .
" If I 'm in a restaurant or seeing a preview for a movie or whatever , I 'm always listening for something new . "
Phoenix moved to Seattle when she was 17 , intending to go to art school , but never quite made it through the door .
She worked at the Sunglass Hut ( " Business at a Sunglass Hut in Seattle is never great " ) , Cow Chip Cookies in Pioneer Square , and a few restaurant jobs , where she hated how management treated its employees .
She picked up a few shifts as a hostess at the Déjà Vu strip club — cleaning ashtrays , wiping down the stripper pole — but hated that , too .
She says the clubs have a bad atmosphere : Customers have to pay $ 20 just to get in the door , and they 're irritable because there is n't any booze , per state law .
The dancers are irritable because they have to be licensed as independent contractors and pay a stage fee just to perform :
They 're competing with each other for lap dances and tips .
The whole place reeks of desperation and hustle .
Then Phoenix learned about the Lusty Lady .
It pays an hourly wage , so there 's no competition , no hustle .
There 's glass between the dancers and the customers , and a friendly , nurturing atmosphere .
She went for an audition and has been a Lusty Lady ever since .
Outside on the lawn , the peep - show workers are passing around a book of haiku that were originally posted on a dressing - room mirror then collected into this self - published chapbook .
One of them begins to read aloud :
Tie over shoulder
Glancing at watch , must come now
Time to go to work .
" Nadia wrote that , " laughs one of the jizz moppers .
" Wait , wait , here 's another one . "
Oh !
I have to poop !
How much longer ' til my break ?
Damn !
Now I ca n't go !
" Was that me ? " one of the dancers asks .
" That 's me ! "
" I 'm right there with you , sister , " another dancer says .
They start talking about what has kept them at the Lady all these years : flexible hours , which they can arrange around class schedules , travel plans , or volunteer work .
A dancer named Hexe — a tall , dark , tattooed beauty in scuffed black military boots — uses her time off for wilderness EMT training and volunteers as a street medic during large - scale protests , treating people who 've been gassed or beaten by police .
She served at the Republican National Convention in New York and the G8 summit in Scotland , and did some disaster relief in Haiti after the earthquake .
Another has been studying yoga therapy and doing dominatrix training , a career she wants to pursue once the Lady closes .
Another is finishing up her second master 's degree , in cultural studies , and wants to get her PhD at Indiana University 's gender studies program and work with the Kinsey Institute .
They tell war stories of legendarily bad customers who harass the dancers , piss in the booths , and smoke crack in the corners .
" The hardest thing is negotiating drunk dudes out of the toilet at 4:00 a.m. , " one of the jizz moppers says .
" They 're always 300 pounds and just got out of jail with a bunch of fresh facial tattoos .
You try to be nice and say , ' Sir , you gotta go now , ' and then they 're all , ' You talk to me like a little bitch ! '
Then you gotta pull out your Maglite . "
Other customers they remember fondly .
" There was this regular , Lou , " says one dancer .
" A very drunk and beloved regular who died , and everyone was bummed .
We all wanted to go to the funeral , but they 'd probably ask how we knew him .
What would we say ?
' Uhhh ... we 're his stripper girlfriends ? '
He would always shout things : ' Woo !
Take it off !
Woo !
Take it off ! ' "
" He 'd shout that even when there was nothing left to take off , " adds another dancer .
" Like , what more can I show you ?
You want me to take off my skin ? "
And they love the camaraderie at the Lusty Lady .
Several of the dancers say they considered themselves tomboys and did n't get along so well with women before working at the Lady , but the tight quarters and intimacy of the work forged an unlikely family of different ethnic , class , cultural , and educational backgrounds .
Their manager Debra and her sister Candy - Girl are the family matriarchs , steely women who , the dancers say , ran away from foster homes in their teens and grew up tough on the streets of Seattle before finding a home at the Lusty Lady .
" They knew some of the victims of the Green River Killer , " somebody says .
" They know everyone , from transients on the street to judges . "
" I do n't want to talk about Debra anymore , " says another .
" I 'll get a little emotional .
She 's like a mom to us . "
She wipes away a few tears .
The Lusty Lady is one of the last scraps of evidence that downtown Seattle used to be a tough waterfront lined with cheap bars and pawnshops — instead of four - star hotels and condominiums — and that First Avenue used to be called " Flesh Avenue . "
Longtime Seattle Art Museum director Mimi Gates ( stepmother of Bill ) has described the Lusty 's marquee as " a Seattle landmark , " and most of the local and national reports on the Lusty 's decision to close this June after a decades - long run have focused on that marquee , which carries a rotating series of jokes and puns —
" Where Every Miss Is a Hit , " " The Skirt Locker , " " Veni Vidi Veni . "
Sometimes the joke is directed at something happening that week , or something in the news , or something at Seattle Art Museum across the street .
In response to a Chuck Close exhibit a few years ago , the Lusty 's marquee proclaimed " Chuck Clothes ! "
When Gates left the museum , the Lusty bid her adieu : " Bare Well Mimi . "
The employees on the lawn are irritated by everyone 's focus on the building 's exterior .
" Yeah yeah yeah , the marquee , the marquee , " grumbles one of the jizz moppers .
" It 's a little insulting , " says a dancer .
" What about the people who work there ? "
During the Lusty 's high - water mark , dancers made $ 27 an hour plus benefits .
Even support staff got medical and dental insurance , plus free gym memberships — though they 've suffered pay cuts as the failing economy and free internet porn have cut into business .
The Lady is just a few steps from where WaMu was headquartered ; when the bank crashed , it took a big chunk of lunchtime regulars with it .
The big spenders do n't come in so much anymore .
On several recent afternoon visits to the peep show , I did n't see suits so much as Latino day laborers , coming in to break the 50 - and 100 - dollar bills they 'd just been paid with .
" You want to know the down and dirty of how the Lusty Lady really got started ? " asks Tamara the Trapeze Lady , a local burlesque and aerial performer who worked at the Lusty in the 1980s , leaning across the table during an interview like she 's about to reveal a criminal conspiracy .
" It started as a church . "
Back in the early 1980s on First Avenue , just a few doors down from the Showbox , on the other side of the street from where the Lusty is now , was a place called the Temple of Venus ( it 's now known as the Venusian Church and still holds meetings in Redmond ) .
" You 'd come and sit , and there was a small riser — an altar , as it were .
The service would start , and the scrim in back would open to this black , starry - night curtain .
This woman would come out in fancy lingerie and tell a story about a sexual experience she 'd had , and it would culminate with her masturbating .
This was the precursor to the Private Pleasures booth at the Lusty Lady . "
Between the Temple and the Showbox was a video - game arcade called the Amusement Center with a sign in big pink cursive .
Once government officials began to catch on to the Temple , Tamara says , it lost its church license and a peep show moved into the Amusement Center ( the exact financial relationship between the Temple and the peep show is murky ; manager and co-owner Darrell Davis declined to name the other investors ) , keeping the name and the sign .
" They had a room similar to the Temple of Venus called the ' Intimate something - or - other , ' " Tamara says .
" It was the ' 80s , and cocaine was very popular , so parts of my memory are vivid and parts of it are pretty fuzzy . "
Tamara moved to Seattle in 1981 from a small , conservative town in Eastern Washington .
She had years of experience in print shops but could n't find work in the city .
" I was horribly discriminated against , " she says .
" People would tell me , ' We do n't hire women here . '
So I wandered the streets of Seattle , basically despondent , and started hanging out at the Pike Place Market selling art — this fantasy - rainbow - fairy - unicorn crap .
I was very naive at the time .
I was afraid of the Amusement Center .
I would rather have crossed the street than walk by it , that 's how corny I was .
I thought they 'd all drag me in and rape me or something . "
One day , Tamara met a woman on the bus and became " completely infatuated with her — this is before I came out — because she was beautiful , dressed nice , always had her hair in a perfect bun , made her own clothes . "
Tamara was friends with her for months before discovering she worked at the Amusement Center .
" I freaked out .
But then my logical side kicked in , and I thought , ' If someone like that can work at a place like this , I must have a screwed - up idea of what it 's like . ' "
Tamara went into the Amusement Center a few times , thought it was n't so bad , needed some money , and soon found herself onstage .
" It was a really raunchy and really fun time in my life , " she says .
" There was this manager when I first worked there named Bill .
He was really big , really jolly and fun , really generous , and really perverted .
He had this big mobile home with lots of beds , a TV , everything .
Bill died because he hired a hooker who was giving him a blowjob while he drove through downtown Seattle and he had a heart attack .
The car crashed , the hooker fled the scene , and Bill was dead .
That 's when everything went to shit . "
Tamara , like many of the dancers , could go on for hours : about how the post - Bill management was less fun and more uptight , about the parties ( one time they rolled around on a tarp covered in chopped - up fruit ) , about the customers ( there was that guy who started waving a gun at the dancers ) , about their parade across First Avenue when they moved from the old Amusement Center to the Lady 's current home ( " We dressed up in our sexiest lingerie , flashed our breasts , and stopped traffic for a long while " ) , about her clashes with the management ( over her attempts to organize the dancers and her allergy to perfume — she won a settlement with the National Labor Relations Board but agreed never to set foot on the premises again ) , and about how the peep show changed her life .
" The Lusty Lady is the reason I 'm a performer and producer now .
It all started with the Fallen Women Follies , where sex workers could come and play violin , put on a fashion show , read poetry — anything they liked .
Lots of Seattle performers , including Miss Indigo Blue , got their start at the Fallen Women Follies .
I do n't know what would 've happened to me if it were n't for the Lusty Lady . "
The Lusty Lady has three main attractions .
Turn right past the front counter , and you find 12 private booths with windows — some one - way so the dancers can't see you , some two - way — onto the live show .
A quarter will raise the window for a little under 30 seconds , and one of the dancers will wander over and undulate or kneel and wave her behind .
There may be wadded - up Kleenex or little squirts of semen on the floor , the walls , or sometimes the glass .
Some customers , dubbed " glass - lickers , " like to lick up the leavings of other men , despite dancers ' admonishments that it might not be the best for their health .
All kinds of women dance on the stage : black and white and Asian , blonde and brunette , shorn and hirsute , slim and curvy .
Several have tattoos , though ink is discouraged by the old - timers managing the place .
Debra has a monthly lottery for which dancer can get a new tattoo and has to approve the design .
( The management never toppled to the sexual tastes of the SuicideGirls generation , which may be partially responsible for the Lusty 's demise .
Its web presence is almost nonexistent — no schedules for when your favorite dancers might be onstage , no options to video chat with the stripper of your choice , no nothing . )
Turn left past the front desk and you see a row of booths for watching video porn .
Repetitive cries of " Oooh , baby ! " and " Right there ! " and slaps and squishes permeate the air .
This is also where some of the clandestine , nonsexual business takes place .
" Sometimes you 'll pull a guy out of the booth , and it 's billowing with smoke , " says Scott , one of the former jizz moppers .
" And you 'll ask , ' Were you smoking crack in there ? ' and he 'll be all , ' No , no , man !
I was n't smoking no crack in there ! ' "
The first time I visited the Lusty , a ladyfriend and I walked past the back video booth , and a shriveled old black man in a poofy parka popped out .
" Y' all want to have some real fun ? " he asked , raising his eyebrows .
" I mean some real fun ? "
Across the aisle from the video booths is a big fish - tank window with a woman reclining inside ( if she 's available ) or a red curtain pulled across it ( if she 's not ) .
This is the Private Pleasures booth , a highly charged place in the Lusty Lady universe .
It 's the closest the Lady gets to prostitution , though most of the dancers would reject that comparison — the dancer and the patron are separated by glass .
But it 's where one woman and one man talk , react to each other , masturbate , and trade fantasies .
Some dancers only put on a masturbation show , sometimes with sex toys , sometimes not .
It depends on the dancer and how much money you 're willing to pay .
" I have a friend who does a pretty elaborate show , " says Hexe .
" She uses leather straps and suction - cup dildos she sticks to the glass . "
The booth is one of the few points of philosophical friction between dancers .
They all feel comfortable with being sex workers who dance naked for money , but the booth is something else .
Erika Langley , a photographer who wrote a book about the Lusty Lady , quoted one dancer as saying her mother feared that she 'd encounter " negative energy " in the sex industry and meet men " with holes in their souls . "
The booth seems like a place where you might meet men with holes in their souls .
Sometimes the dancers get freaked out by the customers ' fantasies — especially by the pedophiles .
One regular , dubbed Incest Man , comes in with elaborate and specific fantasies about his little stepdaughter : watching her undress from behind a door , being alone with her in a rowboat .
Lux , who has been dancing at the Lady for 11 years , quit working the booth because of its more violent and disturbing customers .
" If a child molester comes in and wants me to pretend I'm 4 , I 'm not comfortable validating that , " she says .
" It 's not my place to decide whether I 'm stoking some kind of fire , and if there 's even a chance that I 'm encouraging someone who might go out and molest a 4 - year - old , I 'm not going to participate . "
Other dancers are more sanguine about it .
" This 'll make me sound crazy , but I do n't think anyone has come in with a fantasy that 's crossed my line , " says Hazel , the dancer finishing her second master 's degree .
" I have really firm beliefs about the line between fantasy and reality .
ACLU research shows there 's no link between pornography and action .
And we should hold people responsible for their actions , not their representations . "
Hazel enjoys the booth , enjoys digging into people 's secret desires .
" I had this client who was fascinating , " she said .
" He was turned on by stories of cannibalism .
He 'd come in at 11:30 in the morning to enact scenarios of cannibalism , and I 'm like , ' Nothing in my life has prepared me for this conversation . '
I tried to remember the movie Alive to see if there was anything I could give him , but then I realized it 's a really simple metaphor we use for the body , to think about it as meats , as something you can consume . "
She eventually worked through the weirdness .
Wildflower , the dancer studying yoga therapy and BDSM , considers the booth a kind of psychosexual social work , helping people explore their more problematic fantasies in " a safe , nurturing way . "
That sounded touchy - feely and euphemistic until I interviewed regular customers like Phillip ( not his real name ) , who estimates that during the second half of the 1990s , he dropped over $ 27,000 at the Lusty Lady .
He was a public figure and a player in local politics , but had a deeply ambivalent relationship with women .
A former fat kid raised by an abusive stepmother , he felt intimidated by women and did n't lose his virginity until his 20s .
He would visit the Lusty Lady a few times each week and spend around $ 35 each time .
That bought him around 45 minutes of relaxation , release , and a slow climb toward sexual self - confidence .
" One time I went to the Private Pleasures booth , and there was this woman , " he says .
" Somebody had taken an X - Acto knife to her breasts , probably in her teens .
Somebody left 20 to 30 inch - long scars on her breasts .
She was so sweet and so reaching through and so human in a way people with all their clothes on at a cocktail party never are .
She said : ' Let me see your chest .
You have a smooth chest — I like that .
You 're so cute , why are you here ?
Why do n't you have a girlfriend ? '
That was five years and a lot of therapy before I was able to get into a real relationship with a woman , and it was so extremely healing for me .
Unprecedentedly healing . "
As for Wildflower , she tends to get businessmen and street thugs who wear lingerie beneath their clothes and old men who just want someone to talk to .
" Old men are the loneliest people in America , " she says , " lonelier than women . "
Once , a Chinese immigrant brought in a 50 - year - old friend who had never masturbated before so she could show him how .
Another guy , a carpenter and world traveler , just liked to watch her do yoga in the nude .
She also had a favorite regular , an older man who liked to put on a wig and pretend to be Dahlia , a secret identity he 'd nurtured since he was 7 years old .
" He 's had tears in his eyes , saying he was grateful that we gave him the chance to show somebody who he is inside , " Wildflower says .
And there 's the developmentally disabled guy who , Wildflower guesses , has no other sexual outlet and thinks of the dancers as his girlfriends .
" He works at the supermarket and saves his money to come to the Lady and tells us he 's going to take us all to Disneyland .
Every time he takes his stuff out , he always asks , ' Are you okay ?
Are you okay ? '
He 's such a love . "
Wildflower 's voice breaks , and she begins crying .
" It 's so hard to talk about them , " she says between sniffles .
" Because I really love these guys .
I really do love them . "
Because it 's a dark warren of nooks and crannies populated by a stream of short - term , anonymous visitors , the Lusty is an excellent place to lose things — accidentally or intentionally .
" Shit , what have n't I found in those booths ? " says Scott during the Sunday barbecue .
" Bloody scissors , crack pipes , knives , guns , drugs , hair , blood — "
" It 's surprising how much blood we 've found there , " says Bob , another jizz mopper .
Why so much blood ?
" I do n't know , " Scott says .
" Never try to get into the mind of the customer .
That way lies madness .
I found a detachable showerhead once .
Fruits and vegetables , all kinds of sex toys , phone cards , gift cards — "
" There was that gift card , " says a dancer named Gypsy .
" We painted our apartment with that . "
One time , Scott says , the jizz moppers found what they thought was a human tongue impaled on a pencil in the bathroom .
Customers lose hundreds — maybe thousands — of dollars in change .
The coin slots are worn down from years of use , and sometimes your quarter rolls right out and onto the floor .
Instinctively , you stoop to pick it up .
Then you see a glint of light reflected in a puddle of semen and decide to let it go .
" I always clean the change with disinfectant and then use it at the bar , " Bob says with a low chuckle .
" It only dawned on one of my bartenders recently , and he was like , ' Oh fuck you , man !
I just figured out why you always pay in quarters ! ' "
" The saddest thing is when you find wedding rings , " Scott says , and the dancers let out a collective moan .
A few questions that the peep - show dancers say they 're tired of getting asked at parties :
What 's your stage name ?
Do you have drug problems ?
Were you molested ?
Can I have a lap dance ?
And even the seemingly innocuous :
How did you become a dancer ?
" It 's okay that you 're asking me here , in the context of an interview , " says Hazel .
" But usually people ask in this very lurid tone like , How did you descend ? "
Hazel says she started " really , officially working in the sex industry five years ago .
But I have an interest in the lines we draw between sex work and what is not sex work . "
Like what ?
" In college , I learned — like a lot of women — to go on dates when I was broke and wanted something particularly , like a nice dinner .
I was a broke chick .
It was n't like someday I entered the abyss .
I had been learning all along to be comfortable with this .
Only retrospectively I thought , ' Oh , that 's sex work . ' "
Other dancers did , in fact , start because they had drug habits to support and no other job skills .
A few had tried dancing in strip clubs , but did n't like the working conditions — paying the stage fee , the competition , the state license that can haunt them for years when trying to get jobs like teaching .
The cutthroat atmosphere cultivated by state laws — dancer licenses , a ban on liquor sales in clubs , rules that say dancers have to be four feet from patrons — actually encourages prostitution by turning clubs into places whose only function is to hustle for sex .
Strip clubs in Washington State are n't places of leisure where people go to hang out and relax while dancers work for an hourly wage :
They 're a tense bazaar where earning a living wage by following the rules is nearly impossible , so breaking the rules is the only way to stay ahead .
Most men go to the Lusty Lady to feel special for a few minutes — to have an orgasm , to show off the lingerie they 're wearing beneath their suits , to stuff their favorite dildos up their butts — but few leave a lasting impression .
" Most customers are just an endless , faceless stream of dudes and penises , " says Hexe .
" I like some pretty kinky stuff , so there are only a couple of customers I remember really , really strongly .
I was surprised by one guy with a tattooed dick — a lot of them were pretty bad , hand - done tattoos with words like ' cock ' and ' lick me . '
He had fishing line embedded in the head of his penis that looked like hair and pearling balls all down his shaft .
When he stroked it , it looked like he was petting a sick caterpillar .
He likes to put quarters in his urethra .
I thought : ' Wow .
It must 've taken a lot of time and dedication to work your way up to that point . '
He can ejaculate with the quarter in there — it looks like his sick caterpillar threw up . "
There are a few other infamous customers .
There 's Pen Guy , who can shove an entire pen up his urethra and partially insert another and is only able to remove them when his cock starts to go flaccid .
There 's Diaper Man , who wears an adult diaper , shits in it , and plays with the results .
There 's Incest Guy .
There 's Jew Boy , who likes Nazi fantasies and Aryan - looking ladies .
There 's Fuck - the - Chinaman , an older Asian guy who likes to shout , " Do n't you wanna fuck the Chinaman ? " and sometimes asks the Asian dancers to order pho in Chinese .
There 's the big black guy who talks in a low , tough - guy voice to the support staff and in a high , feminine voice to the dancers .
" If this job 's taught me anything , " says Sasha , who got into the peep - show business when she was an 18 - year - old meth addict and cleaned up after she became a mother , " it 's that everybody is a freak . "
Most of the dancers worry what will happen to their favorite freaks when the Lady shuts down .
Then there are the fratty dudes who come in on weekends and pick fights .
( " Frat guys are way worse than crackheads , " Scott says .
" Crackheads will put up a front but then back down .
Frat guys always have something to prove . " )
There are the suspiciously heavy tippers : a sweaty , well - dressed Italian who would drop up to $ 80 at the front desk , and the Cuban who always dropped a few morphine pills .
" It was like a do n't - fuck - with - me tax , " said one of the former jizz moppers .
" We do n't know what the hell they were doing back there , but we let them be . "
There was Wheelchair Guy , whose chariot had to be partially disassembled so he could fit into one of the booths .
The jizz moppers all regretted having forgotten him in there , sometimes for hours at a time .
But the sad secret
Hexe says she 's learned working at the Lady is that most guys are pretty boring .
They just want to masturbate while someone else masturbates — or pretends to masturbate — on the other side of the glass .
" They just like to look at vaginas .
They stare at my cunt like their future is somehow magically up in there . "
For some of the jizz moppers , the job has the opposite effect .
At a beery afternoon get - together at Scott 's downtown apartment , the dudes of the Lady begin shouting about " the curse of Mr. Ed . "
The curse of Mr. Ed ?
" Erectile dysfunction , dude , " one of them says .
They attribute the affliction to a variety of causes , from odd working hours to heavy drug use to depression , but they seemed to settle on sexual overload as a root cause .
" When you 're working late , once the live show is all done , you just hear the sounds from the video booth , and it 's all ... " he pauses .
" Seeing the everyday perversion and the — the detritus ? " says another jizz mopper .
" And every kind of body fluid imaginable .
Soon , everything gets kind of numbing . "
They get to talking about what it 's like to date — and marry — dancers .
They agree that it gets more difficult , not less difficult , over time .
" You 're dating a woman who works there , you have to sell her on the microphone to other guys and then go in and clean up after them afterward , " one of them says .
" And you see them acting in a certain way intimately in front of other guys , " another says .
" That headfuck is hard to navigate . "
Most of the old - timers at the Lusty Lady either declined or evaded requests for interviews .
Debra , the longtime manager , said she wanted to talk but then disappeared into an unspecified family crisis .
Her sister Candy Girl seemed weary of interviews ( " Honey , just this week I 've talked to the radio , the newspapers , and some kids writing papers for school " ) and said she was moving and too busy to talk .
Darrell Davis , the general manager , gave me a few quotes when the Lusty announced it was closing but then went on a trip that put him incommunicado .
I especially wanted to talk to Midnight Mike , a legend of the old Flesh Avenue days who used to lead the night shift .
One of the Lady 's jizz moppers described him as " a walking Tom Waits song " with a raspy growl and a web of knife scars across his body , each one of them a story .
( One of those stories involved him waking up with a steak knife in his chest after one of his girlfriends stabbed him in his sleep .
He reportedly pulled the knife out of his chest , threw it across the room , and called a cab to take him to the hospital . )
Supposedly , he could drink anybody under the table and would sit down at his favorite bar and stick his knife in the wood , just to keep it handy .
The dancers at the Sunday barbecue trade favorite Midnight Mike quotes , imitating his gravelly rasp : " You gotta see booth 12 .
Looks like somebody dropped an M - 80 in a can of creamed corn . "
And : " Back in the day , the dancers used to be hookers .
Now it 's students .
I miss the hookers . "
But the old - timers came up at a time when the city seemed to wish they did n't exist .
( Though when I called the Seattle Police Department to ask whether the landlady had ever been the subject of any criminal investigations , Sergeant Sean Whitcomb said the Lusty Lady " was a model of how a business like that should be run . " )
Former mayor Paul Schell tried to put the Lusty Lady out of business twice , residential developers accused it of violating everything from common decency to the state Environmental Protection Act , and newspapers sneered at Flesh Avenue .
( One derisive quote from a Seattle Weekly article : " It 's where they think ambiance is something that takes you from the bar to the hospital . " )
As much as I 'd like to hear their stories , I can't blame them for dodging .
The city never really embraced the Lusty Lady until she said she was going away .
The Lusty Lady 's final day of stage shows is Saturday , June 12 .
The Private Pleasures booth and the video booths will continue for a few more weeks and shut down at the end of June .
This article has been updated since its original publication .
Props : MixFight.ru ( via Lowkick.com )
Quoteworthy :
" UFC is a money making machine .
The most important thing for this organization is a brand and it 's marketing .
They have a couple of good fighters and there are also some very good champions ; but they are trying to keep everyone at the same level .
The most important thing for them is the promotion , not the fighters .
I think that they lack a respect for their fighters .
As for me , I became a thorn in their side ...
We are constantly negotiating , but only during recent time the Americans began to show some respect .
The dialogue between us is completely different right now .
They are more interested in our opinion . "
Russian heavyweight uber star Fedor Emelianenko continues his verbal attack on the UFC and their product .
Just last week , " The Last Emperor " proclaimed he was no fan of the world 's number one MMA promotion .
Now , he seems to be relishing in the fact that throughout all the back and forth between himself , M - 1 Global 's Vadim Finkelstein , and the UFC management , he successfully developed into a prickly thorn stuck in the side of the Zuffa brass .
What once seemed like almost an inevitability - Fedor stepping foot inside the Octagon - now seems as unlikely as it ever has .
Anyone holding out hope ?
The Nintendo 3DS will have a 3D camera , two differently - designed screens , a tilt sensor and will be significantly more powerful than current handhelds , according to sources familiar with the system 's development kit .
Updated with more details .
Advertisement
A sketch of the 3DS by a Chinese blogger who claims to have a 3DS development kit matches other reports and information Kotaku has heard from people familiar with Nintendo 's next handheld .
All together they form what is Kotaku 's best guess of what Nintendo's next major gaming device will offer players .
Advertisement
The Screens
The sketch presents a 3DS that shares the clamshell two - screen design of the original 2004 DS , an expected set - up given that Nintendo has confirmed that the 3DS will play DS games .
But the new 3DS sports a bigger top screen , presumably a Sharp - manufactured display capable of showing game graphics in screen - popping 3D .
The 3DS ' lower screen is built to the specifications of the original DS ' lower touchscreen .
These screen ratios match those seen in a DS circuit board filed by Nintendo to the FCC .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Nintendo 3DS Going Widescreen ?
An FCC filing submitted by Nintendo and Mitsumi , an electronics manufacturer , seems to be for the… Read more
Advertisement
In his report , the Chinese blogger says that " the effect of the [ 3D ] screen is amazing . "
The blogger mentions some features , including an MP3 / AAC hardware decode function and a media player of some sort .
Reached for comment about these features , Nintendo of America provided a statement that " Nintendo does not comment on rumors and speculation . "
Advertisement
Kotaku contacted Sharp as well but did not hear back by press time .
But the numerous details out there remind us that in this era of lost iPhones , company hardware secrets are harder to keep than ever .
As official announcements loom , details tend to trickle out , as they did here about the Xbox 360 on Kotaku in 2005 .
Advertisement
This Is Apple 's Next iPhone
You are looking at Apple 's next iPhone .
It was found lost in a bar in Redwood City , camouflaged to …
Read more
A Camera Surprise ?
The Chinese sketch strengthens our belief that the 3DS will include cameras , as do the DSi and DSiXL variants of the DS product line .
A rectangle near the d-pad of the 3DS in the sketch could represent the Sharp - designed 3D camera that was rumored last month to be on its way to the new Nintendo handheld .
Such a camera might be used to capture images in 3D dimensions or detect motions of the player .
Advertisement
In a May press release , Sharp said of the camera :
In the future , Sharp will be opening up new 3D markets based on 3D display technologies , including small / medium - size and large - size 3D LCDs , as well as on 3D input device technologies such as 3D camera modules .
Advertisement
Other Parts
The Nintendo 3DS , we 're told , will use a second , proprietary medium for games specific to the portable .
We understand that the new 3DS games will fit on a card about the size of a Compact Flash card and that the system is designed to accept both these new games and DS games , possibly in the same slot .
Advertisement
We do n't believe the 3DS will include an analog stick , leaving character control to the machine 's d-pad and / or touch screen .
Update : Since confirming the details of the upcoming Nintendo 3DS , Kotaku has heard from a number of other sources about another exciting feature for the portable .
It turns out that the white nub in the circuit board photo is an analog stick , one we 're told is a real ( short ) stick , not a PSP - like nub .
( This ties in with an earlier report that the 3DS would have some sort of " 3D joystick . " )
The 3DS will have this stick and a d-pad .
Advertisement
We 've also learned that the rumored 3D slider , a feature described on an IGN podcast as means to " toggle the strength of the 3D effect " is included in development versions of the 3DS hardware , though we do n't know if this slider will be made available to gamers .
End update .
Advertisement
We do expect the 3DS to have a tilt sensor or accelerometer of some sort , a fact that was all but confirmed by Nintendo president Satoru Iwata himself despite the company 's attempt to distance themselves from the statement after it was published in a major Japanese newspaper .
Advertisement
The official specs for the 3DS will be revealed on Tuesday during Nintendo 's E3 media briefing .
Reports about the machine 's horsepower , rumored earlier this week to be in the league of the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 may be an overstatement , but game industry sources familiar with the project have acknowledged to Kotaku that the system is an extremely capable device .
It may be as powerful as a Wii .
Advertisement
The Improved Buzz
Buzz on the system has been unusually strong of late .
Earlier this week , EA boss John Riccitiello was quoted in the gaming press saying that he had seen the 3DS and that " it 's cool . "
While that type of praise might be easily dismissed as pre-E3 hype , Riccitiello 's comments about the 3DS has been echoed by multiple enthusiastic gaming industry sources in touch with Kotaku .
They wo n't reveal what the machine can do , but they attest that Nintendo has something special in the works .
That 's a different kind of buzz than the one that preceded the DS six years ago , a machine that was preceded by skepticism by many game creators , confusion about the device 's features and a poor impression of the system 's power when compared to its looming rival , the PlayStation Portable .
Six years later , it appears that Nintendo's next handheld hardware is closer to the cutting edge , more impressive than odd .
Advertisement
E3 2010 was expected to be the Xbox 360 Project Natal and PlayStation 3
Move resurgence of motion control gaming .
But the 3DS , with a surprise packed in , just might steal the show .
Please note :
The image atop this post is a mock - up based on our best assessment of which features will be in the Nintendo 's 3DS .
That mock - up has been updated based on new information received following the publication of the post .
Advertisement
Click to view
If you 're in New York this Thursday , here 's something useful you can do .
As you probably already know , ACORN is appealing this cutoff as an unconstitutional Bill of Attainder ( the kind of thing the constitution - lovin ' Republicans would ordinarily protest , except that they demanded this one ) .
But it 's more than the legal issues .
Liberals have to stand up for our allies , and few groups have done more to help the party base than ACORN .
Show your support , either by attending the hearing , or by making a donation :
RELATED :
cnxps.cmd.push(function ( ) { cnxps ( { playerId : '36af7c51-0caf-4741-9824-2c941fc6c17b ' }) .render('4c4d856e0e6f4e3d808bbc1715e132f6 ' ) ; } ) ;
It was a scene Saudi women ’s rights activists have dreamt of for years .
When a Saudi religious policeman sauntered about an amusement park in the eastern Saudi Arabian city of Al - Mubarraz looking for unmarried couples illegally socializing , he probably was n’t expecting much opposition .
But when he approached a young , 20 - something couple meandering through the park together , he received an unprecedented whooping .
A member of the Commission for the Promotion of Virtue and Prevention of Vice , the Saudi religious police known locally as the Hai’a , asked the couple to confirm their identities and relationship to one another , as it is a crime in Saudi Arabia for unmarried men and women to mix .
For unknown reasons , the young man collapsed upon being questioned by the cop .
According to the Saudi daily , the woman then allegedly laid into the religious policeman , punching him repeatedly , and leaving him to be taken to the hospital with bruises across his body and face .
“ To see resistance from a woman means a lot , ” Wajiha Al - Huwaidar , a Saudi women ’s rights activist , told The Media Line news agency .
“ People are fed up with these religious police , and now they have to pay the price for the humiliation they put people through for years and years .
This is just the beginning and there will be more resistance .
”
“ The media and the Internet have given people a lot of power and the freedom to express their anger , ” she said .
“ The Hai’a are like a militia , but now whenever they do something it ’s all over the Internet .
This gives them a horrible reputation and gives people power to react .
” Neither the religious police nor the Eastern Province police has made a statement on the incident , and both the names of the couple and the date of the incident have not been made public , but on Monday the incident was all over the Saudi media .
Should the woman be charged , she could face a lengthy prison term and lashings for assaulting a representative of a government institution .
Saudi law does not permit women to be in public spaces without a male guardian .
Women are not allowed to drive , inherit , divorce or gain custody of children , and cannot socialize with unrelated men .
Officers of the Commission for the Promotion of Virtue and Prevention of Vice are tasked with enforcing such laws , but it has n’t been an easy year for Saudi Arabia ’s religious police .
The decision last year by Saudi King Abdullah to open the kingdom ’s first co-educational institution , with no religious police on campus , led to a national crises for Saudi Arabia ’s conservative religious authorities , with the new university becoming a cultural proxy war for whether or not women and men should be allowed to mix publicly .
A senior Saudi cleric publicly criticized the gender mixing at the university and was summarily fired by the king .
That was followed in December by a surprise announcement from Sheikh Ahmed Al - Ghamdi , head of the Saudi religious police commission in Mecca , who published an article against gender segregation , leading to threats on his life and rumors that he had been or would be fired .
Meanwhile , the Saudi government has gone to great efforts recently to improve the image of the religious police , most notably by firing the national director of the Commission for Promotion of Virtue and Prevention of Vice earlier this year .
The new director Sheikh Abdul Aziz Al - Humain then announced a series of training programs and a special unit to handle complaints against the religious police .
Last month , however , members of the religious police in the northern province of Tabuk were charged with assaulting a young woman as she attempted to visit her son , in a move that marked an unprecedented challenge to the religious police ’s authority .
" There is some sort of change taking place , " Nadya Khalife , the Middle East women ’s rights researcher for Human Rights Watch , told The Media Line .
" There is clearly a shifting mentality regarding to the male guardianship law and similar issues .
More women are speaking out , there are changes within the government , there is a mixed university , the king was photographed with women , they want to allow women to work in the courts and there are changes within the justice ministry .
So you can witness some kind of change unfolding but it ’s not quite clear what ’s happening and it ’s not something that ’s going to happen overnight . "
He emerged from the car accident alive but alone , there and not there : a young man whose eyes opened yet whose brain seemed shut down .
For five years he lay mute and immobile beneath a diagnosis  “ vegetative state ”  that all but ruled out the possibility of thought , much less recovery .
But in recent months at a clinic in Liège , Belgium , the patient , now 29 , showed traces of brain activity in response to commands from doctors .
Now , according to a new report , he has begun to communicate : in response to simple questions , like “ Do you have any brothers ? , ” he showed distinct traces of activity on a brain imaging machine that represented either “ yes ” or “ no . ”
Experts said Wednesday that the finding could alter the way some severe head injuries were diagnosed  and could raise troubling ethical questions about whether to consult severely disabled patients on their care .
The new report , posted online by The New England Journal of Medicine , does not suggest that most apparently unresponsive patients can communicate or are likely to recover .
The hidden ability displayed by the young accident victim is rare , the study suggested .
Amidst all the hoopla , cheering , and insanity of throwing money at currencies thinking it will make them rise , here are a few voices of reason on my radar today .
John Hussman
Greek Debt and Backward Induction
....
The bottom line is that 1 ) aid from other European nations is the only thing that may prevent the markets from provoking an immediate default through an unwillingness to roll - over existing debt ; 2 ) the aid to Greece is likely to turn out to be a non-recourse subsidy , throwing good money after bad and inducing higher inflationary pressures several years out than are already likely ;
3 ) Greece appears unlikely to remain among euro - zone countries over the long - term ; and 4 ) the backward induction of investors about these concerns may provoke weakened confidence about sovereign debt in the euro - area more generally .
...
Looking at the current state of the world economy , the underlying reality remains little changed : there is more debt outstanding than is capable of being properly serviced .
It 's certainly possible to issue government debt in order to bail out one borrower or another ( and prevent their bondholders from taking a loss ) .
However , this means that for every dollar of bad debt that should have been wiped off the books , the world economy is left with two - the initial dollar of debt that has been bailed out and must continue to be serviced , and an additional dollar of government debt that was issued to execute the bailout .
Notice also that the capital that is used to provide the bailout goes from the hands of savers into the hands of bondholders who made bad investments .
We are not only allocating global savings to governments .
We are further allocating global savings precisely to those who were the worst stewards of the world 's capital .
From a productivity standpoint , this is a nightmare .
New investment capital , properly allocated , is almost invariably more productive than existing investment , and is undoubtedly more productive than past bad investment .
By effectively re-capitalizing bad stewards of capital , at the expense of good investments that could otherwise occur , the policy of bailouts does violence to long - term prospects for growth .
Looking out to a future population that will increasingly rely on the productivity of a smaller set of younger workers ( and foreign labor ) in order to provide for an aging demographic , this is not a luxury that our nation or the world can afford .
Meredith Whitney
With regard to credit issues , some remarks by Meredith Whitney from a Bloomberg hedge fund conference last week are notable ( if familiar ) :
" If you look at what happened last year , I would say a vast majority of the banking sector 's profits and capital creation was government induced .
In the first quarter , it 's highly arguable that certain companies wrote up assets .
People lowered their provisions on losses .
" What has kept home prices stable - and make note that politicians and banks are eating their own cooking because they really believe home prices are stable - they 're stable because there 's been a ton of inventory kept from the market .
So if you control the supply , you can control the price without controlling the demand .
" Here 's a statistic that I find fascinating .
This is just for the top four banks .
If you look at nonperforming assets - that 's loans that have n't paid over 120 days - the size of that is 1.5 times all of the chargeoffs that banks have incurred since 2005 .
So you think credit has stabilized , mortgages have stabilized ?
Non-performs have ballooned so they 've more than doubled since the beginning of 2009 , and that 's just stuff that has to start going on to the market , and interestingly , this quarter you 're starting to see housing supply reach the market .
That to me triggers another down leg in housing , so to me , I 'm steadfast in my belief that there 's going to be another double - dip in housing
" There 's huge growth in non-performing assets .
These are numbers , apples - to - apples , on the four big banks .
The issue is when does that stuff that 's not paying come to market , and when do banks recognize the chargeoffs ?
I think you 're going to see more of that in the second quarter and the third quarter .
Does the supply move in the second quarter and then you report it in the third quarter ?
The timing may be weighted more to the third quarter .
I just do n't know .
I think you see a huge leg down in asset prices when you see the supply reach the market .
So no , it 's not factored into valuations .
No , it 's not factored into bank guidance .
And yes , I think it 's going to be a big problem for the banks . "
Bill Cara
Morning Call [ 6:23 am ET ]
There has been agreement on a $ 1 trillion tripartite debt guarantee package ( 1/3 from the IMF , 58.7 % from 16 European countries plus 8 % from the European Commission ) to replace the soon to mature debts of Greece and presumably the other European nations in the same difficulty .
This debt swap , putting the burden on “ Other People ” , is the European solution to living within fiscal responsibility .
German Chancellor Angela Merkel says this action was necessary to fight a Euro short selling syndicate .
" The eurozone 's member states showed yesterday that we have a common political will to do everything for the stability of our common currency , " she said .
" This is a determined and united message to those who think that they can weaken Europe . "
I have news for the Chancellor : you are merely building a bigger problem that ultimately will result in a bigger failure .
If these so - called public servants were schooled in economics and not politics they would understand that shifting a debt burden from one group to another does not eliminate the burden .
The owners of capital – the ones who hold unencumbered assets – are today asking themselves how long will such insanity last ?
Fiscally conservative people ( the ‘ pay - as - you - go crowd ’ ) know that wealth creation , savings , investment based on economic returns , debt reduction and budget surpluses are the only ways to solve the crisis .
Caroline Baum
Greece sneezes and Portugal catches a cold .
Portugal coughs and Spain falls ill .
Spain runs a fever and Italy comes down with the flu .
Contagion , or contagion theory , is sweeping the euro zone , where Greece ’s debt crisis is infecting neighboring countries and threatening to make its way across the Atlantic to U.S. shores .
At least that ’s what we ’re told on a daily basis .
European Central Bank council member Axel Weber warned last week of “ grave contagion effects ” for countries that have adopted the euro .
“ Greece Fuels Fears of Contagion in the U.S. , ” trumpeted a May 6 Wall Street Journal headline .
I hate to pour cold water on that theory , but healthy countries are n’t susceptible to Greece ’s disease .
The sick ones , already plagued with high debt levels and bloated state budgets , do n’t need a carrier .
Capital flight from these countries “ is not evidence of contagion , ” said economist and author Anna Schwartz .
Of course , Schwartz said that in 1998 following the Asian financial crisis .
In “ International Financial Crises : Myths and Realities ” ( the Cato Journal , Vol. 17 No. 3 ) , Schwartz punctured the notion that financial crises spread from the initial source to innocent victims .
Nations are vulnerable because of their “ home grown economic problems , ” she said .
....
There is no question we live in an interconnected world .
Subprime mortgage defaults by homeowners in Irvine , California , infected banks in Europe and Asia , thanks to the miracle of securitization .
So yes , European banks that hold Greek debt are vulnerable to losses .
The interbank lending market is showing signs of stress .
And the austerity measures required in Europe ’s peripheral countries may spill over into reduced U.S. exports .
That ’s not the kind of contagion we keep hearing about .
On the other hand , it would be a mistake to interpret the flight - to - quality into U.S. Treasuries last week as a sign of immunity .
The U.S. is already infected with the debt virus .
It ’s still in its incubation period .
My Friend " BC "
Being Keynesians , the majority of economists primarily only consider aggregate demand / consumption to discern the economy 's condition , rarely parsing the relative contributions of the private and public sectors and the sources of growth of consumption , and most always with the assumption that incremental government borrowing and spending will pass through or kick start and sustain private economic activity for the cycle .
But when private debt growth and associated increasing returns to financial capital have been the primary source of growth since the early ' 80s to early to mid-'70s , increasing government borrowing and spending to make up for the loss of debt growth in the private sector only results in government debt eventually growing faster than exponential vs. incomes , production , and GDP , setting the stage for fiscal insolvency atop private sector debt - deflation .
Add in the demographic drag effects and the structural effects of Peak Oil ( and net energy ) , and private economic growth is impossible ; financial markets have yet to price in this reality , although it is apparent that markets ' attempts are being thwarted by government and central banks determined to prevent it .
The positive feedback of crash ( or mini- crash ) , bailout , crash , bigger bailout risks a series of sequential hyper- volatility oscillations causing the whole machine to come apart .
International SEO in Tourism
Do you know that , unlike a decade ago , the majority of internet users worldwide ( about 70 % ) are non-native English speakers and about 98 % largely use their native languages to search for specific services or business development in tourism industry ?
International SEO or Multilingual SEO in tourism industry is a quite complex part of overall online marketing initiatives for any marketer .
However the benefits for tourism business or tourist destination are massive .
No matter if your aim is promoting travel destination or tourism business development in a new region , Tourism Review team of international SEO professionals will support your international SEO strategy for setting ang executing multilingual SEO campaign .
With the Tourism Review Digital Network we are able not only to support your tourism industry advertising campaign within our local tourism channels editions , such as Tourism Review Russian Edition , Tourism Review German Edition etc. , but also to provide you with advanced online communication solutions in tourism industry within specific region .
In addition , for travel markets where we are active we provide translation , optimization , and distribution of press releases within the regional tourism markets .
Localized social media marketing also can be utilized for promoting travel destination or for tourism business development .
Currently Tourism Review offers international SEO solutions in 10 !
languages .
Explore all tourism marketing promotion options for effective multilingual marketing in tourism industry ( TR Media Kit )
Please contact us to find out how Tourism Review team can support your tourism business or organization .
Marat Safin
Dinara Safina
Venus
Serena Williams
Michael
Ralf Schumacher
Eli
Beatriz
Branca Feres
Bianca
Bia Feres
This pair were foreign exchange students at Roosevelt High School in Seattle , Washington .
When outside the match , their main activity is modelling .
They have appeared in many magazine covers , including VIP and Maxim .
They just 22 - year - old right now , I hope they can make it in 2012 Olympic Games .
This pair were foreign exchange students at Roosevelt High School in Seattle , Washington .
When outside the match , their main activity is modelling .
They have appeared in many magazine covers , includingand .
They just 22 - year - old right now , I hope they can make it in 2012 Olympic Games .
Related Posts by Categories :
We often seen siblings in sport field , namelyandandof tennis , andfrom F1 racing , orand Peyton Manning from American Football .
But , rarely we seen a twins , especially the sexy one , compete in a match .( usually called Bia ) andare Brazilian synchronized swimmers and synchronized spooners .
They are identical twins who were born on February 22 , 1988 in Brazil , and already represented Brazil in the 2007 Pan American games in synchronized swimming .
Well , I almost wroteandas the sexiest Olympians twins , but unfortunately they were failed to make through the 2008 Summer Olympic in Beijing .
Luckily for them , this failure what made them famous , attracted the attention of numerous bloggers in the process .
Steve Jobs holding iPhone 4 in problematic way during WWDC keynote
MacRumors forum user samcraig emailed Steve Jobs about the low signal issue while holding the new iPhone 4 in a specific way .
The potential issue has been generating a lot of discussion .
Samcraig emailed Steve Jobs :
Question -
What 's going to be done about the signal dropping issue .
Is it software or hardware ?
To which , Jobs replied with a typically short response :
Non issue .
Just avoid holding it in that way .
In a followup email , Jobs then expanded with this explanation :
Gripping any phone will result in some attenuation of its antenna performance , with certain places being worse than others depending on the placement of the antennas .
This is a fact of life for every wireless phone .
If you ever experience this on your iPhone 4 , avoid gripping it in the lower left corner in a way that covers both sides of the black strip in the metal band , or simply use one of many available cases .
Steve Jobs has been known to respond to emails and we were able to log into Samcraig 's email account to verify the authenticity of the emails , so we believe these are real .
Update :
This has been confirmed as an official statement from Apple .
D8 Video : Steve Jobs on Google , Android and the iPhone
Apple ( AAPL ) and Google ( GOOG ) used to work together .
Google CEO Eric Schmidt sat on Apple ’s board .
Now they ’re locked in a fierce battle .
What happened ?
“ They decided to compete with us and got more and more serious , ” said Apple CEO Steve Jobs .
More Coverage on the Steve Jobs D8 Speaker Page »
From the ' Bad GRUB ' files :
No , Fedora 13 Linux is not coming out today ( and if you read my blog last week you 'd know that ! ) .
The release was pushed back by a week to fix a number of blocker bugs , among them is an interesting one that many users might simply consider to be just a papercut nuisance .
GRUB ( GRand Unified Bootloader ) , the loader that most Linux users see when they first boot up , had a very small issue in it that might have affected users .
For some users ( myself included ) GRUB is a critical screen where you can select which operating system you want to load .
That could be a different Linux kernel on the same OS , a different Linux distribution altogether or even Windows .
Usually the way GRUB works by default is the user gets to select which kernel / OS they want to load with a time delay before a default kernel OS loads .
That 's where the GRUB bug comes into play .
" GRUB bootloader should have a
few seconds delay on a multi- boot setup , " Rahul Sundaram wrote in a Red Hat bugzilla entry .
" GRUB by default is configured in Fedora to not show the menu and have zero delay but in a multi- boot environment where Anaconda detects Windows and configures GRUB to boot Windows as a alternative , GRUB was configured by Anaconda to have a few seconds delay and show the menu so that the user can choose between Fedora and Windows .
Unfortunately this is not the case with Fedora 13 RC2 anymore .
This results in a non-technical user unable to boot into Windows after installing Fedora 13 . "
So to recap , one of the reasons for the Fedora 13 delay was to help new users that want to run both Windows and Linux on the same computer .
Yes it 's a small bug , but it could have been a big deal for new users .
Making the new user Linux experience as easy as possible , especially for those coming from Windows is a good idea and one that will likely help Linux adoption .
It is official : Barack Obama is the nation ’s first black president .
A White House spokesman confirmed that Mr. Obama , the son of a black father from Kenya and a white mother from Kansas , checked African - American on the 2010 census questionnaire .
The president , who was born in Hawaii and raised there and in Indonesia , had more than a dozen options in responding to Question 9 , about race .
He chose “ Black , African Am. , or Negro . ”
( The anachronistic “ Negro ” was retained on the 2010 form because the Census Bureau believes that some older blacks still refer to themselves that way . )
Mr. Obama could have checked white , checked both black and white , or checked the last category on the form , “ some other race , ” which he would then have been asked to identify in writing .
There is no category specifically for mixed race or biracial .
Instructions for the census ’s American Community Survey , which poses the question in the same way as the 2010 form , say that “ people may choose to provide two or more races either by marking two or more race response boxes , by providing multiple write - in responses , or by some combination of marking boxes and writing in responses . ”
Talk about the right marketing at the right time .
Electrolux is taking advantage of our collective ( and justified ) fixation on the ocean by launching Vac from the Sea , an initiative that will turn plastic pollution from the ocean into Electrolux vacuum cleaners .
Electrolux is recruiting trained volunteers to gather plastic , either by diving after it or scooping it up from waves , from a variety of locations in the Pacific , Indian Ocean , the Atlantic , the Mediterranean , and the Baltic and North Sea .
Collection started in Sweden two days ago , according to Cecilia Nord , Vice President , Floor Care
Environmental and Sustainability Affairs , Electrolux .
Once enough plastic has been collected , Electrolux will press it together into a series of concept vacuum cleaners ( see above ) .
“ Depending on what plastic we actually find , every vacuum cleaner will look unique , ” Nord says .
“ If we ’re in Sweden , the kind of garbage we ’ll get is from Northern Europe .
When
we ’re collecting plastic in Thailand it will look completely different .
The vacuum cleaners will be a bit of a mosaic . ”
Hans Stråberg , the President and CEO of Electrolux , explains the reasoning behind Vac from the Sea :
Our oceans are filled with plastic waste .
Yet on land ,
there is a shortage of recycled plastic .
The supply of sustainable raw
material , such as recycled plastic , is crucial for making sustainable
appliances , and assisting consumers in making their homes greener .
I
therefore hope people will join us in raising awareness about the
threat plastic poses to marine habitats , and the urgent need for taking
better care of the plastic that already exists .
In reality , the whole thing is probably meant to highlight Electrolux ’s new Green Range of vacuums .
But if Electrolux demonstrates in the process that plastic pollution can be turned into useful products , that ’s fine with us .
The Wikipedia logo
This is a page for documenting errors in the Wikipedia logo .
Devanagari and Kana [ edit ]
A suggested fixed version with Devanagari and Kana corrected
An article in the New York times documented errors in the en: Devanagari and en: Kana letters .
A suggested fixed version is at Image : Wikipedia - logo thue . png ( After asking somebody who actually knows Japanese , it turns out that the Japanese fix is not complete , and that character will have to be totally redrawn . ) .
Japanese Wikipedians are discussing the issue at ja : Wikipedia : 井戸端/ subj/ウィキペディアのロゴの修正（ワィ問題） , and the font is likely to be changed to the Times - like one , not the current Arial - like one .
Kannada va + i written incorrectly [ edit ]
The Kannada letter vi is written incorrectly on the logo , as one can see from the Kannada main page , which shows the letter written correctly .
The letter is currently written like this : when it should be written like this : .
Missing accents in some versions [ edit ]
Some versions of the logo have accents on the characters Ω ( Omega , to the left of W ) and И ( below W ) .
Since it is probably desirable to have the same logo everywhere , which one is the correct version ?
The Danish version , one of many with the accents included
See commons : Image talk : Wikipedia - logo.png #Missing accents for a slightly more detailed analysis of this problem .
See also commons : Wikipedia for all the localized versions of the logo .
Some letters not representing " W " [ edit ]
According to en : Wikipedia : Wikipedia logos #Alphabets represented in the logo , the letters represent the " letter from that alphabet that most closely resembles the English " W " as in " Wikipedia . "
However , according to Nohat , the creator of the logo , at en : User talk : Nohat / archive 2005 - 02 - 22 # Trouble in All the Logos ! , " only some of the symbols were selected to represent " Wikipedia " — others were chosen at random . " and 2 threads at en : User talk : Nohat / archive 2007 - 06 -06 say the same thing .
Angela says the same thing in Talk : Main Page / Archives / 2006/01 #Error in the Wikipedia Globe .
Zocky repeats it at en : Talk : Main Page / Archive 86 # Wrong devnagari symbol for " wi " in Wikipedia 's logo .
So it is debatable whether letters not representing " W " is an error , since that was apparently never the original goal .
For example , the Chinese character should be changed from 袓 to 維 .
And Сyrillic Й ( or И in the new version ) is odd , see R. Википедия , Biel .
Вікіпедыя , Ukr. Вікіпедія , Mac. Википедија , Bulg .
Уикипедия , S. Википедија ....
If symbolic letters are required , Я would be fine .
White artifacts along the edge [ edit ]
Some localized versions of the logo have white artifacts along the edge - see for example the discussion at en: Wikipedia : Village pump ( proposals ) / Archive 26 # Wikipedia logo improvement .
The old ( since fixed ) English Wikipedia logo , with white artifacts along the edge .
Compared with the German logo without artifacts .
This is caused by using a logo which does not use transparent anti-aliasing along its edges .
Klingon replaced by Ge 'ez [ edit ]
( All links are to English Wikipedia . )
Wikipedia logo : § Current logo says
The new logo was rolled out on the projects in May 2010 .
It features the new 3D rendering of the puzzle globe , with corrected characters ( and the Klingon character replaced by a Ge 'ez character ) .
The Ge 'ez character is ው , U+12CD ETHIOPIC SYLLABLE WE . [ 1 ]
In the table in Ge 'ez script # Ge 'ez abugida it is in the second section of the table , second row ( consonant Wäwe ) , sixth column ( vowel ə [ ɨ ] ) , so it is pronounced [ wɨ ] ( IPA ) , which is pretty close to the first syllable of " Wikipedia " in English .
However , Wikipedia : Wikipedia logos : §
The finalized logo : §
Alphabets represented in the logo does n't reflect that change , though a reader would expect " The finalized logo " to refer to the current one .
The table of characters there ( row 2 , column 4 , corresponding to the location on the jigsaw globe illustrated there ) has
I 'm rather afraid to edit that table and section .
Can someone else make the appropriate fix ?
-- Thnidu ( talk ) 23:40 , 18 June 2016 ( UTC )
By his final day , Xavier Branch was more than eager to leave prison .
It was a trying term , a whole year of which he spent in excruciating solitary confinement .
But as he walked back into the wider world , he soon realized he was left only to return to the same friends , frustrations , and , ultimately , the same destructive drug use that led him to incarceration .
On the outside , one day he hit a tragic low : he was denied his usual refuge at the local Salvation Army in Baton Rouge , which had provided him housing when he was unable to make his rent payments .
Faced with his persistent drug problems , the shelter refused him .
“ I gave up , ” he told me , “ and looked up at the sky and said , ‘ Lord , I ’m in your hands . ’ ”
Branch found his salvation in Step Out , a service group that helped him drop his drug habit , secure a steady job , find a church and become “ born - again . ”
The nonprofit is part of Out4 Life , a new program run by the evangelical powerhouse Prison Fellowship Ministries ( PFM ) solely devoted to ex-offenders .
First launched in two Bible - belt states , the program is quickly expanding and skillfully becoming the go - to contractor for cash - strapped governments to outsource their ex-offender programs , raising serious questions about separation of church and state .
PFM was founded in 1976 by Watergate felon Charles “ Chuck ” Colson , after his own seven - month prison stint , where he experienced rebirth in Christ .
With Colson ’s own salvation story as a walking advertisement , PFM rapidly became an influential player in the evangelical world — and in politics .
As governor , George W. Bush partnered with Colson to forge a prison program in Texas , which laid the groundwork for the faith - based initiative he launched from the White House .
Colson continues to be a heavy hitter in evangelical politics , too ; last year he was one of the chief promoters of the Manhattan Declaration , which promises to reignite the culture wars in the name of religious liberty .
In a video promoting the Declaration , Colson likened contemporary America to Nazi Germany , and “ elites ” and “ intellectuals ” to Hitler .
For decades , PFM has placed its volunteers inside prison walls to minister directly to inmates .
In addition to questions about the programs ’ effectiveness , such partnerships with state institutions have drawn legal challenges .
InnerChange , a PFM program inside correctional facilities , was shut down by the state of Iowa in 2008 after Americans United for the Separation of Church and State won a legal challenge to its constitutionality .
AU charged , and the court agreed , that InnerChange , which received government funding , required inmate participants “ to attend Bible study , Christian classes , and church services , ” in violation of the Establishment Clause of the First Amendment .
Alex Luchenitser , the lead litigator for Americans United in the case , wrote in a legal journal , “ Inmates who did not subscribe to the program ’s religious teachings faced discrimination and pressure to convert . ”
Despite legal challenges , PFM continued to minister in prisons and two years ago decided to direct a bulk of its considerable resources toward cutting recidivism , the rate of repeat offenses and incarceration , through the Out4 Life program .
In the coming year , it plans to launch Out4 Life in ten additional states with more on the horizon .
In creating Out4 Life , PFM says it was responding to a deep need its volunteers and chaplains saw within prison populations .
It was also intervening in the newest trend in dealing with recidivism , says Winnifred Sullivan , a law professor at the University at Buffalo who has written on the intersections of prisons and religion .
Reentry programs are increasingly popular , she explained , but one of “ the hardest things for a state to do well . ”
Correctional facilities are strapped for cash and state budgets are in the red .
This makes the resources PFM offers very attractive .
“ PFM can do this , in part , ” Sullivan told me , “ because of their church and business networks . ”
These programs have bipartisan support .
Under President George W. Bush , Congress established the Federal Prisoner Reentry Initiative , requiring government agencies to “ coordinate and collaborate ” with community and faith - based groups .
President Barack Obama ’s recent budget set aside $ 144 million to infuse into his predecessor ’s reentry programs , and his Department of Justice maintained the same “ faith - based ” language in its clarion call for grant recipients .
After Out4
Life launched in its first state , Louisiana , Governor Bobby Jindal unfurled his broad initiative to reduce the state ’s recidivism rate and open ten regional facilities to provide reentry services for ex-offenders .
“ We were working hand and hand to come up with the construct , ” said Jeff Williams , the Louisiana director for PFM and Out4Life .
In Georgia , former House Speaker Newt Gingrich penned an op - ed with PFM President and former Virginia Attorney General Mark Earley , praising the organization ’s “ holistic approach to prisoner reentry . ”
Each program will vary , Out4 Life ’s staff explains , depending on the state , region , and coalition members involved .
But the basic structure of future programs will mirror the one in Louisiana , set in place with “ a partnership with state and church , ” says Jean Bush , Out4 Life ’s National Director .
Dr. Woods Watson , a Baptist minister in West Monroe , Louisiana , an “ anchor leader ” for Out4 Life , told me , “ The deck is really stacked against them [ ex - offenders ] . ”
During reentry , ex-offenders face problems securing three major things : “ safe and affordable housing , gainful employment , and abuse services . ”
But with funding from the government , the Out4 Life program , Americans United ’s Luchenitser wrote to me in an email , “ could raise serious Constitutional problems . ”
Content on its
Web site , he continued , suggests “ Out4 Life is designed to funnel ex-prisoners to churches for reentry programming .
If state funds are being used to support this effort , state money could be unconstitutionally supporting religious indoctrination . ”
There is not , Out4 Life staff claim , a direct line connecting prisoners from PFM programs inside prison to those outside .
Their programs , they stress , are entirely voluntary .
But the breadth of PFM ’s services can make this a natural transition .
Because PFM is so immersed in Louisiana prisons , Williams told me , most ex-offenders they work with “ have ministry - related activities inside of the prison . ”
States that provide faith - based reentry programs are legally required to ensure that non-religious programs are available for ex-offenders as well .
These alternatives , Sullivan says , sorely lack the political will and money to back them in many states .
PFM has spotted this gap .
“ Our passion , ” Bush told me , “ is to have the church in the forefront . ”
State institutions warmly welcome this , Bush claims .
With their slashed budgets , they are content to see community groups take the lead .
“ The wall that separates the state and the church , ” Bush told me , “ has to come down to help people . ”
Branch largely credits his turn to Christianity and the man who introduced him to his church , an Out4 Life anchor leader , for his own transformation .
For Branch , his conversion in life and faith are inseparable .
Anyone can make the same transformation after prison , he insists .
All you need to do is “ get your priorities right , change your environment , and put your faith in Jesus Christ . ”
The reported targeting of Mr. Awlaki “ certainly raises the question of what rights a citizen has and what steps must be taken before he ’s put on the list , ” said Mr. Tierney , Democrat of Massachusetts and chairman of a House subcommittee on national security .
Image The C.I.A. has placed the American - born cleric Anwar al - Awlaki on a list for killing .
Credit ... Muhammad ud - Deen / Associated Press
Counterterrorism officials , with the support of Democrats and Republicans in Congress , say the drone missile strikes have proved to be an extraordinarily successful weapon against militants in the tribal areas of Pakistan , the location of all the known C.I.A. strikes except one in Yemen in 2002 .
By their count , the missiles have killed more than 500 militants since 2008 , and a few dozen nearby civilians .
In the fullest administration statement to date , Harold Koh , the State Department ’s legal adviser , said in a March 24 speech the drone strikes against Al Qaeda and its allies were lawful as part of the military action authorized by Congress after the Sept. 11 , 2001 , attacks , as well as under the general principle of self - defense .
By those rules , he said , such targeted killing was not assassination , which is banned by executive order .
But the disclosure last month by news organizations that Mr. Awlaki , 39 , had been added to the C.I.A. kill list shifted the terms of the legal debate in several ways .
He is located far from hostilities in Afghanistan and Pakistan , where the perpetrators of 9/11 are believed to be hiding .
He is alleged to be affiliated with a Yemeni branch of Al Qaeda .
Intelligence analysts believe that only recently he began to help plot strikes , including the failed attempt to bomb an airliner on Dec. 25 .
Most significantly , he is an American , born in New Mexico , arguably protected by the Fifth Amendment ’s guarantee not to be “ deprived of life , liberty , or property , without due process of law . ”
In a traditional war , anyone allied with the enemy , regardless of citizenship , is a legitimate target ; German - Americans who fought with the Nazis in World War II were given no special treatment .
But Ms. Divoll , the former C.I.A. lawyer , said some judicial process should be required before the government kills an American away from a traditional battlefield .
In addition , she offered a practical argument for a review outside the executive branch : avoiding mistakes .
( CNN ) --
Once again , a cartoon of the Prophet Mohammed has sparked anger and controversy .
A South African newspaper published Friday a cartoon depicting the prophet lamenting that his followers lack a sense of humor , drawing ire from the Muslim community and fear of reprisal attacks just ahead of the World Cup soccer tournament that is expected to draw thousands to South Africa next month .
The cartoon by the acclaimed Cape Town cartoonist Jonathan Shapiro , who is known as Zapiro , shows Mohammed reclining on a therapist 's couch and saying sadly : " Other prophets ' followers have a sense of humour . "
Zapiro called his cartoon " gentle , " and said he was responding to " Everybody Draw Mohammed Day , " a Facebook event that encouraged people to flout the belief by devout Muslims that it is wrong to depict religious figures because doing so could lead to idol worship .
Zapiro said he believes all faiths should be subjected to satire .
No religious groups , he said , should be able to think they are above society and not respect freedoms afforded to people who live in democracies .
He said there should have been more movement on this score since 2005 , when a Danish newspaper first published a series of Mohammed cartoons that led to riots around the world .
" It 's important that we assert those rights , " Zapiro said .
He said the irony is that the cartoon itself is about asking people to think twice before they get so angry .
But despite Zapiro 's intentions , the publication by the Mail & Guardian on Friday drew strong criticism in some Muslim circles .
" These are times that the enemies of Islam are intentionally causing events to provoke a reaction from the Muslims , " said a statement from South Africa 's Council of Muslim Theologians , which went to court to try to stop the newspaper from printing the cartoon but lost its bid late Thursday .
The council said it was exploring legal routes to ultimately implement a ban on what it called " hate speech . "
Radio Islam discussed the topic on South African airwaves Friday .
" Muslims have been seriously offended by the publishing in the Mail & Guardian newspaper of a blasphemous cartoon by Zapiro , " the station said .
Mail & Guardian Editor Nick Dawes defended his decision to publish the cartoon .
" I understand that for many Muslims any representation of the prophet , no matter how innocuous , is offensive and I genuinely regret any offence that the cartoon may have caused those who hold this belief dear , " Dawes said in an open letter published on the newspaper 's website Friday .
" That regret does not , however , outweigh my duty to the principle of freedom expression , " he said .
Creators of the " Everybody Draw Mohammed " Facebook group say their idea stemmed from recent controversies surrounding the belief .
At least two European cartoonists live under police protection after drawing Mohammed and , most recently , Comedy Central censored part of the animated show " South Park " because it showed a depiction of the prophet .
Three businessmen told the Senate Finance Committee today of Internal Revenue Service agents who , with guns drawn , broke down doors , terrified workers and forced teen - age girls to change clothes in front of male agents in raids at the men's homes and businesses that they said were unnecessary .
These aggressive paramilitary tactics were denounced as intolerable and ' ' fascist ' ' by Democratic and Republican senators as the panel heard testimony for a second day in its second round of hearings on I.R.S. abuses of taxpayers .
But the testimony by the three wealthy businessmen from Texas , Oklahoma and Virginia also showed that the agents had reason to suspect they had come across a $ 300 million tax fraud in one case and a drug operation in another .
Holes and contradictions in testimony by two of the businessmen prompted Senate Democrats to complain that the hearings were not a search for truth but a one - sided propaganda show by Republicans , whose polling data show that attacking the I.R.S. is their best strategy for raising money and winning votes .
The United States is transporting 387 " bunker - buster " bombs to its air base on the island of Diego Garcia in the Indian Ocean as part of preparations for a possible strike against Iran 's nuclear facilities , according to a report in Scotland 's Sunday Herald .
The U.S. government signed a contract in January with Superior Maritime Services to transport 10 ammunition containers to Diego Garcia from Concord , California .
The shipment includes 195 smart , guided Blu - 110 bombs and 192 Blu - 117 2,000 lb bombs .
Both types of bombs could be used against reinforced or underground facilities .
Neither the United States nor Israel have ruled out military action if diplomacy fails to resolve the long - running row over Iran 's disputed nuclear ambitions .
Contract details for the shipment were posted on an international tenders ' website by the U.S. Navy .
" They are gearing up totally for the destruction of Iran , " Dan Plesch , director of the Center for International Studies and Diplomacy at the University of London , told the Herald .
" U.S. bombers are ready today to destroy 10,000 targets in Iran in a few hours . "
Plesch is the co-author of a recent study on U.S. preparations for an attack on Iran .
The final decision on whether to launch an attack would be in the hands of U.S. President Barack Obama .
Obama may decide it would be better for the U.S. to strike instead of Israel , Plesch said .
" The U.S. is not publicizing the scale of these preparations to deter Iran , tending to make confrontation more likely , " he added .
" The U.S.... is using its forces as part of an overall strategy of shaping Iran 's actions . "
Diego Garcia is a British territory about 1,000 miles south of India and Sri Lanka .
It is used as a U.S. military base as part of an agreement reached in 1971 .
In the past , the British Defense Ministry has said that the U.S. would need permission to use Diego Garcia for offensive action .
It has already been used in operations against Iraq during the 1991 and 2003 Gulf wars .
The U.S. Department of Defense did not respond to a request for a comment from the Sunday Herald .
our design process in 3 steps
Our first step is to perform an analysis on where you are today and what you are looking to do .
Once we understand your goals , we will put together a strategy to reach them .
GET A FREE ANALYSIS TODAY ( 888 ) 388-0460
It ’s New Year’s .
So freaking what ?
It ’s just another day .
We all need to calm down a little .
Even me telling you to calm down is probably just fueling the excitement , is n’t it ?
Are you going to make a resolution ?
Good luck with that .
I doubt you ’ll even remember it by early March .
Screw resolutions .
I ’m going to show you how to actually get things done .
And while we ’re ranting : I hate my writing .
I hate this whole website .
I even hate people who hate my writing because they remind me of all the hate I already have .
If this site were a piece of paper , I ’d have burned it long ago .
Fortunately , the blog medium has largely prevented these perfectionistic tendencies coming out and destroying whatever little good some of you may gain from reading this .
The reason I hate this mother is because it almost never comes out the way I ’m thinking of it .
There are these beautiful and rather tingly constructions in my mind and they come out so …bland .
So tingleless .
In “ The Fork , The Choice and You “ , I was trying to write something that it might perhaps be better to draw .
So I went ahead and drew it .
Behold !
The following paths of achievement ( or lack thereof ) : the pothead , the planner and the player .
The Pothead Model
“ Hey , would n’t it be cool if … whoa… yeah ” .
Problems : Single , discrete point — a fantasy , a dream — which is a good start , but no path , no granularity , no action , no nothing .
Big Dream , but nothing gets done .
Not a single , bleeping thing .
Potheads are also known as pipe dreamers .
The Planner Model
Problems :
Has goal ( point ) and path ( line ) , but the path lacks granularity and elasticity .
It is conceptually beautiful and perfectly smooth , but unworkable except under perfect ( i.e. rarely fulfilled ) conditions .
The planner ’s inability to stay on the line is frequently a cause of stress , pain and ultimately failure .
There is a harsh , rigid , continuous plan .
Every deviation from this plan leads to harder sanctions and self - flagellation .
In most cases , the sheer physical and emotional plan causes the planner to quit altogether .
Planners are also known as perfectionists .
At this time of year , society at large offers us the path of the planner .
And those of us who take it tend to suffer so much that we fall off the graph .
I submit to you that we should reject this model .
The Player Model
The player has fun because it ’s all a game .
Unlike the planner , who has this perfect , smooth , continous line she ’s trying to force herself onto , the player deals in tiny , discrete , individual points ( AKA choices / forks ) .
The player ’s path is digital .
Over time , she causes the points to form a trend , but there is no actual line .
( AKA choices / forks ) .
The player ’s path is digital .
At every point , she makes a choice that is both fun and takes her closer to the goal .
There are thousands of these points .
The player has a goal but the focus is on the immediate next action .
The player does not allow the goal to overwhelm her with its vertical or horizontal distance .
The player does not allow “ imperfections ” and deviations to perturb her .
She accepts deviations , and then corrects or even exploits them .
.
The player may often actively seek new , advantageous deviations through playful experiments .
She ’s in it for the ride .
To repeat the text in the diagram ( just in case ) :
There is a simple , overarching guideline but no plan too precious to be adjusted or scrapped .
No limits on modus operandi whatsoever ( except to exclude the boring , the ineffective and the generally crap ) .
Every moment is new — discrete , digital .
Every moment is a reset .
Every day is New Year’s .
Every t is 0 .
Deviation is accepted , corrected and exploited .
Beneficial deviation is even actively sought out through experimentation = play .
Like a small child , the question at each point is “ OK , what do we play next ? ! ” .
There are no “ shoulds ” , there are no “ should haves ” .
Players are also known as gamers .
Beyond immediate necessity , the player forgets about both the past and the future .
There is no burden of regret , no crushingly grand aspirations ( there are grand aspirations , she just does n’t let them get in the way ) .
The real question is : Right here , right now , what do we do next ?
What do we play next ?
Japanesewise the key is this : there are gaps .
Gaps in your immersion .
Gaps in your implementation .
Gaps in … I dunno…your teeth ?
You may make mistakes , you may fall off the horse .
Fine .
Big deal .
What matters is what you do next .
Every moment is New Year’s .
Every moment is a chance to reset .
Every moment , pretend the entire world has just been recreated and redrawn from scratch .
It is a game .
If you ’re not having fun , it ’s because you ’re doing it wrong .
Which is not to say that there ’s only one right way — there is n’t .
But if you ’re bored , then the way you ’re doing it clearly has problems .
Make it fun .
You will know when you ’re having fun .
Do n’t , do n’t , do not be anal retentive and start asking what “ fun ” is .
You know what it is .
And if you do n’t , then you ’re gone in a way far beyond my ability to help you 😉 .
I officially refuse to define fun .
When you touch something hot , you feel pain : this is your body trying to save your hand from being hurt .
Boredom is intellectual pain .
Boredom is your body ’s way of telling you to change the situation .
Ignore it to your own detriment .
If you try to just fight through the boredom , your brain is just going to puke it all up anyhow .
Your brain is trying to help you out by telling you : “ Hey !
… Nothing ’s getting remembered or learned right now ” .
Be A Player : Poke Dots Into Reality .
There Is No Line
As you read this website , I do not want you to follow my advice .
I do not want you to take my advice .
I want you to use my advice .
You can not be me , nor would you want to .
You can be much better than that .
Much better .
You will be faced with situations that I never faced ; you may have preferences that I do not .
Follow my trend — I think I offer a good one — but pick your own points : there is no line .
[ Case in point : my least favorite type of question is “ how many kanji / sentences should I do per day ” ?
As many as you pleasantly and consistently can .
Stop asking to be commanded ( ironically enough , if you were to stop asking to be commanded because of that last sentence , you would in fact be obeying a command … but anyhoo ) .
Do what you want .
Try a few “ points ” and see which ones work for you . ]
The planner ’s path is goal - focussed .
Contemporary personal development literature is awash in goalism .
It ’s well - intentioned , but it ’s not working .
When ’s the last time a goal got someone to stop smoking ?
You can goal it up up the wazoo and nothing will change .
The goal part is trivial .
You can make up a goal half - asleep .
I think we already set goals naturally — whenever we want something , that ’s a goal .
And do n’t give me this “ a goal is a dream with a deadline ” crap , because if it ’s a cool enough goal , there ’s probably no way you ’re going to know enough about the domain to set a real final deadline , so now you ’ll just be scaring yourself with images of death ( deadline ) .
Timeframes , yes ; timeboxing , yes ; deadlines , no .
What you really need is ( 1 ) a new identity which can produce ( 2 ) simple guidelines ( I ’d say one guideline is enough , three is the max — you have to be able to recall them instantly ) for point - by - point behavior , “ rules of engagement ” if you will — the simple AJATT algorithm in “ The Fork , The Choice and You ” is a good example .
On the player ’s path , each of those points / forks / choices is a chance to change the future — to alter reality itself in a small way .
Be a player .
I ’m not saying “ abandon all thought of goals ” — never let ideology get in the way of something truly useful — but I am saying let it go ; leave well enough alone ; it ’s not helping like you think it is .
Stop massaging these great big “ mission statements ” ; that crap is nothing but empty prose .
Stop getting aroused , confused and intimidated by all these “ goalistic rituals ” that are taking over our society and start poking tiny , pin-sized holes into reality .
No one fails for lack of a goal , only for a lack of dots .
Dot , dot , dot , dot …………………………
Playing The Meta - Game of AJATT
A lot of what we call personal development was and is actually made for corporate and military training .
Stephen Covey ?
David Allen ?
Those boys are just manual writers for corporate soldiers , especially ones at or aiming for the “ colonel ” level .
And maybe stuff like that works in large armies and corporations , who struggle just to communicate intentions and keep everyone singing from the same songsheet .
But individuals and tiny groups are n’t like that .
We do n’t have the sheer man-hours to waste writing impressive plans that are just going to be thrown out anyhow .
But we can be nimble .
We can be ad hoc .
We can be point - by - point .
We may appear to have less and be less , but we end up using it far better and thus accomplishing more and becoming more .
We — individuals and tiny groups — can fail more because failure is cheaper for us ; we can correct and exploit any situation — failure or otherwise — almost instantly .
Have you ever seen those big , round magnifying mirrors that chicks use to do their make - up ?
You know , the kind that show all your skin ’s pores and tiny blemishes and make you depressed to be alive — even if you ’re a guy who thought he was decent - looking ?
I finally understand why women use foundation — it ’s the only thing that makes looking at yourself in one of those things bearable .
Anyway , a large organization is like one of those .
A large organization is like a huge magnifying device .
And since a large organization magnifies everything , it also magnifies screw - ups .
A large org can make 10 million good things , but if it makes a mistake , it now has 10 million c-r - a -p things !
Result ?
Large orgs ( schools , companies , etc. ) are defensive — they do n’t try to be good , and they definitely do n’t try to have fun , they just try to not - screw - up , not - make - misakes , follow - the - manual .
This means that a large org has to suppress both success and failure for its own safety and indeed for the safety of the world at large .
We could n’t well afford to have elephants tripping up all over the place .
When 10 million Firestone tires blow up , we have a freaking problem .
And a giggly little : “ Whoops !
Haha — I meant to do that ! “ , will not cut it .
All of which explains why big companies keep buying up little ones — the little ones are able to think and twist and spin and pivot and maneuver and act and react and fail and deviate and correct and exploit far better and far faster .
A big company is just happy to be alive and walking straight .
A big company has to kill its creativity , because creativity is all these messy points and a big company wants — needs — a perfect , straight line .
When working at full scale , a big company cannot safely and continuously invent and refine cool processes , it can only execute them .
Even the great Sony purchases more of its technology than meets the consumer eye , despite having 100,000 incredibly smart employees and dedicated R&D labs .
And that , my war - oriented friends , also explains why a regular army can essentially never win against guerilla tactics .
The flexibility and speed of adaptation does not even compare .
Guerilla tactics are why America has a President and not a Queen , why Mao came to rule China , why Vietnam is a single country , why I can live wherever I want in Kenya , why even Alexander the Great and Napoleon got royally pwned ( in Afghanistan and Russia , respectively ) and why an AJATTeer can absolutely d-e - s - t - r - o-y someone who depended on Japanese classes .
Because even if the raw AJATT process were n’t better , the meta - process — make it fun , iterate lots , fail lots and tweak to win — is virtually indestructible .
This is also why school sucks for learning , because it kills your maneuverability in order to get you to follow someone else ’s plan that ’s easier to grade .
Schools could n’t give a pygmy shrew ’s buttocks whether you learn or not ; they ’re just happy to be alive and walking straight .
Schools just want you to look good , sit still and shut up so they can push you down the conveyor belt and yell out “ next ! ” .
They may not be intentionally callous , but they certainly end up being about as warm as Ann Coulter on a December evening in Minnesota ( Minne - freaking - sota winters …oh my gosh …
MOMMY , WHY DOES IT HURT MY LUNGS WHEN I BREATHE ?
And why do shrill , somewhat racist , slightly anti-Semitic women … turn me on ?
It ’s like : “ if you wanna get with me , Khatzumoto , you have to alter my fundamental beliefs about humanity !
* Diagonal * * Finger * * Snap * ! ” ) .
Good for the school .
Not good for you .
So do n’t treat AJATT like school and try to mold yourself to fit The PlanTM , because even AJATT will suck if you do it like that .
Mold the plan to fit you as you go along .
I did n’t make this so you could be a cog in the machine , I made it so that you would own the machine , use the machine , customize the machine .
You do n’t need a license , just open the box and fiddle with it .
[ I think we ’ll see an explosion of learning and invention when more concrete and abstract “ boxes ” like this — creation , discovery and execution processes — are open for us to see .
In that sense , and that sense alone , people ’s questions about AJATT minutiae are legitimate , if not necessarily important . ]
You know , I ’m always amused that people are impressed that I learned Japanese without classes .
I say , I want to meet the guy who did get fluent because of classes ; that shiitake mushroom would impress me !!!
If that guy writes a book or blook , listen to HIM !
It never surprises me any more that people like Edison , the Wright Brothers and young William Kamkwamba had little or no formal education : it would surprise me if they did .
Anyway , that ’s it .
That ’s the basic idea .
Kinda .
Sorta .
It still does n’t read the way it actually looks in my mind , but hopefully this all makes things a little clearer .
I do n’t know if what I ’m saying applies that widely .
But it applied for self - directed learning / acquisition / becoming Japanese .
If you have any questions or insights , feel free to share them with the whole gang .
playing devil ’s advocate for creationists
According to the Center For Inquiry , science teachers can't tell students the Earth is not 6,000 years old and life as we know it evolved through natural selection and mutations .
Hypercontinent of Pangea , 250 mya
A public school district in Tennessee decided not to bend to the displeasures of Kurt Zimmermann , a parent offended by the fact that the schools ’ textbooks describe creationism as a religious myth .
Even after claiming religious persecution in a softball interview with Fox News , Zimmerman is n’t getting his wish of seeing what he calls a “ non- biased ” textbook in his local schools , which one would think is a good thing .
He can teach his kids all he wants about creationism at home because that ’s his right as a parent , but he ca n’t force a school ’s biology curriculum to have the same reverence for his religious beliefs as his friends and pastors .
However , Michael De Dora of the NYC chapter of the Center For Inquiry is pulling a Michael Ruse , defending the notion of striking any objective judgment on any claims presented by religious groups as fact on legal grounds .
Or at least what he seems to think are legal grounds , backing up his stance with rather skewed and grossly inapplicable definitions of neutrality .
De Dora ’s argument can be boiled down to expanding the notion of total neutrality towards religious beliefs in the public sphere ( as defined by the Establishment Clause ) to scientific claims , then claiming that criticism of the claims presented by even the most ardent Biblical literalists may be crossing the line into disparaging religion .
Now where have I heard this before ?
Michael Ruse ’s rant against the New Atheists seemed to be going along the same exact lines , seemingly without realizing that all those religious beliefs were trying to assert themselves as factual scientific information and failing miserably in this task because scientists have volumes of evidence to the contrary .
De Dora is just as oblivious , trotting out an amazing whopper of twisted logic in an addendum to his original post …
Some have argued that teaching [ that ] the Earth is 4.5 billion years old is the same as denying the Earth is 6,000 years old .
But one clearly imparts scientific knowledge ; the other clearly denies a religious idea .
One is constitutional [ but ] the other is not .
Scientific knowledge makes many ideas seem crazy , but there is no reason for a high school biology teacher to actually go into denying all of them , specifically the religious ones .
In fact , this approach is probably the only way to keep our public school biology classes in line with government neutrality on religion .
Pardon me while I pick up my jaw from the keyboard and hinge it back on .
There , that ’s better .
So when there ’s a child in a biology class arguing with the teacher that the Earth is only 6,000 years old because she had this belief drilled into her head since she was a baby , to present the evidence that our planet is really 4.5 billion years old is violating the Establishment Clause in a classroom setting ?
De Dora studies political science , so I would presume that he would know more about the laws in this case than I would , but I ’m still going to take issue with this argument because it so closely mirrors Ruse ’s shot across the bow at Dawkins and PZ Myers regarding the constitutionality of refuting religious claims in class .
The attitude that we must never challenge a religious belief in a science class is simply unsound and ignores the context of the discussion .
We can leave the legalities to the lawyers , but we truly have to establish that refuting the notion that our planet is 6,000 years old in a classroom with the relevant science is just falsifying a claim with evidence , one of the cornerstones of the scientific process which all students must understand in today ’s world .
There ’s much more to science than just remembering that RNA stands for ribonucleic acid , or that fusing two fermions with the same charge and spin will involve overcoming degeneracy pressure , or what have you .
The root of science is taking a claim , reviewing it with evidence , then coming to a conclusion about it based on the data available to you , or experiments you carried out .
( Mythbusters is a perfect illustration of how the scientific mindset works . )
And this is what we should be trying to impart on students in science classes .
It took college level science classes for me to really get this concept since the real processes of review and discovery have such a low priority in schools which are often just trying to teach for standardized tests and reduce most of the scientific content to simple , route memorization .
But once you get it , it really changes how you view everything around you and how easily you start grasping more advanced concepts .
A lot of science teachers do n’t really see this before they start teaching and as a result , neither do their students .
With that in mind , let ’s take a look at the hypothetical situation De Dora lays out once again .
Suppose you ’re a science teacher and one of your students makes a claim that the Earth is 6,000 years old .
If you counter by explaining how this was a popular idea at one time because we did n’t have the knowledge that would lead to radiometric dating and have n’t went out to collect rock deposits or meteorites to determine how old our world really was , you ’re doing what any scientist would do .
You took a claim and falsified it .
Now , were you to suddenly go off on a rant about how anyone who thinks that the Earth is a few thousand years old is just an idiot who should start using his head without any prompting , De Dora might have a point .
Likewise , noting that a whole lot of people think that the flora and fauna around us were divinely created and calling this notion a religious myth without going any further , falls along the lines of evaluating a popular claim with science .
Had the biology textbook in question excerpted heavily from God is Not Great or the God Delusion , I would have no choice but to agree with De Dora since that would be inappropriate in a public , secular science class .
On the other hand , De Dora ’s advocacy for not even touching religious claims because they ’re sacred cows is based on our recognition that the 6,000 year figure refers to a religious idea .
What about someone who thinks that the Earth is a million years old ?
Or 20 billion years ?
Or thinks that the Big Bang was really our machine or alien overlords booting up the Matrix ?
Just as the Establishment Clause ensures that no one can go after you with dogs and nightsticks because of your religious affiliation , or arrest you for wearing your crucifix , or Star of David , or a hijab , it allows you to claim pretty much anything you want as a tenet of your personal faith .
Should we refuse to deal with this in science classes because cautious lawyers and accommodationists advise our teachers to simply ignore and allow anything that can be covered by a religious mantle , there ’s potential for all kinds of abuse .
When teachers mark errors on tests , students can just balk and demand their points back as the answer they put down represented their religious beliefs and should the teacher fail to respect that , they ’ll have their parents and civil rights lawyers beating down the school ’s doors .
Every day in science classes across the country , teachers have to make choices .
Should they teach the facts and counter religious claims thrown at them , or do they simply try to avoid controversy ?
If the CFI intends to be helpful and promote science and reason , maybe the person who tries to speak for them should have a better grip on what a scientific education really entails and argue from facts rather than a desire to avoid any ruffled feathers .
Playing lawyer from the sidelines while ignoring what lies at the heart of the debate is n’t helpful , nor does is help to promote anything other than confusion and fear of standing up for good science .
Discovery
Good thing for our readers that I ’m a night owl , and I happen to love my Nexus One , and love me some frozen yogurt .
Especially together :
And now I have my T - Mobile Nexus One updated with the latest and greatest FRF72 build .
I just happened to be browsing a forum about the upcoming official Android 2.2 Froyo release when I see someone leak a URL for the FRF72 build that Google Employees were given a week ago .
Someone at xda-developers.com seems to be the original source .
Download URL and Instructions
Here ’s the URL for the upgrade , while it lasts :
Based on the filename , it appears to be an incremental build from you must already have FRF50 installed to use this new build .
Based on the filename , it appears to be an incremental build from FRF50 , so
I followed the same instructions that we posted here on AndroidPolice.com a few weeks back when FRF50 was leaked , and they worked just fine for me .
After step 9 , scroll to the top , select Reboot , and go grab a coffee .
For whatever reason , the first reboot after installing a new ROM takes forever .
Here ’s my timeline :
( 02:02:49 AM ) rebooting phone after flashing
( 02:03:26 AM ) nexus animation starting
( 02:05:52 AM ) home screen shows up , swipe to unlock , and in the system settings to prove :
Total reboot time was just over 3 minutes .
Which felt like ages after waiting for the next Froyo build to drop .
What ’s In The Upgrade ?
We have no idea .
We ’ve heard rumors that Flash support was updated , and some improvements to make the web browser operate even faster .
As we discover anything , we ’ll be sure to let everyone know .
Personally , I have n’t noticed any changes yet , but I ’ll add more details here if I find anything .
TASHKENT , Uzbekistan , April 25 ( UPI ) --
Many women in Uzbekistan are sterilized without their consent under a government order meant to reduce the number of poor people , human rights activists say .
A human rights campaigner who requested anonymity because of fear of detention said about 5,000 women have been sterilized without consent since February , The Sunday Times of London reported .
Advertisement
Rights activists say tens of thousands of young women have been sterilized in secret since 2003 in the former Soviet state , on orders of President Islam Karimov , who has ruled Uzbekistan since 1990 .
The sterilizations were cut back in 2005 following public protest but resumed in February , the newspaper said .
Under pressure from the health ministry , doctors pressure women to deliver by Caesarean section and then sterilize them without obtaining their consent , the report said .
This has caused many women to opt for home delivery to avoid the risk .
A 26 - year - old woman said she was visited at home by doctors who told her she should go to a local hospital for a checkup .
She said she was told she had a potentially fatal cyst .
" They scared me into believing I needed an urgent operation , " she said .
" I was surprised as I 'd never had any pain but I was worried and agreed to the surgery .
When it was over they told me they 'd performed a sterilization .
I could not stop crying .
They tricked me and treated me like an animal . "
Student complaints have risen 37 % in two years .
Do they expect too much these days , or are universities letting them down ?
Shelley Maxwell did not go to university until she was 43 .
She has a condition similar to narcolepsy , which means she sleeps up to 16 hours a day .
She could never stay awake at school and left at 16 with just one qualification , in art .
But she always dreamed of returning to study , not least because a degree would allow her to take a job that paid enough to support herself even if she only worked part - time , rather than living on benefits .
Having separated from her husband in the 90s , Maxwell waited until her children were old enough and then began with a vengeance .
" Basically , this was my only opportunity , " she says .
" I started from scratch .
I did GCSEs , then an access course to allow me to go to university . "
In 2004 , she was offered a place to study contemporary military and international history at Salford University .
" I was so excited because I 'd done really , really well at college .
I 'd surprised myself – I just thoroughly enjoyed the whole process of learning .
I 'd never been able to do that before . "
But when she started the course , she soon began to have problems .
Lectures – which totalled six hours a week – were the biggest challenge because she would fall asleep .
She had been given a digital recording device to tape them , but was unable to stay awake long enough to transcribe the material .
Various solutions were offered , but none was suitable , she says .
At one point , notetakers were brought in , but using someone else 's notes did not help her when she had not heard the lecture in full herself .
Eventually , Maxwell made a complaint against the university , alleging that it had discriminated against her on the grounds of disability .
Salford offered to give her printouts of her lectures , but by this time , she claims , it was too late for her to catch up .
" Had that been done from the beginning , it would have made all the difference , " she says .
The university did offer to pay the fees for her to repeat the first year , but Maxwell decided to quit her studies , and would never return .
Salford acknowledged some faults , but disputed parts of the claim , and the case went to the Office of the Independent Adjudicator ( OIA ) , the students ' complaints watchdog .
The body found her complaint partially justified , awarding her £ 2,500 and criticising the university , recommending it review its disability procedures .
Salford says it has since invested significantly in its support services .
" As a university with a higher number of disabled students than the national average , we have particularly invested in this aspect of our support , " a spokesman says .
The circumstances of Maxwell 's case may be unusual , but the fact that she took it so far , and the importance to her of getting a degree , are not .
Student complaints to the OIA jumped by 12 % between 2008 and 2009 , figures published today reveal .
They have leapt 37 % in two years .
Last year , a total of 1,007 students complained about their universities in England and Wales to the OIA .
The watchdog says fierce competition for graduate jobs in the current economic climate and a more assertive student population have triggered the boom .
The threat of higher tuition fees has made students realise how valuable their degrees are – and therefore more likely to complain , it argues .
While 1,007 is only the equivalent of one complaint per 2,000 students at university , the real number of dissatisfied students is likely to be several thousands more .
Universities do not have to divulge how many of their students make official complaints – yet – and so today 's numbers only reflect the students who turn to the OIA as a last resort , having exhausted every avenue of their university 's complaints procedure .
Rob Behrens , the OIA 's chief executive , predicts there will be still higher numbers of complaints in the future .
More than £ 1bn cuts to higher education between now and 2013 are likely to lead universities to cut corners .
He is concerned that at least one campus has already made several of its student welfare officers redundant .
But a close analysis of the figures also reveals that the proportion of the complaints that were upheld , fully or partly , by the OIA dropped to 18 % in 2009 from 23 % the year before .
Those upheld fully fell to 5 % from 6.5 % .
Three - quarters were found not to be justified , compared with 71 % the year before .
Are students just trying it on ?
Just the contrary , Behrens argues .
" When students come to us , they feel very strongly about what has happened to them , " he says .
" It 's more a case of universities handling their complaints more efficiently . "
He attributes the sharp rise in complaints to " students knowing that what they have – a place on a degree course – is valuable and likely to cost more in future " .
" They have a better understanding of their rights now , too , " he adds .
Complaints by students such as Maxwell , who have a disability , are on the rise and now make up about 4 % of cases dealt with by the OIA .
A fifth of these complaints last year were found fully or partly justified .
They are mainly a case of a university refusing to give a student the equipment they need to help them with their studies .
Behrens says there continues to be " variability " in the way universities handle disability .
But the majority – 64 % – of complaints are from students who claim mitigating circumstances for a low mark in their coursework or exam , or from students who argue that their university has n't followed its procedures .
The OIA cannot interfere with an academic 's judgment of a student 's work , but it can hold universities to account for not following their own processes or for letting down a student in the run-up to that academic judgment .
A higher proportion of complaints in 2009 were related to accusations of cheating – 11 % compared with 8 % the year before .
And complaints about postgraduate supervision are also on the rise .
Most of these stem from a PhD supervisor 's reluctance to tell students they are not performing well during their studies .
When students submit their theses and are told they are n't good enough , they are shocked , and complain .
" Too many supervisors do not document meetings with postgraduates as their universities require them to , " says Behrens .
Business studies students and those on courses that are accredited by a professional association , such as nursing , medicine and teaching , are most likely to complain .
This is hardly surprising : being thrown off their course can shatter a student 's career plans .
Some 16 % of students who took their cases to the watchdog in 2009 were on business studies courses , while 14 % came from medicine , nursing or healthcare degrees .
One in 10 were studying law .
While three - fifths of complaints were from undergraduates , a disproportionately high number came from postgraduates – 32 % .
Around 7 % were from PhD students .
More than half – 56 % – of complaints came from men .
Forty percent of complainants were aged between 25 and 39 , while a quarter were aged 40 or more .
A third were under 25 .
International students from outside the EU made up a disproportionately high number of complainants at more than a fifth of complaints , compared with 67 % from UK - born students .
" Some universities are quite cavalier in seeking to attract students , particularly international ones , " says Behrens .
" But their prospectuses do n't link up closely enough with what students are provided with on their courses . "
Steve Smith , president of Universities UK , the umbrella group for vice - chancellors , says that while universities " obviously have to be concerned about the rise in complaints , the numbers complaining are very low indeed .
We can't be complacent , but the drop in the number of complaints upheld shows universities are handling their complaints more effectively . "
However , the OIA is determined to make universities handle them even better .
Behrens criticises some universities , without naming them , for their " excessive delays " .
The watchdog is considering whether to publish the names of universities when it discloses its decisions on cases .
It will not publish the names of students , it says .
It also wants to publish how many complaints it receives about each university .
As early as the end of this year , universities could be named and shamed .
" I believe very strongly that it is an anomaly that the names of the universities are not published , " Behrens says .
The National Union of Students agrees .
Aaron Porter , its president - elect , says universities still need to do more to ensure a high - quality service , before asking for higher tuition fees .
" There should be openness and transparency in the complaints procedure , and while privacy should be protected in the details of individual cases , students have a right to know where their universities are failing , " he says .
" We appreciate that there are additional pressures placed on staff at a time when universities are being forced to make cuts .
There is no excuse for a lack of time and resource to result in poor treatment of students . "
The NUS also want a three - month limit on the time universities take to deal with complaints from the time they are lodged .
The OIA has raised the amount it gives students in compensation .
Last year , it awarded £ 163,343 , with £ 45,000 the biggest single payout – awarded to a PhD student who fought a suspension from her teaching work , which was imposed after a harassment allegation against her .
This compares with £ 93,535 the year before , with £ 45,000 the largest sum .
But the watchdog may also end up having to do more for students , too .
Although it found partly in Maxwell 's favour , the OIA did not formally rule on whether Salford had breached disability discrimination legislation , saying this was a matter for the courts .
Maxwell fears that without such a ruling the same thing could happen to her again were she to attend another university , and has won the right to take the case to judicial review .
It will be heard at the high court next month , and is being vigorously defended by the OIA .
For now , she remains on benefits .
" It makes you feel like a sponger , " she says .
" Studying is the only way out of it .
Going to university meant absolutely everything to me . "
• A statistic in this story has been corrected since publication .
It now reads : " Forty percent of complainants were aged between 25 and 39 . "
Reporting from Sacramento
The Democrats who control the Legislature have fired their opening salvo against Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger ’s spending blueprint , which proposed eliminating California ’s welfare program and cutting deeply into other state services , by proposing that the state rely instead on billions of dollars in new taxes to balance the budget .
The Assembly ’s Democrats detailed a plan Tuesday that would tax oil companies and borrow billions from the nickel - and - dime deposits that consumers make on recyclable bottles and cans .
Tax breaks for businesses that are scheduled to take effect soon would be delayed under the plan .
A day earlier , Democrats in the Senate had begun debating a nearly $ 5 - billion tax plan that would delay the same corporate tax breaks and extend both a hike in personal income taxes and a reduced dependent - care credit that are set to expire in December .
Vehicle license fees would rise by $ 1.2 billion .
Taxes on alcohol would increase 60 % .
Despite the competing plans , Democrats in both houses agree that the deficit has grown so large — at $ 19.1 billion it is now roughly 20 % of the state ’s general fund — that any rational plan to close it must include tax increases .
“ We have to stop thinking we can afford to provide the amount of services that the state ’s residents expect for less money , ” said Sen. Gil Cedillo ( D- Los Angeles ) .
“ That ’s just not going to happen . ”
But tax hikes require some Republican votes , and with five weeks until the start of the next fiscal year , the Legislature and the Republican governor have now publicly staked out budget negotiating positions that are very far apart .
Schwarzenegger ’s office immediately dismissed the Democrats ’ proposals .
“ It is unfortunate that the Democrats ’ first instinct is to raise taxes , ” said Schwarzenegger spokesman Aaron McLear .
Republican legislators also rejected the tax hikes .
“ Asking people to dig deeper to support a chronically broken bureaucracy that is faced with a $ 19 - billion budget deficit is just plain wrong , ” Senate Budget Committee Vice Chairman Bob Dutton ( R- Rancho Cucamonga ) said in a statement .
Kevin Eckery , a Sacramento - based GOP political strategist , said all sides are posturing .
“ At this point , it ’s clear everyone ’s just maneuvering , ” he said .
“ We ’re no more going to eliminate welfare in California than we are going dumpster diving for bottles and cans to pay our bills . ”
Schwarzenegger ’s austere budget outline , released May 14 , contained no new taxes .
Beyond the elimination of California ’s welfare program , the governor would trim $ 2.8 billion from K - 12 schools , slash child care for low - income families and reduce in - home care for the elderly and disabled .
On Tuesday , Assembly Speaker John Pérez ( D - Los Angeles ) tried to frame his plan as the better one for California ’s beleaguered economy .
The governor ’s proposed cuts , he said , would cost California billions in federal matching money and 430,000 jobs , “ further decimating the economy just as we ’re beginning to recover . ”
The Assembly plan centers on raiding the state ’s recycling fund for the next 20 years and going to Wall Street for an $ 8.7 - billion loan .
The state would then levy a nearly 10 % oil severance tax to help pay off the loan .
The scheme would not require Republican support , according to Pérez ’s staff , because it engages a complicated raising of one tax and lowering of another that would skirt the state ’s requirement of a two - thirds vote of the Legislature to raise taxes .
Pérez called the approach “ unique and creative . ”
McLear described it as “ legal gymnastics . ”
Under Pérez ’s plan , the infusion of borrowed money would allow Democrats to cast aside almost all of Schwarzenegger ’s proposed service cuts .
But the state ’s bloated deficit would reemerge the following year .
Assemblyman Jim Silva ( R- Huntington Beach ) said the plan was evidence of “ the same old smoke and mirrors that has caused the state to limp along for years . ”
If the Democrats try the maneuver , he said , it would be followed by a wave of “ legal challenges . ”
The Senate Democrats ’ approach is more straightforward .
It would plug roughly a quarter of the state ’s deficit with tax increases .
The 60 % hike on alcohol taxes would bring in $ 210 million .
The vehicle license fee would grow from 1.15 % of a vehicle ’s value to 1.5 % .
A $ 220 cut in the dependent - care tax credit would be extended , raising $ 430 million .
A surcharge of 0.25 % on personal income taxes , set to expire at the end of 2010 , would continue throughout 2011 to bring $ 1 billion into state coffers .
The delay in business tax breaks would allow the state to collect an additional $ 2.05 billion in the coming fiscal year .
The Assembly plan counts the same savings .
Assembly Budget Committee Vice Chairman Jim Nielsen , a Republican from Gerber , said more taxes got the state “ in the mess we ’re in today , ” and he hoped the latest proposals were not the “ Democrats ’ last , best offer to Republicans . ”
The plans , he said , are “ doomed to failure . ”
shane.goldmacher@latimes.com
May 12 , 2010  --
Former first lady Laura Bush has broken with her husband on the premier social issues of his administration and said she backs gay marriage and abortion .
After more than eight years of silence on the controversial issues , Mrs. Bush said in an interview with CNN's Larry KingTuesday , that gay marriage and abortion were points of contention with her husband , former President George W. Bush .
Mrs. Bush in recent weeks has been promoting her memoir " Spoken from the Heart , " in which she writes about her life both before and after becoming first lady .
In response to a question about gay marriage , she said , " There are a lot of people who have trouble coming to terms with that because they see marriage as traditionally between a man and a woman .
But I also know that , you know , when couples are committed to each other and love each other , that they ought to have , I think , the same sort of rights that everyone has . "
Mrs. Bush said she and the ex-president " disagree " on legalizing same - sex marriage .
" I understand totally what George thinks and what other people think about marriage being between a man and a woman .
And it 's a real , you know , reversal really for [ them ] to accept gay marriage , " she said .
When King asked if she could accept gay marriage , the first lady said : " I think we could , yeah . "
" You think [ legalization of same - sex marriage ] is coming ? " asked King .
" Yeah , that will come , I think , " she replied .
Laura Bush called gay marriage the " social issue " of her husband 's second campaign in 2004 .
In February of that year , weeks after a Massachusetts court ruled same - sex couples could marry in that state , her husband endorsed a constitutional amendment banning same - sex marriage .
Laura Bush and George Bush Disagreed on Abortion , Gay Marriage
The ex-first lady also told King she believes abortion should remain legal , an opinion she suggested she held on the President Bush 's first day in office in 2001 .
On the day of George W. Bush 's first inauguration , the first lady sat down with CBS ' Katie Couric who " asked two questions about abortion , and then she asked me if I was for the overturn of Roe versus Wade ...
This was the very morning my husband was about to be inaugurated .
And I thought , do I really want to start my husband 's presidency , you know , suggesting that a Supreme Court rule being overturned ?
And I said ' no . ' "
Laura Bush said abortion should " remain legal , because I think it 's important for people , for medical reasons and other reasons . "
Mrs. Bush said she was " not really " expressive about same - sex marriage and abortion when she lived in the White House .
She said she and her husband talked about both issues , but were not " argumentative . "
" I understand his viewpoint .
I really do , " she said .
" I understand his viewpoint .
And he understands mine . "
Bush 's comments sparked reaction – and criticism – from both sides of the aisle .
Liberal groups said she should have spoken out sooner when she had the White House as a bully pulpit .
Conservatives defended the merits of their arguments despite , being seemingly unable to convince the wife of one of their movement 's most prominent figureheads .
" When the right wing was using same - sex couples as election year pawns and the president calling for a cynical constitutional amendment to deny people rights , we would have welcomed support from the first lady .
Nevertheless , her speaking out for marriage equality shows that more and more Americans realize all families need the same rights and protections , " said Michael Cole , spokesman for the Human Rights Campaign , a gay rights group .
Conservatives said Laura Bush had hinted at her positions in the past and that her opinions neither influenced policy nor reflected the sentiments of the American people .
" It 's disappointing to hear Laura Bush , who is a well respected and admired former first lady , espouse positions on marriage and the value of human life that are contrary not only to her husband 's but arguably , according to polls , in conflict with the majority of Americans , " said Carrie Gordon Earll , spokeswoman for the conservative group Focus on the Family .
I thought someone would do this , but your animation is even better than what was in my head .
Edit : see how big the slick has grown using Google Earth www.b3ta.com/links/471331
Many of the “ anti- lean ” stories I hear sound like descriptions of situations or methods that I would hardly describe as “ Lean . ”
There are many problems with the word “ Lean , ” ( see one such example ) but we 're pretty well stuck with it .
“ Lean ” is often used in a negative sense that has nothing to do with the Toyota Production System , as in “ we have very lean staffing levels , ” meaning “ we do n't have enough people to get the job done . ”
That 's not the Lean concept at all .
A Lean organization makes sure we have the right number of people to do the work the right way .
There is no official ‘ keeper of the lean ” to officially bestow the “ lean ” title on any practice or behavior .
We 're free to describe pretty much anything we like as “ lean , ” the only downside might be getting mocked in the lean community , but that 's not much downside , is it ?
For example , this “ 5S ” program in the UK that was described as “ demeaning . ”
From the news reports , this did n't sound very “ Lean , ” ( in a Toyota sense ) in terms of doing anything much to reduce waste or improve things for employees .
Does this give “ Lean ” a bad name or does it give the consultants and the managers a bad name ?
People tend to blame “ Lean . ”
When companies use Lean methods to drive layoffs , something most Lean consultants ( myself included ) say you should n't do since it understandably drains any employee enthusiasm for lean , does this give “ Lean ” a bad name or that company a bad name ?
People blame “ Lean ” and say that “ Lean ” led to their layoffs .
When this guy got the idea , somewhere , that Gemba walks led to more bureaucracy and paperwork .
If that the was the case somewhere ( and it should n't be if a Gemba process is implemented properly , would “ Lean ” get the blame for wasting managers ' time ?
We need a phrase that describes these “ bad ” or misguided attempts at Lean , things that give Lean a bad name .
How about something like …
LAME : “ Lean ” As Misguidedly Executed
Lean As Mistakenly Explained ?
Can you think of a better phrase ?
We need something to describe what bad managers do when they purposely distort or accidentally misunderstand Lean .
Maybe this will catch on , or maybe it 's lame .
This way , when we see a “ lean horror story , ” we can refer to it as the “ LAME method ” instead of a “ Lean method . ”
Do you have any “ LAME ” stories to share for others to learn from ?
More “ LAME ” posts and stories .
Please post a comment and join the discussion .
Subscribe to get notified about posts via email daily or weekly .
The technology behind the MotoCzysz E1 pc is n't just the future for motorcycles , it 's the future of electric vehicles .
When you have 10 x the battery power of a Prius and 2.5 x the torque of a Ducati it 's easy to see why .
Advertisement
Michael Czysz , the man behind the machine , has made the MotoCzysz E1 pc so advanced that all the major parts of the E1 pc — from its motor to its battery packs to even its aerodynamics — are all new and class leading .
The battery , obviously key in any electric vehicle , is connected without wires and thus can be easily swapped out in seconds .
The batteries are hand assembled by a company that develops for NASA and its electric motor runs at nearly 500 volts which is powerful enough to turn a wrench into a pile of molten metal .
The motor , called " D1g1tal Dr1ve , " offers a nearly direct connection between the throttle and rear wheel , which allows it to be nastily fast .
Advertisement
How fast ?
During practice this week :
[ The E1 pc ] reached a top speed of 140 MPH - besting its closest electric competitor 's 102 MPH .
The E1pc also clocked a 94.6 MPH lap , tantalizingly close to the 100 MPH goal .
Yes , it completed that lap .
But that 's not the amazing thing ; the E1 pc ran that time while using , on average , less than 40 percent of its throttle and crossed the finish line with , according to Czysz , with " plenty in reserve . "
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
The MotoCzysz E1 pc is set to race this week in the 37.7 mile of twists and turns that is the Isle of Man TT , a race that is designed to break motorcycles and its riders and if completed gives a motorcycle instant credibility .
We 're not kidding , the Isle of Man TT is so tough that 227 people have died in its 91 - race history .
But if all goes to plan , and hopefully it will , we 'll see no deaths at the race and instead witness the birth of the future of electric vehicles .
[ Hell for Leather via PopSci ]
When it 's nice outside , you want to be outside , eat outside , savor the outside — and , most likely , not raise your home 's internal temperature .
Try these meal ideas , cooking hacks , and no -cook recipes for easy and enjoyable summer meals .
Advertisement
Photo by sleepyneko .
Food magazines and sites often hit their readers with " no- cook " or " oven - free " recipes and features come spring and early summer .
There are lots of good sources for such recipes , and we would n't dare try to provide a compilation .
Instead , we 're aiming to give you a few idea - starters and inspiration , as well as tips on where to look to avoid relying on the microwave when you 're trying to keep the oven off .
Advertisement
Hearty Salads and Cold Soups
These are the classics of no - oven cooking , and for good reason .
They 're easy to prepare , generate no heat at all , generally , and are particularly valuable on nights when it 's so hot , you do n't want to eat a big meat - focused meal , anyways .
You can , as the Los Angeles Times points out , make many kinds of gazpacho , from the kind of tomatoes , cucumbers , and peppers you can only get in summer .
Then there are salads .
Throw in tofu , as detailed at Cheap Healthy Good , and you 've made a full meal in a bowl , using only a knife .
There are also bean salads , like this honey balsamic recipe , that provide lean protein without the use of an oven .
Photo via 101 Cookbooks .
Use Other Appliances to Cook
Advertisement
There are all these little appliances in the modern kitchen that can heat up food on a smaller , less room - heating scale than the oven .
You can make full meals in your rice cooker , or invest in a pressure cooker for cheap , fast , low - fat dishes .
The slow cooker , or crock pot , is another candidate for summer cooking , since it can do the work while you 're at work yourself , but how do you know how long it will cook if you have to work extra hours , or grab a cold one after work ?
Use one of our reader 's tips and add a Christmas tree timer to fine - tune the cooking time .
Photo by FotoosVanRobin .
( Original posts : rice cooker , pressure cooker , crock pot timer ) .
Advertisement
Rice Noodles
I buy these in staggering amounts at the local Asian market for scarily low prices .
Why ?
Because they cook very , very quickly , and work well with whatever kind of flavor you 're fending for — curries , fresh - tasting shrimp / mint / cilantro combinations , really simple tofu dishes , whatever .
The Kitchn blog offers up five good rice noodle recipes .
Some may require use of the stovetop to cook meat , but it 's not much time .
Advertisement
Pesto and Pasotto
Advertisement
Pesto , that deliciously rich combination of leafy stuff ( usually basil ) , nuts , and oil , is something you can make in a huge batch , then freeze with a little oil on top in ice cube trays or small containers .
You can then use it in all kinds of dishes , including many no - heat - needed recipes .
If actual cooked pasta is something you love , but waiting for water to boil and steam up the kitchen is not , then try " pasotto . "
It is , as The Atlantic explains it , a pasta that 's cooked like risotto — less water , less time , less overall heat , and flavor - packed .
Photo by jonrawlinson .
( Original pasotto post ) .
Advertisement
Crazy - Fast Cold Desserts
Advertisement
The gold standard in no - oven - needed desserts , besides fresh fruit , is probably no - bake cheesecake that 's had time to get nice and cool in the fridge .
Beyond that , there are recipes you can pull off , minutes after dinner , that yield delicious results very quickly .
Man , have we covered the heck out of quick frozen desserts , actually :
Advertisement
How do you get your meals cooked when it 's hot , darned hot outside ?
What 's your laziest go - to recipe ?
We want to hear them , and maybe link them later , in the comments .
Tags
Ever since the fall of 2008 , interest in the Austrian theory of the business cycle has exploded .
Judging from the email I receive after a Mises Daily article , or the type of people who go to a Mises Circle event , I can personally attest that it's not just ideological students and college professors anymore .
On the contrary , actual financial professionals — people with " real jobs " with real money on the line — are waking up to the fact that the guys on CNBC do n't know what they 're talking about .
These professionals have been intrigued by the public statements of people like Peter Schiff and Ron Paul , and many of them may have purchased Tom Woods 's bestseller Meltdown .
Yet they want more .
Unfortunately , diving headlong into the work of Mises , or even Rothbard , can be very intimidating , especially for someone who just stumbled upon Austrian economics within the last few years .
Many people want to learn more , but they need a guide .
As in so many other areas , here too the Mises Institute comes to the rescue .
The newly unveiled Mises Academy is the online university for Austrian scholarship .
I am very excited to be teaching the inaugural class , " Understanding the Business Cycle , " beginning Monday , April 12 .
Outline of the Course
The course is nine weeks long .
There are no prerequisites , either in mathematics or economics , for someone to take this class .
In the beginning we will cover the basics of the Austrian School of economics , and give a general overview of the Austrian explanation of business cycles .
We will then study in depth the Austrian approaches to capital and interest , and to money and banking .
Once we have these building blocks mastered , we will study how genuine savings leads to a sustainable increase in the productive capacity of the economy .
As Hayek said , " Before we can meaningfully ask what might go wrong , we should first understand how things could ever go right . "
In week 6 of the course , we will finally be ready to explore the Mises - Hayek theory of the business cycle , where the central bank causes an unsustainable boom through its " easy - credit " policies .
The unsustainable boom paves the way for a bust , when workers and other resources must be reallocated from their boom - time niches and into more appropriate sectors .
In the remaining three weeks of the course , we will survey other popular theories of the business cycle , as well as entertain some of the leading objections to the Austrian explanation .
We will also cover Roger Garrison 's graphical presentation of the Hayekian story , and we will apply the Austrian theory to major historical episodes .
For far more details on the syllabus , as well as the weekly breakdown of lectures , discussion topics , and quizzes , please see this description .
Classroom of the Future
In preparation for the course , Grayson Lilburne and I have been testing out the software .
It is amazing .
Here is a screenshot :
During each week 's main lecture , the students will be able to see me through a live video and audio connection , while following along with my PowerPoint presentation .
All the while , students can type in questions in a chat room format that I can see while I 'm talking .
We have all known for years that , one day , we would transcend physical conferences such as Mises University , and hold in - depth instruction over the Internet .
Up till now , the software was never adequate to do it right .
At long last , the wait is over .
Conclusion
We are thrilled to open the Mises Academy , not just for this course but for all the future ones it will host .
For those readers who have always wanted a guided tour of Austrian business - cycle theory , you now have that option — all from the comfort of your home computer .
In closing , let me anticipate one of the most frequently asked questions : Currently , the Mises Institute is not officially accredited .
However , those who desire to do so can take a final exam and have the results posted online .
In this way , economics majors can receive extra credit from professors friendly to the Mises Institute , and finance professionals can curry favor with their bosses if they are fans of the Austrian School .
Even if you are n't interested in Austrian business - cycle theory , I urge you to click the link and see the possibilities .
The launch of the Mises Academy may come to represent a major turning point in the public 's understanding of sound economics .
We have selected the business cycle as our first course not only because of its popularity , but also because of its relevance :
If I had been asked a few years ago to design a scheme for the slow but thorough crippling of the US economy , it would be hard to top what Bernanke & Co. have done .
If I 'm right , though , you should n't just take my word for it , or the word of Ron Paul and other Austrians .
In order to focus his own efforts on setting up the Mises Academy , Grayson Lilburne assembled passages of Mises 's that articulate what he calls the Misesian Injunction , some of which I excerpt here :
Everyone carries a part of society on his shoulders ; no one is relieved of his share of responsibility by others .
And no one can find a safe way out for himself if society is sweeping towards destruction .
Therefore everyone , in his own interests , must thrust himself vigorously into the intellectual battle .
None can stand aside with unconcern ; the interests of everyone hang on the result .
Whether he chooses or not , every man is drawn into the great historical struggle , the decisive battle into which our epoch has plunged us .
If you are willing to devote $ 255 and nine weeks of your time , I promise that you will emerge from the course with a much better understanding of why so many Austrian economists are very pessimistic about the future .
You will have more clarity in the conduct of your personal finances , and you will have more confidence when you discuss these important issues with your friends and relatives .
If you want to become a judge , prepare for a long road .
Judges require , at the very least , a professional degree , and many also hold a doctorate degree .
Judges work in courtrooms at the local , state and federal government level , overseeing the legal process , conducting hearings , facilitating negotiations and issuing legal decisions .
This requires a sensitivity to law 's complexities , including a familiarity with historical court decisions and the ability to resist political pressures .
The Right Education
To become a judge , start by earning an undergraduate degree .
Though there ’s no requirement for a certain major , it can help to major in subjects such as political science , history , or English , since judges must be excellent writers and critical thinkers .
Many prospective judges also graduate from law school , a process that can take three years .
During this time , classes might include constitutional law , property law , civil and criminal procedure and legal writing .
Completing relevant internships at law offices , in government or other fields can help gain valuable practical skills to accompany your academic preparation .
Work Experience in Law
Bolster your educational credentials with practical work experience .
For some potential judges , this can mean working as lawyer .
Before practicing as an attorney , you are required to pass the state bar examination .
Working in law can help build important contacts , connections and relevant courtroom skills .
Some states allow professionals without prior law experience to hold judgeships , but more opportunities exist for those who have worked as a lawyer .
Seeking a professional mentor who is a judge , or works within law , can provide access to resources and experiences not available through traditional routes .
Reading law - related journals and legal publications can add valuable insight into current events and issues .
Training and Certifications
Judgeships have differing requirements ; for example , federal administrative law judges must pass an exam issued through the U.S. Office of Personnel Management .
Moving up the hierarchy of judgeships may require additional training and certifications , depending on the job at hand .
State governments typically have a formal orientation process for newly elected or newly appointed judges ; additionally , the Federal Judicial Center , American Bar Association , National Judicial College and National Center for State Courts have special education and training programs .
Studying the career paths of respected judges through traditional media , including promotions or honors , can help offer deeper insight into their professional training .
Vetting and the Appointment Process
Some judges run for elected office ; others are nominated for available judicial positions .
Having a stellar professional track record can help draw attention to a strong candidate ; it also helps to have connections who might be able to refer you to decision - makers during the nomination process .
Nominated candidates for some positions , such as the federal bench , are screened by the American Bar Association ’s Standing Committee on the Federal Judiciary .
Professional integrity , competence and judicial “ temperament ” will be evaluated for suitability .
There are exceptions , but twelve years of law experience is considered to be the minimum for these honored positions .
Expect a hefty background check that could involve 40 or more attorneys familiar with your work experience and qualifications .
Applying for Positions
Although some positions are nomination - based , others can be approached through the traditional job application process .
Though it might seem like common sense , make sure your professional reputation is impeccable .
Pay your taxes , avoid illegal drugs , cultivate positive relationships with other legal professionals , and keep personal debt levels low .
Never cut corners with household help or nannies with regard to Social Security , unemployment tax and worker ’s compensation .
Image caption
The US housing market is slowly recovering
The number of US homes being repossessed hit an all - time high last month , but is set to start falling , says the body that tracks the figures .
Banks took control of 92,432 properties in April , up 1 % from March , and a 45 % rise from a year earlier , said RealtyTrac .
While actual repossessions rose , the number of new notices started against struggling homeowners declined .
New repossession cases fell 9 % from March and 2 % from April 2009 .
' Slowing down '
" What we 're really seeing is the effect of lenders slowing down the initial notices of default while they are processing what 's already in the pipeline , " said Rick Sharga , senior vice president at RealtyTrac .
A total of 333,837 new repossession filings were made in April , one for every 387 homes in the US .
" The housing market is still in critical condition but is stable , " Mr Sharga added .
The picture differs across the US , with California , Florida , Michigan , Illinois and Nevada being the worst affected .
Taken together , those five states accounted for 52 % of all new repossession actions in April .
The next five most impacted states were Arizona , Georgia , Texas , Ohio and Virginia .
Las Vegas , the biggest city in Nevada , was the worst affected large urban area , with one in every 60 homes getting a repossession notice .
However , the US housing market continues to paint a mixed picture .
The main US estate agency organisation , the National Association of Realtors , said on Wednesday that house prices rose in almost 60 % of US cities in the first quarter of the year .
You'd have thought Tim Langdell would have given up by now , but no - he 's back again with a lovely trademark infringement lawsuit .
This time it 's against EA over the name Mirror 's Edge .
Langdell and his company Edge Games are staking a claim over the word ' Edge ' , and are suing EA for “ willful infringement and unfair competition ” .
Not only that , but Langdell is also claiming “ continued infringement ” against EA , with claims for treble damages .
Langdell claims that " Edge Games and its related entities have used the “ Edge ” trademark since 1984 ” and that EA launched the Mirror 's Edge franchise - including a title for iPad - without his approval .
Here 's a quote from the press release - yes , he sent a press release out announcing the lawsuit - so you can get the general gist of it :
" … Edge Games sent a cease - and - desist letter in July 2007 after learning of EA ’s intentions to launch Mirror ’s Edge .
Rather than responding to the letter , the lawsuit states , EA instead filed a trademark application with the United States Patent and Trademark Office in an attempt to register the Mirror ’s Edge name .
" The USPTO denied the application in early 2008 , stating that EA ’s planned use of Mirror ’s Edge would likely cause confusion with several registered trademarks maintained by Edge Games . "
Is taking on one of the biggest gaming publishers in the world really that good an idea ?
Las Cruces man sentenced on kidnapping , gun charges
Samuel Chavez , 61 , of Las Cruces was sentenced in federal court Tuesday to 16 years and eight months in prison for kidnapping and firearms charges .
Image caption Piratbyran created The Pirate Bay , then separated from the file - sharing site .
The Swedish anti-copyright group Piratbyran , which gave rise to the popular file - sharing website The Pirate Bay has disbanded .
Marcin de Kaminski , a founder of Piratbyran , which means " piracy bureau " in English , told BBC News " we do n't feel we are needed " any more .
But the group also decided to close following the death of a co-founder .
A spokesperson for the Swedish computer games industry said the decision showed " the discussion has moved on " .
Piratbyran first emerged in 2003 , as a response to the Swedish body Antipiratbyran ( anti- piracy bureau ) , which works to counter the sharing of copyrighted materials on - line .
Different perspectives
Mr de Kaminski claimed that Piratbyran had " normalised " the use of file - sharing networks : " to make sure that people do n't feel ashamed about being file - sharers , but that it is a natural and quite common activity online " .
It 's fair to say that most illegal file - sharers feel they really should be paying Per Stromback , Editor , Netopia
Per Stromback , a spokesperson for the Swedish games industry and editor of the discussion forum Netopia , which is supported by several Swedish creative organisations , said Piratbyran " have been very successful in creating excuses for something that can't be justified .
" It 's fair to say that most illegal file - sharers feel they really should be paying " .
Piratbyran may be best remembered as a group which created the popular file - sharing website The Pirate Bay .
Whilst Pirate Bay servers do not actually store copyright materials , they use a peer - to - peer networking technology called Bittorrent , which enables users to easily connect with other users to share and download legal and illegal films , music and software .
Last year , four men associated with The Pirate Bay were given a hefty fine and sentenced to a year in jail , after they were found guilty in Sweden of having made copyright files available for illegal file - sharing .
An appeal in the case is pending .
Mr de Kaminski said that Piratbyran " has not been involved with Pirate Bay for five years or more " , but that he expected the site to continue operating .
He also attributed the closure of Piratbyran to the death of one of its co-founders , Ibi Kopimi Botani : " Our group was very small , and when one of our members is no longer alive , it is hard to keep the group alive , " he said .
Fun pranks
Mr Stromback added that he would miss some of his exchanges with the Piratbyran group .
" They have an old bus which they drive around to all sorts of places .
" They have a fun anarchistic way of presenting themselves , and whilst we do n't share many of the same views , I 've enjoyed some of their pranks . "
The family of a man with a hatchet who was shot and killed by an Oakland police officer has filed a federal civil rights suit against the city , saying that the hatchet was simply a work tool and that the man posed no threat to police .
Brownie Polk , 46 , of Oakland was shot at Tolins Liquors at 71st Avenue and International Boulevard shortly after 9 p.m. Aug. 1 when he pulled out a hatchet , held it over his head and confronted an officer , police have said .
The officer had been flagged down by a store employee who said Polk was being disruptive .
Polk walked toward the officer with the hatchet and ignored numerous commands , prompting the officer to fire several shots , police said .
A video from the store corroborated the officer 's account , police said .
But Officer Yanicka Taylor had no reason to shoot Polk because he was " unarmed and posed no danger to himself or others , " said the suit filed Tuesday in U.S. District Court in San Francisco by Santa Ana attorney Federico Sayre .
" She was far enough away from him that he did n't represent an immediate threat to her or anybody else , " Sayre said Friday .
" I do n't know what was in her head . "
Sayre said the department has refused to release a copy of the video .
Polk 's relatives have said that he had the tool because he worked as a handyman and that it was not a weapon .
" He would never charge at police with a hatchet , " his sister , Marsha Polk - Townsend , said shortly after Polk was killed .
" I would bet my life on it . "
Officer Jeff Thomason , an Oakland police spokesman , said he could not comment because the case is in litigation .
Sayre filed the suit on behalf of Polk - Townsend and Polk 's 16 - year - old son , Brandon Polk .
The complaint seeks unspecified damages and names Oakland and Taylor as defendants .
Liverpool expect to finalise the appointment of Roy Hodgson as the club's new manager following his return from South Africa today .
The Fulham manager , who has been commenting at the World Cup for the BBC , has been the frontrunner for the Liverpool job since Rafael Benítez left Anfield this month and could be confirmed as the Spaniard 's successor within days .
Liverpool have considered several candidates for the position , including the former Real Madrid and Villarreal coach Manuel Pellegrini , but Kenny Dalglish , the club legend asked to conduct the managerial search alongside the managing director , Christian Purslow , is not in the running .
Anfield officials are confident of securing a deal with Hodgson now that he has returned from South Africa and with his prospects of being offered the chance to succeed Fabio Capello as England manager diminished by the national team 's World Cup victory over Slovenia .
It is understood the make - up of Hodgson 's backroom staff is one of the issues to be resolved prior to his appointment , with the 62 - year - old keen to bring the Fulham assistant manager , Mike Kelly , with him to Merseyside .
While Liverpool await the arrival of their next manager , Yossi Benayoun is close to leaving Anfield for Chelsea after the two clubs agreed a £ 5 m fee for the Israel international .
Le sigh :
Welcome to the Rand Paul Project , where Lesson No. 1 is that unconventional candidates are prone to do ... unconventional things .
It 's hard to tell them that , no , they should n't go on a liberal cable news show at a moment of maximum attention to their every word and , no , they should n't indulge the temptation to defend their extreme - sounding views on the sort of racial discrimination that once had African - Americans drinking out of " colored " water fountains .
" He thinks he 's got enough working knowledge of the system and his philosophy to hold forth on anything any time , "
Al Cross , a longtime Kentucky political journalist , said of Paul on Thursday .
" But he 's not ready for prime time . "
In some ways , it 's just a freshman media mistake : Accept every interview that 's offered , even if it means walking into the lion 's den wrapped in red meat .
But with what should be a safe Republican seat on the line , the first days of Paul 's general election campaign have party pros unnerved .
I was watching Candy Crowley on CNN this morning , and the response was basically the same .
The upshot seems to be that what Rand Paul said was n't so much ignorant , as it was " politically " ignorant .
The problem is n't that Paul had n't thought much about why he believes what he believes , it 's that he had n't thought much about his venue .
It 's that he was n't a " pro . "
It 's not a mistake of content .
It 's a mistake of " messaging . "
I do n't want to lay all of this on the media -- there 's obviously a big market for this kind of journalism .
But that said , while I expect politicians and their handlers to think in terms of messaging , I also expect -- perhaps foolishly - - for media to be in the business of pushing past that messaging to actual ideas .
What we get instead is a faux - objectivity , that avoids the substance of issues and instead focuses on how that substance is pitched .
In that sense , much like the relationship between entertainment and many entertainment journalists , it 's really hard to see media as more than quasi- independent extension of campaign apparatus .
Nothing I 'm saying here is new or revelatory .
But I feel kind of stupid for forgetting .
Dining is one of the greatest delights in life of an individual .
But what do you need to know before buying a dining table or chairs .
Here ’s a post that …
A man who says he is an Iranian nuclear scientist claims to have escaped after being abducted by US agents .
In a video shown on Iranian state TV , he says he has escaped in the US state of Virginia and is now on the run .
Mr Amiri disappeared a year ago while undertaking the Hajj in Saudi Arabia .
Two videos purportedly showing him surfaced three weeks ago .
One said he had been kidnapped , the other that he was living freely in Arizona .
The US has strenuously denied abducting him , but ABC News reported in March that Mr Amiri had defected and was helping the CIA compile intelligence on Iran 's controversial nuclear weapons programme .
The state department has refused to say whether he is in the US .
' Not free '
In the new video , broadcast on Tuesday , a man claiming to be the missing scientist says : " I , Shahram Amiri , am a national of the Islamic Republic of Iran and a few minutes ago I succeeded in escaping US security agents in Virginia .
" Presently , I am producing this video in a safe place .
I could be re-arrested at any time . "
The man says the video broadcast earlier this month - in which someone claiming to be Mr Amiri says he was kidnapped by Saudi and US agents , tortured , forced to say he had defected and was living in Tucson , Arizona - is " completely authentic and there are no fabrications in it .
" The second video which was published on YouTube by the US government , where I have said that I am free and want to continue my education here , is not true and is a complete fabrication .
I was not prepared to betray my country under any kind of threats or bribery by the US government Shahram Amiri , 29 June broadcast 8 June video transcripts
" I am not free here and I am not permitted to contact my family .
If something happens and I do not return home alive , the US government will be responsible . "
He finishes the video by urging Iranian officials and human rights organisations to " put pressure on the US government for my release and return " .
" I was not prepared to betray my country under any kind of threats or bribery by the US government , " he adds .
A US official told the AFP news agency the allegations were " ludicrous " .
Iranian media have said Mr Amiri worked as a researcher at a university in Tehran , but some reports say he worked for the country 's atomic energy organisation and had in - depth knowledge of its nuclear programme .
It ’s easy to glorify Verizon as an iPhone owner , because AT&T is so awful .
But Verizon sucks , too — just in different ways , for the most part .
I ’ve been a Verizon Wireless customer since 2004 : phones for the first 4 years , and data via tethering and EVDO modems for the entire time .
I recently upgraded to a MiFi 2200 and renewed my data contract for another 2 years .
I ’ve traveled all over the east coast , mostly in New York , using Verizon voice and data services ( data - only in the recent years ) , and I use their data service every day in Manhattan and the surrounding area .
It ’s not that great .
Among the problems I ’ve had :
Indoor reception is spotty , even in otherwise strong areas .
Certain rooms of houses are dead zones for no apparent reason .
Sometimes , entire houses or apartments get no usable service level at all .
Often , calls go straight to voicemail without ringing the phone , even when the phone has full reception .
This happens more frequently in crowded areas , like Manhattan .
Verizon ’s customer service and sales staff seems like they have never used , sold , or heard of data service on anything .
The salespeople too afraid to say “ I do n’t know ” will give you false information , and the customer service people will bounce you around in transfers because they have no idea what to do with data - service issues .
Every change to your plan or billing info is likely to be screwed up at least once .
So if there ’s a Verizon iPhone in the future , there ’s no guarantee that it will be significantly better than AT&T’s .
Verizon wo n’t be generous with plan pricing or terms .
Expect to pay about the same rates as AT&T : a voice plan , separate charges for SMS / MMS , and $ 30 / month for data ( which will be required ) .
They ’ll probably even charge separately for Visual Voicemail .
Everyone criticizes AT&T for indefinitely delaying iPhone tethering , but once we can actually get tethering , many of the protestors will loudly object to the likely $ 30 / month additional cost .
Verizon will almost certainly charge the same rate , and is likely to limit it to 5 GB per month and specify terms that prohibit many common uses such as streaming video , streaming audio , and VoIP , just like all of their current data and tethering plans .
There would almost definitely be a Verizon Wireless logo somewhere on the iPhone ’s case , probably on both the front and back .
There may be separate Verizon music , video , and app store icons that you ca n’t delete .
A built - in feature may be disabled at Verizon ’s request because they want to sell you their own version for an additional monthly fee .
Verizon may want a cut of any iTunes or App Store revenue from on - device purchases , the cost of which Apple would probably happily pass along to either users or developers .
( My guess : Developers . )
This is Verizon we ’re talking about .
They might “ save ” us from some of AT&T ’s problems , but they ’ll bring their own .
It ’s easy to think that the grass is always greener away from AT&T , but keep in mind that these are cellular carriers : massive oligopolists that do n’t give a shit about us .
Their phones are ARPU vending machines , first and foremost , not communication tools .
Cellular carriers are only a small step above cable and phone companies in the contempt and disregard they show for their customers .
AT&T and Verizon are much more similar than not .
Soon another technology that in the past years dominated the always - changing universe of computer hardware will bite the dust .
That ’s the decision by Intel , the merciless executioner of standards which the company itself imposes on the market and that in the upcoming months will rule the end of official support for the PCI bus .
Developed by the Californian chipmaker in 1993 , the PCI Local Bus standard has been implemented on all the motherboards for x86 and compatible platforms until 2004 , the year when it passed on the baton to the younger and faster PCI Express technology .
As already happened in 2006 with the communication standard for storage subsystems EIDE–Parallel ATA , the new chipsets for motherboards based on the Sandy Bridge microarchitecture – that Intel will introduce in the last part of 2010 – wo n’t have support for the old PCI bus also known as “ Conventional PCI ” , implementing all the communications between peripherals and subsystems inside the chipset via the PCI Express bus .
The parallel PCI standard is too old and too slow compared to the bandwidth offered by the various PCIe versions , so Intel decided to get rid of yet another bottleneck restraining the PC hardware evolution .
Intel PCI - free chipsets expected to be unveiled are H67 , P67 e H61 , they will implement the new LGA1155 CPU socket ( which would be a pin less than the current LGA1156 ) , will support 8 independent PCIe 2.0 lanes , Serial ATA connections at 6 Gigabits and 14 USB 2.0 ports .
Just to be clear , these chipset are targeted at the consumer market while the new chipsets designed for the enterprise market ( Q67 , Q65 e B65 ) will continue to support the PCI bus .
Intel ’s choice may seem drastic , yet it is justified by the fact that to this date , after 17 years since the technology appeared on the market , most of the expansion cards on sale snubs PCIe and is designed to be housed in a PCI slot .
Not that Intel alone , insofar as its monopolistic position on technology and x86( - 64 ) PC hardware may be , can rule the definitive death of a standard so used and widespread in every kind of market : old technologies , the floppy disks recent example proves it , tend to survive within the wrinkles of the market until there is someone using or asking for them .
Technology evolution did n’t kill Floppy Disk Drives or Parallel - ATA yet and surely it wo n’t make PCI bus and peripherals disappear so easily .
It ’s similarly predictable that motherboards manufacturers , to remedy to Intel death decree on PCI , will do exactly what they are continuing to do nowadays to support the aforementioned FDDs and PATA ie they will pack additional chips and electronic logics next to the ones included in the Intel designs .
The default circuitry will deal with the latest peripherals and subsystems , while the custom components will continue to pump electric power into the aged PCI cards .
Similar posts :
Ever since Twitter ’s public appearance at SXSW in March 2007 numbers have been dragged left and right and Twitter has always been compared to the Facebook numbers .
There never seems to be an end to the numbers coming from Twitter : members , traffic or Tweets per Second ( TPS ) .
Here at The Blog Herald we wondered How did Twitter grow that much ?
and Where do those Tweets come from ?
The results are rather surprising and we learned that the top three tweeting cities in the US ( Los Angeles , New York and San Francisco ) averagely tweet less in one minute than when basketball fans and football / soccer fans go crazy and start updating the world in 140 characters maximum .
Click the graphic for larger view .
Author : Franky Branckaute Franky is CEO , Editor and 21/7 Muppet on Duty at Splashpress Media .
Occasionally he even sleeps .
More sporadically even he also blogs about the professional online life at iFranky .
He also is regular Guest Lecturer on all things blogging and ‘ web 2.0 ’ish ’ .
Follow him on Twitter .
Twitter
Instruments for Natural Philosophy Thomas B. Greenslade , Jr.
Professor Emeritus of Physics
Kenyon College , Gambier , Ohio 43022
GREENSLADE@KENYON.EDU
In February 1975 , Deborah Jean Warner , a Curator of Physical Science at the National Museum of American History , called me to ask if Kenyon had any historical physics teaching apparatus .
I looked around my office , and reeled off the names of four or five good pieces of apparatus that I was using in my lectures .
The next month I was at the Smithsonian , exploring the collection and photographing some of it in black and white and in color .
Since then , I have visited and photographed nearly seventy collections of early physics apparatus .
This web site displays pictures of about 1850 pieces of apparatus , along with text and references .
Physics apparatus often goes by various names .
The interrupter , the electrotome and the repeater are all the same instrument .
Some apparatus has a person 's name attached to it : Matteucci 's apparatus or Wheatstone 's bridge .
Other apparatus is n't used any more : Packard 's apparatus or the piezeometer .
Clicking on the categories at the right will lead to home pages for each category , which will then lead you to individual instruments .
The screen is set for 800x600 pixels .
Other settings will cause misalignments of some elements .
The contrast and brightness of the computer monitor may need to be increased to view the pictures to the greatest advantage .
I would appreciate your mail informing me of errors on these pages .
Checking for our Prerequisites :
The latest release of the datastore bulkloader greatly simplifies import and export of data from App Engine applications for developers .
We ’ll go through a step by step example for using this tool with a Java application .
Note that only setting up Remote API is Java specific – everything can be used with Python applications .
Unlike certain phone companies , this is one store that does n’t care what language your application is written in .
If you already have Python 2.5.x and the Python SDK installed , skip this section .
First off , we ’ll need to download the Python SDK .
This example assumes we have Python version 2.5.x installed .
If you ’re not sure what version you have installed , open up a terminal and type “ python ” .
This opens up a Python REPL , with the first line displaying the version of Python you ’re using .
Here ’s example output :
Python 2.5.1 ( r251:54869 , Apr 18 2007 , 22:08:04 ) [ GCC 4.0.1 ( Apple Computer , Inc. build 5367 ) ] on darwin Type " help " , " copyright " , " credits " or " license " for more information . >>>
( Yes , Pythonistas , the version on my laptop is ooooooooold ) .
Download the Python SDK from the following link .
As of the writing of this post , the newest version is 1.3.4 : Direct link .
Unzip this file .
It ’ll be easier for you if you place this in your path .
Linux and OS X users will append this in their ~/.bash_profile :
PATH= " / path/to/where/you/unzipped/appengine:${PATH} " export PATH
To test that everything is working , type
appcfg.py
You ’ll see a page of usage commands that starts out like this :
Usage : appcfg.py [ options ] < action >
Action must be one of : create_bulkloader_config : Create a bulkloader .
yaml from a running application .
cron_info : Display information about cron jobs .
download_data : Download entities from datastore .
help : Print help for a specific action .
request_logs : Write request logs in Apache common log format .
rollback : Rollback an in - progress update .
update : Create or update an app version .
update_cron : Update application cron definitions .
update_dos : Update application dos definitions .
update_indexes : Update application indexes .
update_queues : Update application task queue definitions .
upload_data : Upload data records to datastore .
vacuum_indexes : Delete unused indexes from application .
Use ' help < action > ' for a detailed description .
…. ( and so forth )
Now we can go ahead and start using the bulkloader .
Using the bulkloader for Java applications
Before we can begin using the bulkloader , we ’ll have to set it up first .
Setting up the bulkloader is a three step process .
We ’ll need to :
1. Add RemoteApi to mapping
2. Generate a bulkloader configuration
Step 1 : Add RemoteApi to our URI mapping
We ’ll want to edit our web.xml .
Add the following lines :
< servlet > < servlet-name > RemoteApi</servlet-name > < servlet-class>com.google.apphosting.utils.remoteapi.RemoteApiServlet</servlet-class > </ servlet > < servlet - mapping > < servlet-name > RemoteApi</servlet-name > < url - pattern>/remote_api</url-pattern> </servlet - mapping >
A common pitful with setting up RemoteApi is that developers using frameworks will use a catch - all expression for mapping URIs , and this will stomp over our servlet - mapping .
Deploy this application into production .
We ’ll likely want to put an admin constraint on this .
Step 2 : Generate a bulkloader configuration
This step is n’t actually * required * , but it certainly makes our lives easier , especially if we are looking to export existing data .
In a brand new application , if we are looking to bootstrap our application with data , we do n’t need this step at all .
For completeness , however , it ’d be best to go over it .
We ’ll need to generate a configuration template .
This step depends on datastore statistics having been updated with the Entities we ’re looking to export .
Log in to appspot.com and click “ Datastore Statistics ” under Datastore in the right hand menu .
If we see something that looks like the following screenshot , we can use this tool .
If we see something that looks like the screenshow below , then we ca n’t autogenerate a configuration since this is a brand new application – that ’s okay , that means we probably do n’t have much data to export .
We ’ll have to wait for App Engine ’s background tasks to bulk update our statistics before we ’ll be able to complete this step .
Assuming that we have datastore statistics available , we can use appcfg.py in the following manner to generate a configuration file :
appcfg.py create_bulkloader_config --url=http://APPID.appspot.com/remote_api --application=APPID
--filename=config.yml
If the datastore is n’t ready , running this command will cause the following error :
[ ERROR ]
Unable to download kind stats for all - kinds download .
[ ERROR ]
Kind stats are generated periodically by the appserver [ ERROR ]
Kind stats are not available on dev_appserver .
I ’m using this on a Guestbook sample application I wrote for a codelab a while ago .
The only Entities are Greetings , which consists of a String username , a String comment and a timestamp .
This is what my config file looks like :
# Autogenerated bulkloader .
yaml file . #
You must edit this file before using it .
TODO : Remove this line when done .
#
At a minimum address the items marked with TODO : # * Fill in connector and connector_options # * Review the property_map .
# - Ensure the ' external_name ' matches the name of your CSV column , # XML tag , etc. # - Check that __key__ property is what you want .
Its value will become # the key name on import , and on export the value will be the Key # object .
If you would like automatic key generation on import and # omitting the key on export , you can remove the entire __key__ # property from the property map .
#
If you have module (s ) with your model classes , add them here .
Also # change the kind properties to model_class .
python_preamble : - import : base64 - import : re - import : google.appengine.ext.bulkload.transform
- import : google.appengine.ext.bulkload.bulkloader_wizard - import : google.appengine.api.datastore - import : google.appengine.api.users transformers : - kind : Greeting connector : connector_options : # TODO : Add connector options here -- these are specific to each connector .
property_map : - property : __key__ external_name : key import_transform : transform.key_id_or_name_as_string - property : content external_name : content # Type : String Stats : 7 properties of this type in this kind .
- property : date external_name : date # Type : Date / Time Stats : 7 properties of this type in this kind .
import_transform : transform.import_date_time('%Y-%m-%dT%H:%M:%S ' ) export_transform : transform.export_date_time('%Y-%m-%dT%H :%M:%S ' ) - property : name external_name : name # Type : String Stats : 7 properties of this type in this kind .
We care about the connector .
Replace that with the following :
- kind : Greeting connector : csv
We ’ve only filled in the “ connector ” option .
Now we have something we can use to dump data .
Examples of common usages of the bulkloader
Downloading data
We ’ve got what we need to dump data .
Let ’s go ahead and do that now .
Issue the following command :
appcfg.py download_data --config_file=config.yml --filename=data.csv --kind =Greeting --url=http://APPID.appspot.com/remote_api --application=APPID
We ’ll be asked to provide our email and password credentials .
Here ’s what my console output looks like :
Downloading data records .
[ INFO ]
Logging to bulkloader - log- 20100609 .162353 [ INFO ]
Throttling transfers : [ INFO ]
Bandwidth : 250000 bytes / second [ INFO ]
HTTP connections : 8/ second [ INFO ]
Entities inserted / fetched / modified : 20 / second [ INFO ] Batch Size : 10 [ INFO ]
Opening database : bulkloader - progress -20100609.162353.sql3 [ INFO ]
Opening database : bulkloader - results - 20100609.162353.sql3 [ INFO ]
Connecting to java.latest.bootcamp-demo.appspot.com/remote_api 2010-06-09 16:23:57,022 WARNING appengine_rpc.py:399 ssl module not found .
Without the ssl module , the identity of the remote host cannot be verified , and connections may NOT be secure .
To fix this , please install the ssl module from http://pypi.python.org/pypi/ssl .
To learn more , see http://code.google.com/appengine/kb/general.html#rpcssl .
Please enter login credentials for java.latest.bootcamp-demo.appspot.com
Email : YOUR EMAIL Password for YOUR_EMAIL : [ INFO ]
Downloading kinds : [ ' Greeting ' ] .
[ INFO ]
Greeting :
No descending index on __key__ , performing serial download .
[ INFO ]
Have 17 entities , 0 previously transferred [ INFO ] 17 entities ( 11304 bytes ) transferred in 10.5 seconds
There ’s now a CSV file named data.csv in my directory , as well as a bunch of autogenerated bulkloader -* files for resuming if the loader dies midway during the export .
My CSV file starts like this :
content , date , name , key
Hey it works !
,2010-05-18T22:35:17 , Ikai Lan ,
1
… ( More lines of CSV )
The first line is a labeling line – this line designates the order in which properties have been exported .
In our case , we ’ve exported content , date and name in addition to Entity keys .
Uploading Data
To upload the CSV file back into the datastore , we run the following command :
appcfg.py upload_data --config_file=config.yml --filename=data.csv --url=http://APPID.appspot.com/remote_api --application=APPID
--kind =Greeting
This ’ll use config.yml and create our entities in the remote datastore .
Adding a new field to datastore entities
One question that is frequently asked in the groups is , “ How do I migrate my schema ? ”
This question is generally poorly phrased ; App Engine ’s datastore is schemaless .
That is – it is possible to have Entities of the same Kind with completely different sets of properties .
Most of the time , this is a good thing .
MySQL , for instance , requires a table lock to do a schema update .
By being schema free , migrations can happen lazily , and application developers can check at runtime for whether a Property exists on a given Entity , then create or set the value as needed .
But there are times when this is n’t sufficient .
One use case is if we want to change a default value on Entities and grandfather older Entities to the new default value , but we also want the default value to possibly be null .
We can do tricks such as creating a new Property , setting an update timestamp , checking for whether the update timestamp is before or after when we made the code change and update conditionally , and so forth .
The problem with this approach is that it introduces a TON of complexity into our application , and if we have more than one of these “ migrations ” , suddenly we ’re writing more code to lazily grandfather data and confusing the non-Cylons that work on our team .
It ’s easier to migrate all the data .
So how we do this ?
Before the new application code goes live , we migrate the schema by adding the new field .
The best part about this is that we can do this without locking tables , so writes can continue .
Let ’s add a new String field to our Greeting class : homepageUrl .
Let ’s assume that we want to set a default to http://www.google.com.
How would we do this ?
Let ’s update our config.yml file to the following :
# Autogenerated bulkloader .
yaml file . #
You must edit this file before using it .
TODO : Remove this line when done .
#
At a minimum address the items marked with TODO : # * Fill in connector and connector_options # * Review the property_map .
# - Ensure the ' external_name ' matches the name of your CSV column , # XML tag , etc. # - Check that __key__ property is what you want .
Its value will become # the key name on import , and on export the value will be the Key # object .
If you would like automatic key generation on import and # omitting the key on export , you can remove the entire __key__ # property from the property map .
#
If you have module (s ) with your model classes , add them here .
Also # change the kind properties to model_class .
python_preamble : - import : base64 - import : re - import : google.appengine.ext.bulkload.transform
- import : google.appengine.ext.bulkload.bulkloader_wizard - import : google.appengine.api.datastore - import : google.appengine.api.users transformers : - kind : Greeting connector : csv connector_options : # TODO : Add connector options here -- these are specific to each connector .
property_map : - property : __key__ external_name : key import_transform : transform.key_id_or_name_as_string - property : content external_name : content # Type : String Stats : 7 properties of this type in this kind .
- property : homepageUrl external_name : homepageUrl - property : date external_name : date # Type : Date / Time Stats : 7 properties of this type in this kind .
import_transform : transform.import_date_time('%Y-%m-%dT%H:%M:%S ' ) export_transform : transform.export_date_time('%Y-%m-%dT%H :%M:%S ' ) - property : name external_name : name # Type : String Stats : 7 properties of this type in this kind .
Note that we ’ve added a new property with a new external_name .
By default , the loader will use a String .
Now let ’s add the field to our CSV file :
content , date , name , key , homepageUrl
Hey it works !
,2010-05-18T22:35:17 , Ikai Lan ,1, http://www.google.com
... ( more lines )
We ’d likely write a script to augment our CSV file .
Note that this only works if we have named keys !
If we had integer keys before , we ’ll end up creating duplicate entities using key names and not integer IDs .
Now we run the bulkloader to upload our entities :
appcfg.py upload_data --config_file=config.yml --filename=data.csv --url=http://APPID.appspot.com/remote_api --application=APPID
--kind =Greeting
Once our loader has finished running , we ’ll see the new fields on our existing entities .
WARNING : There is a potential race condition here : if an Entity gets updated by our bulkloader in this fashion right as user facing code reads and updates the Entity without the new field , that will leave us with Entities that were grandfathered incorrectly .
Fortunately , after we migrate , we can do a query for these Entities and manually update them .
It ’s slightly annoying , but far less painful than making bulkloader updates transactional .
Bootstrapping the datastore with default Entities
So we ’ve covered the use case of using a generated config .
yml file to update or load entities into the datastore , but what we have n’t yet covered is bootstrapping a completely new Entity Kind with never before seen data into the datastore .
Let ’s add a new Entity Kind , Employee , to our datastore .
We ’ll preload this data :
name , title Ikai Lan , Developer Programs Engineer Patrick Chanezon , Developer Advocate Wesley Chun , Developer Programs Engineer Nick Johnson , Developer Programs Engineer Jason Cooper , Developer Programs Engineer Christian Schalk , Developer Advocate Fred Sauer , Developer Advocate
Note that we did n’t add a key .
In this case , we do n’t care , so it simplifies our config files .
Now let ’s take a look at the config .
yml we need to use :
python_preamble : - import : base64 - import : re - import : google.appengine.ext.bulkload.transform
- import : google.appengine.ext.bulkload.bulkloader_wizard - import : google.appengine.api.datastore - import : google.appengine.api.users transformers : - kind : Employee connector : csv property_map : - property : name external_name : name - property : title external_name : title
Now let ’s go ahead and upload these entities :
$ appcfg.py upload_data --config_file=new_entity.yml --filename=new_entity.csv --url=http://APPID.appspot.com/remote_api --kind=Employee
Uploading data records .
[ INFO ]
Logging to bulkloader - log- 20100610 .151326 [ INFO ]
Throttling transfers : [ INFO ]
Bandwidth : 250000 bytes / second [ INFO ]
HTTP connections : 8/ second [ INFO ]
Entities inserted / fetched / modified : 20 / second [ INFO ] Batch Size : 10 [ INFO ]
Opening database : bulkloader - progress -20100610.151326.sql3 [ INFO ]
Connecting to APPID.appspot.com/remote_api 2010-06-10 15:13:27,334 WARNING appengine_rpc.py:399 ssl module not found .
Without the ssl module , the identity of the remote host cannot be verified , and connections may NOT be secure .
To fix this , please install the ssl module from http://pypi.python.org/pypi/ssl .
To learn more , see http://code.google.com/appengine/kb/general.html#rpcssl .
Please enter login credentials for APPID.appspot.com Email : your.email@gmail.com
Password for your.email@gmail.com : [ INFO ]
Starting import ; maximum 10 entities per post .
[ INFO ] 7 entites total , 0 previously transferred [ INFO ] 7 entities ( 5394 bytes ) transferred in 8.6 seconds [ INFO ]
All entities successfully transferred
Boom !
We ’re done .
There are still a lot of bulkloader topics to discuss – related entities , entity groups , keys , and so forth .
Stay tuned .
If you are looking for a way to become a healthier person then you will want to start by adding healthier foods to your diet .
If you are a busy person , this may be a difficult thing for you to do .
You may be in the habit of eating on the go .
It 's also much easier to eat fast food while you are on your lunch break then it is to heat up something that you have brought with you from home .
However , you can add in those healthy foods with the use of a juicer .
Jack LaLanne 's Power Juicer allows you to make yourself a healthy juice which you can easily bring with you to work .
Watch the Jack LaLanne 's Power Juicer Commerical video
You can use this juicer to make yourself a specific type of juice , or you can throwing a variety of different fruits or vegetables and create yourself a one of a kind drink .
When you have a Jack LaLanne 's Power Juicer , you will have the convenience of being able to make juice ahead of time and having it ready to go for work the next day .
All you have to do is grab it out of your refrigerator and bring it with you .
The Jack LaLanne 's Power Juicer comes with a stainless steel blade , a lifetime warranty , an extra large chute , and built in safety features .
With this power juicer you will have everything that you can ask for in a juicer .
It is simple to use , easy to clean , and it gives you 30 % more juice than most other juicers .
This is the perfect thing for those that love to drink juice , as well as those that are trying to eat healthier .
If you are looking for an easy way to make your own fresh juice then you will want to consider the Jack LaLanne 's Power Juicer .
>> Click Here On the Best Price on Jack LaLanne 's Power Juicer
The problem
We are used to computer programs or models for computations that perform at time step , .
Suppose that time is drunk , so instead of running these steps in their correct order , we apply at time step , where is a random permutation which is substantially correlated with the identity permutation .
What then is our computational power ?
I suggested this problem in our rump session meeting of last thursday quantum computation seminar .
We have these sessions once every several months and usually they are very interesting .
What are the variables ?
The computation is applied to variables .
There are three variations to consider regarding the identity of these variables :
a ) bits
b ) qubits
c ) algebraic variables
What do we allow for a single step ?
Here also we have three possibilities .
A ) a single gate operating on a small number of variables .
B ) applying as many gates as we want on disjoint sets of variables .
C ) is a transformation where the value of each variable is a function of a bounded set of variables ( overlaps are ok ) .
By a “ gate ” we refer to the standard notion of gates : Boolean gates for bits for case a ) , unitary transformation on a small number of qubits for case b ) and algebraic gates for case c ) .
( I dont know of an appropriate way to define option C for the quantum case . )
What is the precise stochastic model ?
Write , where is a normally distributed random variable with standard deviation , and define based on the ordering of the s .
What happens if we consider fully random time evolution , or even adversarial time evolution ?
We can ask for the computation power if we talk about completely random permutations .
We can also let an adversary choose the permutation .
We can also ask , how well can we do if we want to compute something when all the ‘s are the same ?
Several participants in the seminar commented that we can have universal classical computation when we run the same step every times .
( But this applies for variant C ) .
One argument raised by Elad Eban was based on known fact regarding cellular automata , and another argument raised by Or Sattath was based on a standard way to move from Turing machines to Boolean circuits .
I do not know if we can replace variant C by variant B in these arguments , or , if they apply to the quantum case .
What do I expect :
a) The classical case : I expect that classic computation prevails ( for A and B as well ) .
A rather vague suggestion is to take and simulate a classical computation by replacing every logical bit with a block of large number of physical bits , performing the computation on pairs of such blocks , and apply “ majority ” repeatedly within the blocks to guarantee that the physical bits indeed represent the logical bits .
b ) The quantum case : I do n’t know .
This may serve as a ( rather wild ) model where we cannot go beyond classical computation .
( Well , not quite see the update . )
_____
Update
Oded Regev showed me a very simple argument how drunken time allows the full power of quantum computation .
( Perhaps , the arguments by Elad , and Or can be extended to the quamtum case , and maybe the paper quoted in the remarks show it as well , but Oded ’s argument is quite clear )
Here it is :
“ Let ’s have a clock register storing the clock in unary encoding .
The unitary transformation corresponding to a gate at time t is the following :
* If the clock is at time t , advance it to t+1 and apply the gate
* If the clock is at time t+1 , decrease it to t and apply the reverse of the gate
* Otherwise do nothing
Notice that you only need to consider three bits of the clock register ( in addition to the two bits of the gate ) to do this .
Now duplicate each unitary a sufficiently large number of times .
I think what happens is that you get some kind of random walk on the clock register .
Most steps do nothing , but with probability 1 / T you advance forward , and with probability 1 / T you go backwards .
Therefore after about T * T^2=T^3 steps you expect the walk to reach time T , at which point you can simply read off the answer .
By padding the circuit with identity gates you can increase the probability of measuring the final state of the circuit as much as you wish ( so you need not worry about the final state being mixed ) . ”
Further thoughts : Just a constant overhead ?
An interesting question is :
Is there a linear time algorithm to simulate a an algorithm with T steps on a drunken time machine .
This can be relevant for continuous time analogs where we can expect the drunken time effect at all time scales and a superlinear algorithm may blow up .
______
c) Algebraic variables .
I do n’t know .
Continuous - time analog ?
We described a discrete - time model and it would be interesting to consider continuous time analogs of such drunken time evolution .
I do not know if stochastic perturbations based on “ stochastic time - flow ” of deterministic evolutions ( e.g. , those described by differential equations ) are equivalent to standard stochastic perturbations .
Is time really drunk ?
Various “ crazy ” models regarding time were considered by physicists , mathematicians , and philosophers , and computer scientists for their own sake and also in connection to various models of computations .
Itamar Pitowsky showed how undecidable problems can be solved in finite time in certain hypothetical time / space structures .
Dave Bacon studied quantum computation with quantum data that can traverse closed time - like curves and Aaronson and Watrous showed that closed time - like curves make quantum and classical computing equivalent ( both allowing PSPACE computation ) .
An example I learned from Moshe Vardi is modeling time as a tree that was proposed by Kripke following the introduction of temporal logic by Prior , and these ideas are playing a crucial role in the highly industrial area of automated verification .
( Remarks with more examples are most welcome . )
( Of course , closed time appeared earlier
I would expect that models with “ stochastic time flow ” have been considered in the physics and mathematics literature , so I ’d be happy to have some pointers .
Because of the Law of Large Numbers , small - scale stochastic processes look completely deterministic in larger scales .
So if time is drunk in some scales we may not notice it in larger scales .
( However , if time is really drunk , I would not expect the amount of drunkeness to be constant but rather to express some measure of non-classical behavior of the dynamics . )
Thinking of time as drunk may be lead ( or perhaps has already led ) to a mathematically useful device .
Devastated Andriej Ivanov , 26 , wanted to end it all when his fiancee died in a car crash the day before their wedding by jumping from the bridge in Ufa , central Russia .
But when he got there he found tragic Maria Petrova , 21 , climbing the railings after being thrown out by her parents for falling pregnant .
He said : " Something in my heart snapped and I could n't let her do it no matter how broken my own heart was .
" I shouted , ' Stop ' and ran over to her .
She fell into my arms sobbing and I began crying too .
We held each other and talked , and talked and talked .
That night saved my life - and hers . "
According to the Austrian Times , the couple talked into the night and agreed to help each other mend their broken hearts .
Now they plan to get married after telling their families of their amazing escapes from death .
The Supreme Court today issued its decision ( pdf ) in City of Ontario v. Quon , addressing the question of whether a city government 's search of transcripts of a public employee 's text messaging over a city - issued pager violated the Fourth Amendment .
EFF had filed an amicus brief ( pdf ) in the case urging the Court to avoid making any broad pronouncements on whether and how the Fourth Amendment protects the privacy of communications such as texts that are stored by third party communications providers , and instead to limit its decision to the privacy rights of public employees .
Today the Court did exactly that , while also dropping some hopeful hints about how it would address those broader privacy questions .
Instead of finding no Fourth Amendment privacy protection in text messages , the Court instead assumed without deciding that there was a Fourth Amendment expectation of privacy in the text messages , but that the City 's search of the text messages was reasonable under the Fourth Amendment because it was work - related .
In doing so , the Court applied but did not expand its previous rulings on the limits of privacy in government workplaces .
Meanwhile , in explaining why it cautiously chose not to answer the expectation of privacy question , the Court — in addition to citing EFF 's brief — seemed to preview how it would eventually address the question of whether we have a Fourth Amendment interest in the text messages stored by our cell phone and pager providers , and , by extension , in emails stored by our email providers , IMs stored by our instant messaging providers , and voicemails stored by our phone providers .
Rather than automatically concluding that communications stored with third party providers are entitled to no Fourth Amendment protection at all — the rule that the Department of Justice has urged in email privacy cases such as Warshak v. U.S. — the Court made clear it would instead cautiously make such decisions based on society 's privacy expectations and its level of reliance on new communications technologies :
The Court must proceed with care when considering the whole concept of privacy expectations in communications made on electronic equipment owned by a government employer .
The judiciary risks error by elaborating too fully on the Fourth Amendment implications of emerging technology before its role in society has become clear .
See , e.g. , Olmstead v. United States , 277 U. S. 438 ( 1928 ) [ finding that warrantless telephone wiretapping did not violate Fourth Amendment ] , overruled by Katz v. United States , 389 U. S. 347 , 353 ( 1967 ) .
In Katz , the Court relied on its own knowledge and experience to conclude that there is a reasonable expectation of privacy in a telephone booth .
See id. , at 360 –361 ( Harlan , J. , concurring ) .
It is not so clear that courts at present are on so sure a ground .
Prudence counsels caution before the facts in the instant case are used to establish far - reaching premises that define the existence , and extent , of privacy expectations enjoyed by employees when using employer - provided communication devices .
Rapid changes in the dynamics of communication and information transmission are evident not just in the technology itself but in what society accepts as proper behavior .
As one amici brief notes , many employers expect or at least tolerate personal use of such equipment by employees because it often increases worker efficiency .
See Brief for Electronic Frontier Foundation et al. 16–20 .
Another amicus points out that the law is beginning to respond to
these developments , as some States have recently passed statutes requiring employers to notify employees when monitoring their electronic communications .
See Brief for New York Intellectual Property Law Association 22 ( citing Del. Code Ann. , Tit. 19 , §705 ( 2005 ) ; Conn. Gen. Stat. Ann. § 31–48d ( West 2003 ) ) .
At present , it is uncertain how workplace norms , and the law ’s treatment of them , will evolve .
... [ T ]he Court would have difficulty predicting how employees ’ privacy expectations will be shaped by those changes or the degree to which society will be prepared to recognize those expectations as reasonable .
See 480 U. S. , at 715 .
Cell phone and text message communications are so pervasive that some persons may consider them to be essential means or necessary instruments for self - expression , even self identification .
That might strengthen the case for an expectation of privacy .
On the other hand , the ubiquity of those devices has made them generally affordable , so one could counter that employees who need cell phones or similar devices for personal matters can purchase and pay for their own .
And employer policies concerning communications will of course shape the reasonable expectations of their employees , especially to the extent that such policies are clearly communicated .
A broad holding concerning employees ’ privacy expectations vis -à - vis employer - provided technological equipment might have implications for future cases that can not be predicted .
It is preferable to dispose of this case on narrower grounds .
For present purposes we assume several propositions arguendo : First , Quon had a reasonable expectation of privacy in the text messages sent on the pager provided to him by the City ; second , petitioners ' review of the transcript constituted a search within the meaning of the Fourth Amendment ; and third , the principles applicable to a government employer ’s search of an employee ’s physical office apply with at least the same force when the employer intrudes on the employee ’s privacy in the electronic sphere .
All in all , it looks like the Supreme Court is treading very carefully when it comes to such 21st century electronic privacy questions , which is ultimately a good thing .
However , the Court 's reticence to decide what level of privacy we have in our electronic communications is yet another reason why it's high time that Congress stepped in to update and strengthen telephone and internet privacy laws to reflect new technology , as EFF has been advocating as part of the Digital Due Process coalition .
Today 's decision highlights how communications providers and the government need clear rules for the road when it comes to the privacy of new communications technologies , and we hope today 's decision will speed Congress ' consideration of the DDP coalition 's reform proposals .
Sometimes the cars accelerate on their own .
Sometimes they stop dead .
Drivers of the hybrid Prius have discovered they can be an unexpected adventure .
Elizabeth James says her Prius surged out of control near Lawson , Colorado , sending her plunging into a river .
Bobette Riner publishes an electricity index used to promote renewable energy , and she bought a brand - new Prius last year to shoot the bird at the oil companies .
“ I felt so smug for a while , ” she says .
“ Especially being in Houston . ”
She had been lucky to score the car from a dealership on Houston ’s south side , because for nearly a year there had been a three - month wait to get a Prius .
The dealership could n’t even keep a model for the showroom .
The car had a “ cute little body ” that Riner loved , and she reveled in driving like a “ nerdy Prius owner , ” watching the energy - usage display on the car ’s center console , trying to drain every possible mile from a gallon of gasoline .
When she hit 2,000 miles , she could count her trips to a gas station on one hand .
On a rainy night last fall , a couple of months after Riner bought her Prius , she was driving toward the Houston Galleria for a sales meeting .
She hated driving in the rain because a car wreck in college catapulted her through the windshield , and doctors almost had to amputate her leg .
Traffic near the mall was congested but moving , and Riner kept the Prius pegged at 60 mph , constantly looking at the console to manage her fuel consumption .
Suddenly she felt the car hydroplaning out of control , and when she glanced at the speedometer she realized the car had shot up to 84 mph .
Riner was n’t hydroplaning ; quite simply , her Prius had accelerated on its own .
She pushed on the brakes but they were dead .
Then just as suddenly as the car had taken off , it shut down .
The console lit up with warning lights , leaving Riner fighting a stiff steering wheel as she coasted across four lanes of traffic and down an exit ramp .
The car stopped near a PetSmart parking lot , and Riner sat in disbelief , listening to fat raindrops pelt the Prius , wondering if her new car had actually gone crazy .
The Prius is one of the great success stories of the past decade , becoming the one car synonymous with “ hybrid ” and helping Toyota drill into a skeptical American auto market while the Big Three failed and failed again to produce efficient vehicles .
But from day one , it has come in for criticism as well .
Early reports claimed that the manufacturing is so complex and uses so much energy that the Prius stomps out a troublingly deep carbon footprint .
Now another side of the Prius has orbited into view , as owners share horror stories on blogs and message boards about crashing their cars through forests , garage doors , and gas stations .
Take Lupe Egusquiza from Tustin , California .
She was waiting in a line of cars in September 2007 to pick up her daughter from school when her Prius suddenly took off and crashed into the school ’s brick wall .
Egusquiza reported $ 14,000 worth of damage to her car .
Or Stacey Josefowicz in Anthem , Arizona , who bought her new Prius in May 2007 .
A couple of months later , driving down a four - lane highway toward a stoplight , she stepped on the brakes but nothing happened .
She freaked , then weaved into a turning lane , coasting to a Target parking lot with the brake pedal jammed to the floor .
A Toyota technician told her she ran out of gas , but she objected that that was n’t true ; there was fuel in the car .
Still , he returned her Prius to her with no repairs .
A month later , she sped through a stop sign when the brakes went out again .
“ I think they thought , ‘ She ’s a woman driver , she obviously let the car run out of gas , ' ” Josefowicz says .
“ Thank God I did n’t get killed or cause an accident ; it would have been on their head . ”
Or Herbert Kuehn from Battle Creek , Michigan .
In October 2005 , his Prius sped out of control on a highway before he “ labored ” the car to a stop on the gravel shoulder of the road .
He was so scared of his Prius that he stopped driving it , but “ under good conscience did not feel that I could sell it . ”
Jaded Prius owners say there ’s no resolution with Toyota — through their hometown dealer or corporate arbitration — and the company has n’t lost or settled a single lawsuit concerning “ unintended acceleration . ”
The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration has two Prius investigations in its database from 2004 and 2005 , but those involved the car ’s cooling system .
During a recall of floor mats used in other Toyota models , Prius owners were simply cautioned to make sure their floor mats were properly installed .
[ NOTE :
This paragraph has been corrected since the story was first posted .
The story originally said that Toyota had recalled faulty floor mats in the Prius . ]
Another explanation from Toyota is simple driver error .
“ You get these customers that say , ‘ I stood on the brake with all my might and the car just kept on accelerating . ’
They ’re not stepping on the brake , ” says Toyota corporate spokesman Bill Kwong .
“ People are so under stress right now , people have so much on their minds .
With pagers and cell phones and IM , people are just so busy with kids and family and boyfriends and girlfriends .
So you ’re driving along and the next thing you know you ’re two miles down the road and you do n’t remember driving , because you ’re thinking about something else . ”
Most owners , like Riner , deny they were mistaken about where the brake pedal is .
At the same time , most are n’t looking to sue ; they say they just want an explanation and a fair deal .
As Ted James from Eagle , Colorado , puts it ( his Prius ended up in a river ) , “ We ’re not the kind of people to go through a lawsuit , and it ’s not in our nature .
Our concern was that no one else got hurt , that Toyota own up to its problem . ”
From 2000 , when the Prius was introduced in the U.S. , through last year , about 1.3 million hybrids sold in the country , according to numbers from the U.S. Department of Energy ; Priuses accounted for more than half those sales .
But if things had gone as planned , American carmakers could have been dominating the hybrid market .
In 1993 , the Clinton administration developed the Partnership for a New Generation of Vehicles , awarding federal funds to Chrysler , Ford , and General Motors and giving them access to federal research agencies .
The goal was to develop a car that got more than three times the gas mileage of full - sized vehicles already on the road .
Toyota was left out of the New Generation program , but it responded in 1994 by officially starting Project G21 , a program to develop an environmentally friendly car .
Three years later , the first Prius was released in Japan .
Chrysler , Ford , and GM still had n’t shown any New Generation prototypes by the end of the decade , but an unveiling was scheduled for January 2000 at Detroit ’s North American International Auto Show .
Heralded in newspaper accounts as a possible breakthrough , some of the designs certainly were radical , but , as it turns out , actually were just for dreamers .
Each company rolled out a New Generation car , but after the show the prototypes disappeared from public view .
The federal government had already fed more than $ 1 billion to the three automakers — at a time when the American manufacturers were still highly profitable — with few results .
The New Generation program was a failure at best ; Ralph Nader called it “ corporate welfare at its worst . ”
The project was killed by the Bush administration in 2002 .
Meanwhile , Toyota was priming the U.S. market for the Prius , led by David Hermance , now known as the Father of the American Prius .
Hermance , who lived in Gardena , California , worked as the top hybrid engineer at Toyota when the car was released in the U.S. in 2000 , and while he did n’t have a hand in designing the first - generation Prius — it was strictly Japanese engineering — he furiously promoted and explained the car ’s technology to the media and legislators .
In a 2004 interview with the Web site www.hybridcars.com, Hermance said his involvement with the Prius was an environmental mission for him , even if it was n’t for “ the mainstream marketing folks . ”
“ I ’m convinced that global warming is real , and that if we ’re not principally responsible , we ’re at least contributing to that , ” he told the interviewer .
“ I ’d like to leave the planet a little better than I found it . ”
The second - generation Prius , the model in production today , was directly engineered by Hermance , and he focused on making the car fun and peppy ; his designs and marketing are credited with breaking the car into the mainstream .
The new Prius was released in 2004 , winning the Motor Trend Car of the Year award and a heap of other accolades .
A year later , Toyota sold 100,000 Priuses for the first time , and sales more than doubled each of the first two years the second generation was built .
“ He was just a brilliant engineer and was really for the hybrid .
He educated a lot of people , ” Kwong says .
Hermance died in the fall of 2006 when he crashed his airplane into the Pacific Ocean .
Celebrities like Leonardo DiCaprio and Cameron Diaz drove the Prius from the beginning , but in 2003 Toyota hired a public - relations firm to “ bring Hollywood stars and Prius cars together [ at the Oscars ] , replacing the gas - guzzling stretch limo as the ride of choice for eco- aware celebrities , ” according to a Prius newsletter .
Diaz , Harrison Ford , Calista Flockhart , Susan Sarandon , and Tim Robbins arrived in chauffeured Priuses .
Celebrities drove other hybrids , too , but the Prius had the advantage of being ugly .
“ People were buying hybrids as a fashion statement .
What ’s the good of driving something you paid extra for , because you think you ’re saving the universe , and nobody knows it ? ” says Art Spinella , co-founder and president of CNW Marketing Research , headquartered in Bandon , Oregon .
“ One of the things we found with the Honda Accord hybrid — they stopped producing it — was that people complained because it was n’t visible enough . ”
In 2007 , The New York Times published data from a CNW report that said almost 60 percent of Prius owners bought the car because it “ makes a statement about me . ”
For its other hybrids , Toyota made the “ Hybrid Synergy Drive ” badges on the outside of the cars 25 percent bigger , hoping to cash in on the Prius effect .
“ The Prius is kind of a gimmicky car .
Toyota originally designed it for young geeks in Tokyo : gadget - crazy young guys , ” says Jim Hood , a writer who worked for the Associated Press for 15 years and covered the automotive industry for part of that time .
“ Then the crazy Americans fell for it . ”
Gas mileage is another big draw for the Prius , and “ hypermilers ” take that to the extreme .
Dan Bryant , a computer engineer in Houston , is a self - admitted Prian — a name fanatic Prius owners affectionately call themselves .
He ’s turned driving his car into a full - time hobby .
He installed aftermarket gauges and an engine kill - switch — ordered from Japan — that makes driving seem like playing a video game , Bryant says , with the goal of getting the most mileage from a tank of fuel .
He ’s constantly shifting the car into neutral , switching off the engine , and looking at his gauges to track things like pressure on the gas pedal and engine temperature , both of which affect gas mileage .
Bryant coasts into stops without brakes when he can .
He usually averages about 60 to 70 miles per gallon , but he got 91 out of his best tank and took a picture to prove it .
“ When you ’re only buying 40 gallons of gas [ a month ] , $ 2 a gallon or $ 5 a gallon is basically the difference between eating out a couple nights , ” Bryant says .
“ The biggest thing about it was that we did n’t really notice it . ”
Many auto reviewers have also raved about the Prius .
In 2008 , the car ranked second in overall quality in a survey by J.D. Power and Associates , and it won the IntelliChoice Best in Overall Value award in its class .
Pete Bednar , the fleet and communications manager for the city of Bellevue , says the Prius is “ one of the lowest - maintenance vehicles we have . ”
The city owns seven of the cars , and Bednar says they ’re a good fit for white - collar staff , though not as useful for building inspectors and others who need to haul a lot of gear and climb in and out of the vehicle all day .
( For them , the city has opted for the Ford Escape hybrid . )
“ I deal with fleet managers around the state , and we have not seen a lot of issues with Priuses , ” says Bednar .
“ They ’ve held up really well . ”
Several Seattle - area mechanics also described the car as “ great . ”
Ted James was a believer , not only in the Prius but also in Toyota .
About the time the Prius was released in America , James , a middle - school math teacher from Eagle , Colorado , received a $ 10,000 Toyota
Time grant , awarded to 35 math teachers around the country to develop inventive programs .
James used his money to buy equipment to monitor local water quality , and his students used math to analyze the data .
In 2002 , Toyota paid for James , along with the other Time winners , to travel to company headquarters in Torrance , California , and talk about their projects .
One day during a lunch break , Toyota executives introduced the group to the Prius .
Each teacher was outfitted with one of the hybrids for a day of driving around Torrance .
“ I thought they were the coolest thing ever , ” James says .
He and his wife Elizabeth , who teaches at an elementary school , bought their first Prius three years later .
“ I was very proud because we were the first teachers in the parking lot to be sporting a Prius , ” he says .
On August 10 , 2006 , Elizabeth was driving the car east on Interstate 70 toward Denver to catch an early - morning flight .
Near the small town of Lawson , she pressed the brakes to slow down , and when she let off the pedal , the Prius took off .
The car would n’t slow down “ no matter how hard I pressed on the brake , ” so Elizabeth used her left foot to slam down the emergency brake .
Nothing .
The brakes spewed blue smoke from the back of the car , and when Elizabeth glanced down , the speedometer read 90 mph and the Prius was rocketing toward a car in the slow lane .
Gripping the steering wheel with both hands , she whipped the car around along the shoulder of the interstate , exited the Lawson ramp , ran a stop sign , passed a couple of people walking in the road , and steered into a grassy field when the feeder cut to the left .
“ She said she felt like the pilot of a plane that was trying to crash - land , ” Ted says .
“ So she was looking for a place to crash the car , and that was one of the things that were really tough :
She thought she was going to die and had enough time to think about it . ”
The Prius sped through a wooded area , clipped a weather monitoring shed , flipped , and landed in a river .
Elizabeth survived the wreck , but her legs and back were banged up and she ’s still hobbled , despite a year of physical therapy .
Scar tissue on her intestines requires her to drink MiraLAX for the rest of her life to ease stomach pains .
After the crash , Ted enlisted the help of a childhood friend , attorney Kent Spangler ( who practiced family law at the time and now is a magistrate in Fort Collins , Colorado ) , to steer the Jameses through arbitration with Toyota .
They wanted Elizabeth ’s medical bills — about $ 15,000 — paid , and to have the smashed Prius examined for a cause of the wreck .
“ You ’d think Toyota would be interested in how their car functioned in that crash , ” Ted says .
“ My wife ’s brother and sister owned Priuses , and we were really worried that this could happen to someone else .
Toyota ’s whole reaction was really disconcerting .
It was like , deny everything . ”
Toyota ’s response was in fact minimal .
In a letter to Ted , the company blamed the problem on excessive brake wear , stating “ We are sure she believes that her vehicle accelerated on its own ; but our inspection of her vehicle did not reveal any evidence to support her allegations . ”
Bobette Riner ’s experience was n’t much better .
When her Prius died in front of the parking lot , she composed herself and started the car again because she desperately needed to make her sales meeting .
The Prius sputtered along for about a quarter - mile before shutting down again “ at a spot where people coming from the Galleria could n’t totally plow into me . ”
The Toyota dealership where she ’d bought the car sent a tow truck and the driver took Riner to her meeting .
“ I ended up being an hour and 20 minutes late , and only one guy stuck around , so I missed that opportunity , ” Riner says .
The next day she went to the dealership to find out what had happened with her car , and the technician told her , “ We know what ’s wrong with it ; you were out of gas . ”
Riner was shocked because she was certain her gas tank was n’t close to empty , and she was n’t concerned that the Prius had shut down ; it was the sudden jolt of speed that scared her .
“ That was more than being out of gas , ” Riner says .
“ How do you explain it suddenly being 84 mph ? ”
Stories from other Prius owners involving unintended acceleration are fairly common , and one of the first places to publish them was the Web site www.consumeraffairs.com, which each day collects about 400 complaints that are read by editors and stored in an online database .
“ One of the trends we started to see was that there were odd things going on with the Prius , not only with the acceleration but with loss of traction on slippery surfaces , ” says Hood , the former Associated Press writer who now owns the Web site .
“ The Prius was something a little different when it came out , so we paid a little more attention to it than if it was a brand - new pickup or something . ”
The site ’s automotive writer , Joe Benton , wrote about unintended acceleration for the first time in the summer of 2007 , telling the story of a woman in Everett whose Prius took off while she was on the freeway and would n’t slow down even as she repeatedly pumped the brakes .
Hood received hate mail from Prius owners when the negative story was posted .
“ They ’re zealots and religious about their cars , ” Hood says .
“ Quite honestly , we do n’t give a damn about anything .
If people want to drive those things , fine by us , but our job is to criticize and nitpick . ”
Then other horror stories rolled in .
One came from Richard Bacon , a Tacoma resident who wrote , “ This week our 2008 Prius tried to kill me twice . ”
First , Bacon ’s Prius died while he was driving up his snowy driveway , causing him to slide into oncoming traffic “ that just missed hitting me broadside . ”
Then , driving with his wife and merging into traffic at 45 mph , he crossed a patch of snow .
The Prius locked up , and Bacon lost control and skidded toward a 30 - foot drop down the side of the road .
“ Only a snowbank kept my wife and me from serious injury or death , ” he wrote .
Toyota sent out the caution about the Prius ’s floor mats about two months after the first story on Hood ’s Web site .
[ This sentence has been corrected since it was first posted .
See correction described above . ]
From a company press release : “ If properly secured , the All Weather Floor Mat will not interfere with the accelerator pedal .
Suggested opportunities to check are after filling the vehicle ’s tank with gasoline , after a carwash or interior cleaning , or before driving the vehicle .
Under no circumstances should more than one floor mat ever be used in the driver ’s seating position :
The retaining hooks are designed to accommodate only one floor mat at a time . ”
But floor mats do n’t explain why many of the Priuses took off , including the case of the Houston man who parked his Prius in his driveway but left the car running as he walked toward his house .
The Prius surged forward through his garage door , slamming into the back of his Nissan Altima .
“ It was a pretty rough accident , ” says Markus Drunk , a mechanic who worked on the Prius at Autohaus K&H in Houston .
“ He was lucky that the Altima was parked there , because his backyard is not too long , and the neighbors had a family gathering .
It would ’ve ran right into all those people , and he was a little shook up over the situation . ”
Then there ’s Kevin McGuire , who test - drove a Prius one afternoon last fall — a year after the safety notice — at Dorschel Toyota in Rochester , New York .
“ There was a wait list to buy one , but they happened to have one in the showroom for me to drive , ” he says .
“ The saleswoman was very knowledgeable on the vehicle , and I was impressed with the car .
Everything seemed to be in order . ”
The weather was crisp and sunny , and with the saleswoman along for the ride , McGuire drove the Prius away from the city to a hillside road without much traffic .
As he recalls the conversation :
“ What do you think ? ” the saleswoman asked .
“ I like this feel , ” McGuire said .
“ Well , go ahead and jump on it and see what you think about the acceleration . ”
McGuire stomped on the gas pedal and the Prius zipped forward , but when he took his foot off the accelerator , the car kept going faster .
He turned to the saleswoman .
“ This is all well and good , but there ’s one problem , ” McGuire told her .
“ What ? ! ”
“ It ’s not stopping . ”
“ What ? ”
“ Lookit , we ’re still going . ”
“ Take your foot off the accelerator , ” she told him .
“ I did ! ”
“ Pull over ! ”
McGuire hesitated to steer the car off the road , because he was slamming on the brake with all his weight and the Prius would n’t stop .
Smoke poured from the tires , and finally the car shut down and he pulled to the shoulder .
“ She was scared and I was scared , too .
We just sat there for a couple of minutes and caught our breath , and then she said , ‘ OK , start it up , ' ” McGuire says .
“ You could hear the engine rev up , and when I put it in drive — boom !
The car took off again . ”
This time the car died almost immediately and McGuire pulled over again .
After starting it a third time , all was OK , and he cautiously drove back to the dealership .
The saleswoman asked a technician to look at the Prius .
“ Oh , people put in too many floor mats , ” the technician said .
“ So the accelerator gets stuck . ”
McGuire responded , “ Wait , this is not my car , this is your car .
I have n’t done anything .
It ’s not me , there ’s something wrong with this car . ”
Our reporting found just one person currently in litigation with Toyota concerning unintended acceleration .
Art Robinson , the man involved in that 2007 crash , would n’t discuss the situation ( saying his lawyer has advised him not to ) , but a Toyota spokeswoman confirmed the lawsuit , declining to comment further .
Apparently , hours after Robinson purchased his used 2005 Prius in Tacoma , the car began to handle funny , and as he was driving back to the dealership , the car took off .
Robinson stomped on the brake and the emergency brake , but the car would n’t slow down .
He exited the freeway and shot through an intersection safely , but then lost control and drove through a convenience store .
Robinson escaped before the Prius and the building burst into flames .
“ It happened so fast I did n’t have time to be scared then , ” Robinson told KING5 News .
Despite Elizabeth James ’ injuries , the couple never pursued a lawsuit against Toyota , and even if they wanted to , the Colorado statute of limitations ran out last summer .
“ I ’m not out to get Toyota ; we owned three Toyota vehicles at one time , and we still have a 2000 Sienna and a 2006 Corolla that we ’ll drive until they die because they ’re good cars , ” Ted James says .
“ The fact that she could crash at 90 miles an hour , well , she ’ll say , ‘ First the Prius tried to kill me , and then it saved my life . ' ”
It does n’t take much of a pitch to sell a Prius , says Johnny “ J - Mac ” McFolling , a salesman at Houston ’s Mike Calvert Toyota .
McFolling would n’t drive a Prius , he says , because he ’s a big man and everyone in his family is big too , but he loved the car when they all sold at “ sticker price or higher . ”
“ You can tell a Prius owner , not by looking at them , but as soon as they start talking , ” McFolling says .
“ You do n’t have to sell a Prius ; they ’re already sold when someone comes through that door . ”
Those buyers have n’t been around much in the past six months , and McFolling says Prius sales have dropped 90 percent since lastsummer while Toyota truck sales have increased .
The dealership was selling 25 Priuses a month and could ’ve moved more if Toyota had delivered them , but those days are gone .
Mike Calvert sold Riner her Prius , but after the technician told her the car took off because she was low on gas , she wanted nothing to do with it .
The dealer offered about $ 12,000 less than what she ’d paid for the car , explaining he could n’t sell a Prius to save his life .
“ He said , ‘ The market is soft for Priuses because of gas prices , ' ” Riner says .
The other owners of runaway Priuses have fared differently :
After his wild test drive , McGuire walked away from the Prius but was determined to buy Toyota .
He got a Camry that rattles more than any American car he ’s owned , and he says he wo n’t buy Toyota again .
The Jameses kept their mangled Prius for as long as possible , hoping Toyota would take it to a laboratory for examination , but when their insurance company pressured them , they let it go .
Ted James bought a new Volkswagen Jetta six - speed , so if it goes wild , “ all you have to do is push in the clutch . ”
The Prius that Riner bought brand - new sat in her garage for a while because she hoped Toyota would change its mind about its offer .
She just recently set an arbitration date with the company , and given the option of meeting at a dealership or fighting the case through the mail , she chose not to meet .
Unless she eats the $ 12,000 , she ’s stuck with a car she ’s afraid to drive .
paul.knight@houstonpress.com
Pakistan lifted the Facebook ban on Monday after Facebook officials apologized for offensive content and blocked access to it — at least for those who try to access the offending content from Pakistan .
Two weeks ago , a Pakistani court had ordered the authorities to block Facebook because of a contest that called for caricatures of the Prophet Muhammad .
" The government has assured the court on behalf of the website that the blasphemous material would not be seen in Pakistan , " lawyer Azhar Siddique told Reuters .
Siddique is a representative of the Islamic Lawyers Forum , a group whose petition called for the Facebook ban .
It seems that Facebook did n't completely remove the groups deemed offensive to Muslims , instead blocking access to them from Pakistan and , possibly , other Islamic countries .
The same Facebook search we conducted when the ban was first imposed still yields two groups which feature several caricatures of the Islamic Prophet .
Recently , Bangladesh also blocked Facebook over satirical images deemed offensive to Muslims .
Oh my god !
Kim Jong
Il has just announced that he 's buying XO - 1.5 laptops for every child in North Korea from OLPC .
Apparently the Dear Leader was impressed by Nicholas Negroponte when they met at Davos World Forum .
Negroponte showed Kim Jong
Il how to play " I'm So Lonely " on Tam Tam and they karaoked until Kim Jong Il agreed to go One Laptop Per North Korean Child with the new XO hardware .
Negroponte was quoted as saying :
" I started OLPC to create educational opportunities for the world 's poorest children .
And I cannot think of children more in need of an XO - these children of North Korea .
Now they are going to learn learning , they will be empowered by ICT ! "
There 's no word on just how many XO 's that North Korea will buy , in fact some experts are speculating that North Korea will intentionality overbuy XO 's just to confuse those who might use the number to estimate its population .
And there is even less information on how North Korea will pay for the XO's .
However , Negroponte seems optimistic , saying that his brother has assured him that North Korea can pay in cash or depleted uranium .
Either way , congrats to OLPC !
This sale to North Korea is an amazing boost for OLPC 's fading prominence and Negroponte is rightly proud .
He says :
" Thanks to the Dear Lear 's foresight and benevolence , we 're able to invest in the XO - 4 - a revolutionary laptop design made from extruded dihydrogen monoxide "
Little Charlie Brown is a rambunctious pup who loves to run , talk , and sleep !
He plays for hours and hours with is Lab mix brother , Luke .
You 'll never believe he came from the back of a truck in a shopping mall parking lot , will you ?
But he did , and he 's making our home more fun by the hour !
Update :
An updated version of this article is now online .
Stunning the television world , the CNN host Larry King announced Tuesday evening that he would end his talk show , “ Larry King Live , ” this fall .
The CNN / U.S. president Jonathan Klein said in an e-mail message to the staff that Mr. King , 76 , who has been beset by falling ratings , was ending the show “ on his own terms . ”
Mr. King wrote in a blog post on CNN.com , “ I talked to the guys here at CNN and I told them I would like to end Larry King Live , the nightly show , this fall and CNN has graciously accepted , giving me more time for my wife and I to get to the kids ’ little league games . ”
Mr. King said he would remain at CNN in a limited capacity , hosting several special “ Larry King Live ” shows each year .
“ I ’m incredibly proud that we recently made the Guinness Book of World Records for having the longest running show with the same host in the same time slot , ” Mr. King wrote .
“ With this chapter closing I ’m looking forward to the future and what my next chapter will bring , but for now it ’s time to hang up my nightly suspenders . ”
Mr. King ’s contract was set to expire in June 2011 .
In his e-mail message to staffers , Mr. Klein said Mr. King had “ decided to take a step back from the nightly grind . ”
“ He is not leaving CNN , ” Mr. Klein continued .
“ Larry is a beloved member of the CNN family and he will continue to contribute to our air with periodic specials . ”
Mr. Klein said the network would “ celebrate tenure in proper fashion over the coming months , ” without giving specifics .
CNN did not immediately name a successor to Mr. King and his vaunted 9 p.m. time slot .
Mr. King has said in the past that his first choice for a successor is the entertainer Ryan Seacrest .
The New York Times reported last month that there was a growing feeling at the company that a succession plan should be put in place , but there is no evidence that CNN is actually preparing such a plan .
“ They have this iconic personality who is going to disappear in the not - too - distant future , and they do n’t have any clue what they ’re going to do , ” one senior employee said last month , speaking on the condition of anonymity because he did not have permission from the channel to speak publicly .
Mr. King , a legend in the television business , was a radio host before he made his debut on CNN in 1985 .
Ever since , his show has served up a mixture of A - list interviews , celebrity chit-chats and debates .
In 1993 , when Mr. King paired Al Gore and Ross Perot for a debate about Nafta , he set a cable news ratings record that still has n’t been topped to this day , 16.3 million viewers .
But in recent years “ Larry King Live ” has lost a sizable amount of its audience , mirroring CNN as a whole , which has struggled to figure out how to compete in a sharply partisan cable news environment .
In the second quarter of 2010 , Mr. King ’s show averaged 674,000 viewers , its lowest ratings ever , according to ratings from The Nielsen Company .
In the 25 - to 54 - year - old demographic , it averaged 176,000 , well behind the most popular cable news show at 9 p.m. , “ Hannity ” on Fox News , and the runner - up , “ The Rachel Maddow Show ” on MSNBC .
Three hundred travelers started the summer with an airplane nightmare they will not soon forget .
Hundreds of Newark - bound passengers sat for four hours on a tarmac in a stifling cabin after bad weather diverted their flight from London in Connecticut and union regulations grounded it there .
To make matters worse , passengers said , the plane 's generators shut down for the second time , leaving them with no air conditioning and sweltering temperatures that reached 100 degrees .
Some people on the inauspicious Virgin Atlantic flight fainted from the heat , said Andrew Porwancher , of Princeton , N.J .
One passenger was taken to a hospital , but airline officials said there is no evidence to link this with the flight .
" It was like four hours on the ground without any air conditioning .
It was crazy .
Just crazy , '' passenger Beth Willan told CNN .
" There were babies on the plane .
And we are in dark and hot .
You try to be patient but people were yelling and screaming . ''
Even before the flight left Heathrow Airport , there were problems .
The generators were not working , so neither was the air conditioning system , passengers said .
The flight was supposed to leave at 5:33 p.m. , London time .
Two hours later , with the plane fixed , the flight took off for Newark .
But problems arose again because of storms in the New York area on Tuesday night .
The airline needed to divert the plane .
With no option to land at JFK , it landed at Connecticut 's Bradley Airport , the company said .
When the plane , carrying 300 passengers and 14 crew , landed on the tarmac , the generators broke for the second time , passengers said .
With no fresh air coming in , temperatures reached a baking 100 degrees , they said .
For four hours , they sat on the plane , sweating , frustrated and tired .
During the ordeal , pilots exceeded their maximum flight time and the plane had to stay grounded so after all that , the passengers still could n't reach their Newark destination .
Passengers were eventually brought into a terminal , where they waited at least two more hours for their luggage and instructions on how they would eventually get to Newark .
Virgin Atlantic officials said Bradley Airport is not equipped to deal with international arrivals , so Virgin Atlantic had to wait for U.S. Immigration and Customs to arrive to process the passengers .
According to airport spokesman John Wallace , airport managers tried to find motel rooms for the stranded passengers but because of the golf tournament there was no room in the inn .
The flight was scheduled to reach Newark at 9:10 p.m. on Tuesday .
Nearly 12 hours later , at about 8:30 a.m.
Wednesday , passengers finally began boarding buses en route to Newark Airport .
Peter Blok , of Philadelphia , called the trip “ hell on wheels . ”
The airline apologized for the frustration and inconvenience the delays caused for the passengers .
“ The safety and welfare of our passengers and crew is of paramount importance , ” Virgin Atlantic said in a written statement .
" Virgin Atlantic would like to thank passengers for their patience and apologise for any inconvenience cause .
All passengers are now being transported to Newark by bus . "
" It was a situation that was beyond our control , '' Janine Doy , a Virgin spokeswoman in London , told the Associated Press .
" There were weather conditions .
...
Bradley had to get customs and immigration to the airport . ''
A new federal rule on flights stuck on runways went into effect in April and bans U.S. carriers from making passengers wait on planes for longer than three hours .
But because the London - to - Newark flight was international , it is n't eligible for a fine under the tarmac delay rule .
Doy said she was checking into the passengers ' reports of the plane not having air conditioning while stalled .
She said the planes have water fountains aboard , but she was n't sure if any food was left over after the in - flight meals had been served .
The delays frustrated not only the passengers desperately waiting to get off the Virgin Atlantic plane in Connecticut , but those waiting to get out of Newark on the airline as well .
Eva Shah may not even make her own wedding .
Shah was supposed to fly Virgin Atlantic to Mumbai , but the Newark flight she needed to take to connect in Heathrow to complete the trip to India has been delayed 23 hours , her future brother - in - law , Justin Holmes , told NBCNewYork .
Holmes said the airline will only offer Shah a refund and will not transfer her to a more expensive flight .
The airline could n't immediately be reached for comment on that matter .
Follow us on Twitter @NBCNewYork , and on Facebook / NBCNewYork , and sign up for breaking news SMS alerts on your phone by texting “ NYBREAKING ” to 639710 .
Position : Defense
Age : 18
Date of Birth : Jan 11 , 1992
Place of Birth : Edmonton , AB , CAN
Ht : 6 - 1 Wt : 180
Shoots : Right
Mark Pysyk is a defenseman for the Edmonton Oil Kings of the WHL .
He is yet another player to have his season cut short due to injury .
A broken foot caused him to miss 24 games this year .
His toughness is n't in question however - Pysyk played a handful of games on the broken foot before being shut down .
He is already drawing comparisons to Duncan Keith , so take that for what its worth .
Pysyk is currently the # 7 overall North American skating prospect , after improving on his # 9 midterm rank .
Pysyk in 2009 - 10 :
GP G A PTS +/- PIM 48 7 17 24 -19 47
Scouting Report ( Central Scouting ) :
" He finished the season with a broken foot and a lot of scouts were n't able to get a good grip on how good this player 's going to be in the NHL .
Smooth - skating , he has a neat knack for following up the play at the right time , leading the rush at the right time and throwing a crisp pass to one of his forwards to break out of his zone . "
Why he would fit in Columbus :
Pysyk would add another right handed shot to the lineup in a defensive corps that is predominantly full of lefties .
He 's a very fluid skater for his size and has good speed and agility .
He 's a special teams specialist , who can get lots of time on the PP and PK .
He 's good at killing penalties , which we 've addressed is a huge need , and he can make great outlet passes to our forwards .
Pysyk in action :
One would think that in the latter case , the need for an organisation like the FSF would be that much greater .
But some people think differently .
People like Joe " Zonker " Brockmeier , for example .
Last week , Brockmeier put forward his views - the FSF should not just say no to the use of non-free software , things like SaaS ( software as a service ) and devices like the iPad , it should provide alternatives , was his take .
( As blogger Jason Melton points out , the FSF is developing alternatives like GNU Social and LibrePlanet , but Brockmeier apparently does not know about these . ) A man who has worked for numerous technology publications and also put in a stint as community manager for Novell , Brockmeier makes some rather sweeping claims in his article .
First , he says that the FSF should , in a rather poor attempt at humour , stop being what he calls the " party of Gno " ; he then asserts that negative campaigns - like the FSF's Defective by Design and Windows 7 Sins - are not working .
However , he offers no proof of this - when Brockmeier speaks , one is apparently supposed to accept it like one did when stuff was handed down from Mount Sinai .
( I may add here that Brockmeier does not look kindly on people who contradict his views - I had firsthand experience of this at Australia 's national Linux conference in 2009 .
A man who supports open source software does not , apparently , support freedom of thought . )
Brockmeier then asserts that he agrees with the FSF 's basic mission and philosophy and links to a document which proclaims that " free software is a matter of liberty , not price " .
He wants to see free software succeed , he says , while adding that open source software has already succeeded .
I 'm not sure what his measure of success is .
He does n't say so specifically either , but given that , in the same paragraph , he mentions that open source is widely used by companies and that even Microsoft is contributing to open source to some degree , one can only surmise that for him success is gauged by the extent to which businesses take up , or are involved in , a particular genre of software .
I guess he really did n't read the document he linked to .
Brockmeier then asserts that the free software movement is shrinking .
In support of this rather expansive statement , he points to the increasing use of MacBooks at Linux conferences , the acceptance by most contributors he knows of proprietary services like DropBox and UbuntuOne , and the fact that , with very few exceptions , companies in the community settle for a mix of open and closed technologies for revenue generation .
The FSF has never measured its success or otherwise by the extent to which it can come up with a sustainable business model .
It is an advocacy organisation and that is what it does .
The GNU Project has contributed a huge amount of software that is part and parcel of GNU / Linux distributions and , where possible , does try to provide free alternatives to software that it proscribes .
But given its finances and personnel numbers , it can only do so much .
Its cause is certainly not helped when people like Brockmeier , who , as I pointed out , claims to believe in the organisation 's basic mission and philosophy , go off and work for companies like Novell which sold out the entire FOSS community by signing a patent - licensing deal with Microsoft in November 2006 .
The deal did not go down well with people in the community - senior Samba guru Jeremy Allison walked out in protest .
The deal has not done Novell much good either ; the company is now hunting for a buyer .
What Novell tried to paint as pragmatism has turned out to be anything but .
That apart , the use of MacBooks by those who attend Linux conferences says nothing apart from the fact that if these folk are GNU / Linux users , then they probably were not attuned to the idea of free software in the first place .
If Brockmeier was interested in helping the FSF become what he thinks could make it more relevant to the needs of today 's computer users , then I think he would have offered the organisation his suggestions , rather than lambast them in public .
But no , Joe knows how to fix it .
And he's not reluctant to tell the world at large how it should be done .
When Brockmeier rather patronisingly acknowledges the contribution that Richard Stallman , the founder of the FSF , has made to this genre of software , one can only laugh .
Coming from one who was pushing Novell 's cause not so long ago and making baseless claims about Software Freedom Law Centre founder Eben Moglen , it is indeed rich .
There is one thing that can be said with certainty - many of today 's open source people find Stallman inconvenient .
They find his adherence to free software , to the principles that drove him to start the movement , and his occasional pointed statements annoying .
They find that it gets in the way of making a quick buck .
Of course , Stallman is not right at every turn .
He can be annoying at times with his insistence on minor details .
But it is an inescapable fact that the massive ecospace which FOSS occupies today is due in no small way to the idealism of one man who walked out of a very highly - paid job one day because he wanted to produce a free ( as in speech , not beer ) operating system .
As Brockmeier , for once , rightly points out there are business problems that need to be solved in order to make free software more widely used .
But people like him are not part of the solution ; they are part of the problem .
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Ferrari has labelled the European Grand Prix a ' scandal ' as it vented its frustrations at the safety car situation .
While the stewards continue to meet on Sunday night to decide on whether a number of drivers went too fast into the pits during the safety car period caused by Mark Webber 's crash , Ferrari has not held back in venting its anger .
In a statement issued on its official website , Ferrari said that the decisions made - especially in the way Lewis Hamilton ultimately did not lose a position despite overtaking the safety car - damaged the credibility of the sport .
" A scandal , that 's the opinion of so many fans and employees who are all in agreement : there is no other way to describe what happened during the European Grand Prix , " said the Ferrari statement .
" The way the race and the incidents during it were managed raise doubts that could see Formula 1 lose some credibility again , as it was seen around the world . "
Alonso himself hit out at the FIA after the race , saying the event had been ' manipulated ' by the decisions made by the race stewards .
" It 's a shame , not for us because this is racing , but for all the fans who came here to watch a manipulated race , " Alonso told Spanish television after the event
" We were running well , in third after a good start .
Then the safety car came out , which was n't too good for us , but Hamilton overtook the safety car , something that I had never seen , overtaking the medical car with yellow flags .
We were a metre off each other , and he finished second and I finished ninth .
" This race was to finish second .
Then with the safety car I would have finished where I finished in ninth , and Hamilton in eighth .
But here , when you do the normal thing , which is respecting the rules , you finish ninth , and the one who does n't respect them finishes second . "
Why couldnt they do this with a 3G or 3GS ?
They may be technically superior , but the first generation iPhone is way way prettier .
On another note , the speed with which that seared through glass was terrifying .
Saturday Night Live was finishing its season just as the BP oil well in the gulf started leaking , leaving it to Jon Stewart , BPGlobalPR , and now Upright Citizens Brigade to provide the requisite satire .
UCB ’s web site was crashing Wednesday night as online fans flocked to see the group ’s latest punch lines over BP ’s response to the oil spill .
The group ’s two new videos were equally funny – in a very sad kind of way .
[ youtube=http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2AAa0gd7ClM&feature=channel]
Video number one , the BP execs spill coffee and can’t quite figure out how to plan a cleanup .
At one point , the leader of the meeting grabs some paper towel – to draw the schematic of a clumsy top hat .
Video number two – Just imagine how rich all those fish in the Gulf are now , with all that unlimited oil at their disposal :
[ youtube=http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HtfevVB5eBk&feature=channel]
With one part of Obamanomics taking us back to 1963 , why not have another take us back to 1971 ?
That was the year that Richard Nixon promised to control inflation and return stability to the American economy by imposing price controls , a decision that backfired and helped lead to artificial shortages and a decade of stagflation .
Almost 40 years later , Barack Obama offers his version of Nixonian economics , this time on health insurance :
In a shot across the bow to the insurance industry Tuesday , President Obama warned companies facing higher costs in part because of his health care law not to hike their prices , saying “ we ’ll be watching closely . ”
Backing up his rhetoric behind the scenes , the Department of Health and Human Services ( HHS ) is quietly working on a new regulation to determine when insurance price increases are “ unreasonable ” and potentially prohibited by law .
The move may provide political cover heading into November ’s elections as the President tries to keep the public from linking recent premium hikes to his newly - passed health care law .
But critics warn price controls could lead to either rationing or insurance companies going out of business , and point to Massachusetts ’s experience with insurance price controls as a cautionary tale of what happens when pricing “ turns political . ”
It ’s also a cautionary tale about allowing politicians to run the private sector .
Obama , Nancy Pelosi , and their allies wasted no opportunity to cast health - insurance companies as “ villains ” and profiteers , but the truth is much different .
The health - insurance sector is already a low - margin industry with profits between 2 - 6 % in any of the years over the last decade .
Pricing has remained pretty close to the bone as it is , and in states with price - fixing schemes like Massachusetts , they ’ve already begun to go out of business .
Price is not the same as cost , especially when government intervenes in markets to disturb the pricing equilibrium .
Price hikes in competitive markets only come when an increase in costs force providers to raise prices to meet them .
Presumably , either other providers have the same price pressures , or an inefficient use of resources resulting in cost increases will force a provider out of business when it ca n’t price its product competitively .
The low margin in the industry indicates a high level of efficiency ( as well as a heavy cost of existing government mandates ) , and hardly shows profiteering at all .
In the 1970s , price controls resulted in gas lines , meat shortages , and all sorts of artificial problems when government interfered with the pricing mechanisms of competitive markets .
Nixon did it for the same reasons Obama is building — evil corporations , nasty profiteering , and all of the class - warfare rhetoric anyone can stomach .
The result will still be the same .
If government caps prices so that insurance companies cannot cover the cost of providing its services , insurance companies will go out of business and shortages will drive up the actual cost of health care .
Remember , even though gasoline remained at a constant price , consumers had to wait hours to get their tanks filled — a cost of time that far outstripped the price increases that would have resulted without Nixon ’s intervention .
One can not escape cost by manipulating price for very long , if at all , a lesson we learned almost 40 years ago , and one Obama wants to learn the hard way all over again .
In a tribute to the birth control pill , which turns 50 years old today , CBS contributor Faith Salie argues that the pill not only revolutionized women 's sex lives , but it also " produced better mothers : fulfilled women who deliberately created families . "
Advertisement
Salie argues that the creation of the pill provided women with a means to choose when they were — or were n't — ready for motherhood , and that this choice has allowed women to become better mothers due to their ability to be in control of when they decide — if ever — that they 're ready to have children .
I 'm not entirely sure I agree with her premise that every woman who gave birth when she was ready , due to birth control pills , is automatically a " better mother " than those who gave birth after unplanned pregnancies , though I do agree that the pill provided a means for women to postpone having children until they felt they were ready , a step that helped open several paths to women in terms of their careers , their sex lives , and the way we view motherhood in general .
But the pill 's legacy thus far is n't all sunshine and lollipops , as pointed out by Deborah Kotz of US News , who notes that the pill also " created an epidemic of infertility , " perhaps by giving women the ability to postpone attempting to have a child into their 30s or 40s : " To be clear , oral contraceptives do n't cause infertility ; ovulation usually resumes within a month or two after going off the pill , " Kotz writes , " But the trend toward shifting reproduction from a woman 's early 20s ( when she 's most fertile ) to her late 30s or early 40s ( when fertility is on the wane ) has dramatically increased since the pill became widespread , to the extent that 20 percent of couples contend with the issue of infertility at one time or another . "
Advertisement
And as Gail Collins of the New York Times writes , the pill has also found itself at the center of controversy , as " protests from the social right have made politicians frightened of mentioning birth control and school boards frightened of including it in the curriculum , " and that " the terror of mentioning birth control is so great that the humongous new health care reform act has managed to avoid bringing it up at all . "
Even after 50 years , the pill — and all of the opportunities it affords , no doubt — are seen as unethical , typically by those who also feel that abortion should be illegal , essentially stating that women should have absolutely no rights to what goes on in their own bodies .
It may seem a bit weird ( and somewhat funny ) to celebrate the birth control pill 's birthday on Mother 's Day , of all days , but the pill and motherhood are n't really as separate as they seem , as Salie noted , as the pill has helped many women prevent motherhood until they felt ready to participate in it .
And not only that , but the pill has helped women in ways that go beyond prevention of pregnancy ; easing menstrual cramps , clearing skin , and lowering one 's risk of ovarian cancer .
But perhaps most importantly , it provided women with choices ; choices about life and love and children and careers and control over their own bodies .
And hopefully , maybe by the pill 's 100th birthday , men will be able to take the pill as well , which would open even more doors ( most likely the same doors that cover Viagra prescriptions without turning it into a moral issue ) .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
So happy birthday baby ( or , um , lack there of ? ) : here 's to another 50 years .
What Every Girl Should Know [ NYTimes ]
Birth Control Turns 50 : 7 Ways It Changed Women 's Lives [ USNews ]
Faith Salie : Happy Birthday To The Pill [ CBS News ]
What do the Senator Tom Coburn and almost - Senator Rand Paul have in common ?
I mean , in addition to being cranky white guys who wo n’t shut up .
They ’re both doctors .
The medical profession , once known for attracting the intellectually curious , the save - the - world dreamers , or at least those who could kill a standardized test , has now become a magnet for a special type of political uber - nut : the doctor senator , a confusing amalgam of an infantile selfishness , Marlboro man frontier integrity , and the crude insensitivity that masquerades as straight talk .
Paul and Coburn would become the most extreme duo in the recent history of the U.S. Senate , a place that already has its share of flat - earthers and Jefferson Davis revisionists .
As a doctor , this is painful to watch .
And for me , it ’s even worse .
Tom C. ( class of 1983 ) and I ( class of 1980 ) share something important :
We are both graduates of the University of Oklahoma College of Medicine ( though only I am a true Okie : Dr. Tom , born in Wyoming , is just trying to pass ) .
Coburn was three years behind me at OU and I never once saw him or heard of him till he began running for Congress by driving his truck along rural roads around Muskogee .
But in our post - Richard Blumenthal world , let the record state clearly that my dear friend Tom and I attended medical school together .
In the history of the Senate , 51 doctors have served ( including President William Henry Harrison , who never practiced medicine or , for that matter , the presidency , as he caught pneumonia and died soon after his inauguration ) .
Most served in the 19th century .
In fact , since World War II , besides Coburn and John Barrasso of Wyoming , only two other physicians have sat in the upper chamber : William Frist , the ( lousy ) Senate Majority Leader in the Bush Junior days , and Ernest Gruening , a New Yorker educated at Harvard who became a journalist rather than a practicing doctor .
Just a few other doctors have played well in the larger political sphere ; Howard Dean comes to mind .
Tom and Rand will change all of that — and not just by swelling the numbers .
They also would become the most extreme duo in the recent history of the U.S. Senate , a place that already has its share of flat - earthers and Jefferson Davis revisionists .
Next to them , their physician - mate , Barrasso , a conservative orthopedist currently representing Wyoming , seems of standard Republican cloth - coat issue — small government , lower taxes , sanctity of life , blah blah .
Reagan redux with a yawn .
Why oh why is my profession so oddly represented in Washington ?
We are probably not that much worse than any other group in our socioeconomically matched demographic , are we ?
There are among us lefties and righties , whack - jobs and dullards just like the citizens across this great and glorious land of ours .
So what gives ?
I have a few theories .
First , doctors get to hear themselves talk .
A lot .
Yes , I know we are supposed to be good listeners , but please — patients want to hear what we have to say .
Unlike , say , your lawyer or your accountant , where you kind of nod out and hope nothing important is being said , with a doctor you tend to hang on the words — at least if you ’re seeing us with a specific problem .
As such , we are given a bully pulpit every day to make pronouncements and recommendations .
People write down what we say ; they call and tell their friends about the visit , “ well , I saw the doctor and he said … ”
Such a zealous fan base can go to a guy ’s head .
We start to think that , unlike most everyone else , we actually have something to say .
And what ’s the difference between treating a malady of the digestive system and treating a malady of the U.S. tax code ?
Besides everything , that is .
Doctors also possess a native sobriety — if not dullness — that seems flat - out senatorial at times .
We are a profession of solid but never snappy dressers who wear nice but not too nice shoes .
The abstemious face , the dry mechanical handshake , the steady gaze , the uninflected tone :
These are the markings of a good doctor — or of Senator Bigwig .
But I suspect the most compelling reason is this : Doctors more than just about anyone else deal endlessly with the regulatory aspect of government .
For us , every day is April 15 .
We are awash with forms : Entire cottage industries have appeared to deal with both the forms and the regulation to assure compliance with the forms .
It is the coin of our realm and has been since Medicare and Medicaid were hatched .
Most of us can stand it most days ; it is a major pain , an annoyance , a waste of time etc . — but not more .
For a few people , however , Tom and Rand among them , it appears to represent a systematic threat to manhood , one that , my fellow Americans , cannot , should not , and must not be tolerated .
Articulating their aversion to filling out forms has become the proof and justification of their world view , the perfect example of the clumsiness and inevitable inefficiency of health care ( and all government ) .
And in response we hear the sustained adolescent shriek YOU CAN ’T MAKE ME CLEAN MY ROOM that is the heart and soul of the libertarian movement — the thing that gives it its visceral appeal as well as its high - voltage , seemingly infinite energy .
The problem is that the hard - core libertarians too often go off the deep end : Theodore Kaczynski and Timothy McVeigh , anyone ?
That ’s where Rand and Tom come in .
They ’re doctors — they ca n’t be that crazy , right ?
With the doctor duo , you get both the primal tantrum but also the smug confidence of privilege :
Both men are the well - educated scions of successful dads .
Tom and Rand are not hardscrabble hard - luckers , though that is the brand they are selling — and being from Muskogee , Oklahoma , and Bowling Green , Kentucky , certainly helps .
As they advance their radical politics , they bring not just the suave calmness of a doctor at the bedside but also its implicit social standing :
For despite appearances , they are not countrifying the libertarian movement , but rather country club - ifying it .
Now that ’s a trick their senatorial colleagues can truly understand .
Kent Sepkowitz is an infectious disease specialist in New York City .
He has contributed to The New York Times , Slate , and , oh - so - briefly , O Magazine .
He also writes academic medical articles that are at times pretty tough sledding .
Inquiring minds are reading an interesting article by Alex Daley at Casey Research .
Please consider We Cannot Afford to Double Dip .
For the first time in a long time , developed governments in Europe and the U.S. face the specter of sub -AAA credit ratings and rapidly rising costs of borrowing more .
Between rising borrowing costs , the already hefty budgetary burden of paying prior debt interest , and the ever - expanding rolls of government employees , legislators can hardly keep up on the bills these days , let alone inject any more into the economy .
As the walking bankrupt states and cities continue their budget slashing – down from criminally high levels such as Miami , where the average city worker nets $ 76,000 / year compared to the $ 29,000 average for private citizens of the metropolis – it will only exacerbate the returning slowdown .
Fewer households with cash to spend in the private sector .
Rising mortgage defaults and foreclosures as the workers face the grim reality that a state paycheck does n’t come with a 30 - year guarantee these days .
Declining tax revenues at all levels .
And more people on the already busting - at - the - seams federal unemployment files , which remain at all - time highs .
Speaking of the U.S. federal government , their guaranties of Fannie and Freddie Mac loans are now estimated to cost anywhere from $ 250 billion to $ 1 trillion to taxpayers in the end , far above the net cost of any of the other bailout measures and potentially more than is possible to pay .
The price tag is so steep , many conservatives are starting to call for repealing the institutions ’ charters altogether and letting the private market have at them .
The U.S. federal government is simply buried over its head in obligations .
The government is all tapped out .
And yet the economy continues to slow .
If you are among the camp who wished the government would have never stepped in to begin with and called out the seemingly obvious truth that they could only worsen the situation by flailing so wildly to contain it – the double dip is coming , and you are about to be proven right and get your wish at the same time .
It ’s the price we are all about to pay for letting our politicians get away with budgetary murder year after year , including letting them try to “ save ” us the last time around .
Saved to Death
We Cannot Afford to NOT Double Dip
We Cannot Afford to NOT Double Dip
The Husqvarna DXR 310 Demolition Robot is like having your own life - size Transformer to play around with , breaking down walls , roofs , and anything else that stands in your way .
It features a robotic arm that reaches over 15 feet , a modern remote control that offers Bluetooth , a 3.5 - inch screen , one - handed operation , and the ability to pass through normal doorways and climb stairs — if it has n't ripped them apart already .
Sometimes , being in Scientology leader David Miscavige 's inner circle sounds kind of fun .
High - level church defector Mark Rathbun says he personally recorded Tom Cruise 's confessionals — and that Miscavige read the transcripts out loud , " joking and laughing " at parties .
Rathbun was a spokesperson and senior management leader in the church before splitting from the church in 2004 .
Now he 's made a career of showing everyone else where Scientology 's bodies are buried — like in secret recording devices inside the Scientology Celebrity Centre in LA .
I audited a number of intensives of confessionals on Tom Cruise from July through November 2001 .
By order of [ Scientology leader David ]
Miscavige many of those sessions were secretly recorded by a well - concealed video camera and voice recorder system built into the VIP auditing room at Celebrity Center International . …
All I knew at that time was that I forwarded the videos to my CS at Int ( RTC ) .
I was also required by Miscavige to write reports on the content of every session I delivered during that period and send them directly to Miscavige .
I was told by him that he needed to know because recovering Tom to Scientology was the most important mission possible .
And what , pray tell , did Miscavige do with these videos and reports ?
I have recently learned from a very reliable witness that DM [ David Miscavige ] regularly held court with others in his personal lounge in the roadside Villas at the Int [ International Scientology ] base , and while sipping scotch whiskey at the end of the night , Miscavige would read Tom 's overts and withholds from my reports to others , joking and laughing about the content of Tom 's confessions .
My witness is unimpeachable in my eyes as his account contains too many accurate details from someone who had zero reason ( or ability ) for being anywhere near Tom 's folders , videos and reports direct to DM .
David Miscavige is such a jerk , he makes us feel bad for Tom Cruise .
[ Mark Rathbun via Village Voice .
Photo of Cruise and Miscavige via AP ]
World Cup 2010 Maps - South Africa
Bing Maps World Cup 2010
Only just released is a another ' app ' from Bing Maps that gives you metadata on teams , fixtures and results on the map and left side panel .
Hopefully it will be updated live in real - time .
Google have a dedicated World Cup 2010 Venue Map at
http://maps.google.com/maps?ftr=marketing.worldcup
http://worldcup.mapize.com/
Colourful World Cup Map at :
Washington Post World Cup Explorer
http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-srv/sports/worldcup/map/index.html
BBC have a Venue Map here
& here
http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/in_depth/8726302.stm
An Best Individual Map Award goes to Keir Clarke
World Cup Venues
http://homepage.ntlworld.com/keir.clarke/web/wcvenues.htm
Google have a dedicated World Cup 2010 Venue Map atWashington Post World Cup ExplorerBBC have a Venue Map here http://news.bbc.co.uk/sport/hi/football/8094737.stm
& hereAn Best Individual Map Award goes to Keir ClarkeWorld Cup Venues
updated 8 pm 11th June 2010
With South Africa Opening the World Cup with the first World Cup 2010 GOAL against Mexico here is a quick guide of the best of a selection of World Cup Maps ( RSA 1 vs Mexico 1 final score )
The long - awaited report into the Bloody Sunday massacre will conclude that a number of the fatal shootings of civilians by British soldiers were unlawful killings , the Guardian has learned .
Lord Saville 's 12 - year inquiry into the deaths , the longest public inquiry in British legal history , will conclude with a report published next Tuesday , putting severe pressure on the Public Prosecution Service in Northern Ireland to prosecute soldiers .
Lord Trimble , the former leader of the Ulster Unionists and one of the architects of the Good Friday agreement , revealed to the Guardian that when Tony Blair agreed to the inquiry in 1998 , he warned the then prime minister that any conclusion that departed " one millimetre " from the earlier 1972 Widgery report into the killings would lead to " soldiers in the dock " .
One unionist MP who did not wish to be named described the conclusion of unlawful killings as a " hand - grenade with the pin pulled out that is about to be tossed into the lap of the PPS " in Northern Ireland .
Thirteen unarmed civilians , all of them male , were shot dead at a civil rights march in the Bogside area of Derry in January 1972 .
A 14th man died of his wounds several months later .
The killings electrified nationalist protests against British rule in Northern Ireland and Bloody Sunday became a critical moment in the history of the Troubles , dramatically boosting the popularity of the Provisional IRA in the province and , according to many people , acting as a catalyst for much of the violence that followed .
The results of Saville 's hearing will be released to the public at 3.30 pm on Tuesday when David Cameron announces its publication to the House of Commons .
Up to 10,000 people are expected to march around lunchtime that day into Guildhall Square in Derry , where they will watch live reports about the inquiry 's conclusions on giant television screens .
They will trace the same route that the civil rights marchers had attempted to take on Bloody Sunday , which the Stormont government , dominated in 1972 by unionists , had banned .
Families of those killed in the massacre 38 years ago have focused on a number of soldiers who were identified and gave evidence during the 12 year old tribunal .
These include " Soldier F " who , according to the relatives of the Bloody Sunday dead , shot four to six of the victims .
Told during the inquiry that his evidence amounted to perjury , he did not demur .
Though witnesses were protected from self - incrimination , an exception was made for perjury .
And government law officers made it clear that criminal prosecution against an individual was not ruled out in the light of any evidence that emerged from other witnesses or from documents .
Sources familiar with the inquiry said yesterday that Saville may not explicitly recommend criminal prosecutions and much will depend on his message , whether direct or indirect , to the PPS .
The PPS , headed by Sir Alasdair Fraser , will make the decision on prosecutions because the killings occurred in its jurisdiction , rather than the Crown Prosecution Service in London .
Fraser will have to take into account the public interest in a prosecution , and the likelihood of securing a conviction .
Among survivors who were shot on the day and the families of the dead , there are many demanding that a number of British paratroopers should be prosecuted through the courts .
They could initiate a private prosecution and sue for compensation in a civil court .
Trimble , a Nobel peace prize winner , said that during the all - party talks of late 1997 and early 1998 he told Blair that a new inquiry would end up with soldiers being dragged through the courts .
He described the establishment of the tribunal during the peace talks as a " sideline deal independent from the Belfast agreement " .
On his warning to Blair , Trimble said : " I just reminded him that the Widgery report of 1972 concluded that the troops ' behaviour , to quote from the report , ' bordered on the reckless ' .
" Then I told the prime minister that if you moved from one millimetre from the that conclusion you were into the area of manslaughter , if not murder , " he said .
" I pointed out to Blair that we would see soldiers in the dock .
I told him that at the time of the talks leading to the Belfast agreement , " Trimble said .
Blair and the then Northern Ireland secretary , Mo Mowlam , announced the establishment of the Saville inquiry on 30 January 1998 – the 26th anniversary of the shootings , citing " compelling new evidence " .
At the time Blair and Mowlam , who has since died , were locked in the intensive negotiations between unionists and nationalist that ultimately led to the Good Friday agreement of 1998 .
However , Trimble said that the inquiry was " not in any way part of the agreement " .
He added : " At the time of the talks the parties , it seemed to me , did not want to be obsessing on the past .
The problem was that Blair , for reasons that I can't understand , gave in to pressure for a selective inquiry . "
The state of California is entering the new fiscal year budget wrangling period .
What the legislature in Sacramento was hoping for in April with generous tax revenues actually turned out to be an absolute bust .
The California housing bubble bursting is still having deep ramifications for the future of the state .
Unfortunately what we are now finding out is Sacramento put blind faith behind the federal government bailing out the state and overly optimistic revenues in April .
None of those have come to fruition and now the hard budget work will begin once again .
In this election year , you ’ll be hard pressed to find any politician backing any tax hikes .
So more cuts seem to be in store for the state but those calling for massive cuts fail to connect the dots that unemployed people will not be buying homes or spending freely .
In other words , the economy of California is in trouble for at least the next fiscal year .
Part of the problem is how California collects revenues :
Over 81 percent of tax revenues come from the most volatiles sources possible .
Half of tax revenues come from personal income taxes .
Well if 12.6 percent of your state is officially unemployed ( 23 percent underemployed ) , you have a large batch of people not paying any personal income tax .
At the same time , the deep recession has cut into sales taxes as well because people in recessions do n’t spend as much .
This should be abundantly obvious but that is why California has been in boom and bust cycles for the past two decades .
The housing bubble has cut deep into the middle class of the state .
Remember all that talk about the vehicle license fee ?
Look at the chart above ?
This is 1.7 % of the entire budget .
Time to focus on the actual systemic problems instead of politicizing the smaller easier to gun for line items on the budget that really do n’t even put a dent into the real issues .
Even now , many counties in California are charging nearly 10 percent in sales tax .
This is an incredible amount because this is taken out of net income that has already been taxed by :
Social Security Medicare Federal Tax California State Tax CA SDI
By the time most Californians get their net paycheck , it has been chopped so low because of all the above taxes .
Then , when Californians shop they get another bill through the sales tax of nearly 10 percent .
And you wonder why things are spiraling in the state ?
If you are middle class in the state , good luck with inflated housing prices in niche markets and massive amounts of taxes .
In entering the realm of the absurd , California is now planning on selling ad space on get this , electronic freeway signs :
“( McClatchy )
In his latest effort to patch California ’s cash - strapped budget , Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger has resurrected an idea to convert overhead freeway displays into electronic advertising billboards .
Under the plan , a billboard company would replace existing digital displays that show abduction - related Amber Alerts and traffic updates with sophisticated color screens that also show advertising .
The state currently operates 708 electronic boards on highways .
The proposal faces significant hurdles , particularly obtaining a U.S. Department of Transportation waiver of federal highway regulations .
The governor sees the plan as a way to generate revenue and improve the technology of the warning signs , but critics fear the new signs would distract drivers and lead to more accidents . ”
Now this is n’t a big surprise although selling freeway space is .
All we need is for politicians to wear NASCAR like jumpsuits with their corporate sponsor logos .
In fact , the projections already had this baked in :
We already knew back in 2007 that revenues were going to be trailing in the state .
And what was done ?
Last year , much of it was with cuts , tax hikes , and basically borrowing more money .
In that time nothing drastic has changed although the budget conditions do warrant this given the California budget .
And things continue to get worse .
California has the largest population but also the largest number of people receiving food assistance :
As we have been saying for months , we are clearly on path to reaching 40,000,000 people on food assistance nationwide .
Since the recent data only goes back to February it is very likely that today we are already over that number .
California unemployment benefits are being paid out in large numbers and we have already had to borrow from the federal government here as well .
The budget debate is going to get heated and will consume the entire summer .
The Governor will release his initial budget and dogs will be set free to fight for scraps .
The gap got bigger with the miss last month :
The expected amount was over $ 10 billion so they were off by $ 3 billion .
So the actual gap will be approximately $ 20 to $ 21 billion ( a sizeable amount ) .
It ’ll be interesting to see how things play out given the political nature of the year .
In fact , with California still deep into a recession it is likely few politicians will take any strong measures one way or another .
California home values still remain depressed and it is easy to understand .
It is also the case that California home values no longer have the leverage of exotic no - doc loans that allowed people to buy much more than they could actually afford .
This also hid the fact that actual incomes really never went up to justify prices .
Gear up because the California budget is going to get messy .
California is a $ 1.8 trillion economy so it is naïve for non-Californians to think that big issues here wo n’t ripple throughout the country .
Just look at what tiny Greece has done to the European Union .
If you enjoyed this post click here to subscribe to a complete feed and stay up to date with today ’s challenging market !
Follow us on Twitter !
Scientists at the Department of Energy 's Oak Ridge National Laboratory are planning a large - scale , long - term ecosystem experiment to test the effects of global warming on the icy layers of arctic permafrost .
While ORNL researchers have conducted extensive studies on the impact of climate change in temperate regions like East Tennessee , less is known about the impact global warming could have on arctic regions .
" We 're beginning to take these lessons learned and start applying them to sensitive and globally important ecosystems , such as the arctic , " said Stan Wullschleger of the Environmental Sciences Division .
" The arctic regions are important to the topic of global warming because of the large land area they occupy around the world and the layer of permanently frozen soil , known as permafrost . "
Wullschleger and a team of architects , engineers and biologists from ORNL and other national laboratories design , simulate using computers and then field test large - scale manipulative experiments that purposely warm a test area in order to evaluate ecosystem response to projected climate conditions .
" Evidence is emerging that the arctic is experiencing a greater degree of warming than the rest of the globe , " Wullschleger said .
" There is growing concern that this warming is already affecting a wide range of physical and ecological processes in the arctic , including permafrost degradation .
Manipulative experiments will help us study these processes and their consequences in great detail . "
In the arctic study for the Department of Energy 's Office of Science , researchers seek to develop specially designed above - and below - ground warming technologies to heat multiple plots of land about 20 meters in diameter .
ORNL researchers hope to eventually have replicated plots with treatments that include heating in combination with elevated carbon dioxide .
advertisement
" The way we design and arrange the above - and below - ground heaters will allow us to warm the air and soil in a manner representing future conditions and then study the consequences of that warming , " Wullschleger said .
Wullschleger and others working on the project hope to discover whether carbon stored in permafrost will be released as the soil warms .
This could have major consequences for climate .
Before work can begin , a team of engineers and architects must adapt the heater technology that has been used on the Oak Ridge Reservation to study temperate region plants like maple and oak trees to Alaska 's harsh winters and icy soil .
" We 're developing a prototype because we have n't tested the equipment under arctic conditions before .
In parts of Alaska , temperatures will drop to minus - 40 degrees Fahrenheit , " Wullschleger said .
Results from the prototype tests , modeling simulations , and other scientific analyses will be used to determine the location of the long - term ecosystem experiment .
Wullschleger is collaborating with the U.S. Army Cold Regions Research and Engineering Laboratory in Fairbanks and the Barrow Arctic Science Consortium in Barrow , Alaska .
The team plans to hold workshops in collaboration with the International Arctic Research Center at the University of Alaska to get the science community involved in details of the planned experiment .
" That will be a major undertaking , and it will involve the support of the larger scientific community .
We want to ensure , right from the beginning , that others are able to contribute to the development of this grand activity , " Wullschleger said .
Image caption The Bill & Melinda Gates Foundations runs charity projects around the globe
Alongside the billions of pounds worth of aid being pumped into rebuilding Haiti , a new project aims to give Haitians control over their own cash .
The Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation has created a $ 10 m ( £ 7 m ) fund for mobile banking services in the country .
Mobile banking is exploding in the developing world , encouraging saving and helping people out of poverty .
The Foundation hopes millions will take up the service in Haiti .
" Out of the ruins of Haiti 's tragic earthquake , there is an unprecedented opportunity to improve the lives of millions of Haitians and unlock the country 's economic potential , " said Mark Suzman , acting president of the Global Development Program at the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation .
Rebuilding lives
Image caption Many more Haitians have mobile phones than bank accounts
The earthquake destroyed more than one third of the country 's banks , ATMs and money transfer stations , which meant that there were severe cash shortages for Haitians .
Although traditional banks in Haiti are getting back to normal , only 15 % of Haitian had a bank account before the disaster .
Amolo Ng'weno , deputy director of the Foundation 's Financial Services for the poor , explained the genesis of the mobile money fund .
" After the earthquake in Haiti there were huge difficulties in getting cash to families there .
If only there had been a mobile money system operating a lot of problems would have been reduced and people could have started rebuilding their lives immediately , " she said .
The $ 10 m fund will be divided among companies that build successful mobile banking in Haiti .
The first one to launch a service which meets certain targets in the next six months will get $ 2.5 m , and a second firm will receive $ 1.5 m .
Another $ 6 m will be awarded to the firm or firms that process the first five million transactions .
The Foundation hopes at least one million Haitians will take up services in the first two years .
Spend locally
Image caption Mobile banking could make a long - term difference in Haiti
Mobile banking has exploded in the developing world .
A system introduced in Kenya three years ago now has more than nine million users , 40 % of the adult population .
Now customers of M - Pesa are able to access more sophisticated banking services .
A study by the University of Edinburgh suggests that M - Pesa customers are increasing their incomes by between 5 % and 30 % .
According to the US National Bureau of Economic Research , households with access to saving accounts are more likely to invest in education , will increase productivity and income and are less vulnerable to illness .
" We are discovering anecdotally that there are some huge benefits to such services , " said Bob Christen , director of the Foundation 's Financial Services for the Poor .
" When people have to go into town to get money they tend to spend it there because it is not safe to carry it in wallets .
" Paying people locally means that they spend locally , which has a knock - on effect on the local economy , " he said .
Since 2006 , the Financial Services for the Poor initiative has spent $ 500 m on similar schemes .
Explanations I ’ve heard , in 2010 , for why rape happens to the people it happens to : Women do n’t lock their doors , women wear revealing clothing , women wear sexually suggestive footwear , women take the stairs , women walk outside alone , women drink too much .
What I do n’t generally hear stated aloud is the assumption behind most of these victim - focused approaches to ending rape :
Women get raped because they go around thinking they ’re equal to men .
Back in 1977 , though , Venice , Fla. police chief Robert Ferry was happy to spell this all out for his fellow victim - blamers , in a column about rape prevention for the Sarasota Herald - Tribune .
The article is called “ Rape Most Often Crime Opportunity , ” and it ’s all about how women “ get ” raped , because they ’re stupid like that .
Also : Feminism .
He begins :
Rape is far more often a crime of opportunity than premeditation , due to the obvious physiologic involvement .
Adult women are cognizant of this fact , yet allow situations of potential attack to develop , seemingly with little thought of avoidance .
Why ?
Translation : Even I , a man , can not begin to explain why women ’s brains are so feeble , causing them to get raped so much .
Nevertheless , I will try .
All people , men and women alike , dress to be their most attractive .
The basics of human nature demand notice , admiration , in varying degrees from those around us .
But , rape victim case analyses often indicate many women go overboard in the attainment of these commonly desired goals .
Example : the night worker who dresses in peekaboo blouse , see - through skirt , with accompanying cosmetic signals of unattachment , when she knows she must wait 20 minutes for her midnight bus ride home in a questionable neighborhood .
Translation :
While rape case analyses always indicate that rapists “ go overboard ” in their attempts to forcibly rape people , it ’s much more fun to draw caricatures of slutty women ’s libbers who confuse and arouse regular Joes through their “ cosmetic signals . ”
Do n’t many sexual attackers come through open windows late at night ?
Some do , but how would they gain entrance if common sense precautions were taken by the women alone ?
One woman was attacked in her third floor bedroom by a rapist who climbed up to her unscreened , open window , using a ladder from her own garage that had been left unlocked .
the only way she could have made it easier would have been to leave a key in the front door lock .
Translation : I think rape victims are both dumb and easy , but I have replaced “ vagina ” in this sentence with “ front door lock ” in order to protect the delicate sensibilities of the Sarasota Herald - Tribune readership .
The “ new morality ” and deepening convictions about women ’s liberation have without doubt done much to increase the frequency of forcible rape .
Translation : Women cause rape !
Law enforcement is in agreement with women having equal rights , but we dislike seeing women place themselves in situations of high vulnerability to criminal attack , when setting out to prove they are equal .
Translation : Law enforcement officers agree that women should have the right to cause rapists to rape them .
Some common sense rules for preventing sexual attack are worthy of every woman ’s consideration : – Dress for the occasion or social situation you anticipate .
Translation : Carefully plan your “ cosmetic signals ” to not scream “ rape me ! ”
– Do n’t be ‘ too nice ’ to strangers , at your door or at social gatherings when knowing you will leave alone .
Translation :
Be a bitch !
Then read my follow - up column , “ Why Go To A Party When You ’re Just Going to Be A Goddamned Bitch to Everyone ? ”
– Avoid flirtations , unless ready for any eventuality .
Translation : Never flirt with olde - tyme Venice , Fla. police chief Robert Ferry .
– If you live alone , list only your initials in phone directories and on mail boxes .
Translation :
Do n’t be a woman !
If you are a woman , do n’t let anyone know that you are a woman !
In this listing , it is not the author ’s intention to oversimplify by presenting only the most obvious .
However , since a large percentage of sexual attacks against women involve a seeming disregard of the most common methods of prevention , it was felt utilization of limited space in this manner would hold the most potential value for all readers .
Translation : I am finally wrapping this up now , you dumb sluts .
It may come as a surprise to some that forcible rape , especially where juveniles are the victim , is all too often committed by a close family friend or relative .
Baseless trust in all people known to you should not be awarded automatically , on the grounds that “ nothing has ever happened before . ”
This particularly where children are concerned .
Translation : Even if you never wear makeup , go by your initials , avoid parties , never flirt , do n’t take the bus , cover your body adequately , and lock your vagina , you may be raped by a close family friend or relative .
This is also your fault , even if you are a child .
—-
So .
The victim - blaming “ tips ” I hear in 2010 — - all those helpful crime prevention strategies presented as “ common sense ” for women to follow in order to avoid rape nowadays — - do n’t explicitly blame equality between the sexed for rape .
But 33 years later , the solution for reducing sexual assaults against women has n’t changed :
Tell them to stop moving about the world freely , and then blame them when they do .
I did not see this coming when the Supreme Court ruled on the ENRON case a few days ago .
As many remember , the conviction of Don Siegelman seemed deeply political .
Siegelman , a popular Democratic governor , was convicted in 2006 of selling a seat on an Alabama hospital regulatory board for $ 500,000 to former HealthSouth CEO Richard Scrushy , by way of donations to a 1999 Siegelman sponsored state lottery campaign , for which Siegelman received no profit and no campaign financing .
Mr. Siegelman was tried and sentenced ( despite faulty instructions to the jurors ) to more than seven years in prison and has been free on appeal bond since June 2008 .
In March 2009 , the Eleventh Circuit upheld bribery , conspiracy and obstruction of justice charges against Siegelman and refused a request for a new trial .
Today 's decision will return the case to the Eleventh Circuit .
US NAVY commandos sank a South Korean warship in March in order to blame North Korea , raise tensions and convince Japan to keep US forces in Okinawa , Fidel Castro has claimed .
The former Cuban president , who based his information on press reports , blasted Washington 's " cynicism " and " lack of scruples " in the incident in a newspaper editorial .
According to Mr Castro , US Navy SEALS torpedoed South Korea 's Cheonan corvette in a bid by Washington to sway Japan to allow a US military base to remain on Okinawa island .
Mr Castro , 83 and convalescing away from government since 2006 , writes regular columns for Cuban media commenting on world events .
A multinational investigation last month concluded that a North Korean submarine torpedoed the South Korean warship on March 26 , killing 46 people on board .
Yukio Hatoyama resigned as Japan 's Prime Minister this week amid a row over an unpopular US Marine Corps airbase on Okinawa , having failed to fulfill a campaign promise to close the military facility .
Mr Castro said rising tensions on the Korean peninsula were among the causes for Hatoyama 's resignation .
" Political leaders and world opinion have proof of the cynicism and lack of scruples that characterises US imperial policy , " he wrote .
" Thus , in a surprisingly easy manner , the United States managed to solve an important problem : to liquidate the national unity government of Yukio Hatoyama 's Democratic Party of Japan . "
He noted that Washington 's alleged hand in the Cheonan ship came at a high price , having " deeply offended its South Korea allies " .
The former Cuban leader also hailed fellow communist Kim Jong
Il , who has rejected any responsibility in the incident , and highlighted China 's muted response to the conflict .
The Asian giant has resisted pressure to condemn North Korea and has called for efforts to ease regional tensions .
Originally published as Castro claims US sank South Korean ship
1 of 2 2 of 2
Neither thugs nor criminals lurk behind the masks of black bloc protesters , a renowned police psychologist suggests .
Rather , what Mike Webster sees are “ very thoughtful people ” , an assessment that former Vancouver police inspector Dave Jones strongly disagrees with , likening them instead to thrill seekers .
“ The vast majority of people in that crowd are not bad people , ” Webster told the Georgia Straight in a phone interview , referring to the black - clad activists who smashed windows and torched police cars in downtown Toronto on June 26 during a protest against the G8 and G20 summits .
“ They ’ve got the same kind of values that most of the rest of us have .
If they did n’t , they ’d be in jail , locked up in jail for murder . ”
A B.C. –based crisis - management expert who has consulted with the RCMP , the FBI , and many other police forces inside and outside of Canada , Webster went as far as arguing that black bloc activists are n’t much different from “ well - socialized young individuals ” who go off to fight a war believing it ’s an honourable thing to do .
Webster ’s more than 30 years of experience includes serving as a consultant with law - enforcement agencies during high - profile events like the Waco , Texas , showdown in 1993 , the 1995 standoff with First Nations people at Gustafsen Lake , and the 2002 G8 summit in Kananaskis , Alberta .
Webster said that one of the most important things to remember about crowd psychology is that most human beings develop a set of values that is generally consistent with that of the larger society .
However , he maintained that these morals “ do n’t run automatically all the time ” , and that “ human beings have mechanisms of moral disengagement that they use to turn off their morals and their ethics in certain situations . ”
The psychologist suggested this is n’t different from soldiers going into combat .
“ If I can find a moral justification for my behaviour now , I can turn something that was previously illegal into something that is honourable , ” he said .
“ The military does this all the time .
They take well - socialized young individuals , take them to war , and they can kill the enemy with very little compunction . ”
Referring to the thinking of protesters who engage in black bloc tactics , Webster said , “ What they ’ve done is they ’ve instilled a moral justification .
” ˜ What I ’m doing is no longer bad .
It ’s good and I do this under a moral imperative now . ’
So there ’s one thing that I ’m sure was going on in some of those heads . ”
Another thing that goes on in the minds of these activists is what Webster describes as “ attribution ” .
“ I say you made me do it , ” Webster explained .
“ I ’ve got a legitimate complaint here .
There ’s a segment of our society that ’s being shortchanged in such and such a manner .
And nobody ’s willing to pay attention to them .
So you ’re making me do this . ”
The phenomenon of “ behavioural contagion ” also rises when people gather in crowds , he said .
According to him , this increases the potential for people to engage in acts they would n’t normally carry out , such as breaking store windows in the case of the black bloc rioters or stealing during mass lootings .
“ We de-individuate , ” Webster said .
“ That is , we have a lowered self - awareness .
We get lost in this crowd , all this noise , all this activity , all this yelling , all this smoke , all this adrenaline , all this danger .
We kind of lose our self - identity . ”
A retired 30 - year veteran of the Vancouver Police Department , Jones has his share of crowd - control experience .
In 1998 , he was the commanding officer of the antiriot squad that clashed with activists protesting the actions of then - prime minister Jean Chrétien in what became known as the “ Riot at the Hyatt ” .
For Jones , Black Bloc protesters are people who do “ dirty work ” for fun on behalf of their “ more sophisticated ” leaders .
“ I think what ’s going on is that there ’s a lot of people now that treat these events as destination adventure holidays , ” Jones told the Straight in a phone interview .
But he noted that events like the June 26 Black Bloc rampage in Toronto , the 1999 Battle of Seattle during a World Trade Organization conference , and the 2001 protests at the third Summit of the Americas in Quebec City raise a dilemma for governments .
“ Do you simply say , ” ˜Okay , we surrender .
We ca n’t have these things in major cities because of what are essentially a couple of hundred people ’ ? ”
Jones asked .
“ Or do you say , ” ˜We ’ll just go ahead . ’ ? ”
Jones said he has heard many people suggest holding conferences like that of the G20 leaders onboard aircraft carriers .
He prefers out - of - the - way locations like Kananaskis .
Regarding the latter location , Jones noted that security costs for the 2002 G8 summit were between $ 500 million and $ 1 billion , the larger figure being about the same amount spent on security in Toronto .
“ It does n’t matter where you do it or how , ” Jones said .
“ There ’s going to be security costs . ”
Bye - bye , indeed , Miss American Pie .
If General Motors has its way , you wo n’t be driving your Chevy to the levee ever again .
On Tuesday , G.M. sent a memo to Chevrolet employees at its Detroit headquarters , promoting the importance of “ consistency ” for the brand , which was the nation ’s best - selling line of cars and trucks for more than half a century after World War II .
And one way to present a consistent brand message , the memo suggested , is to stop saying “ Chevy , ” though the word is one of the world ’s best - known , longest - lived product nicknames .
“ We ’d ask that whether you ’re talking to a dealer , reviewing dealer advertising , or speaking with friends and family , that you communicate our brand as Chevrolet moving forward , ” said the memo , which was signed by Alan Batey , vice president for Chevrolet sales and service , and Jim Campbell , the G.M. division ’s vice president for marketing .
Compensation fund aims to help ' small people ' while blocking the fraudsters , but it is the lawyers who will benefit most
The Mimosa Dancing Girls strip joint on the edge of New Orleans was probably not what BP chairman Carl - Henric Svanberg had in mind when he promised last week that the company would look after the " small people " affected by the Gulf oil spill .
But then every day seems to be full of unpleasant surprises for BP .
The Mimosa 's owners have just filed a claim for compensation because the fishermen who make up their clientele can no longer afford to frequent the club .
BP says that most of the 1,500 claims it is handling across the Gulf each day are from those involved in the fishing industry , unable to work because of the fishing ban .
But at BP 's New Orleans claims centre , officials say that fishermen no longer make up the bulk of the claimants they see .
As well as strip - joint owners , in recent days restaurant waitresses , dock workers , plumbers and electricians have all been through the door .
Like the gloops of brown oil that are spreading across the Gulf of Mexico , the economic ripple effects of the disaster are widening .
Tourism and the fishing industry are big earners in the region and have been severely hit , but so too have all the other workers who make a living from their custom .
Last week BP , under pressure from the White House , agreed to set up a $ 20bn independently administered fund to pay for the clean - up and meet compensation claims .
Lawyers say that $ 20bn will not be enough , and this weekend Kenneth Feinberg , the man appointed by US President Barack Obama to run it , warned BP that it would have to pay out more if necessary .
The pressure increased still further after one of BP 's partners on the ill - fated drilling operation which caused the disaster accused the company of " gross negligence " .
Anadarko said that financial responsibility to meet compensation claims lay squarely with BP .
Feinberg is set to take control of the 33 claims centres BP administers around the Gulf .
The size and number of the payouts will almost certainly increase as a result .
Frustration is mounting over BP 's efforts to date .
It only increased yesterday after BP confirmed that its chief executive , Tony Hayward , spent the first weekend after his testimony to Congress watching a yacht race at the Isle of Wight .
As the public vented their anger on Twitter and Facebook , a BP spokesman defended Hayward , saying he took a break from overseeing efforts to stem the oil spill so he could watch his 52 - foot yacht " Bob " take part .
" He 's spending a few hours with his family at a weekend .
I 'm sure that everyone would understand that , " he added .
A report from a US House of Representatives committee estimated that , as of Tuesday last week , BP had paid just $ 71 m out of an estimated $ 600 m in outstanding compensation demands .
BP says that it has not refused any claim where the right documentation is provided .
Darryl Willis , BP 's head of the claims operation for the Gulf of Mexico , admitted to the Observer that about 7,000 applications – half those currently in the system – have been suspended until claimants can come up with documents which prove that the Gulf spill has affected their livelihoods .
Many of the fishermen are poor Vietnamese , who speak no English , and are paid cash in hand .
Willis says BP is flexible in seeking proof of loss of income , for example asking for receipts for the fish they have sold in the past instead of insisting on payslips they do n't have .
He added that claims centres are " biased " towards paying out claims rather than withholding payment .
But in the reception of the New Orleans centre , a sign – also translated into Vietnamese – has a stark message for those queuing up : " BP 's policy is no fraud ! "
Boat captains in particular have criticised BP for scrimping .
Typically they bring in $ 20,000 a month at this time of year , but last month only received $ 5,000 compensation cheques for not being able to fish because of the Gulf ban .
In some cases BP has agreed to bolster this , but only by as much as $ 2,000 , Willis said .
Willis said that there were 35 different categories of claimant , mostly associated with the fishing industry .
" The further removed you are from the fishing industry , this will take more work to substantiate , " he admitted .
He cites the example of a gardener in Alabama who received a payout because most of his customers are fishermen who have time to tend to their gardens themselves now they are n't working .
Local attorney Camilo K Salas III said that many people were turning to lawyers to pursue their claims where BP had asked for documentation that is impossible to present .
Taxi drivers in New Orleans have clubbed together to hire an attorney to pursue damages against BP for lost earnings .
Their attorney wants to wait a few months to see if tourism numbers fall further , so he can file a bigger claim for damages .
Lawyers seem to be the biggest beneficiaries of the disaster and are pouring into places like New Orleans to pick up work .
Getting a claims process up and running so soon after the accident inevitably led to mistakes .
In New Orleans , BP originally based its centre in the offices of a local Vietnamese community group .
But this alienated another Vietnamese faction , who refused to show up , and BP moved its centre .
Back at the new centre on Michoud Boulevard , one of the BP officials said that a lot of the claimants were very emotional .
Remaining compassionate can be difficult , he admitted .
" We 're conscious that after a while you become anaesthetised to the plight of people . "
White House Wonder Twins Blocking Fed Audit
The “ Wonder Twins ” referred to in this video are Treasury secretary , Tim Geithner , and White House Chief of Staff , Rahm Emanuel .
The video has an interesting point about what might happen if the Audit the Fed bill passes .
This clip points out there is bipartisan support for the bill in the house and the senate , and yet the White House is opposed .
The White House is trying to prevent change and hope and accountability and transparency .
If they lose , and we accidentally get change–sorry Obama–through the senate and the house .
Well , then Obama is going to have a very interesting decision to make .
Is he going to veto financial reform to protect the Fed and Wall Street ?
Well if he does that , then it ’s game over .
There is no way that anybody in the country can pretend that Obama is for actual change .
The video fails to mention the person who has been working on this issue for thirty years .
The person behind this bipartisan bill to bring change , hope , accountability and transparency is Ron Paul .
Man , this whole Oil Spill thing is such a downer .
If only someone could help us see the brilliant rainbow in the inky black slick .
CNN to the rescue !
Today they have found the ' good side ' of the Oil Spill !
CNN may or may not have posted a request on Help a Reporter Out — the message board for lazy reporters seeking lazy flacks — asking about any " good side " of the oil spill .
Either way , they found the silver lining :
This one random guy in Florida is in a good mood .
Meet Floridian Gary Hites .
Hites is very optimistic about the oil spill , even though it 's ruining his boat touring business .
Why ?
He says ,
I see people working this oil spill that have never worked a day in their life .
I think the US can benefit from this in the long run .
Sorry , Gary , that 's not a sign that the oil spill is good .
That is a sign that the economy is so fucked that the best job creator these days is not GM or Microsoft , but a broken pipe gushing thousands of gallons of oil into the ocean .
And , trust us , you do not want to see the oil spill 's complimentary employee day care .
Reporter Tom Foreman is also optimistic !
He says :
Sure the fear of oil has cut charter fishing reservations .
But it has filled hotels and restaurants with disaster response workers .
And CNN reporters , who are awesome people !
So , yeah , the oil spill 's pretty much a wash , right ?
Oh , except do you know why the oil has " cut charter fishing reservations ? "
Because it 's killed all the fish .
This is like if Walter Cronkite had been reporting on Vietnam and been like , " It 's true that napalm attacks have devastated Vietnam 's beloved riverboat cruise industry .
But they have also cleared thousands of acres of jungle on which the Vietnamese can someday build soccer fields . "
And the final silver lining of the oil spill :
You get to prepare for the terrible oil spill !
Folks like Gary believe building up these gulf communities even as their neighbors struggle is critical , because that may help the entire region come back whenever the oil finally goes away .
Oil spill : looking good .
After all , how will the gulf region ever have a chance to experience a dramatic rebound from utter environmental and economic destruction unless the environment and economy has been utterly destroyed ?
( Via Kevin Zimmerman )
You do n’t really care for music , do you ?
That ’s the question put to a brokenhearted lover in the first verse of Leonard Cohen ’s “ Hallelujah . ”
This week , on the occasion of another American Idol season finale , it ’s a fitting question for the show itself .
“ Hallelujah ” has been performed on television ’s most - watched show four times in the last few seasons , which is but part of the song ’s recent surge in popularity .
In 2008 , it was turned into a hit single in the United Kingdom by Alexandra Burke , the winner of The X Factor ( another reality show produced by Idol - creator Simon Cowell ) .
Versions of the song have been used in everything from Shrek to episodes of The West Wing and The OC .
But it was not until last week ’s much - ballyhooed performance by “ American Idol ” finalist Lee DeWyze that it became clear just how much the show is managing to corrupt Cohen ’s complicated song .
“ Hallelujah ” makes ironic use of its title ( which means something like “ praise Yahweh ” ) as it converges a remembrance of lost love with two biblical accounts of powerful men , David and Samson , who were chosen by God and felled by sex .
Like its biblical source material , “ Hallelujah ” has had many authors and many versions .
Cohen recorded the song in 1984 , then sang various versions while on tour throughout the 1980s .
The Velvet Underground ’s John Cale revised and reproduced the song in 1991 , culling a canonical translation from reams of lyrics sent to him by Cohen , who had at one point written 80 full verses .
In 1994 , Jeff Buckley released the most fully realized version — more than anyone , Buckley merged the song ’s biblical irony with its sensuality .
His track , with its quiet but bold guitar work , is the one most recent renditions reference , including those on American Idol .
But those renditions manage to sing another “ Hallelujah ” entirely .
American Idol contestants sing only the first and third verses of Cale ’s version — a compression that is necessary for TV time but that is also thematically selective .
Those verses contain key lines : “ Well I heard there was a secret chord / That David played and it pleased the Lord / But you do n’t really care for music , do you ? ”
And : “ I ’ve seen your flag on the marble arch / But love is not a victory march /
It ’s a cold and it ’s a broken hallelujah . ”
But taken out of context , these lines do n’t manage to make any sense .
Leaving aside the fact that the “ cold ” and “ broken hallelujah , ” as DeWyze sang it last week , was actually a soaring , full - throated roar , what ’s almost entirely lost in American Idol covers of the song are the two qualities Cale and Buckley highlighted : specific biblical imagery and intense sexuality .
Those qualities are anchored in the song ’s second , fourth , and fifth verses .
King David ’s lust and bathing - beauty affair are merged with a reference to Delilah ’s cutting of Samon ’s hair .
Sexual ecstasies — recalled with pain and longing — are compared to the ministry of the Holy Spirit .
Finally , the frustration of lost love is framed by a crisis of faith : “ Maybe there ’s a God above / But all I ’ve ever learned from love / Was how to shoot at somebody who outdrew you . ”
As rock songs go , “ Hallelujah ” is rather long ( even in its condensed Cale version ) , and these verses work largely because they take their time , building on one another gradually around a chorus that offers a haunting repetition of the song ’s titular term .
“ Hallelujah ” is not , as DeWyze conceived it on American Idol , a shout of praise .
It is too confused to shout , too self - concerned to praise .
Cohen ’s song is disturbing stuff .
The Buckley version always leaves me reflective and bothered , if aesthetically uplifted .
“ Hallelujah ” manages to be a psalm , a lament , and a paean to romantic ecstasy all at once .
And like Psalms , Lamentations , and Song of Songs , it manages to do so while drawing on the rich and messy personal histories of the Bible ’s most notables .
That ’s the hard - fought lyrical production that has sustained the song , and that will — of course — make it outlast Idol .
( Who won last season , again ? )
In the meantime , the widely viewed iterations of “ Hallelujah ” on “ Idol ” are turning the song into a confused gospel ballad , one that rushes to the chorus ’ repetition of “ hallelujah ” without having earned the crushing irony that the word , in Cohen ’s reckoning , is intended to produce .
Simon Cowell says he asked DeWyze to perform “ Hallelujah ” last week because he loves the song , and I ’m sure he does .
( He does not own publishing rights , as had been rumored . )
I suppose it ’s too much to ask that he ’d respect the song , too .
Of course , Idol is all about singers and their voices , and not so much about the actual songs they sing .
That ’s what makes the “ Hallelujah ” phenomenon so strange — on Idol , the song is rising in popularity in spite of its way with words .
But , again , that rise is made possible by concisions that re-create Cohen ’s song and reject its unique lyrical content .
Lee DeWyze has pipes , and he has soul , and his cover of Cohen last week did n’t do any damage to his chances of winning the competition .
I just hope it buys him the opportunity , someday soon , to sit in a studio and make sense of the song .
Interoperability @ Microsoft
2/7/2020
8 minutes to read
In this article
Covering interoperability scenarios , the technologies enabling them and the community at large , by Microsoft Open Technologies , Inc .
Microsoft Open Technologies , Inc. ( MS Open Tech ) , has released a new update to the Azure Toolkit for ...
Author : Brian Benz Date : 08/14/2014
Excitement is in the air for the MongoDB community and Microsoft Open Technologies , Inc. this week ...
Author : Brian Benz Date : 06/24/2014
Microsoft Open Technologies , Inc. ( MS Open Tech ) , has released a minor June update to the Azure ...
Author : Brian Benz Date : 06/23/2014
Outside , the Houston weather for the opening day of TechEd 2014 is a little gloomy , but inside the ...
Author : Brian Benz Date : 05/12/2014
Today at TechEd US , Microsoft announced the preview release of Visual Studio tooling support for ...
Author : Olivier Bloch Date : 05/12/2014
Microsoft Open Technologies is publishing the new open source WebSQL plugin for Apache Cordova and ...
Author : Olivier Bloch Date : 05/05/2014
Microsoft Open Technologies , Inc. , is pleased to announce that the recently released Java Developer ...
Author : Brian Benz Date : 05/02/2014
The Advanced Message Queuing Protocol ( AMQP ) v1.0 has been approved as an International Standard by ...
Author : Brian Benz Date : 05/01/2014
Cocos2D -x is a great open source C++ cross -platform gaming engine for building games for mobile ...
Author : Olivier Bloch Date : 05/01/2014
Spring is in the air , and as we celebrate these longer days and warmer air and sprinkles of sunshine ...
Author : Brian Benz Date : 04/25/2014
As many of you know , MongoLab is an easy to use , rock - solid , free MongoDB - as - a - Service offering ...
Author : Brian Benz Date : 04/22/2014
Good news for WordPress developers and webmasters !
Microsoft Open Technologies , Inc. has ...
Author : Brian Benz Date : 04/10/2014
Microsoft Open Technologies , Inc. , has now published the Azure Toolkit for Eclipse ( by Microsoft ...
Author : Brian Benz Date : 04/07/2014
Ram Jeyaraman , co-Chair of the OASIS OData Technical Committee , and Senior Standards Professional , ...
Author : Brian Benz Date : 03/17/2014
In January of last year , Microsoft Open Technologies , Inc. ( MS Open Tech ) launched VM Depot- a ...
Author : Ross Gardler Date : 03/14/2014
Corona SDK , the popular mobile 2D platform made by Corona Labs , now offers closed beta support for ...
Author : Olivier Bloch Date : 03/13/2014
Microsoft Open Technologies , Inc , is pleased to share the news that select Oracle Software is now ...
Author : Brian Benz Date : 03/13/2014
Our code providing Hyper - V support to Vagrant has been included in the latest Vagrant 1.5 release , ...
Author : Ross Gardler Date : 03/11/2014
For users of VM Depot , our repository of community managed Virtual Machines for Azure , we have added ...
Author : Ross Gardler Date : 03/10/2014
Chef is an open source DevOps tool built to address hard IT infrastructure challenges .
The team at ...
Author : Ross Gardler Date : 03/07/2014
Today , Microsoft Open Technologies is releasing a SignalR software development kit for Android / Java ...
Author : Olivier Bloch Date : 03/06/2014
The newest release of Kinect Common Bridge makes it even easier to track faces and recognize speech ...
Author : Adalberto Foresti [ MS OPEN TECH ]
Date : 02/25/2014
MS Open Technologies Inc. ( MS Open Tech ) has released code for Vagrant that brings initial Hyper - V ...
Author : Ross Gardler Date : 02/24/2014
Open Data Day Events around the world !
Here at Microsoft Open Technologies , Inc. we have a lot of ...
Author : Brian Benz Date : 02/20/2014
Microsoft Open Technologies , Inc. , has released the February preview of the Windows Azure Toolkit ...
Author : Brian Benz Date : 02/10/2014
We have great news for Java developers planning to deploy the latest Azul Zulu OpenJDK v1.7 package ...
Author : Brian Benz Date : 02/07/2014
Microsoft Open Technologies has released an interesting Portable Class Library for SQLite , offering ...
Author : Olivier Bloch Date : 02/03/2014
As stated in the Blink 2014 goals , the Blink team considers Pointer Events as one of their ...
Author : Adalberto Foresti [ MS OPEN TECH ]
Date : 01/30/2014
Today I ’m happy to report that Microsoft Open Technologies is expanding its presence to China with a ...
Author : gianugo Date : 01/16/2014
Microsoft Open Technologies , Inc. welcomes the news that the Media Source Extensions ( MSE ) ...
Author : Ross Gardler Date : 01/09/2014
We are proud to announce the release of Tx ( LINQ to Logs and Traces ) , an open source project to help ...
Author : Ross Gardler Date : 01/06/2014
Poor quality streaming video solutions resulted in an estimated $ 2.16 Billion of lost revenue in ...
Author : Ross Gardler Date : 01/03/2014
Microsoft Open Technologies is working with the ANGLE Project community to enable ANGLE in Windows ...
Author : Adalberto Foresti [ MS OPEN TECH ]
Date : 12/20/2013
Microsoft Open Technologies , Inc. ( MS Open Tech ) is pleased to announce that the release of a new ...
Author : Ross Gardler Date : 12/11/2013
From the Rx team , Claudio Caldato , Principal Program Manager Lead , MS Open Tech Snesha Foss , Senior ...
Author : Brian Benz Date : 12/11/2013
From the Rx team : Claudio Caldato , Principal Program Manager Lead , MS Open Tech Snesha Foss , Senior ...
Author : Brian Benz Date : 12/05/2013
More news for our Linux friends deploying virtual machines to the cloud .
Today at Microsoft Open ...
Author : Eduard Koller Date : 12/03/2013
From Ram Jeyaraman , Senior Standards Professional , Microsoft Open Technologies , Inc. and co-Chair of ...
Author : Brian Benz Date : 11/21/2013
From the ActorFx team : Claudio Caldato , Principal Program Manager Lead , Microsoft Open Technologies , ...
Author : Brian Benz Date : 11/14/2013
Microsoft Open Technologies , Inc. ’s
Hub engineering program continues to be a great place for ...
Author : Brian Benz Date : 11/14/2013
Microsoft Open Technologies , Inc. is pleased to share the news of a new version of Katana – Katana ...
Author : Brian Benz Date : 10/23/2013
Today , at the HTML5 Developers Conference , Microsoft demonstrated a build of Mozilla Firefox ...
Author : Adalberto Foresti [ MS OPEN TECH ]
Date : 10/22/2013
Microsoft Open Technologies , Inc. , has released the October preview of the Windows Azure Plugin for ...
Author : Brian Benz Date : 10/22/2013
Today , Microsoft submitted a new proposal to the W3C – “ CSS Scrolling Snap ...
Author : Adalberto Foresti [ MS OPEN TECH ]
Date : 10/22/2013
Microsoft Open Technologies , Inc. , Jaspersoft and MongoDB have teamed up to deliver a webinar on ...
Author : Brian Benz Date : 10/14/2013
Want to control your 3D model animation with your body , Minority Report style ?
We ’ve got you ...
Author : Olivier Bloch Date : 10/14/2013
Using ( or planning to use ) Cocos2D - X to build mobile cross platform games in C ++?
You will certainly ...
Author : Olivier Bloch Date : 09/30/2013
The MS Open Tech team has been working with the Node.js community for more than two years to deliver ...
Author : Doug Mahugh Date : 09/26/2013
Today I ’m happy to report the news that our Microsoft Open Technologies , Inc. , ( MS Open Tech ) ...
Author : gianugo Date : 09/25/2013
Busy times at MS Open Tech !
Today we ’d like to share with the Azure community a sneak peek at ...
Author : Eduard Koller Date : 09/19/2013
Next >
Police chiefs from 10 major U.S. cities , including Phoenix and Tucson , Ariz. , expressed strong disapproval of Arizona ’s anti-immigrant law today , May 26 in a meeting with US Attorney General Eric Holder .
After the meeting , on a teleconference with reporters hosted by the Police Executive Research Forum , the police chiefs explained they told Attorney General Holder that Arizona ’s immigration law ( known as SB 1070 ) will drive a “ wedge between police and the communities they serve . ”
Tucson Chief of Police Roberto Villaseñor discussed what he told Holder .
“ We have all expressed concern that this will cause a divide between our communities and our agencies , ” he said .
Recent declines in crime , Villaseñor explained , have resulted from hard - won close relations between the community and the police .
Police are more successful in protecting communities from crime when they have good communication and close ties to the people they protect .
When those relations are disrupted , as SB 1070 will cause , policing becomes far more difficult .
“ What we feel will happen with this legislation is it will put a level of mistrust and will break down the relationships we have worked so hard to establish over the last several years , ” he said .
“ We ’re concerned that it will increase crime as opposed to reduce crime , ” the 30 - year Tucson police veteran added .
If people believe that they or a loved one may be deported if they report a crime to the police , they may not come forward to report crimes .
Because of this , LAPD Chief Charlie Beck explained , a law like SB 1070 would be “ dangerous . ”
“ It inhibits people from coming forward as victims .
It inhibits people not only coming forward as a witness but also testifying and going through the extensive process that is required in the legal system , ” he said .
“ The primary job of law enforcement is not the enforcement of immigration status , ” Beck stated .
“ The primary job of law enforcement is to protect the public and to keep us free from crime .
This bill does not do that . ”
If people are afraid to come forward , crimes will go unsolved and “ we ’re doomed to failure , ” Beck explained .
Arizona Association Chiefs of Police President John Harris pointed out the law wo n’t change the immigration issue .
“ ( SB 1070 ) when it goes into effect , it still will have not the impact that we want to have on the border . ”
Echoing this statement , Philadelphia Police Commissioner Charles Ramsey noted that forcing police to divert resources to immigration enforcement will not improve border control as claimed by supporters of SB 1070 .
“ It will not stop the flow of illegal immigrants across our borders , ” he predicted .
“ It will only strain relationships . ”
San Jose Chief of Police Ron Davis said the police understand people ’s “ frustration ” with the broken immigration system .
He added , however , that local law enforcement agencies should not be handed immigration enforcement as a top priority .
In addition to driving a “ wedge ” between the police and the communities they protect , local law enforcement agencies do n’t have the resources to enforce federal laws .
“ It ’s a matter of resources , and its a matter of trying to figure out what our priorities are , ” he noted .
Major city police chiefs have agreed on this point for many years , Davis added .
Chief Harris stated , “ Immigration is a serious issue .
It ’s a federal responsibility to resolve those problems . ”
“ The immigration system is broken right now , and it it needs to be fixed .
But it needs to be fixed at a federal level not a local law enforcement level , ” Villase ñor remarked .
Much of what drove the demand to pass a harsh immigration law in Arizona came from people who expressed concerns about illegal immigration and crime .
LAPD Chief
Beck pointed out that this notion was mistaken .
“ Crime is not on the rise in Arizona or anywhere else , ” he said .
Salt Lake City Chief of Police Chris Burbank described SB 1070 as “ counter - productive ” and added , “ Our Latino population , and even the undocumented Latino population are not committing crimes at a higher rate . ”
The law would force the police to divert attention from the “ criminal element ” to a “ civil enforcement role ” which the police should not do .
He described political pressure placed on local police agencies to enforce immigration law as “ fear mongering . ”
Police Executive Research Forum Executive Director Chuck Wexler told reporters that Attorney General Holder asked tough questions to seek the advice of the police chiefs with whom he met , and added that he committed to studying the issue carefully .
Photo : pamhule , courtesy Flickr , cc by 2.0
Another right - wing attack on Kagan is a bust
Looks like another attack on Elena Kagan making the rounds on the right may prove to be a bust .
The latest : Conservative writers are upset because Kagan offered kind words of praise for a retired Israeli judge who is one of the most forthright advocates of judicial activism in the world .
The only problem with this attack line :
This judge also received equally effusive praise from a Supreme Court justice who was appointed by a president named Ronald Reagan and goes by the name Antonin Scalia .
The retired Israeli judge in question is Aharon Barak , who is widely derided in conservative legal circles because of his aggressive efforts to advance liberal causes .
He interpreted Israeli laws as forbidding discrimination against gays and Arab citizens and offered opinions that formed the basis for laws compelling the government to alleviate poverty -- supposedly a usurpation of the powers of elected officials .
Kagan praised Barak in 2006 as " my judicial hero " and " the judge who has best advanced democracy , human rights , the rule of law , and justice . "
This , naturally , has conservatives sounding the alarm about Kagan 's intentions , and Republican Senators are expected to aggressively quiz Kagan at her hearings as to whether she shares Barak 's taste for judicial activism .
But it turns out Scalia offered equally effusive prase for Barak at a 2007 ceremony honoring him , according to The Jewish Daily Forward .
At that event , the Forward reported , Scalia acknowledged his disagreements with Barak , but affirmed " a profound respect for the man , one that trumped their fundamental philosophical , legal and constitutional disagreements . "
The point is that general praise does n't signal automatic lockstep agreement .
This latest attack line , at bottom , reflects the dilemma of Kagan 's opponents :
There 's little to go on to gauge her actual views .
So any bit of praise she offered for a judge who conservatives disagree with becomes grist to attack her -- even if the praise is boilerplate .
This one seems likely to gain as much traction as the attack on Kagan for praising Thurgood Marshall did .
David R. Kotok , Cumberland Advisors
May 8 , 2010
America ’s stock market turmoil scared the “ H ” out of everybody this week .
Part of it was a serious 8 % ( so far ) correction which was long overdue .
Markets do not go up or down in straight lines .
This one has been in a strong uptrend since the March 9 , 2009 bottom .
The market ’s correction started from an interim top on April 26 .
In the midst of this correction we witnessed a 1000 - point drop of the Dow .
Most of it occurred in 15 minutes in the middle of Thursday afternoon .
The subsequent 600 - point 15 minute reversal only complicated investor ’s perceptions .
This bizarre market behavior leaves them quite unsure of the future .
American ’s confidence in Wall Street was already low .
It is now eroded even more than before .
Thursday ’s drama comes on the heels of the last three years of financial - system failure in the United States .
It piles on the sequence of Countrywide and WAMU , Lehman , Fannie , Madoff , Goldman , etc. Ugh !
What a blotch on American history !
In Thursday ’s sell - off we saw transactions that made no sense .
I personally witnessed the trading in an ETF that is composed of an equal - weighted basket of the 500 stocks in the S&P index .
The symbol is RSP .
It traded from 40 dollars a share down to 10 in a straight line .
Of course that price was not due to any accurate valuation ; it was an error .
It was driven by electronic interfaces and did not involve humans .
It was later rescinded .
The New York Stock Exchange invoked a procedure called the “ Clearly Erroneous Execution Rule . ”
It permits the exchange to cancel trades of this type .
There is no appeal from their decision .
The NASDAQ canceled trades in 281 securities .
193 of them were ETFs , according to Matt Hougan of Index Universe .
Matt is a recognized expert on ETFs .
Let me be clear .
I do not want to single out Rydex and RSP .
Nearly all ETF sponsors had canceled trades .
For example : iShares , Wisdom Tree , SPDR , and Claymore were among the list of the 193 .
The key takeaway is that the arbitrage mechanism and creation unit system of the ETF process failed miserably for those investors who do not understand it .
This was a warning to ETF investors who use stops without thinking about them and who trade ETFs without comparing the price to an accurate estimate of the specific ETF ’s net asset value .
Simply put : if you do not know what you are doing , you are playing with fire and can get burned .
Many did on Thursday .
~~~
David R. Kotok , Chairman & Chief Investment Officer , Cumberland Advisors , www.cumber.com
Leads , sales , and top - line revenue are the lifeblood of any small business .
We can help you improve all three .
It wo n’t be easy .
It wo n’t be quick .
But over time , it will be one of the most important investments you ever make in your business .
As a small business , you can think of SEO kind of like fitness .
If you start every morning at the gym , you wo n’t see an effect that day .
You probably wo n’t see an effect that week .
You might start to see some changes happening a few weeks later .
Very slight .
A month later , still , not much .
Give it another month , and man , still very slight improvements .
You ’re now on month three , and you ’re starting to see a noticeable difference , but it ’s still pretty far away .
Fast forward to month 12 .
A full year of grinding away each morning at the gym .
You know you are better off than before , but it honestly does n’t feel like a whole lot has changed .
Until you log into Facebook , and it shows you a picture of yourself from a year ago .
You had n’t really noticed it , but over the last year you had completely transformed your body , little by little , and the difference are actually astounding .
That ’s how SEO works when you ’re a small business .
So , If you ’re in danger of going out of business or losing your home if you do n’t get results immediately , SEO is probably not a good fit for you right now .
However , if you ’re willing to invest in a long - term small business marketing strategy that ’s likely going to provide a 400 % ROI or better over the next 24 months , let ’s talk .
– Jeff Couret ( Founder , SEOak )
I was afraid of this .
Ohio Gov.
Ted Strickland is expanding state worker benefits to include significant others , but conservative , so - called family values organizations may work to stop this change .
“ There is no question they ’ve opened themselves up to a lawsuit , ” Phil Burress , a member of Cincinnati - based Citizens for Community Values , told the Dayton Daily News .
“ It ’s total disregard for the Ohio Constitution . ”
A 2004 amendment to the Ohio constitution , as decided by voters , banned not only gay marriage but it also barred the state and local governments from recognizing anything resembling gay marriage , like domestic partnerships .
At this time , CCV is unsure if it will fight the new policy , but given the organization ’s current track record , I bet they will .
On a lighter note , if you are a Cincinnatian and need a good laugh , check out CCV ’s analysis of Article XII , an amendment to Cincinnati ’s city charter banning any sort of legal protections for LGBT people .
From Canada !
It 's a handmade cloth coffee cup sleeve .
As a college student with way too many early classes , it 's the perfect gift !
And it has an awesome bike on it !
Came with a note from my gifter and a handy guide to all the names of the parts labeled on the bicycle .
Photo gallery : Gulf of Mexico oil spill »
LIVE FROM NEW ORLEANS
MOUTH OF THE MISSISSIPPI RIVER – Oil from a massive spill in the Gulf of Mexico was starting to ooze ashore , threatening migrating birds , nesting pelicans , river otters and mink along Louisiana 's fragile islands and barrier marshes .
Crews in boats were patrolling coastal marshes early Friday looking for areas where the oil has flowed in , the Coast Guard said .
Storms loomed that could push tide waters higher than normal through the weekend , the National Weather Service warned .
A top adviser to President Barack H. Obama said Friday that no new oil drilling would be authorized until authorities learn what caused the explosion of the rig Deepwater Horizon .
David Axelrod told ABC's " Good Morning America " that " no additional drilling has been authorized and none will until we find out what has happened here . "
Obama recently lifted a drilling moratorium for many offshore areas , including the Atlantic and Gulf areas .
The leak from a blown - out well a mile underwater is five times bigger than first believed .
Faint fingers of oily sheen were reaching the Mississippi River delta late Thursday , lapping the Louisiana shoreline in long , thin lines .
Thicker oil was about five miles offshore .
Officials have said they would do everything to keep the Mississippi River open to traffic .
Coast Guard Rear Adm. Sally Brice - O'Hara faced questions on all three network television morning shows Friday about whether the government has done enough to push oil company BP PLC to plug the underwater leak and protect the coast .
Brice - O'Hara said the federal response led by the Coast Guard has been rapid , sustained and has adapted as the threat grew since a drill rig exploded and sank last week , causing the sea floor spill .
The oil slick could become the nation 's worst environmental disaster in decades , threatening to eclipse even the Exxon Valdez in scope .
It imperils hundreds of species of fish , birds and other wildlife along the Gulf Coast , one of the world 's richest seafood grounds , teeming with shrimp , oysters and other marine life .
" It is of grave concern , " David Kennedy of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration , told The Associated Press about the spill .
" I am frightened .
This is a very , very big thing .
And the efforts that are going to be required to do anything about it , especially if it continues on , are just mind - boggling . "
Oil clumps seabirds ' feathers , leaving them without insulation – and when they preen , they swallow it .
Prolonged contact with the skin can cause burns , said Nils Warnock , a spill recovery supervisor with the California Oiled Wildlife Care Network at the University of California - Davis .
Oil swallowed by animals can cause anemia , hemorrhaging and other problems , said Jay Holcomb , executive director of the International Bird Rescue Research Center in California .
The spewing oil – about 210,000 gallons a day – comes from a well drilled by the rig Deepwater Horizon , which exploded in flames April 20 and sank two days later .
BP was operating the rig that was owned by Transocean Ltd .
The Coast Guard is working with BP to deploy floating booms , skimmers and chemical dispersants , and set controlled fires to burn the oil off the water 's surface .
Protective boom has been set out on Breton Island , where colonial species such as pelicans , gulls and skimmers nest , and at the sandy tips of the passes from the Mississippi River 's birdfoot delta , said Robert Love , a state wildlife official .
The leak from the ocean floor proved to be far bigger than initially reported , contributing to a growing sense among some in Louisiana that the government failed them again , just as it did during Hurricane Katrina in 2005 .
President Barack Obama dispatched Cabinet officials to deal with the crisis .
Cade Thomas , a fishing guide in Venice , worried that his livelihood will be destroyed .
He said he did not know whether to blame the Coast Guard , the government or BP .
" They lied to us .
They came out and said it was leaking 1,000 barrels when I think they knew it was more .
And they were n't proactive , " he said .
" As soon as it blew up , they should have started wrapping it with booms . "
BP shares continued falling early Friday .
Shares were down 2 percent in early trading on the London Stock Exchange , a day after dropping 7 percent in London .
In New York on Thursday , BP shares fell $ 4.78 to close at $ 52.56 , taking the fall in the company 's market value to about $ 25 billion since the explosion .
Government officials said the well 40 miles offshore is spewing about 5,000 barrels , or 200,000 gallons , a day into the gulf .
At that rate , the spill could eclipse the worst oil spill in U.S. history – the 11 million gallons that leaked from the grounded tanker Exxon Valdez in Alaska 's Prince William Sound in 1989 – in the three months it could take to drill a relief well and plug the gushing well 5,000 feet underwater on the sea floor .
Ultimately , the spill could grow much larger than the Valdez because Gulf of Mexico wells tap deposits that hold many times more oil than a single tanker .
The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service was focusing on national wildlife refuges on a chain of barrier islands .
" We 're trying to go for the ones where the pelicans are nesting right now , " said Tom McKenzie , the agency 's regional spokesman , adding that about 900 were on North Breton .
About 34,000 birds have been counted in the national refuges most at risk , McKenzie said .
Gulls , pelicans , roseate spoonbills , egrets , shore birds , terns and blue herons are in the path of the spill .
Mink and river otter also live in the delta and might eat oiled carcasses , Love said .
Bird rescuer Holcomb worked the Valdez disaster and was headed to Louisiana .
He said some birds may avoid the oil spill , but others wo n't .
BP has requested more resources from the Defense Department , especially underwater equipment that might be better than what is commercially available .
A BP executive said the corporation would " take help from anyone . "
That includes fishermen who could be hired to help deploy containment boom .
An emergency shrimping season was opened to allow shrimpers to scoop up their catch before it is fouled by oil .
This murky water and the oysters in it have provided a livelihood for three generations of Frank and Mitch Jurisich 's family in Empire , La .
Now , on the open water just beyond the marshes , they can smell the oil that threatens everything they know and love .
" Just smelling it , it puts more of a sense of urgency , a sense of fear , " Frank Jurisich said .
The brothers hope to get all the oysters they can sell before the oil washes ashore .
They filled more than 100 burlap sacks Thursday and stopped to eat some oysters .
" This might be our last day , " Mitch Jurisich said .
Without the fishing industry , Frank Jurisich said the family " would be lost .
This is who we are and what we do . "
Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal declared a state of emergency so officials could begin preparing for the oil 's impact .
He also asked the federal government if he could call up 6,000 National Guard troops to help .
In Buras , La. , where Hurricane Katrina made landfall in 2005 , the owner of the Black Velvet Oyster Bar & Grill could n't keep his eyes off the television .
News and weather shows were making projections that oil would soon inundate the coastal wetlands where his family has worked since the 1860s .
" A hurricane is like closing your bank account for a few days , but this here has the capacity to destroy our bank accounts , " said Byron Marinovitch , 47 .
" We 're really disgusted , " he added .
" We do n't believe anything coming out of BP 's mouth . "
Mike Brewer , 40 , who lost his oil spill response company in the devastation of Hurricane Katrina nearly five years ago , said the area was accustomed to the occasional minor spill .
But he feared the scale of the escaping oil was beyond the capacity of existing resources .
" You 're pumping out a massive amount of oil , " he said .
" There is no way to stop it . "
The Dallas Mavericks are expecting star forward Dirk Nowitzki to opt out of his contract late next month and become an unrestricted free agent July 1 , sources close to the situation told ESPN.com .
The Mavericks , though , continue to negotiate with Nowitzki on an extension in hopes of convincing him to preempt his free agency .
They remain confident the leading scorer in franchise history will stay with the only NBA team with which he 's played , even if Nowitzki winds up joining the most anticipated free - agent class in league history .
The sides have until the end of June to reach a deal to keep Nowitzki off the open market , but sources told ESPN.com this week that it 's more likely -- with free agency less than 40 days away -- the nine - time All - Star becomes an unrestricted free agent for the first time in his career .
" That would n't change our approach one bit , " Mavericks president of basketball operations Donnie Nelson told ESPN.com when asked about the prospect of Nowitzki exercising his opt - out clause .
" We 're going to do everything we possibly can to make sure Dirk is a Maverick for a long , long time , " Nelson added , describing team management as " hopeful , optimistic and expectant " about reaching terms with Nowitzki on a new deal .
Although the opt - out scenario would expose the Mavericks to the possibility of another team swooping in to sign him away , as seen in the summer of 2004 when the Phoenix Suns stunningly pilfered Steve Nash , numerous executives around the league remain doubtful that they can pry Nowitzki from the grasp of Mark Cuban , given the close bond they 've forged through Cuban 's 10 ½ - year reign .
" It 's impossible for us to imagine Dirk in any other uniform , " said Nelson , who was instrumental in the pre-Cuban maneuverings on draft day in 1998 that landed Nowitzki and Nash in Dallas in separate trades .
" I think his heart is in Dallas .
You learn to never say never in this business , but from our perspective we will be doing everything possible to keep him right here . "
Nowitzki , who left this week for his annual return to Europe , could not immediately be reached .
Cuban likewise could not be reached but insisted in a recent radio interview with KTCK - AM in Dallas he believes Nowitzki is n't " going anywhere . "
Even if his intention is to stay with the Mavericks as opposed to testing the market , Nowitzki has at least two contractual incentives to opt out and sign a new deal , as opposed to extending his current contract on top of his successful history with Cuban and the team 's intention to flank him with a major sign - and - trade acquisition .
Opting out to sign a new deal , for starters , would lock in terms based on the NBA 's current collective bargaining agreement through the life of the next contract .
Under the league 's current system , Nowitzki is eligible for a four - year maximum contract from Dallas worth $ 96.2 million once he opts out .
The most he could receive from another team is a four - year deal worth $ 93.1 million .
Signing a three - year extension to the last remaining season on his current contract , by contrast , would expose Nowitzki to potential after - the - fact reductions to his annual wage if league owners are successful in their attempts to lower the value of maximum salaries in the next collective bargaining agreement .
Players with max - salary extensions that start in 2011 , such as those signed earlier this season by Kobe Bryant and Pau Gasol of the Los Angeles Lakers , might be facing unforeseen rollbacks depending on how drastically salaries are reduced in a new CBA .
Dirk Nowitzki would join what is expected to be the best free - agent class in NBA history .
D.Clarke Evans / Getty Images
Another motivation for Nowitzki to opt out as opposed to signing an extension is the ability to secure a no - trade clause .
Only players with at least eight years of NBA service time and four seasons with the same team are eligible to have a no - trade clause , but such clauses can only be added to new deals .
NBA rules prevent major changes , such as adding a no - trade clause , to an existing contract or an extension , which is largely why Bryant possesses the league 's only active no - trade clause .
Bryant secured a no - trade provision when he became an unrestricted free agent in the summer of 2004 and received a seven - year , $ 136 million deal from the Lakers .
Yet most star players such as Nowitzki and Boston 's Paul Pierce -- who will also have to decide by the end of June whether to opt out if he does n't negotiate an extension -- sign extensions before they ever get to unrestricted free agency , denying them the opportunity to score a no - trade clause .
In a recent radio interview with KTCK - AM in Dallas , Cuban said : " Well , I can see the circumstances where he would opt out but not necessarily leave the franchise .
...
Dirk told me that if he can help the team get better , he would sign a different deal .
So we made the decision to see what was going to be out there and how things played out and work together . "
By " different deal , " it 's believed that Cuban was suggesting Nowitzki will consider signing for less than a max contract if he 's convinced that providing a discount will get him more roster help .
The implication is that any financial relief through reduced luxury - tax payments Cuban gains in that scenario would encourage him to continue pursuing expensive trades , such as the pricy midseason swap with the Washington Wizards that landed Caron Butler and Brendan Haywood .
Another round of roster retooling is expected in Dallas because that trade -- although initially hailed as a potential landscape - changer in the West -- could n't prevent the Mavericks from losing to longtime rival San Antonio in the first round , thus sparking fresh questions about the long - term potential of the Mavs ' aging roster beyond Nowitzki and promising guard Rodrigue Beaubois .
Nowitzki turns 32 in June , which brings the league 's over - 36 rule into play .
Because of that rule and Nowitzki's age , Dallas does not have the advantage of offering him a new contract that 's one year longer than rival teams can offer .
Cleveland 's LeBron James and Miami's Dwyane Wade , for example , are young enough to command six - year deals from their current clubs as opposed to the maximum five years that can be offered by other teams .
The Mavericks also know that Nowitzki would almost certainly command a four - year max contract from teams such as the New York Knicks and New Jersey Nets if he fielded pitches on the open market , since he would instantly become one of the most coveted free agents in the 2010 class along with James , Wade , Chris Bosh and Amare Stoudemire .
So Dallas must sell Nowitzki on its plan to stay in the West 's elite to get him to consent to any sort of discount .
If the sides unexpectedly reach terms on an extension before free agency , Nowitzki is only eligible to receive an additional three years tacked onto next season 's scheduled $ 21.5 million because of the over - 36 rule .
" I do n't think Dirk 's going anywhere , " Cuban said in his recent radio appearance .
" I said the same thing about [ Steve ] Nash , but I do n't think this is a similar situation .
" Dirk 's been with this team more than 10 years versus four or five when Steve left , so it 's a different situation .
And I think Dirk is as committed as I am to bringing a championship to the Mavericks . "
Re-signing Nowitzki is a must for the Mavericks on several levels .
Not only have they won 50 games for 10 consecutive seasons with Nowitzki as their focal point , becoming just the fourth franchise in NBA history to do so .
Nowitzki's presence is also central to Cuban 's planned offseason pursuit of an elite free agent .
Sources say Dallas has been planning for months to use Erick Dampier 's fully unguaranteed $ 13 million contract for next season and perhaps Butler or Haywood as trade chips in forthcoming sign - and - trade offers for free agents such as Cleveland 's James and Atlanta 's Joe Johnson , but attracting a player of that caliber rides on the prospect of teaming up with Nowitzki .
Although he has said many times winning a championship in another uniform would n't " feel right , " given his long association with the Mavericks , Nowitzki would not commit to a return after Dallas ' Game 6 loss to the Spurs .
In an interview the day after the defeat , Nowitzki reiterated finishing his career in Dallas " was always my plan " but insisted that " I just have to keep my options open at this point " after the disappointment of the Mavs ' third first - round exit in a span of four seasons .
The Mavericks privately acknowledge that Nowitzki , despite Dallas ' habit of carrying one of the league 's highest payrolls every season , needs more top - tier help to get the the team back to the Finals .
Like James throughout his Cleveland career , Nowitzki has n't played with a consistently All - Star caliber player since Nash 's departure in 2004 .
Even Nash 's peak was reached in Phoenix in his back - to - back MVP seasons in 2005 and 2006 , leaving Nowitzki to carry deep but otherwise starless rosters for the last six seasons .
Having seen the impact of Gasol 's arrival in Los Angeles on Bryant 's career and the difference playing with Pierce , Ray Allen and the emerging Rajon Rondo has made for Kevin Garnett , Cuban has spoken often of his determination to strike his own Gasol - style trade .
Even if Beaubois keeps developing and ultimately lives up to optimistic comparisons with Rondo and Tony Parker , Dallas realizes it needs to flank Nowitzki with a elite sidekick .
" I do n't think that you guys would disagree with me or that anybody listening would disagree that he 's earned the right to take some time and think about things , " Mavericks coach Rick Carlisle said during a recent " Galloway & Company " appearance on ESPN Radio in Dallas ( 103.3 FM ) .
" Let 's face it :
He has had a tough run here with playoff basketball and there have been some very disappointing endings to seasons .
But I 'll tell
you this -- and in the face of some of the personal things he's had to deal with -- this guy has been an absolute great player .
Beyond belief .
If you do n't give him his due there , then you 're not being right , you 're not thinking straight and you 're not telling it like it is .
" Give the guy some space .
Let him think about what he needs to think about .
He and Mark will get it worked out and things will go on from there .
But he 's earned the right to have some time to ponder things . "
Marc Stein is a senior NBA writer for ESPN.com and a frequent contributor to ESPNDallas.com .
Skate Fast , Turn Left !
ALL THINGS ROLLER DERBY .
from beginner to advanced topics .
wheels , plates , helmets , grievances , finances , WFTDA , rankings , exercises , rules , rules , and RULES .
feel free to send me a message and ask me to post about something as well !
This article may be reprinted free of charge provided 1 ) that there is clear attribution to the Orthomolecular Medicine News Service , and 2 ) that both the OMNS free subscription link http://orthomolecular.org/subscribe.html and also the OMNS archive link http://orthomolecular.org/resources/omns/index.shtml are included .
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
Orthomolecular Medicine News Service , June 27 , 2010
Why You are Sick if You Want to Eat Right
( But It 's Perfectly Normal to Treat Angina with Pressure Pants ) Comment by Andrew W. Saul
Editor - In - Chief , Orthomolecular Medicine News Service ( OMNS , June 27 , 2010 ) First of all , we are not making this up .
" Healthy food obsession sparks rise in new eating disorder : Fixation with healthy eating can be sign of serious psychological disorder " was an actual article headline from UK's The Observer , founded 1791 , the world 's oldest Sunday newspaper .
And now , eating right has an official disease name , too : orthorexia nervosa .
( 1 ) Oooh !
Tell us more !
Symptoms evidently include " refusing to touch sugar , salt , caffeine , alcohol , wheat , gluten , yeast , soya , corn and dairy foods ( and ) any foods that have come into contact with pesticides , herbicides or contain artificial additives . "
Also , " sufferers tend to be aged over 30 , middle - class and well - educated " and " solely concerned with the quality of the food they put in their bodies . "
( 2 ) Comic strip artist Morrie Brickman once quipped , " I do n't know if the world is full of smart men bluffing , or imbeciles who mean it . "
But orthorexia nervosa is not a prank .
Neither is this : " Vibrating trousers help angina patients , " said Medical News Today .
And , although lacking the pedigree of The Observer , the reporting is still weirdly noteworthy : " Angina patients in the UK are being treated with vibrating trousers which work by increasing the blood flow to the heart .
. .
The patient is treated for seven weeks .
He / she has to wear the pants for one hour a day , five days a week .
The seven - week treatment costs 10,500 pounds sterling .
Most private health insurers will pay for the course , says Vasogenics , the company that makes the vibrating trousers . "
( 3 ) You can watch a slick American - market sales video at http://www.vasogenics.com/ or http://www.vasogenics.com/downloads/vasomedical.wmv.
The illustrated patient 's guide is downloadable from http://www.vasogenics.com/SITE%20images/Vasogenics%20patient%20guide%20lr.pdf
Monty Python devotees recall the troupe 's " Trim Jeans " inflatable reducing pants send - up from 1972 .
( Series 3 , episode 2 ) .
There are those who might opine that the British equivalent of $ 2,000 a week to have your calves squeezed is not comedy .
At least , not intentionally .
The inflatable pants ( ECP or EECP ) therapy may provide symptomatic relief .
Or , as BlueCross / BlueShield claims , it may be useless .
( 4 ) But either way , it is significant that in all the discussion there is not a breath of mention of vitamin E. Vitamin E is the safest , cheapest and most effective solution to angina .
( 5 ) And a " fixation with healthy eating " is , well , healthy .
After all , if you are not a health nut , then just what kind of a nut are you ?
References : ( 1 ) Donini LM , Marsili D , Graziani MP , Imbriale M , Cannella C. Orthorexia nervosa : a preliminary study with a proposal for diagnosis and an attempt to measure the dimension of the phenomenon .
Eat Weight Disord .
2004 Jun;9 ( 2) :151 - 7 .
See also this mildly critical 2008 article from the Turkish Journal of Psychiatry : http://www.turkpsikiyatri.com/en/default.aspx?modul=article&id=638
( 2 ) http://www.guardian.co.uk/society/2009/aug/16/orthorexia-mental-health-eating-disorder
The Observer , August 16 , 2009 , News section , p 12 . ( 3 ) http://www.medicalnewstoday.com/articles/14414.php,
Oct 4 , 2004 .
( 4 ) English T. ' Inflatable - pants ' heart failure therapy lacks supporting evidence .
Health Behavior News Service .
http://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2006/02/060221235310.htm or http://seniorjournal.com/NEWS/Alerts/6-02-21-InflatablePantsHeart.htm
Putnam KG , et al .
External counterpulsation for treatment of chronic stable angina pectoris and chronic heart failure .
( Review ) .
Technology Evaluation Center Assessment Program Vol. 20 , No. 12 . December 2005 .
Background : http://www.bcbs.com/blueresources/tec/what-is-tec.html
( 5 ) http://www.doctoryourself.com/estory.htm
Journal of Orthomolecular Medicine , Vol. 17 , No. 3 , Third Quarter , 2002 , p 179 - 181 .
To learn more about vitamin E as prescribed by Drs. Wilfrid and Evan Shute : Dosages the doctors used : http://www.doctoryourself.com/shute_protocol.html
A case story : http://www.doctoryourself.com/angina.html
Forms of vitamin E : http://www.doctoryourself.com/vitamin_e.html
Medical references : http://www.doctoryourself.com/biblio_shute.html
Nutritional Medicine is Orthomolecular Medicine Orthomolecular medicine uses safe , effective nutritional therapy to fight illness .
For more information : http://www.orthomolecular.org
The peer - reviewed Orthomolecular Medicine News Service is a non-profit and non-commercial informational resource .
Editorial Review Board : Ralph K. Campbell , M.D. ( USA )
Carolyn Dean , M.D. , N.D. ( Canada )
Damien Downing , M.D. ( United Kingdom )
Michael Ellis , M.D. ( Australia )
Michael Gonzalez , D.Sc. , Ph.D. ( Puerto Rico )
Steve Hickey , Ph.D. ( United Kingdom )
James A. Jackson , Ph.D. ( USA )
Bo H. Jonsson , M.D. , Ph.D. ( Sweden )
Thomas Levy , M.D. , J.D. ( USA )
Jorge R. Miranda - Massari , Pharm .D. ( Puerto Rico )
Erik Paterson , M.D. ( Canada )
Gert E. Shuitemaker , Ph.D. ( Netherlands ) Andrew W. Saul , Ph.D. ( USA ) , Editor and contact person .
Email : omns@orthomolecular.org
To Subscribe at no charge : http://www.orthomolecular.org/subscribe.html
To Unsubscribe from this list : http://www.orthomolecular.org/unsubscribe.html
Nikon , Canon , Leica , Pentax , Sigma , Tokina , and a host of other lens makers are all striving to bring you the sharpest lenses with all optical aberrations reduced to the minimum .
That ’s too bad !
Because with lenses , as with life , sometimes it ’s the imperfections that make things interesting .
The image on the left was shot with the imperfect optics of a homemade lens .
Exploring the soft , dreamy world of DIY camera lenses in surprisingly easy .
Let me show you .
There are two components necessary for a homemade camera lens suitable for use on a SLR or DSLR : the optics ( to focus the light ) and the mechanics ( to hold the optics in place and hopefully provide a method of adjusting the focus and aperture ) .
The Optics
Any lens that focuses light ( a double convex , plano convex , or positive meniscus ) can theoretically be used as a camera lens .
Magnifying glasses , lenses from binoculars , close - up “ filters , ” reading glasses , are all potential camera lenses .
A good source for purchasing lenses is Surplus Shed , where they typically cost $ 4.00 to $ 10.00 .
Or for a limited selection ( mostly from science class materials ) check Amazon .
Notice that I used the word theoretically above .
There are limitations .
Every lens has its focal length .
When a lens is used to focus parallel rays of light , the focal length is the distance from the lens to the point of focus .
This means that for a single element camera lens , the focal length determines the distance the lens needs to be from the film or sensor .
This is very important for constructing your lens and it puts some limitations on the lenses that are useful .
Assuming you want to use your lens with a SLR or DSLR , the focal length can be no shorter than about 45 mm because that is the approximate distance from the lens mount to the film / sensor plane .
A lens with focal length shorter than 45 mm would have to be mounted inside the camera to reach proper focus on distant objects .
That ’s not going to work .
At the other extreme , a lens with a focal length of more than about 400 mm starts to get very awkward .
So unless you already know the focal length of your lens , you should measure it .
You ’ll need a piece of paper , a ruler , and a distant light source such as a lamp across the room ( do NOT use the sun for this ) .
Project the light from the lamp through the lens and onto the paper .
Adjust the distance between the lens and the paper until the image is at its sharpest .
Now just measure the distance from the lens to the image on the paper .
This is the focal length of the lens , or close to it .
Ideally , the light source should be an infinite distance away , but I find that a light across the room gives me a pretty good approximation .
( If you insist on precision , then also measure the distance from the object to the lens and use the formula below )
Depending on how we address the mechanics of the lens , focal lengths in the range of 60 – 200 mm are good candidates for DIY camera lenses .
Starting Simple
Let ’s look at some examples , including different ways to address the mechanics .
The first lens uses a positive meniscus from Surplus Shed with an advertised focal length of 65 mm and a diameter of 47 mm ( price : $ 6 ) .
As it turned out , Surplus Shed ’s measurement of the focal length is a bit off .
The actual focal length of this lens turns out to be about 45 mm , so it will not quite focus to infinity .
( The flange - to - focal - plane distance of a Nikon is 46.5 mm . )
Interestingly , at a diameter of 47 mm , this lens exactly fits in a Nikon lens mount without falling into the camera .
And that ’s how I use it : by just holding it against the mount with my fingers as I take the shot .
It ’s not very practical .
On the plus side , a 45 mm focal length meant that this lens is theoretically faster than f/ 1.0 .
And so , I call this lens the antipinhole .
First Results : Optical Aberrations
With the lens resting in the lens mount , the focus is fixed at about 10 feet .
The images are about a half a stop brighter than my Nikkor 50 mm at f/ 1.4 so I do n’t think it ’s quite f/ 1.0 but it is measurably faster than f/ 1.4 .
But the big surprise is low contrast and very large halos around any bright objects .
And unlike what you might expect from a lens at about f/ 1.2 , there is no thin plane of focus that snaps in .
Instead , there seems to be a very broad area from about 7 feet to 14 feet that has nearly the same degree of focus .
Of course , the low contrast , halos , and soft focus can all be put to good use as long as you are not looking for the crisp images produced by commercial lenses .
All of the distortions I mentioned above can be largely explained by the spherical aberration in this lens .
Parallel rays of light passing through the lens near the center come to focus as expected at the focal length .
However , light rays passing through the lens toward the edge focus at a different distance .
Spherical aberration is the largest cause of distortion on this lens but it is not the only cause .
Color fringing ( noticeable as blue and / or red fringes at high contrast transitions between black and white ) from chromatic aberration is also present , and is caused by the fact that for a lens like this the focal length for short wavelengths ( blue ) is different than for long wavelengths ( red ) .
Using An Achromat To Address Chromatic Aberration
Chromatic aberration can be significantly reduced by using achromatic lenses , which are made by combining a convex lens made of crown glass with a concave lens made of flint glass .
Fortunately , inexpensive achromats are readily available .
Binocular objectives are one source .
Another is ( you guessed it ) Surplus Shed , where they sell a wide range of achromats including one with a focal length of 75 mm and a diameter of 53.5 mm .
Once again , spherical aberration resulted in soft , “ glowing ” images .
Mechanics : Connection To The Camera
The mechanics involved in making lenses is often more challenging than the optics .
But you have lots of options .
One possibility is to go for a reusable , interchangeable - parts approach .
Old style macro extension tubes , such as a set of Nikon K rings , provides a shortcut .
One side of the K2 ring mounts to the camera and the other side has a thread that fits 52 mm filters .
This 52 mm thread is a convenient standard to use for quickly connecting multiple lenses , spacers , focusers , and diaphragms into a working lens ( and then disassembling it for the next experiment ) .
Here is a 75 mm lens along with some aperture rings .
Note that the achromat was friction mounted ( thanks to a layer of masking tape ) to three 58 mm rings that were recycled from some junk filters .
A 52 to 58 mm step up ring allows this lens to fit my 52 mm standard .
Adjustable Focus
Although functional , the preceding lens still does n’t have a mechanism for adjustable focus .
Let ’s look at a few approaches to solve that problem .
The first approach is to “ recycle ” the helical focuser from an old lens .
Mounts and filter threads can be attached with Super Glue if necessary .
This lens also includes an old iris diaphragm I found for $ 3 at a local surplus shop .
Attaching rings from junk filters to both the focuser and the diaphragm will allow you to use them in an interchangeable system .
This lens uses a 191 mm achromat ( $ 9 from SurplusShed ) .
Another approach is to use two tubes with slightly different diameters to build a sliding ( telescoping ) focuser .
Cardboard mailing tubes or PVC pipes are possible sources for the sliding tubes .
Sticky - back felt , from your local arts and crafts store , can be used to create a nice friction fit between the two tubes .
Be sure to leave a lengthwise gap in the felt to allow air to escape as you are focusing .
The felt can also be used to line the inside of the tubes to reduce reflected light inside your lens .
Here ’s an example that uses this approach for a rather improbable 400 mm lens .
If you are lucky enough to have access to bellows , you have an ideal focuser for homemade lenses .
Of course , you can also find more creative ways to mount your optics , such as using a 2 inch steel electrical conduit with a screw - in coupler to make a functioning focuser .
Results
Soft , Misty , Dreamy … you choose the adjective .
Coming up in part two of this series , I ’ll show you how you can get control over the glow from the spherical aberration of these simple lenses to produce wonderful soft focus effects or even sharp macro and telephoto images .
Click here for the next part : Homemade Lenses : What ’s All The Fuzz About ?
John Swierzbin is a photographer obsessed with DIY lenses , if you wish to learn more about them .
please visit the Homemade Lens Group as well as his photostream both on flickr .
There , you ’ll be able to see many more examples of homemade lenses and the images they produce .
setfenv
getfenv
x = 3 function print_x ( ) print ( x ) end print_x ( ) setfenv ( print_x , { print = print , x = 4 } ) print_x ( ) print ( getfenv ( print_x ) . x )
In Lua 5.2 - work3 , this environment table is gone .
Instead , globals are resolved in a special upvalue called _ENV , and every piece of code loaded ( even if it does n't access any globals ) is done so in the context of an upvalue called _ENV , which is initialised to the value of the globals table ( LUA_RIDX_GLOBALS in the registry , see later ) at the time of the loading .
This means that code like the following works :
do local outer = _ENV local _ENV = {} function outer .set_x ( value ) x = value end function outer.get_x ( ) return x end function outer.set_inner_env ( e ) _ENV = e end end set_x ( 5 ) print ( x ) print ( get_x ( ) ) set_inner_env{x = 10 } print ( get_x ( ) )
Note that _ENV behaves like a shared upvalue , which is different to how setfenv / getfenv used to work , and different to _G .
Specifically , all functions within a chunk ( a piece of loaded code ) share the same environment unless they specifically redeclare a local called _ENV , so setting the environment of one of them ( e.g. with debug.
setupvalue ) will affect all of them .
The global variable _G is still present , and the initial value of _G is the same as the initial value of _ENV , but changing one has no effect on the other , though as _G is a global , it really means _ENV ._G in 5.2 - work3 , so changing _ENV to something without a _G field will make _G evaluate to nil .
Also note that as an upvalue , _ENV can take any type of value , not just a table .
Hence the following can be done :
local print = print do local _ENV = " some string " print ( gsub ) end do local _ENV = nil print ( io ) end
Federal judge James Robertson today ordered Mohamedou Ould Salahi , once referred to as the “ highest value detainee ” in all of Guantanamo Bay , released after ruling that the government lacked any legal basis to hold him .
The details of the release order are classified , but a redacted version is expected in the next few weeks .
Salahi has been held by the US since November 20 , 2001 .
The memo regarding his detention accused him of traveling to Afghanistan to wage jihad , though this was decades ago in response to the Soviet occupation .
He was arrested in Mauritania and renditioned to Jordan .
Salahi ’s abuse in US custody , amid accusations that he was a “ top ” al - Qaeda operative , have been well documented , and prosecutors have repeatedly expressed hope that he could eventually be executed .
Though the Justice Department is said to be reviewing the ruling and Salahi remains in custody for the time being , the order does serious damage to the credibility of the military commissions system , as his attorney , Nancy Hollander noted : “ they were considering giving him the death penalty .
Now they do n’t even have enough evidence to pass the test for habeas . ”
Wilbroda ’s Story
“ Finding out I was HIV - positive while pregnant felt like a death sentence for me and my unborn child .
My family isolated me .
Being a single mother , jobless , and dependent on people broke my self - esteem .
Fortunately , a mothers 2 mothers ( m2 m ) Mentor Mother explained that I could still be healthy , and thanks to her support , my boy was born HIV - free .
I decided to join m2 m as a Mentor Mother .
Becoming a Mentor Mother changed everything .
I used my knowledge to educate my family about HIV , who treated me like a human again .
I now help women make informed decisions to keep them and their families healthy , and make them feel understood and appreciated – I know how important that is . ”
Wilbroda Awuor Akuro
m2 m Community Mentor Mother in Nairobi , Kenya .
As the once minority activity of downloading from newsgroups enters the mainstream , ever - more aggressive copyright - related lawsuits are doing likewise .
In this environment Usenet - related companies are becoming increasingly careful to keep their behaviors entirely legal .
Leading Usenet provider Giganews has taken the concept to a whole new level .
After many years in the shadows , Usenet has been grabbing its share of copyright - related headlines during the last year .
In July 2009 the recording industry chalked up a significant legal win against Usenet.com .
A judge ruled that the company had engaged in direct , contributory and vicarious copyright infringement and induced others to infringe .
Their actions were deemed significant enough to disallow the Usenet provider its rights to ‘ safe harbor ’ under the DMCA , a very dangerous situation indeed .
Just yesterday the newsgroup world received a further reminder of the legal spotlight tracking their movements as Usenet indexer Newzbin went into liquidation after a ruinous battle with several Hollywood movie studios .
It is therefore entirely appropriate for Usenet - related businesses to stay on both the right side of the law and the incredibly powerful entities who are ready to pounce should they stray off the straight and narrow .
Make no mistake , the consequences for missteps can be severe , but one provider seems to have taken its caution just a little too far .
The folks over at Unzbin.com have been beavering away in recent months to make an NZB client that they hope will become the uTorrent of the newsgroups .
The Unzbin client is very compact and since receiving a great review at the start of April has been refined further still .
But unfortunately they ’ve had a little problem in recent days .
At the end of March , Unzbin opened an affiliate account with Giganews , one of the world ’s leading Usenet providers .
Everything ran fine until a couple of days ago when Unzbin received an email warning – not from the MPAA , but from Giganews .
This letter shall serve as written notice that you are in material breach of the Giganews Terms and Conditions Agreement ( “ Agreement ” or “ Terms ” ) you entered into on March 31 , 2010 .
In Section 3 . 2 . of the Agreement you represented and warranted that your website (s ) would “ not contain , display or in any other way communicate any inappropriate or illegal information as determined by Giganews in its sole and unfettered discretion ” .
The web pages located at : http://www.unzbin.com/screenshots & http://www.unzbin.com contains instructions on how to illegally download copyrighted material , which is inappropriate or illegal information .
This inappropriate or illegal content found on your website (s ) must be removed within a week of the date of this letter .
Failure to remove all such content by this date may result in immediate termination of the Agreement in accordance with Section 5.2 of the Terms .
We take the intellectual property rights of others very seriously and we encourage all of our Affiliates and Referral Sites to do the same .
If you have any questions about this notice or the Agreement in general , please feel free to contact us .
Sincerely ,
Office of General Counsel
Giganews , Inc .
Naughty Unzbin , then ?
Sadly , not even close .
Here is the “ copyright infringing ” screenshot in question .
Free and legal to download movie .
Check .
Free and legal to download software .
Check .
Clearly there has been some sort of mistake then ?
Apparently not .
Unzbin later received a more personal email from a Giganews Affiliate Manager who explained the problem in more detail but only succeeding in creating more confusion .
Regarding the notice that was just sent to you , there is only one concern on your site , which is the prominence of the example “ Steal This Film ” in various screenshots of the program being used on the site .
As you know , we ca n’t control and monitor everything that is uploaded to Usenet , but we also do n’t advertise the potential attainability of copyrighted materials and ask the same of all our affiliates .
We do know that “ Steal This Film ” is a free documentary about file sharing and intellectual property , but to most people ( and to legal entities ) , it will appear as instructional usage of your software .
The “ Ubuntu ” example is perfect , and I think that this is more than adequate in getting across the point of Unzbin ’s functionality .
To say the least , Unzbin are very unimpressed with Giganews and expressed this clearly in their response .
As you may know “ steal this film ” is a documentary which is freely available .
We ’re not going to remove anything from our website and frankly I do n’t understand why Giganews is meddling into our internal affairs .
We run our project the way we want and that ’s how it ’s going to be .
I think it ’s a very bold and hypocritical move on your part !
And so we ’re going to discontinue working with you guys , simply because we do believe in the freedom of speech and freedom of expression .
We have no tolerance for nazi gestapo practices and threats ( which do n’t impress or scare me one bit ) .
Kind regards and a big FUCK YOU , Unzbin !
“ This is the second time I can recall that someone has been stupid enough to miss the joke of STEAL THIS FILM : that you * ca n ’t* “ steal ” something that ’s been offered to you willingly , ” Jamie King , creator of Steal This Film told TorrentFreak .
“ It kind of strains credulity that anyone could be so dumb , but there it is .
Obviously we ’re delighted Unzbin offer STEAL THIS FILM as a download example and doing so clearly does n’t violate Giganews ’ policies — asking for them to cease and desist amounts to nothing less than a freedom of speech violation , ” he concludes .
TorrentFreak wrote to Giganews twice asking for a comment but we have received no response , which is a real shame but not really a surprise .
Putting a foot wrong in today ’s copyright climate could cost Giganews an absolute fortune and perhaps even their entire business so it is to be expected that they choose to err on the side of caution .
But come on guys ….
" I 'm not going to pretend a faith I do n't feel , " she said .
Ms Gillard 's views on religion are in stark contrast to those of Mr Rudd , who was a regular at Canberra church services , and those of her rival , Tony Abbott , who once trained as a priest and is known as a devout Catholic .
Who We Are
You ’ll never win , if you never begin
Over the last 10 years , our digital marketing agency , Creative Ideaz , has helped hundreds of clients in the UK boost their online business success by offering bespoke , unique digital marketing services .
We utilise a complete marketing stack , ranging from promoting brand awareness with the use of Search Engine Optimisation ( SEO ) and PPC , through to Conversion Optimisation to help improve the user experience of your website and maximise your sales .
We have helped businesses of all sizes across a wide range of different industries .
Our small team of digital marketing consultants are based in Brindley Place , Birmingham .
We have worked hard to maintain our reputation by continually delivering on and beating our client expectations with one simple aim – To add value to our client ’s business .
Diminishing Supreme Court Justice Editor ’s Note : President Barack Obama ’s apparent Supreme Court choice of Elena Kagan reinforces the political cynicism of Washington , where it ’s understood that only a fool goes against the grain on behalf of justice and that the best way to get ahead is to never get on the wrong side of the Right .
Solicitor General Kagan , a former Harvard Law School dean , never made the career - fatal mistake of objecting too loudly to President George W. Bush ’s “ war on terror ” trampling of the U.S. Constitution and indeed has often parroted those views , as law professor Marjorie Cohn notes in this guest essay :
As the Rehnquist court continued to eviscerate the right of the people to be free from unreasonable searches and seizures , Associate Justice John Paul Stevens filed principled and courageous dissents .
Email
Printer friendly
For example , the majority held in the 1991 case of California v. Acevedo that although the police cannot search a closed container without a warrant , they can wait until a person puts the container into a car and then do a warrantless search because the container is now mobile .
In a ringing dissent that exemplified his revulsion at Executive overreaching , Justice Stevens wrote that " decisions like the one the Court makes today will support the conclusion that this Court has become a loyal foot soldier in the Executive 's fight against crime . "
The Founders wrote checks and balances into the Constitution so that no one branch would become too powerful .
But during his " war on terror , " President George W. Bush claimed nearly unbridled executive power to hold non-citizens indefinitely without an opportunity to challenge their detention and to deny them due process .
Three times , a closely divided Supreme Court put on the brakes .
Justice Stevens played a critical role in each of those decisions .
He wrote the opinions in “ Rasul v. Bush ” and “ Hamdan v. Rumsfeld ” and his fingerprints were all over “ Boumediene v. Bush . ”
Unfortunately , President Barack Obama has continued to assert many of Bush 's executive policies in his " war on terror . "
Elena Kagan , reportedly Obama 's choice to replace Justice Stevens , has never been a judge .
But she has been a loyal foot soldier in Obama 's fight against terrorism and there is little reason to believe that she will not continue to do so .
During her confirmation hearing for solicitor general , Kagan agreed with Sen. Lindsey Graham , R - South Carolina , that the President can hold suspected terrorists indefinitely during wartime , and the entire world is a battlefield .
Justice Stevens ruled in favor of broad enforcement of our civil rights laws .
In his 2007 dissent in Parents Involved in Community Schools v. Seattle School District No. 1 , he wrote that " children of all races benefit from integrated classrooms and playgrounds . "
When Kagan was dean of Harvard Law School , she hired 32 tenured and tenure - track academic faculty members .
Only seven were women and only one was a minority .
" What a twist of fate , " wrote four minority law professors on Salon.com , " if the first black president – of both the Harvard Law Review and the United States of America – seemed to be untroubled by a 21st Century Harvard faculty that hired largely white men . "
Obama has a golden opportunity to appoint a giant of a justice who can take on the extreme right - wingers on the Court who rule consistently against equality and for corporate power .
When he cast a vote against the confirmation of John Roberts to be Chief Justice , Sen .
Obama said , " he has far more often used his formidable skills on behalf of the strong and in opposition to the weak . "
Justice Stevens has done just the opposite .
If Obama wants to choose a non-judge , he could pick Harold Hongju Koh or Erwin Chemerinsky , both brilliant and courageous legal scholars who champion human rights and civil rights over corporate and executive power .
Unlike Kagan , whose 20 years as a law professor produced a paucity of legal scholarship , Koh and Chemerinsky both have a formidable body of work that is widely cited by judges and scholars .
But it appears Obama will take the cautious route and nominate Kagan , who has no record of judicial opinions and no formidable legal writings .
After the health care debacle , he should know that the right - wingers will not be appeased by this milk - toast appointment , but will oppose whomever he nominates .
The Warren Court issued several landmark decisions .
It sought to remedy the inequality between the races and between rich and poor , and to curb unchecked executive power .
Chief Justice Earl Warren wrote these words , which would later become his epitaph : " Where there is injustice , we should correct it .
Where there is poverty , we should eliminate it .
Where there is corruption , we should stamp it out .
Where there is violence , we should punish it .
Where there is neglect , we
should provide care .
Where there is war , we should restore peace .
And wherever corrections are achieved , we should add them permanently to our storehouse of treasures . "
Conservatives decry activist judges – primarily those who act contrary to conservative politics .
But the Constitution is a short document and it is up to judges to interpret it .
Obama has defensively bought into the right - wing rhetoric , saying recently that during the 1960's and 1970's , " liberals were guilty " of the " error " of being activist judges .
Rather than celebrating the historic achievements of the Warren Court – and of Justice Stevens – Obama is once again cowering in the face of conservative opposition .
Obama should do the right thing , the courageous thing , and fill Justice Stevens ' seat with someone who can fill his shoes .
If he nominates Elena Kagan , Obama will move the delicately balanced court to the Right .
And that would be the wrong thing .
Marjorie Cohn is a professor at Thomas Jefferson School of Law and immediate past president of the National Lawyers Guild .
She is the author of Cowboy Republic : Six Ways the Bush Gang Has Defied the Law .
See www.marjoriecohn.com
To comment at Consortiumblog , click here .
( To make a blog comment about this or other stories , you can use your normal e-mail address and password .
Ignore the prompt for a Google account . )
To comment to us by e-mail , click here .
To donate so we can continue reporting and publishing stories like the one you just read , click here .
Back to Home Page
“ I assure you we are committed to determining if any laws were broken or policies violated , ” he said .
Spokesmen for General Petraeus and Gen. Stanley A. McChrystal , the top American commander in Afghanistan , declined to comment .
Mr. Furlong remains at his job , working as a senior civilian Air Force official .
A senior defense official said that the Pentagon decided just recently not to renew the contract , which expires at the end of May .
While the Pentagon declined to discuss the program , it appears that commanders in the field are in no rush to shut it down because some of the information has been highly valuable , particularly in protecting troops against enemy attacks .
With the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , the expanded role of contractors on the battlefield — from interrogating prisoners to hunting terrorism suspects — has raised questions about whether the United States has outsourced some of its most secretive and important operations to a private army many fear is largely unaccountable .
The C.I.A. has relied extensively on contractors in recent years to carry out missions in war zones .
The exposure of the spying network also reveals tensions between the Pentagon and the C.I.A. , which itself is running a covert war across the border in Pakistan .
In December , a cable from the C.I.A. ’s station chief in Kabul , Afghanistan , to the Pentagon argued that the military ’s hiring of its own spies could have disastrous consequences , with various networks possibly colliding with one another .
The memo also said that Mr. Furlong had a history of delving into outlandish intelligence schemes , including an episode in 2008 , when American officials expelled him from Prague for trying to clandestinely set up computer servers for propaganda operations .
Some officials say they believe that the C.I.A. is trying to scuttle the operation to protect its own turf , and that the spy agency has been embarrassed because the contractors are outperforming C.I.A. operatives .
The private contractor network was born in part out of frustration with the C.I.A. and the military intelligence apparatus .
There was a belief by some officers that the C.I.A. was too risk averse , too reliant on Pakistan ’s spy service and seldom able to provide the military with timely information to protect American troops .
In addition , the military has complained that it is not technically allowed to operate in Pakistan , whose government is willing to look the other way and allow C.I.A. spying but not the presence of foreign troops .
WASHINGTON — Legislation to extend unemployment subsidies for hundreds of thousands of Americans who have exhausted their jobless benefits teetered on the edge of collapse on Thursday , as Senate Democrats and Republicans traded bitter accusations about who was to blame for an eight - week impasse .
Senate Republicans and a lone Democrat , Ben Nelson of Nebraska , joined forces to filibuster the bill in a procedural vote on Thursday .
Visibly frustrated , the majority leader , Harry Reid , Democrat of Nevada , said he would move on to other business next week because he saw little chance of winning over any Republican votes .
The vote was 57 to 41 , with the Democrats falling three short of the 60 votes needed to advance the measure .
“ You ’ll hear a lot of excuses , ” Mr. Reid said at a news conference .
“ The bottom line is the minority just said no . ”
Operators of BitTorrent sites are used to receiving takedown requests from Hollywood , it is part of their daily business .
Usually the notices concern rips of DVD quality or leaks that were camcorded in theaters .
Twentieth Century Fox , however , has surprised several site administrators with a notification for a film that is far from finished .
Hollywood insiders have a habit of sharing things with both their peers and the public .
Every year , many of the DVD - screeners that are sent to Academy members find their way onto the Internet and end up being shared by millions of people .
Leaks can be even more advanced than that though .
There is also a ‘ scene ’ of script aficionados who share movie scripts , often before the movie in question has started filming .
There are even entire blogs dedicated to this type of reading material .
One of the scripts that made its way onto the Internet a few weeks ago was that of the upcoming Twentieth Century Fox film “ Water For Elephants “ .
Starring Reese Witherspoon and Robert Pattinson and based on Sara Guen ’s novel , the film tells the story of a traveling circus .
As is the fate of many Hollywood scripts this one also ended up being shared on the Internet , on several file - hosting sites and on BitTorrent .
What ’s quite new though , is that the Fox Intellectual Property department has been sending out takedown notices in an attempt to stop the script from being shared .
Below are some quotes from an email that has been sent to several site administrators in recent weeks .
… We have recently learned that ***** and / or its users ( hereinafter “ You ” or “ Your ” ) has posted scripts and / or links to downloads thereof purportedly from Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation ’s ( “ Fox ” ) “ WATER FOR ELEPHANTS ” motion picture ( the “ Film ” ) on the following Internet pages without authorization from Fox : Such unauthorized use infringes the intellectual property rights in and to the Film owned by Fox and its associated entities .
Therefore , we must demand that you immediately remove the scripts and / or links to downloads thereof from your website .
We further request that you provide written acknowledgment to the undersigned that you have ceased the infringing conduct complained of herein . …
The email further states that Fox will take action against the site when the torrent files or other links to the script are n’t removed by a certain date .
As we know from previous cases , Fox does n’t shy from extreme measures when it comes to leaked material , especially when it ’s in an unfinished state .
Last year , an unfinished copy of the highly anticipated “ X - Men Origins : Wolverine ” movie leaked online before it came out in theaters .
20th Century
Fox was n’t happy with this global sneak preview and asked the FBI and MPAA to investigate the case .
At the time Fox had also been sending out takedown notices to various torrent sites , hoping to keep the damage to a minimum .
Most site operators were kind enough to take down the links , but in many cases new ones are already uploaded before the requests are processed .
It is doubtful that Fox will involve the FBI this time , especially since Hollywood lobbying for tougher , criminal copyright laws did n’t extend past actual motion pictures .
Unlike the Wolverine case , scripts are usually widely available online to those who know where to look .
“ Water For Elephants ” meanwhile , started filming two weeks ago and is expected to be released somewhere next year , in theaters and on BitTorrent .
Snoop Dogg recently tried to redefine the concept of " going big " by tapping the small European country of Liechtenstein as the set for an upcoming video shoot .
No , we do n't mean he wanted to film at a specific lot or property -- we mean the entire country .
The Doggfather apparently directly approached the government of Liechtenstein with a request to use the whole nation as a video set .
While Liechtenstein is indeed very small ( about 61.7 square miles total ) , Snoop was only rejected because the country did n't have enough time to properly get things in order to meet the rapper 's timetable .
" We 've had requests for places and villages but never one to hire the whole country before , " explained Karl Schwaerzler , a Liechtenstein property agent , in a recent interview .
" It would have been possible , but Snoop Dogg 's management did not give us enough time . "
Liechtenstein only sports a population of 35,000 but is renowned for featuring some of the most picturesque nature in the region .
Snoop sought the country out because he needed tons of outdoor space to shoot the new clip for a currently unknown song .
We 've got to give it up for the West Coast legend on this one .
Instead of renting out yet another blue - screen video stage , he at least attempted to do something new by approaching the small country .
They definitely seem impressed so hopefully big Snoop tries again soon .
Raise your hand if you love local politics because it ’s a sideshow , and not because it provides fodder for a little sitcom called Parks & Recreation .
Here comes Oklahoma City Councilman Brian Walters , who ’s furious about the gays once again holding their annual gay pride parade , because who wants to see a bunch of god ’s mistakes walk down the street ?
Walters , who was the only “ no ” vote for the pride parade ( with seven yes votes ) , explained his thinking : “ I just ca n’t support that lifestyle based on my beliefs , and stuff . ”
Oh , and then he compared gays to child predators and wife beaters : “ I do n’t want my vote to be construed as support , because I really do n’t support that , the same way that I would n’t support a group of say pedophiles who wanted to assemble .
I would not vote yes on that either , [ or ] men who beat up their wives .
Anything like that . ”
But Walters , a self - professed born again Christian , did n’t mean to be a jerk , he says : “ It ’s not a personal thing .
I do n’t hate them or anything like that .
It ’s just something that … a moral conviction of mine that I cannot support . ”
I got an army foam trucker hat .
An AWESOME Die-Cast Bender statue .
Thanks for keeping it real Reddit .
Keep up the gift exchange it brought a smile to my otherwise boring day !
# 71442 +( 2223 ) - [ X ] < ihatestan > god I hate my little brother
< ihatestan > its my mothers birthday and I got her a Amethyst necklace
< ihatestan > than out of no where my brother goes " mom has +3 strengh "
Just days after Comedy Central censored " South Park " for depicting the Prophet Mohammed , the cable station announced it 's developing an animated series about Jesus Christ .
" JC , " from the producers of The Office , " promises to show Jesus trying to make his way in New York City with scant support from his " all - powerful yet apathetic father , " a video - game addict .
Is this , as the network says , a " playful take on religion and society , " or evidence of a shameful double standard ?
( Watch some local reporters debate whether Jesus should be a cartoon )
This hypocrisy is no laughing matter : Comedy Central 's decision to follow up its cowardly concession to angry Muslims with a show that mocks Christianity is just " not funny , " says Bryan Alexander at NBC San Diego .
The station 's attempt to deflect criticism with a statement — " comedy in its purest form always makes some people uncomfortable " — rings hollow after its " dramatic capitulation " to the last group it made " uncomfortable . "
" Cowed by Mohammad , Comedy Central turns to Jesus "
Jesus can take it , but Comedy Central is pathetic : " As a Christian , I am unoffended " by this idea says Elizabeth Scalia in First Things .
Jesus " has awfully big shoulders ; he can take it . "
But can Comedy Central ?
The network reminds me of a " smart - aleck " kid who , bullied by others , tries to " re-establish his edgy bona fides " by taking it out on " non-threatening " bystanders .
JC is n't daring , or funny .
It 's just a " bit pathetic . "
" ' No , we ’re fearless and edgy .
Really . ' "
Actually , this is a message to Muslims :
This is " very clever " of Comedy Central , says Terry Kelhawk in The Huffington Post .
After the " South Park " scandal , it 's " showing the East how we in the West live . "
No doubt Christian groups will be offended by this new cartoon , but they wo n't " call for violence . "
Perhaps our enemies will realize that , when you have " freedom of religion , " you need n't resort to " threats and violence " to preserve it .
" Comedy Central 's prophet experiments "
Washington ( CNN ) --
The District of Columbia principal who was found shot to death in his home last month met his alleged killers on a phone chat line , authorities said at a news conference Monday where they announced arrests in connection with the slaying .
Two men have been charged in the killing of Brian Betts , 42 .
They have been identified as Alonte Saunders , of an unknown address , and Sharif Tau Lancaster , who resides in the District of Columbia , police said .
The suspects , both 18 , have been charged with first degree murder , armed robbery and the use of a handgun in a felony crime of violence , according to Officer Melanie Brenner of the Montgomery County , Maryland , Police Department .
Brenner said charges against a third unidentified suspect , also 18 , are pending .
Earlier , police said a fourth person was arrested in connection with the slaying of Betts .
Artura Otey Williams , 46 , was charged with two counts of knowingly receiving a stolen credit card with the intent to use it .
Betts ' body was discovered in his Silver Spring , Maryland , home , on April 16 after he did n't show up for work at Shaw Middle School .
At Monday 's news conference , Police Chief J. Thomas Manger said " one or more of the suspects was connected with Betts after he ( the victim ) used a phone chat line . "
Manger said it was a " sex line " and that the call was made on the night of Betts ' death .
" We did not believe that this was just a random case and as far as we could tell there was some connection made via this chat line , " Manger said , " but whether or not the victim had previous contact with the suspects before , we do n't know that . "
Lancaster 's fingerprints were found in the victim's home near the scene of Betts ' death , Manger said .
He said fingerprints belonging to Saunders were recovered on the exterior and interior of Betts ' vehicle , which was found abandoned on a Washington street two days after the killing .
Manger said the investigation remained very active and asked people to come forward with more information .
He also had a warning to anyone who interacts with strangers on the internet or phone chat lines .
" You just never know who you may meet up with , " he said .
The death of Betts , who was a popular educator among faculty and students , has shaken the community .
" He was an inspirational leader for the teachers and the students , and that leadership was bringing results , " Chancellor Michelle Rhee of the District of Columbia Public Schools said in a statement .
" He knew what the children under his care were capable of , and he was determined to show them how to get there .
Brian Betts ' death is an incredible loss of a young and dedicated school leader . "
AC360° blog : Online tributes for slain principal
Past and current students , as well as employees , have posted online their thoughts and memories of the slain principal .
" Mr. Betts was one of those teachers you could never forget , " wrote one former student .
" Yes , he was a teacher , a figure of authority , but he felt more like an older brother , and made us feel comfortable about coming to him about almost anything ...
Our area has lost an amazing person . "
CNN 's Gabriel Falcon and Rick Martin contributed to this report .
( CNN ) --
The first time Priya Merrill , who is Indian , brought her white boyfriend home for Thanksgiving in 2007 , the dinner was uncomfortable and confusing .
She still remembers her family asking if Andrew was the bartender or a family photographer .
The couple married last August , and her Indian family has warmed up to her husband despite their racial differences .
" I think we get the best of both cultures , " said Merrill , 27 , of New York .
She added , " Sometimes I just forget that we 're interracial .
I do n't really think about it . "
Asian .
White .
Black .
Hispanic .
Do race and ethnicity matter when it comes to marriage ?
Apparently , race is mattering less these days , say researchers at the Pew Research Center , who report that nearly one out of seven new marriages in the U.S. is interracial or interethnic .
The report released Friday , which interviewed couples married for less than a year , found racial lines are blurring as more people choose to marry outside their race .
" From what we can tell , this is the highest [ percentage of interracial marriage ] it has ever been , " said Jeffrey Passel , a senior demographer for the Pew Research Center .
He said interracial marriages have soared since the 1980s .
About 6.8 percent of newly married couples reported marrying outside their race or ethnicity in 1980 .
That figure jumped to about 14.6 percent in the Pew report released this week , which surveyed newlyweds in 2008 .
Couples pushing racial boundaries have become commonplace in the U.S. , a trend that is also noticeable in Hollywood and politics .
President Obama is the product of a black father from Africa and a white mother from Kansas .
Supermodel Heidi Klum , who is white , married Seal , a British singer who is black .
But not everyone is willing to accept mixed - race marriages .
A Louisiana justice of the peace resigned late last year after refusing to marry an interracial couple .
However , studies show that support for interracial marriages is stronger than in the past , especially among the Millennial generation .
Among 18 - to 29 - year - olds , about 85 percent accept interracial marriages , according to a Pew study published in February .
Scholars say interracial marriages are important to examine because they can be a barometer for race relations and cultural assimilation .
Today 's growing acceptance of interracial marriages is a contrast to the overwhelming attitudes 50 years ago that such marriage was wrong -- and even illegal .
During most of U.S. history , interracial marriages have been banned or considered taboo , sociologists say .
In 1958 , a woman of black and Native American descent named Mildred Jeter had married a white man , Richard Loving .
The couple married in Washington , D.C. , instead of their home state of Virginia , where state laws outlawed interracial marriages .
The couple was arrested by police .
Their case made its way to the Supreme Court in the case Loving vs. Virginia in 1967 , where the justices unanimously ruled that laws banning interracial marriages were unconstitutional .
In the decades after the court 's ruling , the U.S. population has been changed by an unprecedented influx of immigrants .
The growing numbers of immigrants , said Pew researchers , is partially responsible for the increase in interracial marriages .
The Pew Center study released Friday found that marrying outside of one 's race or ethnicity is most common among Asians and Hispanics , two immigrant groups that have grown tremendously .
About 30 percent of Asian newlyweds in the study married outside of their race , and about a quarter of Hispanic newlyweds reported marrying someone of another race .
David Chen , 26 , of Dallas , Texas , is Taiwanese .
He is planning a wedding with his fiancee , Sylvia Duran , 26 , who is Mexican .
He says race is n't an issue , but parts of their culture do play a role in their relationship .
They will probably have a traditional Chinese tea ceremony at their wedding .
" The thing that we really focus on is our values and family values , " instead of their race , he said .
" We both like hard work , and we really put a focus on education . "
The African - American population also saw increases in interracial marriage , with the number of blacks participating in such marriages roughly tripling since 1980 , the study said .
About 16 percent of African - Americans overall are in an interracial marriage , but researchers point out a gender difference :
It 's more common for black men to marry outside of their race than for black women .
The gender difference was the reverse in the Asian population surveyed .
Twice as many newlywed Asian women , about 40 percent , were married outside their race , compared with Asian men , at about 20 percent .
" We are seeing an increasingly multiracial and multiethnic country , " said Andrew Cherlin , professor of public policy and sociology at Johns Hopkins University .
" The change in our population is bringing more people into contact with others who are n't like them . "
The Pew Center also found education and residency affected whether people married interracially , with college - educated adults being more likely to do so .
More people who live in the West marry outside their race than do people in the Midwest and South , the survey found .
Cherlin explained why education has helped bridge various races and ethnic groups :
With more minorities attending college , education , rather than race , becomes a common thread holding couples together .
" If I 'm a college graduate , I am going to marry another graduate , " Cherlin said .
" It 's of secondary importance if that person is my race . "
Technology is also making it easier for people to date outside their races , said Sam Yagan , who founded OkCupid.com , a free Internet dating site .
He said his site , which receives 4 million unique visitors a month , has seen many interracial relationships result from people using its services .
Adriano Schultz , 26 , who was born in Brazil and identifies himself as having a " mixed ethnicity , " met his wife , Teresa , who is white , through the site in 2006 .
A year later , the couple married .
" I do n't feel as if ethnicity for us was a big issue , " said Schultz , of Indiana .
" It was more about personalities and having things in common that really drove us together . "
Yagan attributes the increase in interracial relationships to the Internet , which makes it easier to connect with someone of a different race .
People who live in a community where race is an issue can meet someone of another race more privately , than say , instead of having to start their relationship in a public setting .
" You do n't have to worry about what your friends are going to think , " he said .
" You can build the early parts of the relationship . "
May 28 , 2010
To our customers , This letter is addressed to the loyal customers of Camera Bits who have been pleading for us to create an " app " for the iPad from Apple ( an " app " being something less than an " application " of course ) .
Many people think that an app for the iPad ( or iPhone etc ) , even a simple one , is a " no brainer " and are disappointed that we have n't done this already .
We are kindly pestered by this daily and thank you for all of the attention and suggestions !
Well , it is n't that simple and I will explain why in only three pages .
Given the fact that Photo Mechanic is already widely used on laptops for field editing , I 'm sure many photographers would prefer to carry less weight and see Photo Mechanic on a phone or tablet device such as the iPad .
Unfortunately , these devices currently are n't nearly as powerful as laptops or even NetBooks are .
For example the iPad only has 256 MB of RAM of which approximately one half ( or 128 MB ) is available to the running app .
Photo Mechanic running on a MacBook Pro can have as much as 4 GB of RAM available to it .
The amount of RAM is key since that is what software relies upon to do its work .
A 20 megapixel camera requires 60 MB of RAM , or about HALF of the RAM available to an iPad app , to hold a single uncompressed image in working memory .
Therefore it is clear that a full version of the Photo Mechanic " application " simply is n't possible for these devices .
Still , there are legitimate requests for a much slimmed - down utility for sending a handful of photos from the field via FTP or email , especially with the release of the glorified iPad ( as if its particular features only now create an opportunity for such an app to exist ) .
And now with the iPad Camera Connection Kit ( CCK ) you would expect that it would be a slam - dunk to create a simple app that would browse photos on the flash card ( hopefully supporting CF via a card reader , not just SD or tethered to the camera ) .
Then you could choose a photo , rename , add metadata and upload it , making a sweet little package for editing and transmitting photos in the field .
So we managed to get our hands on a few iPads and the CCKs to investigate .
Well like your parents probably told you , if something sounds too good to be true , it probably is n't real and you should be suspicious of it .
Do your homework .
Unfortunately that is likely the case for the iPad and professional photography : not so sweet .
The hitch is due to the restrictions Apple places on third - party apps for the iPad ( in the iPhone OS ) , namely that the apps do n't have direct file access to the photos on the flash card , or any files outside of the app's " sandbox " for that matter .
On the iPad the photos must first be imported into the " photo library " using the built - in " Photos " app .
Then you could presumably switch to a third - party app to browse your photo library and do your work .
But right now it is impossible to create an app that works directly with the original photos ( or movies etc ) on a flash card .
Everything must start and go through the built - in " Photos " app .
Unfortunately if you have actually used the iPad Photos app you will know this is n't a very friendly process if you take a lot of photos , are on deadline , and need to choose and ingest only a few photos for timely posting .
Unless you know which photo you want , either because it is visually distinct or , say , the last one , good luck identifying the desired photo given the tiny thumbnails that the Photos app provides .
The Photos app does n't even show the filenames , eliminating a possible workaround .
Of course if you have plenty of time and do n't mind " ingesting " the entire card into the photo library ( and you have enough space left on your iPad ) , then perhaps this is a workable scenario .
However the " image picker controller " provided to third - party apps to browse the photo library is worse than the Photos app – a double whammy of inconvenience .
More on that later .
Furthermore , if you are using compact flash ( CF ) cards as with most pro DSLR cameras , then connecting directly to the camera by USB appears to be the only reliable solution ( and the only official solution according to Apple ) .
Unfortunately for pros it is much slower ( and wasteful of battery power ) to use the camera as a card reader , especially when compared to using a speedy reader such as via Firewire 800 on a Mac laptop for example .
We were able to connect a few different USB compact flash readers to the USB adapter of the CCK , but they only worked on some CF cards .
Other CF cards would produce an " accessory uses too much power " error message when the card was inserted into the same reader .
Also , when using the CCK part with the USB port and a cable to a camera or card reader , it is very easy to accidentally disconnect the CCK part from the iPad 's dock connector since the CCK connector does n't lock and it does n't take much sideways force to break the connection ( a simple mini- USB port is a much better connection ) .
I accidentally disconnected a link to my camera once and I had a difficult time getting Photos to recognize the camera again : it required a " restart " of the iPad .
Unless you are good with gaffers tape and can better fasten this connection , you will need to find a stable surface to do your ingesting using the USB port of the CCK .
If you are using SD format flash cards , supported by some recent or higher - end DSLR cameras , then the CCK Reader part is a more reliable physical connection .
If your camera only uses CF cards , you could get a SD to CF adapter such as the one from Jobo and see if that works to fool your CF camera into writing onto an SD card .
Then you could pull the SD card from the CF adapter and use the CCK SD Reader .
However , using a SD - CF adapter may adversely affect the write speed in the camera compared to a true CF card and therefore not be suitable for sports etc because it would limit the effective burst speed ( hence burst depth ) .
So lets pretend you have all this worked out with a reliable connection to read your photos , and you can live with the Photos app as a gateway to select your photos and slowly " ingest " them into the iPad 's photo library .
Now that your photos are on your iPad , here comes even more bad news .
When an app wants to access your photos , the only interface that the app can provide , the " image picker controller , " is worse than the Photos app !
Not only is the interface itself poor , allowing you to only pick one photo at a time , but the end result is the final nail in the coffin .
Now that a photo is in YOUR library , you would think an app could read the photo in its original state – in other words , be able to treat the photo as a file that you can read and write to , just as if it were on the flash card you read it from .
But that is not the case since all you get from the " image picker " are the PIXELS at full resolution .
Hopefully this does n't crash your app when loading a 20 + megapixel image with only 128MB of available RAM .
Worse still , this is like copying and pasting pixels into a new Photoshop document , just like the thieves do to steal your photos and strip all of your metadata .
In fact all of your Exif metadata from the camera , even the FILE NAME is gone : its only pixels .
Check this link if you do n't believe us .
This is n't to say that your original photos are lost ; they are still there in your iPad 's photo library gobbling up space .
But as far as we can tell , you would need to connect to a real computer ( MacOS or Windows ) to sync with to retrieve your original photos off of the iPad , using iPhoto of course ( an updated version no doubt ) .
Better to keep the original flash card and ingest everything later using Photo Mechanic and a fast card reader .
The bottom line is that the requirement to use the iPad Photos app to access your photos on a flash card , plus the connectivity issues , means the iPad is not something that a professional would likely tolerate .
And the inability for apps to read photos in their original form and location prevents developers from creating an app , even a simple one , that would be useful for professionals .
Forget about workflows used by large organizations that rely upon metadata such as the camera serial number .
From what we can surmise , the iPad is meant for the consumption of media , not the production of media content .
If Apple changes their mind or provides some other type of direct iPhone OS / SDK access to the photos on a card ( or in a camera ) , then we will investigate further the possibility of a mobile app for the iPad .
At this point it is darn near impossible for us to provide what we would consider a useful app , something besides a gimmick or curiosity .
We 're sorry .
Talk to Apple and let them know you can't justify buying their devices until they open up access for apps to read YOUR photos directly from YOUR flash card .
And tell Apple that you want another CCK part that allows a CF card to be inserted directly .
Apple should provide developers with the same access to flash cards that Apple 's own built - in apps have .
It would be disappointing to rely only upon Apple 's apps to do your work , especially given the current experience using the iPad Photos app .
And scarier still would be the possibility that an improved app from Camera Bits or anyone else could " duplicate existing functionality " and be summarily rejected from the iTunes store for sale ( regardless of how many Pulitzer photographers would like to use it ) .
For now , we recommend that if you want to have a smaller , more lightweight field editing computer , that you get a NetBook and put the full Windows version of Photo Mechanic onto it ( along with other software you may find useful ) .
You would have all the features of Photo Mechanic , plus a real keyboard , in a speedier and more reliable package just slightly bigger ( but a lot less expensive ) than an iPad .
Even if you are a diehard Mac user , Photo Mechanic works the same on a PC so it is not difficult to adapt to using a Windows OS host .
Going forward , as far as " smaller than netbook " mobile devices , Google 's Android OS looks promising since it apparently does n't have the same restrictive " sandbox " issues on accessing the flash card that the iPad ( iPhone OS ) has .
More importantly there will be many variations of tablets from several vendors offering a choice of features as needed for your job .
For example with the purpose of selecting photos and transmitting , I think a 5 - inch display ( 800x480 ) would be sufficient .
The key feature you will need to look for is USB " host " support so that the device can talk to a camera or an attached card reader ( CF or SD ) .
In summary , thank you again for considering Camera Bits as a solutions provider for your mobile photo workflow .
We will do our best to address your needs as much as possible with regards to an app for the iPad , but for now we suggest that you plan on using alternate , more open mobile solutions for professional apps .
Sincerely , Dennis WalkerFounder and PresidentCamera Bits , Inc .
It 's pretty easy to make something offensive : Just add Nazis or epithets !
But the Something Awful Forum Goons put in some extra effort by converting their simple , off - putting concepts into realistic - looking board games .
To paraphrase Josh " Livestock " Boruff 's disclaimer from 2005 's " Offensive Cereals " installment , these images ( and probably any images included in an update with " offensive " in the title ) will indeed be offensive , and as such might not be suitable for good - hearted people as well as those of pure soul .
Everyone else , enjoy / see you in hell !
NAG
SlightButSteady
Gorilla Codpiece
VectorSigma
Gary Lauder envisions a world where motorists wait their turn at intersections when there ’s traffic , and proceed cautiously when there is n’t .
Such intersections would be marked not by a Stop sign or a Yield sign but a melding of the two .
Call it a Stield sign .
Or maybe a Yop sign .
Lauder is n’t a traffic engineer .
He ’s a venture capitalist .
The mashup he proposes would require stopping when others are in the intersection but allow proceeding when they are n’t .
The idea is not , as has been suggested , an effort to make us more polite drivers .
Rather , it is a call to let motorists , when appropriate , do what is best — keep moving .
“ My sign has nothing to do with courtesy , ” he told Wired.com .
“ It has only to do with allowing people to legally do what is optimal for the environment , for them and for their car . ”
The idea first occurred to Lauder 27 years ago when he was cited for rolling through a Stop sign under circumstances he says were entirely safe .
We ’ve all done it , and it got him thinking about why the law would require us to stop when it is n’t strictly necessary .
He made a note of it , but did n’t pursue it until invited to speak at this year ’s TED conference .
“ I ’ve been frustrated that no one else has thought about it , ” he says .
“ The reason I did this is I ’ve been waiting for someone to fix this problem and no one has .
Innovation does n’t happen very often with street signs . ”
Lauder says adopting his mashup will increase efficiency and fuel economy , and save us time and money .
As he sees it , it ’s incredibly wasteful to stop when no one is around .
Everyone knows slowing to a stop and then accelerating away burns more fuel — and emits more pollution — than simply maintaining your speed .
He ’s onto something .
The fact is , our streets are designed with many inefficiencies .
How many times have you had to wait at a traffic light when there was no one around ?
Or stop at Stop sign on a desolate stretch of road ?
Lauder found several studies examining the issue and used data from Stanford University , traffic engineers in Troy , Michigan .
and elsewhere as the basis of his presentation .
He offers an example of a T - shaped intersection where a side road joins a thoroughfare .
Installing a stop sign on the side road is logical , he says .
But it makes no sense on the thoroughfare .
Let ’s say more than 3,000 cars use that thoroughfare each day .
Lauder estimates it requires two ounces of gasoline to accelerate away from the sign .
That much gas costs about a nickel and would come to $ 141 in wasted fuel each day .
That ’s $ 51,363 a year for each stop sign .
And your time ?
Granted , motorists were delayed by just 10 seconds stopping at one of the signs .
But that adds up to 8.3 hours per day .
If you figure the average hourly wage is $ 20 , that comes to $ 167 per day and $ 60,875 per year .
So one stop sign costs us $ 112,238 a year in lost gas and time .
“ I cited several studies ” to arrive at that figure , he says , “ but was more conservative in my figures .
I absolutely was surprised .
I knew it was a waste that adds up , but I did n’t know how much of a waste . ”
Lets back up a sec to recall the history of the Stop and Yield signs — which , by the way , are known as uniform traffic - control devices .
The Federal Highway Administration says the first Stop sign appeared in Detroit in 1915 .
The earliest of them were yellow with black backgrounds .
The octagonal shape became the standard in 1922 and the red-and - white combination came around in 1954 .
The Yield sign is a little more interesting .
It was invented by an Oklahoma state trooper named Clinton Riggs and first used in Tulsa in 1950 .
Riggs only invented the sign , not the rule behind it , which essentially states motorists must prepare to stop for other traffic but may proceed if the way is clear .
It is a judgment call for drivers , kind of like a perpetual yellow traffic light .
Here in the United States , these signs have not changed much in the past 60 years .
It must be noted that Lauder is not talking about replacing Stop and Yield signs at all intersections , only at those three - and four - way stops where a minor road intersects a major road .
Stop signs would remain on the minor road .
Of course there must be sufficient sight lines to ensure motorists can see the entire intersection and anything approaching it .
And we ’d need a public education campaign to change behavior .
But Lauder ’s suggestion is n’t so radical — it ’s basically a riff on the roundabouts long used in Europe and slowly catching on in the United States .
As Lauder notes in his presentation , roundabouts are safer than traffic signals .
Adopting his sign would be far cheaper than building roundabouts , or could provide a transition until such infrastructure is more common .
Lauder ’s taken some flack for his suggestion but says most of it comes from people who have n’t actually read his information or watched his presentation at TED .
He ’s pitched the idea to the Federal Highway Administration , which politely told him there is a procedure for testing an idea like his .
In a nutshell , a state or local traffic agency must agree to a controlled test .
Because such a test would require educating a majority of local drivers about the new sign , it is best suited to a small town , Lauder says .
“ The cost of replacing signs is small , and I would be happy to help in some way if that made a difference , ” he says .
“ But the main thing is finding a small town where everyone agrees it ’s something worth trying . ”
If anyone ’s got suggestions …
Images : Gary Lauder
But that did n’t stop some evil - genius brand designers from trying to sneak cigarette ads onto the cars –in the form of an abstracted bar code that subtly name - checked the bar codes on cigarette packs , and the Marlboro packet at the same time :
That Ferrari F1 car you see above does n’t look like dinosaur , but it is :
Though the team has be sponsored by Marlboro for years , the EU has banned cigarette ads on F1 cars in 2007 .
The pressure , in this case , came from numerous anti-smoking groups in the EU , who blasted Ferrari for its subliminal advertising .
As the Times of London reported :
Don Elgie , chief executive of Creston , which owns the advertising
agency DLKW , said he thought that the bar code was subliminal
advertising –where a brand is so recognizable that consumers can be
reminded of a product without actually seeing it .
John Britton , a Fellow of the Royal College of Physicians and
director of its tobacco advisory group , said : “ The bar code looks like
the bottom half of a packet of Marlboro cigarettes .
I was stunned when I
saw it .
This is pushing at the limits .
If you look at how the bar code
has evolved over the last four years , it looks like creeping branding . ”
The Times dutifully trotted the design out to the man on the streets , and lo and behold , people picked up the subtle design cues .
The interest came only now because though the F1 season is already four races in , the races are only set to arrive in Europe next month .
Ferrari ’s president , Luca di Montezmolo ( who ’s pictured above , in the suit ) , reacted with a mix of Italian panache and outrage :
Frankly , I find this argument completely pointless and it is
verging on the ridiculous to claim that the color red or a graphic
design which shows a bar code could induce people to smoke .
At a time when , on the other side of the Atlantic they are
fighting to provide a more equal health service , in the old continent of
Europe , so called experts are racking their brains to come up with
theories that have no scientific basis .
Deft .
And also hilarious :
If the bar code was n’t meant to represent anything , what inspired its design ?
Ferrari , of course , had every incentive to find a clever work - around of the law .
Marlboro ’s deal with the F1 team comes in at $ 1 billion , and somewhere north of $ 100 million a year .
Ferrari gets an “ A+ ” for branding .
And an “ A+ ” for dastardly creativity .
The question for them is whether Marlboro will now decamp .
That could be a crippling blow , since F1 teams cost over $ 400 million a year to field .
If you have n’t seen this clip , you ’ll love it !
President Barack Obama is ripping into his Republican opponents , accusing them of refusing to help rebuild America after having " created the mess " and driving the economy " into the ditch . "
Obama told a Democratic fundraising event in New York late Thursday that despite one of the busiest and most accomplished legislative sessions in recent memory , he witnessed " our friends on the other side of the aisle fall all over themselves to argue otherwise . "
" You would have thought at a time of historic crisis that Republican leaders would have been more willing to help us find a way out of this mess — particularly since they created the mess , " Obama said .
" We all have a stake in cleaning it up .
We ’re not Democrats or Republicans first — we ’re Americans first . "
About our implementation support
Over 90 % of our customers install eComStation themselves , without additional support .
We support legacy IBM OS / 2 installations .
By updating and replacing various OS / 2 based machines and environments , we gained the experience to be your reliable partner .
We can offer you consulting , testing support , programming as well as on - site support .
Criminal Defense Attorneys in San Antonio , TX
The criminal defense attorneys at Goldstein & Orr in San Antonio , Texas , represent clients charged with crimes in both state and federal court .
For more than 70 years , the firm has served clients from the 29th Floor of the historic Tower Life Building at 310 S St Mary 's Street in San Antonio , Texas .
For the past 45 years , the firm has been devoted exclusively to criminal defense .
The attorneys with the firm and the loyal support staff are proud of the firm 's distinguished history and reputation for zealously defending clients charged with a crime .
The attorneys at Goldstein & Orr have been elected by their colleagues to lead many of the top local , state and national legal organizations .
The attorneys are frequently asked to speak at the most prominent legal seminars on criminal defense topics throughout the country .
Our office is open from 9 a.m. until 5 p.m. each day .
Call to schedule an office consultation to speak directly with the attorney .
We also provide free initial consultations and welcome your calls .
Goldstein &
Orr represents clients in the greater San Antonio area including Bexar County , surrounding communities in Texas and throughout the United States .
BP has now dropped 14 % today alone , and who knows how many percent over the past month .
Here are the biggest shareholder losers : # 1 : State Street , with 43.4 million shares has lost $ 260 million today , # 2 : Wellington , 34.8 mm , $ 209 million , # 3 : Barrow Hanley , 16.7 mm , $ 100 mm ; # 4 : Bank of America , 13.9 mm , $ 83 mm ; and # 5 : State Farm , 13 mm , $ 78 million .
That 's half a billion in losses for the top 5 holders today alone .
And this list does n't even include Anadarko , Transocean , or Halliburton .
That 's some serious dumb money margin calls coming at the end of trading today .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - BP
Plc told congressional investigators on Tuesday that pressure tests on a drill pipe showed a fundamental mistake hours before the deadly explosion that caused the Gulf of Mexico oil leak , a memo released by two congressmen showed .
The memo by Representatives Henry Waxman and Bart Stupak , who were briefed by BP about the progress of its internal investigation , also said problems were found in equipment meant to provide fail - safe protection against a blow out .
A BP investigator indicated to the lawmakers that the fundamental mistake may have been made because heavy pressure on the drill line of 1,400 pounds per square inch ( 98 kg per square cm ) was an “ indicator of a very large abnormality . ”
The memo did not indicate who made decisions after the problem was found .
BP and Transocean , the owner and operator of the rig , had supervisors on the rig when it exploded .
About two hours before the explosion that killed 11 workers and caused the leak that is still gushing oil , the rig team was satisfied a test on another line was successful , the BP investigator said .
BP would not comment on the memo .
A Transocean spokesman blamed BP for the disaster , saying , “ A well is constructed and completed the same way a house is built -- at the direction of the owner and the architect .
And in this case , that ’s BP . ”
Slideshow ( 7 images )
The congressional memo said BP data showed there were numerous problems with production equipment .
Nearly five hours before the explosion , an unexpected loss of fluid was observed in the well ’s riser pipe .
That suggests “ there were leaks in the annual preventer , ” a rubber gasket in the blowout preventer , the memo said .
Waxman and Stupak chair the House Energy and Commerce Committee ’s investigative subcommittee , which has reviewed over 105,000 pages of internal documents from BP , rig owner Transocean Ltd , Halliburton Co , and blowout preventer manufacturer Cameron .
The memo said the BP investigation has also raised concerns about the maintenance history , modification , and inspection of the blowout preventer .
Officials from BP and Transocean are scheduled to testify before congressional panels on Thursday .
According to BP , there also were three warning signs of problems with unwanted flow in the well starting 51 minutes before the explosion .
About 18 minutes before the explosion abnormal pressure leaks of the fluids known as mud meant to keep oil and gas capped were observed and the pump was shut down .
“ The data suggests that the crew may have attempted mechanical interventions at that point to control the pressure , but soon after , the flow out and pressure increased dramatically and the explosion took place , ” the memo said .
THE controversial trial of secular ethics classes has '' decimated ' '
Protestant scripture classes in the 10 NSW schools where it has been introduced as an alternative for non-religious children , with the classes losing about 47 per cent of enrolled students .
The figure was calculated by the Sydney Anglican diocese , which is so concerned about the trial that it has created a fund - raising website to '' protect SRE '' ( special religious education ) .
The website says the values underpinning '' Australia 's moral framework ' ' are under threat .
In February , Archbishop Peter Jensen lobbied Kristina Keneally against the trial .
Credit : Domino Postiglione
The website , created by Youthworks , a department of the diocese , says the objective of the ethics trial is '' to not only remove Jesus Christ from the state school system , but from the consciousness and hearts of the next generation ' ' .
'' If we lose religious education , we risk losing true , fundamental ' ethics ' that have underpinned Australia 's moral framework for hundreds of years , '' the website says .
Researchers at Rensselaer Polytechnic
Institute have developed a simple new method for producing large quantities of the promising nanomaterial graphene .
The new technique works at room temperature , needs little processing , and paves the way for cost - effective mass production of graphene .
An atom - thick sheet of carbon arranged in a honeycomb structure , graphene has unique mechanical and electrical properties and is considered a potential heir to copper and silicon as the fundamental building block of nanoelectronics .
Since graphene 's discovery in 2004 , researchers have been searching for an easy method to produce it in bulk quantities .
A team of interdisciplinary researchers , led by Swastik Kar , research assistant professor in the Department of Physics , Applied Physics , and Astronomy at Rensselaer , has brought science a step closer to realizing this important goal .
By submerging graphite in a mixture of dilute organic acid , alcohol , and water , and then exposing it to ultrasonic sound , the team discovered that the acid works as a " molecular wedge , " which separates sheets of graphene from the parent graphite .
The process results in the creation of large quantities of undamaged , high - quality graphene dispersed in water .
Kar and team then used the graphene to build chemical sensors and ultracapacitors .
" There are other known techniques for fabricating graphene , but our process is advantageous for mass production as it is low cost , performed at room temperature , devoid of any harsh chemicals , and thus is friendly to a number of technologies where temperature and environmental limitations exist , " Kar said .
" The process does not need any controlled environment chambers , which enhances its simplicity without compromising its scalability .
This simplicity enabled us to directly demonstrate high - performance applications related to environmental sensing and energy storage , which have become issues of global importance . "
Results of the study , titled " Stable Aqueous Dispersions of Non-Covalently Functionalized Graphene from Graphite and their Multifunctional High - Performance Applications , " were published online by the journal Nano Letters .
The study will also be the cover story of the November print edition of Nano Letters .
Graphene eluded scientists for years but was finally made in the laboratory in 2004 with the help of a common office supply -- clear adhesive tape .
Graphite , the common material used in most pencils , is made up of countless layers of graphene .
Researchers at first simply used the gentle stickiness of tape to pull layers of graphene from a piece of graphite .
Today , graphene fabrication is much more sophisticated .
The most commonly used method , however , which involves oxidizing graphite and reducing the oxide at a later stage in the process , results in a degradation of graphene 's attractive conductive properties , Kar said .
His team took a different route .
The researchers dissolved 1 - pyrenecarboxylic acid ( PCA ) in a solution of water and methanol , and then introduced bulk graphite powder .
The pyrene part of PCA is mostly hydrophobic , and clings to the surface of the also - hydrophobic graphite .
The mixture is exposed to ultrasonic sound , which vibrates and agitates the graphite .
As the molecular bonds holding together the graphene sheets in graphite start to weaken because of the agitation , the PCA also exploits these weakening bonds and works its way between the layers of graphene that make up the graphite .
Ultimately , this coordinated attack results in layers of graphene flaking off of the graphite and into the water .
The PCA also helps ensure the graphene does not clump and remains evenly dispersed in the water .
Water is benign , and is an ideal vehicle through which graphene can be introduced into new applications and areas of research , Kar said .
" We believe that our method also will be useful for applications of graphene which require an aqueous medium , such as biomolecular experiments with living cells , or investigations involving glucose or protein interactions with graphene , " he said .
Using ultrathin membranes fabricated from graphene , the research team developed chemical sensors that can easily identify ethanol from within a mixture of different gases and vapors .
Such a sensor could possibly be used as an industrial leakage detector or a breath - alcohol analyzer .
The researchers also used the graphene to build an ultra - thin energy - storage device .
The double - layer capacitor demonstrated high specific capacitance , power , and energy density , and performed far superior to similar devices fabricated in the past using graphene .
Both devices show great promise for further performance enhancements , Kar said .
Co-authors on the Nano Letters paper are Rensselaer Post Doctoral Research Associate Xiaohong An ; Assistant Professor Kim M. Lewis ; Clinical Professor and Center for Integrated Electronics Associate Director Morris Washington ; and Professor Saroj Nayak , all of the Department of Physics , Applied Physics , and Astronomy ; Rensselaer doctoral student Trevor Simmons of the Department of Chemistry and Chemical Biology ; along with Rakesh Shah , Christopher Wolfe , and Saikat Talapatra of the Department of Physics at Southern Illinois University Carbondale .
The research project was supported by the Interconnect Focus Center New York at Rensselaer , as well as the National Science Foundation ( NSF ) Division of Electrical , Communications and Cyber Systems .
Enlarge By J.D. Pooley for USA TODAY Rosa Zartman , 23 , a 2009 University of Toledo graduate , works in the school 's solar lab .
Seeking Solutions is an occasional series on city , state and grass - roots efforts to solve some of the USA 's long - standing societal problems .
TOLEDO 
This city is trying to swap its Rust Belt image for a new identity as a hub of solar - energy research and production .
The mission is being led by an unusual partnership of business , academia and government that could be a model for other aging industrial cities .
" We are ready to do anything ; we are ready to try anything , " says University of Toledo President Lloyd Jacobs .
Like many manufacturing cities , Toledo has struggled with the loss of jobs and tax revenue , but it has taken pieces of its past as the glass capital to create a new future in solar energy .
DROPOUT FACTORIES : Program fights truancy at young age BACKYARD COTTAGES : Extra income in Seattle DELINQUENTS : For D.C. , hope in treating young offenders
The payoff so far :
At least 6,000 people work in the area 's solar industry .
First Solar ( FSLR ) , which makes solar panels , was founded here and employs more than 1,000 at its 900,000 - square - foot plant here .
There are more than a dozen solar - related start - up companies in the area .
The University of Toledo is home to top solar researchers and has a business incubator that provides business services to solar entrepreneurs .
It has graduated four solar companies and is working with six more .
Owens Community College , which had 13 students in its first solar class in 2004 , has trained 255 solar installers .
" In the solar world , Toledo is a hot spot , " says Xunming Deng , a physics professor on leave from the University of Toledo .
He 's developing Xunlight , the company he founded here in 2002 to produce thin , flexible solar panels .
It has about 100 employees .
" Toledo is really emerging as a hotbed of activity for the solar industry , " says Monique Hanis of the Solar Energy Industries Association , a trade group based in Washington .
She compares Toledo 's solar commitment to that of New Mexico and California .
In California , an initiative was started in 2006 to steer $ 3 billion in incentives to solar projects by 2016 .
New Mexico offers tax credits to solar generators and has made expanding clean - energy jobs and exports a priority .
Toledo's evolution as a center of the solar industry is the result of a unique , communitywide effort that includes representatives of the city , Lucas County , Rep. Marcy Kaptur , D - Ohio , economic development groups , the university and community college — with money from the state and federal governments .
The impetus for collaboration came when Toledo 's per-capita income , in the nation 's top 10 in the 1970s , sank to the bottom 10 by 2000 , says Rick Stansley , chairman of the board of the University of Toledo 's Innovation Enterprises , which helps companies turn university research into commercial products .
The officials from government , academia and business who are steering Toledo 's transformation call themselves " the partners " and meet monthly .
The partners decided about two years ago that the only way to revive the area 's economy as manufacturing jobs in the glass and auto parts industries disappeared was to bring its major institutions together to think boldly and share responsibility for creating jobs .
Before then , Stansley says , " We did n't have a common vision .
People were parochial . "
In the 1990s , says Ford Weber , president of the Lucas County Improvement Corp. , community leaders were focused on keeping major employers in the city .
" While we were doing that , we really could n't reinvent our economy , " he says .
Stansley , one of the partners , says , " You can argue for incremental change if things are good enough .
Until they get bad enough , you can't talk about transformational change . "
Once things got bad enough — the unemployment rate was 3.6 % in December 2000 and 12.1 % in April — the effort to remake Toledo took root .
The university recruited renowned solar researchers .
It tore down the traditional separation between institutions of higher education and the cities in which they 're located , offering to share its expertise .
" We belong to the community , and our fate is linked inextricably to the community , " Jacobs says .
" We 're working daily to create jobs .
In fact , it is our single most important motivator . "
A history of manufacturing After it was founded in 1833 on the western edge of Lake Erie , Toledo became a crossroads for railroads and a center for factories that made furniture , carriages and glass .
Owens Corning , Libbey Glass and other glass companies originated here , giving Toledo its nickname : Glass City .
Auto parts makers and auto assembly plants followed .
As jobs in those traditional manufacturing industries receded in the 1980s , interest in solar energy was growing .
Today , Toledo still has glass factories , including a giant Libbey plant on the edge of downtown , but there are plenty of unused warehouses and closed manufacturing plants .
Frank Calzonetti , the university 's vice president for research and economic development , says the seeds of Toledo 's solar industry germinated in the late Harold McMaster 's basement laboratory .
McMaster , a physicist , founded Glasstech Solar in 1984 , then Solar Cells , which explored with University of Toledo scientists ways to produce solar energy with thin , lightweight and flexible film .
The raw materials used in thin - film solar products are cheaper and more versatile than those made from silicon .
In 1999 , McMaster 's company was sold and became First Solar .
McMaster 's collaboration with the university , fueled by research grants and focused on thin - film technology , was the foundation for today 's team approach to the solar industry here , says Al Compaan , a recently retired chairman of the university 's Department of Physics and Astronomy .
Turning solar research into jobs was " in the back of people 's minds for most of this process , " he says .
When First Solar went public in 2006 with an initial public offering of $ 20 a share , Calzonetti says , it was " a defining moment .
People said , ' Wow , this is big . ' " ( The stock closed at $ 107.53 a share Monday , even though it 's down nearly 21 % this year . )
Since then , all of " the partners " have worked to put the people , programs and policies in place to make this a birthplace and destination for companies that make , design and install solar energy :
• The university has a School of Solar and Advanced Renewable Energy , a Center for Photovoltaics Innovation and Commercialization , and a team of nationally renowned researchers .
This fall , it will offer the equivalent of an MBA for students in physics and engineering who want to run solar companies .
Its Scott Park Campus is devoted to — and powered by — alternative energy , including the state 's largest array of linked solar panels .
" We start with education , we have research , we have incubation , we have commercialization and we go all the way to economic development , " says Nina McClelland , dean of the College of Arts and Sciences .
• The Toledo - Lucas County Port Authority is spending millions of dollars to double in size , improve railroad access and buy two mobile cargo cranes to make it easier for solar manufacturers to ship their products , says President Paul Toth .
• The Regional Growth Partnership has a venture fund that has helped spawn 68 companies , about a third of them in solar and other alternative - energy fields , says President Steve Weathers .
• Owens Community College tailors its solar programs to meet the specific needs of new companies and retraining workers who once worked in other industries .
Students range in age from " 18 to 50 and beyond , " says Joe Peschel , who works with companies to devise customized training .
Dan Klear , 57 , retired in 2008 from a General Motors plant after 37 years .
He had always been intrigued by solar power : 26 years ago he installed a solar thermal collector in his home .
He took a solar class at Owens and with two partners founded Superior Energy Solutions , which designs and installs solar , wind and other sustainable energy systems .
In the next five to 10 years , Klear predicts , solar and wind power will become " standard fare for a new home . "
For some people here , advancing solar technology is n't just a job — it 's a moral imperative .
Rosa Zartman , 23 , a 2009 University of Toledo graduate with a degree in applied physics , works in the school 's solar lab .
She says she 's honored to be " part of the solution to reduce humanity 's impact on the world . "
Working hand in hand John Witte 56 , is another beneficiary of Toledo 's experiment in reinvention .
Advanced Distributed Generation , the solar design and installation company he founded with two partners , was shaped in the University of Toledo incubator and is still headquartered there .
Witte worked for companies in Arizona and Colorado that tested solar systems before he went back to school for an engineering degree and founded his own company .
Now he can quiz scientists on campus about the technology he uses .
The business school did some marketing research for him .
His company installed four of the university 's solar facilities .
He 's seeking a grant that would fund research on smart grids .
He often puts students from Owens Community College to work so they can get on - the - job training .
Witte has 10 employees and hopes to add more soon .
" We started as two men and a truck , " he says .
" We just opened an office in Michigan and are about to open one in Florida . "
Deng says his company probably would n't exist without the collective commitment to solar energy .
It 's rare , he says , for a university to put so much emphasis on commercialization of its research , and unusual for one to give a faculty member a five - year leave to build his own company .
Deng is principal investigator of a university group that is using a $ 1.4 million Department of Energy grant to find ways to make photovoltaic energy more affordable .
If that 's successful , he says , Toledo could become an even more important player in solar .
The partners know their work wo n't ever really end .
April 's 12.1 % unemployment rate , though better than January 's 13.6 % , is a sign that old - style manufacturing jobs are being lost in this city of 293,000 faster than green jobs are being created .
Patrick McLean , the city 's finance director , says the city income tax that makes up about three - fourths of its general fund was $ 141 million last year — down from a peak of $ 169 million in 2007 — and is projected to drop to $ 138 million this year .
" Declining jobs mean declining income tax revenues , and declining revenues mean declining city services , " McLean says .
That adds urgency to Toledo's bid to redefine how industries mature by combining forces to shove solar to the forefront , Stansley says .
" We 're taking something that has typically been evolutionary and we 're trying to artificially accelerate it , " he says .
If it works , he says , the creation of jobs in the solar industry will help solve short - term problems , " but the most important thing we can do is create a culture of innovation in our community . "
Larry McDougle , president of Owens Community College , sees signs that both goals can be met .
" Solar is putting Toledo on the map , " he says .
" We used to be the Glass City .
We 're becoming the Solar City . "
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
It would piss me off too .
So , you 're not alone .
It would bother many , many other guys as well .
I think it 's a tendancy to be the Alpha male for our lady , we know that when a guy talks to a girls , most of the time , he has one thing on his mind , and we do n't want any other guy thinking that way about our girl .
PLEASE NOTE WHEN I SAY OUR I MEAN THE BOYFRIEND , IN THIS CASE YOU FOR YOUR LADY I think you need to realize that she is her own person .
Make it clear that it bothers you , but be nice .
Do n't be butt head and get all violent , threatening , insulting , etc. that many guys do .
That does n't help .
I 've heard of things like this happening with guys whodo n't know how to deal with things well , and it 's criminal , does n't show love , and shows stupidity .
If it bother you and she does n't do anything different accept messages from the ladies who flirt with you .
" What 's good for the goose is good for the gander " .
If the relationship is strong you 'll both pull out ok , if not than you 're better off without an unfaithfull girlfriend .
Published online 7 April 2010 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news.2010.169
News
Seaweed - rich diet leaves its mark on gut microbes .
Some Japanese people may be able to digest the seaweed used to wrap sushi thanks to genes from marine bacteria .
N. Young / iStockphoto
Genes picked up from a microbial hitch - hiker may enable some Japanese individuals to extract otherwise intractable nutrients from seaweed .
A study published this week in Nature1 suggests that a marine microbe — perhaps ingested on a sliver of seaweed — probably transferred genes that encode algae - munching enzymes to bacteria that live in the human gut .
The enzymes break down algal carbohydrates including one found in red algae of the genus Porphyra , best known to sushi lovers as nori .
Although gene transfer to gut microbes is suspected in other cases , this is the first clear - cut example in which a gut microbe has gained a new biological niche by snatching genes from an ingested bacterium , says Mirjam Czjzek , a chemist at the Pierre and Marie Curie University in Paris , one of the two researchers who led the study .
" Probably there are many more examples , " she says .
" It 's only because of this exotic niche and the very rare specificity of this enzyme that we were able to pinpoint where it came from . "
You are what you eat
Many of the microbes residing in the human gut are likely to be beneficial to their host .
Some may give their host a calorific boost by breaking down ingested plant carbohydrates that human enzymes cannot touch .
In Japan , where about 14 grams of seaweed are consumed per person each day , some of these indigestible carbohydrates come from the algae that wrap sushi rolls and form the basis for a variety of soups and salads .
Czjzek together with Gurvan Michel , a structural biologist also at the Pierre and Marie Curie University , and their colleagues found a new class of algae - degrading enzymes called β- porphyranases while hunting for proteins that break down algal biomass .
Porphyra — also known as nori .
M.D. Guiry
In the genome of the marine bacterium Zobellia galactanivorans they found enzymes that were similar to those that degrade the algal compounds agarose and carrageenans .
But the enzymes lacked a crucial region needed to recognize these polysaccharides .
Instead , the enzymes broke down a Porphyra polysaccharide called porphyran .
The team searched databases for related enzymes and found that they are all also made by marine microbes — except one found in the genome of a human gut bacterium called Bacteroides plebeius .
The bacterium also contained an enzyme that breaks down agarose .
Bacteroides bacteria containing these genes were only found in individuals with Japanese ancestry .
And on the basis of the similarity in DNA sequence and the finding that the two genes appear near others in the B. plebeius genome that appear to come from marine bacteria , the researchers concluded that the genes had been transferred from a marine bacterium to microbes living in the human gut .
Genetic riches
The results suggest that ingested bacteria may have provided a valuable genetic resource for gut microbes throughout human history , says Justin Sonnenburg , a microbiologist at Stanford University in California .
Zobellia galactanivorans may be one of many bacteria that have provided humans with useful genes .
D. Scornet
But as our food becomes increasingly sterile , our exposure to this genetic treasure chest is dwindling , he adds .
" We 've gone to great lengths in the developed world to decrease the microbial burden of food , and in doing so we have decreased food - borne illness , " he says .
" This is good , but it comes at a cost .
We 've eradicated this potentially beneficial microbial component . "
Western sushi eaters are unlikely to harbour nori-digesting bacteria , says Michel .
Gene - transfer events are extremely rare , and there would be little need for bacteria exposed to a Western diet to hang on to such genes , he adds .
" The biggest difference in Japan is the quantity of seaweed that is eaten every day , " he says .
" It is far higher than just eating sushi once a week .
I do n't think the pressure is high enough to keep the genes in our gut . "
Good evening y'all and wlecome to our coverage of tonight 's Group E match between Cameroon and Holland .
It 's fairly straightforward .
This match is to all intents and purposes a dead rubber , as Holland have already qualified for the next round and Cameroon can't .
That said , the Dutch need a point to guarantee they top the group , earning a second round match against Slovakia .
Finishing second would mean they 'll have to play Paraguay - much of a muchness really .
Tonight 's other Group E match , between Denmark and Japan , is a straight shoot - out to see who'll join Holland in the last 16 .
Denmark must win , while a draw will suffice for Japan .
Previously in Group E : Holland got their campaign off to a good start with a routine , but unimpressive win over Denmark in Johannesburg , while Japan saw off Cameroon in Bloemfontain .
In the next round of matches , Holland won ugly ( always a possibility with Dirk Kuyt in the team , types minute - by - minute reporter flinging rocks from his glasshouse ) against Japan in Durban , while Cameroon went down 2 - 1 to Denmark in a thrilling match in Pretoria .
Some match pointers with which to bore your friends and colleagues
• The only two previous matches between these two teams produced just one goal ( 0 - 0 in 1998 and a 1 - 0 win for Holland in 2006 )
• Holland are unbeaten in their three World Cup matches against African opposition ; however , they have failed to keep a clean sheet in any of these meetings .
• Cameroon were the first side to be knocked out of the 2010 World Cup .
The " Indomitable Lions " have won just one of their last 12 World Cup games
• Holland have conceded only two goals in their last six World Cup matches , keeping four clean sheets in the process
• Holland have won all 10 of their competitive matches since the end of Euro 2008
Team news from the wires : Winger Arjen Robben is on the bench again for Netherlands as coach Bert van Marwijk makes only one change - bringing in Khalid Boulahrouz for Gregory van der Wiel .
Robben missed the opening wins over Denmark and Japan with a hamstring strain and though he trained on Thursday , Van Marwijk has opted against risking his most creative player from the start .
Right - back Van der
Wiel is one of three Dutch players on a yellow card , who if cautioned again , would miss the next match .
Having made several changes for the second game after complaints from players , Paul Le Guen switches four for Thursday 's clash as Landry Nguemo , Jean Makoun , Gaetan Bong and Eric Choupo - Moting are all drafted in .
Cameroon : 16 - Hamidou Souleymanou ; 19 - Stephane Mbia , 7 - Landry Nguemo , 3 - Nicolas Nkoulou , 2 - Benoit Assou - Ekotto , 8 - Geremi , 11 - Jean Makoun , 6 - Alexandre Song , 9 - Samuel Eto'o , 13 - Eric Choupo - Moting , 12 - Gaetan Bong .
Subs : Kameni , Rigobert Song , Bassong , Emana , Chedjou , Webo , Idrissou , Matip , Aboubakar , Ndy Assembe .
Netherlands : 1 - Maarten Stekelenburg ; 12 - Khalid Boulahrouz , 3 - John Heitinga , 4 - Joris Mathijsen , 5 - Giovanni van Bronckhorst ; 7 - Dirk Kuyt , 6 - Mark van Bommel , 10 - Wesley Sneijder , 8 - Nigel de Jong , 23 - Rafael van der Vaart ; 9 - Robin van Persie .
Subs : Vorm , Van Der Wiel , Robben , Ooijer , De Zeeuw , Braafheid , Elia , Schaars , Babel , Afellay , Huntelaar , Boschker .
Referee : Pablo Pozo ( Chile )
Players on yellow cards who risk a suspension in the Last 16 : Holland : De Jong , Van Persie , Van Der Wiel .
Camero ... oh .
Players likely to pose problems for those who type minute - by - minute match reports : Holland : Maarten Stekekenburg , Joris Mathijsen , Wesley Sneijder , Rafael van der Vaart .
Cameroon : Hamidou Souleymanou , Stphane Mbia , Lanry Nguemo , Nicolas Nkoulou , Eric Choupo Moting .
Come back Poland , all is forgiven .
Players likely to cause titters of amusement whenever typed by minute - by - minute reporter : Gaeten Bong .
Not long now :
The players are out and the national anthems have been sung .
Cameroon wear their usual strip , while l'Oranje are kitted out in white shirts , blus shorts and white socks .
Samuel Eto'o and Gio van Bronckhorst exchange pennants and pleasantries , then the ref tosses the coin .
1 min : Eric Choupo - Moting and Samuel Eto'o do the needful , getting proceedings underway .
This is my second minute - by - minute report of the day and I did n't get any goals in the first one .
Here 's hoping this one delivers a few .
1 min : Geremi slides a pass down the right wing for Choupo - Moting to chase and the Cameroon keeps the ball in play , only to see his attempted cross blocked by Van Bronckhorst .
3 min : " Alex Song is on the pre-match team sheet but not on Fifa 's feed to the telly , " writes Edward Au .
" What 's going on ? "
I 'm not sure , Edward , but I do n't think he 's playing .
I 'm not sure who 's in for him , but I 'll find out .
5 min :
The match has got off to a promising start , with both teams having early shots on goal .
Both are straight at the goalkeeper , though .
Cameroon look the better so far .
6 min : Holland play the ball out of the back in an attempt to get something going .
They do n't get anything going .
7 min : Lille 's Aurélian Bayard Chedjou Fongang is the man in for Alex Song .
Mystery solved , now I can start concentrating on the match .
9 min : Good read from Cameroon goalkeeper Hamidou Souleymanou , who is quick off his line to be first on to a through - ball from Wesley Sneijder that was meant for Robin van Persie .
10 min : Dirk Kuyt concedes a corner as he blocks an attemped cross by Benoit Assou - Ekotto on the left touchline .
11 min : Holland win a throw - in that could n't be deeper inside their own half .
Van Bronkhorst flings the ball up the pitch .
12 min : " I thought any yellow or red card suspensions were cleared at the next level ?
All players start with a clean slate , so to speak , " writes Michael Grover .
You 're mistaken , Michael - that used to be the case , but I think this year they 're carried through to the quarter - finals , then scrapped .
It 's an attempt by Fifa to help players to avoid missing the final .
15 min :
It 's a lively game , but nothing is being created in the way of chances .
The mystery over Alex Song 's absence continues - apparently he's not injured , so it must be down to a late change of mind by Paul Le Guen .
A pre-match hissy - fit or bust - up , perhaps ?
16 min : Cameroon win a corner , which Geremi pokes towards the near post from the right quadrant .
Holland clear .
17 min : Dirk Kuyt gets booked - I 'm sorry to say I have not got the foggiest idea why .
Japan have gone one up against Denmark .
18 min : " Since Holland have only to play Slovakia in the next round , should n't Van Persie and de Jong go ahead and pick up their 2nd yellows here , " writes Apur Patel .
" Then they'd be free for the quarterfinals when they might actually be needed .
Surely , Holland 's Second XI could beat Slovakia .
Italy 's over - 40 team almost did . "
19 min : Holland go close .
From the left flank , Van Bronkhorst pings the ball into the path of Robin van Persie , who cannons a right - footed shot straight at the onrushing Hamidou Souleymanou .
Good save , although Van Persie made it easy for him .
20 min : I wonder if Rigobert Song , who 's looking more and more like some sort of shamanic wizard these days , will get brought on at some point to appear / get sent off in his fourth World Cup finals .
Is there a man or woman among us who would not like to see Messrs Song and Bong linking up for a late winner ?
23 min : Van Persie Gerrards what was supposed to be a raking 50 - yard cross - field pass out over the endline .
24 min : Van Bronkhorst picks out Van Der Vaart on the left of the penalty area with his back to goal .
He lays off to Sneijder , who tries to scurry past three Cameroon defenders and through on goal .
The Dutch No10 is given short shrift and crowded off the ball .
25 min : Stephane Mbia bundles Van Der Vaart cover as he waits for a dropping ball ( a football , not a testicle ) and Holland win a free - kick just to the right of the D outside the Cameroon penalty area .
26 min : Van Der Vaart whips in the ball , which bounces in front of Hamidou Souleymanou in the Cameroon goal .
He holds on well , earning himself a patronising pat on the head from Johnny Heitinga .
27 min :
In an email entitled " Irony ? " , Ianthe Mumford writes , regarding my entry on players that are likely to pose problems for those who type minute - by - minute reports .
" Should n't this be ' Stekelenburg ' ? " he / she writes .
D'oh !
29 min : Geremi crosses from the right and John Makoun leaps highest to get his head to it before - deep breath - Maarten Stekelenburg , with his ridiculously superfluous ' a ' and five - syllable surname , can punch clear .
Wide .
33 min : Japan go two - up in Rustenburg , which means Denmark will need at least three goals to qualify for the last 16 .
Meanwhile back at this particular ball - game , Dirk Kuyt shoots low and diagonally across the face of the Cameroon goal .
Wide , but not by much .
34 min : If Japan keep scoring goals and Cameroon win here , Holland could finish second in the group and have to play Paraguay instead of Slovakia .
Would they care ?
35 min : Cameroon embark on a counter - attack courtesy of left winger Gaeten Bong ... oh , hold on ...
HOLLAND HAVE SCORED .
GOAL !
Cameroon 0 - 1 Holland ( Van Persie 36 ) NUTS !!
Van Persie gallops down the right flank , plays a lovely one - two with ... I think , Van Der Vaart ... and then shoots low and diagonally through Souleymanou , who was unable to adjust his feet in time to block the shot and gets nutmegged .
37 min : After an impromptu bout of head - tennis in the Dutch penalty area , the ball drops kindly for Gaeten Bong , who tries to stab the ball into the bottom left - hand corner from six or seven yards out .
His shot is blocked by a defender and goes out for a corner , from which nothing comes .
39 min : Eto'o tries to beat the Holland offside trap and run on to a through - ball from Geremi , but the flag goes up .
Eto'o grins ruefully then gives his provider a McCartney - esque double thumbs aloft .
41 min : Great cross from Geremi out on the right wing .
Eto'o gets between Heitinga and Mathijsen but his control lets him down .
43 min : More mayhem in the Dutch penalty area , following another great delivery from the right by Geremi , aged 63 .
He dipping cross is only half cleared at the near post and drops nicely for Gaeten Bong , whose weak volley is stopped by Maarten Stekelenburg , whose name remains difficult to type .
44 min : Landry Nguemo plays a ball over the Dutch defence for Eto'o to chase .
Van Stelek ... Van Stekelb ... the Dutch goalkeeper reads the situation well and rushes to the edge of his penalty area to put a stop to the Cameroon striker 's gallop .
45 min : After one minute of injury time , the referee blows for the half - time tea .
As the teams file off the pitch , Arsenal team - mates Robin van Persie and Cameroon sub Alex Song exchange handshakes and a chat .
Half - time .
Half - time chat : " Will you be on the pod later , sticking it to AC Jimbo over the Italian 's early exit/ national humiliation ? " asks Steven Duggins .
I certainly will , Steven , although I think he might have suffered enough .
He 's here in the office hoarse and struggling to speak , having lost his voice shouting abuse at Howard Webb for disallowing that goal .
" FYI : the Dutch may be through to the last 16 but they 're taking this game very seriously , " writes Suresh Nair .
" The entire population seems to be in bars or in front of their TVs dressed in blinding orange and some are even playing orange vuvuzelas , I kid you not .
No -one 's talking about the stuttering Dutch offence in this WC - and as I say that Kuyt shoots one past goal ! "
" Although it 's been fairly boring to watch Holland in this tournament , it seems as if they 've finally learned how to win ugly , " writes Pjotr van Rooijen , who should be in their starting XI with a difficult - to - spell name like that .
" Even if I 'm not quite ready to see my team grind out 1 - 0 results just to progress , I 'd rather have us play like this and win the thing then by playing beautiful football and going out in the quarter finals . "
" Can you confirm who go the Dutch assist ? " enquires Adam Walker .
" Very important for the fantasy football team etc . "
I can confirm from replays that it was , as I suspected , Rafael van der Vaart .
Meanwhile in Rustenburg : I 've just seen that both Japan 's goals were sensational free - kicks .
I make that just three intentional goals from free - kicks we 've had in this tournament ( plus one fluke from - I think - a Nigerian ) , all from oriental players : two Japanese and a South Korean .
Second half : Holland get the second half started .
" Dude , I believe the preferred nomenclature is Asian - Asians , not oriental , " writes Stephen Skaff .
Yeah , you 're right , sorry about that .
It 's been a long day .
Brain tired .
47 min :
The ball trickles across the edge of the Dutch penalty area and under pressure from Boularouz , Eto'o steps over it so that it rolls into the path of Gaeten Bong .
His effort is blocked at the source .
48 min : The camera pans to Rigobert Song on the Cameroon bench .
He looks a picture of disgruntlement : chewing gum , arms folded , a look of sneering contempt on his face as he monitors the on - field action .
49 min : In Rustenburg , Japan almost go three up with yet another free - kick , but hit the post .
In Cape Town , Cameroon pass the ball around in midfield .
50 min : Van Persie is put through on goal with a defence - splitting pass , but is unable to shake off Nkoulou and Nguemo .
He pulls the trigger early , but Hamidou Souleymanou is well able for his low drive .
52 min : Stephen Skaff is back : " For legal cover , please credit the Coen brothers ' Big Lebowski , " he says .
I did n't even get the reference - like I say , it 's been a long day .
53 min : More Dutch pressure .
Kuyt tries to pick out Van Persie from the right channel after picking up a pass down the flank from Boularouz , but his effort is blocked .
55 min : Holland win a free - kick , 35 - 40 yards from the Cameroon goal , right of centre .
Sneijder tries his luck and is on target , but does n't trouble Cameroon goalkeeper Souleymanou .
56 min :
It is with great sorrow that I have to report he dream of a Song - Bong link - up is dead .
Cameroon substitution : Bong off , Vincent Aboubakar , who is just 18 years of age , on .
He ';s a striker who plays for Ligue 1 side Valenciennes in France , in case you were wondering .
59 min :
The number of superfluous Dutch As has just increased by two .
Holland substitution : Robin Van Persie on , Klaas Jan Huntelaar on .
Bah !
Or should I say , baah !
60 min : Cameroon go close , twice in quick succession .
Eto'o being denied by a last - ditch lunge from a defender to win a corner for his side .
From the corner , Landry Nguemo was teed up for a shot from distance , but his effort was saved .
61 min : Jean Makoun is teed up for a shot on goal by a wonderfully creative defence - splitting slide - rule pass from the young substitute , Aboubakar .
His low drive from seven yards is well saved by Maarten Stekelenburg .
63 min : Free - kick for Cameroon , a little outside the Holland penalty area , left of centre .
Vincent Aboubakar grabs the ball to take it , but Jean Makoun quite violently grabs the ball from him and hands it to Geremi .
He takes the kick and it 's blocked by Van Der Vaart in the wall .
He used his arm - penalty to Cameroon !!!
GOAL !
Cameroon 1 - 1 Holland ( Eto'o 65 ) Eto'o takes the spot - kick , blasting it chest - high to the goalkeeper 's right .
Stekelenburg went the right way , but the ball fizzed between his outstretched hand and the upright .
Good penalty .
66 min : After scoring , Eto'o jogged into the Holland goal , picked the ball out of the net and rushed back to the centre - circle .
He really wants to win this match .
Van Der Vaart was booked for the handball that cost his side the penalty and Holland made a substitution : Kuyt off , Hamburg 's Eljer Elia on .
68 min : Free - kick for Holland , in line with the right - hand edge of the Cameroon penalty area , about five yards outside it .
Huntelaar , or is it Sneijder ( my short - term memory is that shot ) tries his luck but Souleymanou is wise to his caper and saves comfortably .
68 min : Van Bronckhorst picks up a cheap booking for a clumsy challenge , Holland 's third caution of a match that has n't been dirty .
Corner for Cameroon , from which nothing comes .
70 min : Cameroon substitution : Eric Choupo - Moting off , Mohammadou Idrissou on .
Arjen Robben and Rigobert Song will be on shortly .
73 min : Holland substitution : Arjen Robben on to test his hamstrings , Rafael van der Vaart off .
Cameroon substitution : Nicolas Nkoulou off , Rigobert Song on to appear in his fourth consecutive World Cup .
" He looks like Neptune , " muses BBC match analyst Mark Lawrenson , making me laugh out loud for the first time ever .
All he 's missing is a crown made from sea-shells and a trident .
76 min : The BBC commentator reckons Rigobert Song is 33 years old .
And the rest , I 'd say you could add another 10 years to that .
77 min : Geremi pings the ball to Eto'o , standing with his back to goal just inside the Holland box .
He loses the ball and Holland clear their lines .
Whatever about playing in four different World Cups , if Rigobert Song can get a red card in the next 13 minutes he 'll have been sent off in three .
There 's a record worth having .
81 min : Holland win a free - kick from a foul that earns Stephane Mbia a yellow card .
He 'll miss the next ga ... oh .
Sneijder whips the ball in from the left and the ball is put out for another corner , which comes to nothing .
GOAL !
Cameroon 1 - 2 Holland ( Huntelaar 83 ) That 's a great goal .
With a caress from the outside of Sneijder 's boot , the ball 's played over the top for Robben to chase and he leaves Song , 33 , in his dust .
His first touch is poor and causes him to take the ball wide , but keeping his head , he cuts inside , takes the ball around Song and unleashes a curling shot that beats Souleymanou and smacks off the upright .
The ball bounces back into play and Huntelaar has the relatively easy task of pinging it into the empty net from 12 or 13 yards .
86 min : Denmark have pulled one back against Japan , but need two more .
Meawhile , this from reader and Beautiful South bassist Sean Welch , one of two bass players from famous bands I " know " quite well , our own golf correspondent and former ( Lloyd Cole And The ) Commotion (s ) Lawrence Donegan being the other .
" You seem to have drawn the duff matches today , " thum - thum - thum - thums Sean , who laid down the bass on Perfect Ten .
" Over here on centre court Japan are playing like Barcelona with what can only be described as Tripitaka football . "
89 min : Having being under the cosh for most of the second half , Holland are well on top .
Arjen Robben is wreaking havoc , skinning their defence with his pace time and again .
90+1 min : Elijer , who is no slouch either , skins Mbia down the left but does n't lift his head before sending a cross into the middle for Song to chest down for Souleymanou to gather .
Had Elijer stolen a glance , he'd have pulled the ball back to Robben , who was unmarked just outside the six - yard box .
Peep !
Peep !
Peep !
It 's all over .
Holland win 2 - 1 , top the group and will play Slovakia in the last 16 .
Japan have just gone 3 - 1 up against Denmark and will therefore finish second and take on Paraguay in the first knockout stage .
Denamrk will finish third in Group E , while Cameroon will whip them after three defeats .
Post - match comments : " You know we in Cameroon also wonder how old Wayne Rooney really is , " writes Kenneth fomenky .
" Please do tell . "
Touché .
David Akin has pointed to a new paper from Blayne Haggart , a doctoral student at Carleton who is focusing on copyright policy in Canada , the U.S. , and Mexico .
The paper , being presented this week in Montreal , includes some interesting analysis of digital copyright reforms in each country .
Given today 's introduction of the copyright reform bill , of particular significance are comments Haggart obtained from Michele Austin , who served as Maxime Bernier 's chief of staff when he was Industry Minister .
According to Austin , the decision to introduce U.S. - style DMCA rules in Canada in 2007 was strictly a political decision , the result of pressure from the Prime Minister 's Office desire to meet U.S. demands .
She states " the Prime Minister 's Office 's position was , move quickly , satisfy the United States . "
When Bernier and then - Canadian Heritage Minister Bev Oda protested , the PMO replied " we do n't care what you do , as long as the U.S. is satisfied . "
This mandate will not come as a huge surprise to anyone who has followed the issue , but it still shocks to see it presented in such stark terms .
Given the strong public opposition to the anti-circumvention provisions in C - 61 , the thousands of Canadians who spoke out against the U.S. approach during the copyright consultation , and even Industry Minister Tony Clement 's reported support for a more flexible approach , it would appear that the PMO 's decision to side with Canadian Heritage Minister James Moore in requiring strict anti-circumvention rules reflects a long - term decision to prioritize U.S. interests on copyright ahead of the national interest .
The decision is particularly discouraging since it is unnecessary – a compromise could be struck that provides legal protection for digital locks , is WIPO compliant , and preserves the copyright balance .
Update :
The NDP runs a " reality check " that highlights the Haggart article .
OSH , Kyrgyzstan 
As the armored personnel carrier rumbled down the street , men in Kyrgyz military uniforms clinging to its sides , residents of an ethnic Uzbek neighborhood here felt a surge of relief .
The peacekeepers , it seemed , had finally arrived .
But then the men in uniforms jumped down and began firing automatic weapons into homes while shouting anti-Uzbek slurs , more than a dozen residents of the neighborhood , Shai - Tubeh , said in interviews on Wednesday .
They spoke of the terrifying moments last week when they realized that they were under attack from what appeared to be their own nation ’s military .
They said the assailants killed several people , wounded many others and set fire to buildings .
“ We believed that they had come to protect us , ” said Avaz Abdukadyrov , 48 .
“ But instead , they came to kill us . ”
Mr. Abdukadyrov and others said one memory of the events last Saturday haunted them : as they fled and their homes burned , the men in uniforms laughed and danced in the street .
Sales of video game software and hardware plummeted in April , shocking industry observers who were expecting the numbers to be slightly positive or , worst case , down just slightly .
That could mean a rough Friday for video game stocks .
On the whole , sales were off 26 percent to $ 766 million , with software sales ( the most closely followed of the numbers ) plunging 22 percent to $ 398.5 million , according to NPD Group , which tracks video game sales .
Because April 2009 had relatively light sales ( and thus , an easy comparable ) industry insiders and investors were hoping to at least tow the line .
It was the industry ’s fourth worst year - over - year decline — and it puts overall sales 11 percent behind last year ’s sluggish pace .
“ There are some bright spots if you peel through the data a bit , ” says Ben Schachter of BroadPoint AmTech .
“ A lot of the weakness was from Nintendo - centric platforms , but the headline will definitely spook investors … Gamestop will be the most exposed . ”
Michael Pachter of Wedbush Securities , who had expected the numbers to climb 2 percent , agrees that the retailer will be particularly vulnerable .
“ I do n’t think anybody but Gamestop will get hammered , ” he says .
“ Activision and EA have already given low guidance .
Take Two has ‘ Red Dead Revolver ’ coming out next week .
Nintendo could be hammered , though .
These are the worst [ Nintendo ] DS numbers in months . ”
Hardware Even Worse
Hardware sales were even more discouraging than software , falling 37 percent from a year ago to just $ 249.3 million .
The Nintendo Wii remained the top seller , but only moved 277,200 units .
Sony ’s PS3 and Microsoft ’s Xbox 360 were relatively neck and neck , selling 180,800 and 185,400 respectively .
The handheld Nintendo DS system sold fewer than 441,000 units , despite the launch of a new version of the platform at the end of March .
When compared to the March numbers , Sony ’s hardware sales were off 48 percent , Microsoft ’s were down 45 percent , and the Wii tumbled 50 percent .
The overall decline is due to a pair of factors , according to NPD : April saw just a handful of new releases and the shift in Easter ’s date meant fewer people were buying games as gifts ,
“ In April '09 , consumers attributed $ 55 million of industry sales to Easter as a purchase occasion , which would account for about 21 percent of the decline from last year since Easter purchasing happened in March this year , " says NPD analyst Anita Frazier .
The weak numbers could increase calls for both hardware and software price cuts this year .
Many analysts are expecting Microsoft and Sony to lower the price of their machines before the end of the year , which could force Nintendo to react as well .
Do n’t , however , look for the companies to move up those cuts on the April figures alone .
“ Before these guys cut prices , you ’ll see software bundles , which wo n’t help third - party publishers , ” says Pachter .
“ I do n’t see a price cut [ coming from Microsoft or Sony ] until they launch their motion controllers later this year . ”
Last month ’s big titles saw precipitous dropoffs .
Sony ’s “ God of War ” dropped from over 1.1 million copies sold in March to just over 180,000 .
Nintendo ’s Pokemon SoulSilver Version sold over 1 million copies in March , but dropped to 243,000 last month .
Ubisoft had the month ’s biggest game with “ Splinter Cell Conviction ” — selling over 486,000 copies .
That ’s a respectable number , but hardly a barn burner .
The adventures of a professional screenwriter and sometimes film festival jurist , slogging through the trenches of Hollywood , writing movies that you have never heard of , and getting no respect .
Voted # 10 - Best Blogs For Screenwriters - Bachelor 's Degree
- and much more ...
- and much more ...
- Become fan of your group
RapidWorkers is a crowdsource service with to more than 100,000 Workers .
Our Team helps individuals , small businesses and professionals to create low cost publicity and marketing campaigns to increase sales , better ranking , backlinks and much more ...
We are combining Workers and Employers to minimize publicity and marketing costs while at the same time providing money to everyday users .
WASHINGTON Ã¢â‚¬â€ US President Barack Obama urged US lawmakers on Saturday to move forward on finance reform designed to stave off future meltdowns , promising to hold Wall Street accountable .
GOP obstructionism could derail Obama ’s hopes to sign this next major piece of legislation , according to an AP report .
“ Every day we do n’t act , the same system that led to bailouts remains in place , with the exact same loopholes and the exact same liabilities , ” Obama said in his weekly radio and Internet address .
“ And if we do n’t change what led to the crisis , we ’ll doom ourselves to repeat it .
“ Opposing reform will leave taxpayers on the hook if a crisis like this ever happens again , ” the president said .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ This issue is too important , ” said Obama .
“ The costs of inaction are too great .
“ We will hold Wall Street accountable .
We will protect and empower consumers in our financial system .
That ’s what reform is all about . ”
A bill under consideration in the US Senate would introduce a slew of Wall Street reforms , creating a potentially powerful consumer financial protection agency , placing checks on executive bonuses and curbing risky investments .
It also establishes a special fund , paid for with contributions from the big banks themselves , to cover the costs of liquidating firms sometimes described as “ too big to fail ” , rather than propping them up .
The bill has already passed the Senate Banking Committee on a 13 to 10 vote , but no Republican supported it .
ADVERTISEMENT
Obama argued that the current economic crisis could have been avoided if Wall Street firms had been more accountable , its financial dealings more transparent , and if consumers and shareholders had been given more information and the authority to make decisions .
Obama said he hoped Democrats and Republicans in Congress could put politics aside and find common ground and move forward together .
“ But this is certain : one way or another , we will move forward , ” he added .
Can it rain oily compounds in the Gulf of Mexico ?
Yes !
Chris Landau geologist & meteorologist
Do not let your kids eat the hail or drink the rainwater .
It is likely to contain some benzene and cyclohexane .
Can it rain oily compounds ?
The short answer is it certainly can .
It is also not complex to work out which chemical compounds will be coming down in our rainwater .
It is those with a similar boiling point and freezing point to water .
It is those that are not too heavy , that are similar to that of air at 1.2 kg per cubic meter .
They should be able to rise easily to upper atmospheric levels .
Let us start with water .
On earth at everyday working temperatures matter has 3 phases .
They are solid , liquid and gas .
We know these phases by other names called ice , water and steam .
Water is ICE or a SOLID at 32 degrees F or below that temperature .
It turns to WATER or a LIQUID at temperatures slightly above 32 degrees C . It starts evaporating as soon as it is liquid and starts changing to steam or vapor until at our atmospheric pressures , at sea level , it is all STEAM or WATER VAPOR or GAS at 212 degrees F .
In the case of benzene and cyclohexane , these chemical compounds found in oil , change from a solid ( ice ) at 42 and 44 degrees F , and start evaporating rapidly until at 176 and 177 degrees F they are all vapor or gas .
So at 30000 to 60000 feet above sea level where it is very cold and condensation occurs , our vapor turns to liquid and solid and it rains benzene and cyclohexane ice and liquid .
Benzene and cyclohexane have small rounded structures and will therefore easily form condensation droplets for rain to commence .
Benzene and cyclohexane are carcinogenic and toxic .
They are also flammable and explosive depending on concentrations and will have a sweet odor and gasoline odor .
They should not exceed 1 part per million ( ppm ) in air or water for benzene and should not exceed 300 ppm for cyclohexane for daily activities .
I will add other toxic compounds to my lists as I uncover the properties of the multitude of chemicals we call oil .
Chris Landau
Pioneer Computers Australia has given us the skinny on their new DreamBook ePad 7 tablet device with an official specification list and an initial price point .
This thing has a 7 - inch screen which they ’re saying is a high - sensitive touch screen ( I ’m thinking “ capacitive ” ) with a resolution of 800×480 .
It uses a VA WM8505 + processor with clock speeds reaching at most 533 Mhz .
It also comes with a 1.3 - megapixel camera , 256 megs of RAM , 2GB of internal storage , 10 hours of battery life , and all of the connectivity options that you ’ll need to connect your device through various methods .
It ships with Android 1.6 and will be available sometime soon for an estimated $ 199.99 .
I ’m not sure if this iPad clone can turn any heads with these specs – even at that seemingly attractive price – but I ’m sure someone will find a use for it when PCA decides to release this device .
JOHANNESBURG —
For the past few days , many South African Jews have concerned themselves with a question perhaps better put to Talmudic scholars :
Is it ever right for protesters to keep a grandfather from his grandson ’s bar mitzvah ?
That grandfather is Richard Goldstone , one of this nation ’s most eminent jurists and head of a United Nations investigation that said it found evidence of war crimes during Israel ’s invasion of Gaza .
Many of his countrymen not only took issue with the findings , they called the judge a traitor who had sold out his Jewish brethren .
Next month , Judge Goldstone ’s grandson is to celebrate his bar mitzvah at Beth Hamedrash Hagadol , an Orthodox synagogue in Sandton , a Johannesburg suburb .
Ordinarily , this would be nothing but a joyous event , signifying the boy ’s ascent into manhood .
But Jewish leaders here recently began to speak darkly among themselves of threatened disruptions to the ceremony .
Their concerns were taken to the synagogue , and the anxieties of its leadership were then shared with the family .
Reverend Tom Brock ’s “ Courage ” Falters When Faced With Exposure
“ The lady doth protest too much , methinks . ”
— Queen Gertrude in William Shakespeare ’s Hamlet
It ’s a common human foible to say one thing , and then do the exact opposite .
For example , a mother who smokes forbids her child to do so , or a father who watches violent television programs wo n’t let his child do so .
In these cases , a double standard is perfectly defensible .
However , in a free society of consenting adult citizens , “ live and let live ” should remain the common baseline .
I may not like what you do or believe , but as long as you ’re not hurting anyone , destroying common property , or infringing on the rights or life of others , including myself , then it ’s no problem .
As the New Testament holds : “ Do unto others as you would have them do unto you . ”
Unfortunately , petty demagogues of various religious faiths will claim that it ’s their way to heaven , or the highway to hell — black and white , with no gray .
If you disagree , you ’re deemed to be a moral relativist who at the very least will be trivialized .
At worst , like Joan of Arc in the Middle Ages , you ’ll be burned at the stake by the Catholic Church as a crossdressing heretic .
Or , in 21st - Century Iran , you ’ll be hanged for being a gay teen under Islamic law .
Of course , these are extreme examples , but they caution that zealotry , too long unchecked , can be disastrous .
They ’re reminders that two of the world ’s largest religions have barbaric cruelty in their legacies .
That said , the major religions and countless minor ones have adherents who contribute assiduously in myriad ways toward bettering the human condition .
But the faithful of any sect or movement always should be on guard against demagoguery .
The Ethics of Outing
As cantankerous and varied as GLBT activism is , virtually everyone holds privacy sacred .
The exception is if someone in a public position of political , social , or theological influence engages in homosexual or transgender activity while at the same time denouncing the basic civil rights of GLBT citizens .
Former Senator Larry Craig ’s restroom cruising and Dr. George Rekers ’s Rentboy.com allegations come to mind .
The GLBT community and its allies have a wide variety of principled viewpoints , often conflicting , on just how out a GLBT person should or should not be , as well as what constitutes healthy sexuality or sexual excess .
Both sides of these big philosophical questions are discussed and argued conscientiously every day .
However , it ’s a universal consensus among GLBT individuals and straight allies that to bash GLBT persons physically and / or sociopolitically — but then turn around , and be homosexually active oneself — is hypocrisy .
Reverend Tom Brock Versus ELCA
Reverend Tom Brock is the Associate Pastor at Hope Lutheran Church in North Minneapolis .
He is known for his denunciations of homosexuality and GLBT rights on his daily KKMS AM 980 radio program , The Pastor ’s Study .
His video series lambastes with outrage the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America ( ELCA ) for progressive attitudes toward women ’s reproductive rights , racial equality , ecological stewardship — and , worst of all in his view , openly gay or lesbian pastors having the right to minister if they are in a committed monogamous relationship with a member of the same sex .
The latter breakthrough , which ELCA enacted last year , led to the Hope congregation ’s breaking with ELCA , and affiliating with the Association of Free Lutheran Congregations ( AFLC ) .
Last August , on the day ELCA began debate over whether gay and lesbian clergy in committed relationships would be ordained as pastors , a tornado that had not been forecast ripped off part of the roof at the Minneapolis Convention Center , where the national ELCA conference was being held , as well as the cross on the roof of Central Lutheran Church , the conference host , across the street .
As put forth in his video series , Brock saw this as a sign from God that Lutherans must break away from ELCA .
Brock , who finds omens in any number of things , noted that what he calls the ELCA “ sex statement ” passed by 66.6 percent — a reference to 666 , the “ Number of the Beast ” ( the Antichrist ) in the Bible ’s Book of Revelation .
The actual vote was 559 to 451 .
Amid Brock ’s panic over gays in the video series is a lower - intensity level of distress about Lutheran Church financial duress supposedly caused by liberal attitudes .
He seems to doubt that God will provide .
Internalizing Homophobic Shame , Twelve - Step Style
In stunning contrast to all this homophobic vitriol , I observed firsthand that the words spoken by the 49 - year - old , unmarried Brock from his ivory bully pulpits do not match his actions .
My first encounter with Brock was at a confidential meeting of gay men “ struggling with chastity ” at St. Charles Borromeo Catholic Church in St. Anthony , a suburb northeast of Minneapolis .
It ’s not a Lutheran church , but rather a Catholic one .
This group is sponsored by Faith in Action ( FIA ) , Minnesota ’s official arm of the global Catholic gay - chastity - maintenance organization called Courage .
It models itself after the Twelve Steps of Alcoholics Anonymous .
FIA holds a two - hour support group at St. Charles every Friday evening from 7 to 9 PM , facilitated by a Catholic priest .
It sometimes starts a few minutes late , giving participants a chance to settle in , and grab a cup of coffee or a soda .
The men gather around a long table .
The priest begins with a scripturally inspired reading — which in one session was referred to as a homily — followed by recitations spoken by participants , and prayer .
Once this opening ritual concludes , the next phase commences , as each person directly shares how well or not he fared during the previous week , or since the last meeting he attended , in his struggle to maintain homosexual chastity .
He reports any homosexual fantasies or feelings ; any resistance or nonresistance to masturbation ; any homosexual contact or activity experienced ; and / or any encounter with homoerotic or arousal - inducing images of men .
He also may digress to other topics triggered by his “ sharing ” — which is within permissible parameters .
A group for women meets separately .
On one occasion , a middle - aged lesbian fondly regarded by members sat in with us .
After the first round , conversation continues , ranging from discussions about a particular homosexual rut one of the members was in , to financial worries , criticism of progay political efforts , and defenses of Catholicism .
The term “ gay ” is eschewed in favor of words like “ disorder ” or “ gender disorder . ”
However , very occasionally , unsquelched comments cropped up about homophobic bigotry , plus even grudging admiration for the tenacity of out gay men facing societal ridicule .
When Brock was in attendance , the conversation inevitably would turn political , focusing on gay and church issues , and beyond — not only during his first round , but also in his sharing time , and before the session commenced .
My First Meeting
I encountered Brock at my very first FIA meeting on April 16 .
Having arrived 10 minutes early , I was greeted amicably outside St. Charles Church by its Pastor , Father Paul A. La Fontaine .
He escorted me inside , down some stairs , through a kitchen , and into a meeting room .
At 7 PM , Brock entered with two younger men , who immediately swooped toward where I was seated .
They grilled me to ferret out if I was Catholic , or at least Christian , and how I found out about the meeting .
I was taken aback , as Father Jim Livingston , in my initial interview at North Memorial Hospital through which I was granted access to participate , gave the impression that the group was comparatively low - key and easygoing .
I told the two that I was Baptist , not Catholic , but that I had great respect for Catholicism , having defended the Catholic Church to friends and family .
I added that I had Googled to find the location .
One of the two younger men laughed , teasing that “ now , Tom is n’t the only non-Catholic in the group . ”
At one end of the table , Brock sat adjacent to me .
At the opposite end was La Fontaine .
After opening remarks , reading , recitation , and prayer , he asked how we had been faring — over the past week , since we last attended , or in my case since my interview — with what participants were calling a “ gender disorder . ”
Brock recounted that it had been “ a good week . ”
He had been on a trip to the East Coast , and had kept his mind off men .
Following the first round were moments when attendees brought up feeling excluded and stigmatized as boys for being inept at sports .
Brock observed that he sometimes “ feels effeminate ” because he has no interest in the sports page , and that he feels deficient because he finds society ’s mass interest in sports to be a bore .
On the other hand , most of the men , including Brock , expressed a deep love for opera and classical music .
He related that he was especially fond of a Ralph Vaughan Williams composition .
When the topic of same - sex marriage came up , Brock stated , “ The world needs [ heterosexual ] marriage . ”
Another person chimed in , calling same - sex marriage “ a cult of mutual masturbation ” — oblivious to the unintentional humor .
At one point , Brock became very intense in talking about some recent statistics that the percentage of HIV / AIDS cases caused by homosexual contact had increased .
He was accurate , which is why safer - sex information should be widely available — something the group certainly would oppose .
Brock Wrestles With “ Weird ” Demons
At the May 28 meeting , as usual , the priest facilitator — this time , Livingston — opened with a reading and prayer .
The individual participants then shared how well or not their efforts to maintain chastity had been over the past week , or since their last attendance .
Brock looked buffer than previously , in a tight - fitting , short - sleeve shirt that accentuated biceps and triceps more ripped than the month before .
When it was Brock ’s turn to share , he related that he recently had been on “ a preaching mission to Slovakia , ” where he met with other clergy .
Then , Brock admitted , “ I fell into temptation .
I was weak .
That place has this really , really weird , demonic energy .
I just got weak , and I had been so good for a long time .
Things had been going so well for a long time .
There ’s a lot of gypsies there . ”
According to Brock , he confessed the foregoing to someone at Hope Lutheran Church .
Brock clearly was put off by the gypsy presence in Slovakia , continuing with a sense of revulsion in his voice , “ They ’re toothless , filthy ; they smell , stink ; and the gypsies are trained in how to pick your pocket . ”
In his video series , Brock slams ELCA Bishop Mark Hanson for his call to “ combat racism ” at a New Orleans youth conference .
However , Brock did clarify that as a pastor , he got to meet a group of Christian gypsies who “ were so in love with God . ”
Brock ’s admission of his Slovakian sexual breakdown seemed to have had a subtly stunning effect on the group .
Livingston made no comment .
Brock went on to tell about a side trip on to Salzburg and Vienna , Austria , then to Bavaria , Germany , where he visited Adolf Hitler ’s Eagle ’s Nest retreat at Berchtesgaden .
He joked about a “ fat woman tour guide , ” and how the food was good , but heavy with meat and potatoes .
In what seemed like an effort to break the ice over the shock of Brock ’s sexual stumbling in Slovakia , one fellow made a coy comment about German composer Richard Wagner , a favorite among the Nazis .
He started intoning the notes of Flight of the Valkyries .
A smiling Brock joined in wafting his hand as if he were a conductor with a baton .
Lutheran Pastor Picks Catholic Priest ’s Brain
Before the May 28 meeting started , Brock wondered if Livingston ever got hostile feedback from seriously ill patients at North Memorial .
Always on an even keel , Livingston responded that when it does occur , some patients will claim they are all right with God , and do n’t really need a priest .
Shaking his head with condescending affirmation , Brock declared , “ Yeah , they think they can do it all on their own , and do n’t need anyone to help them . ”
Later on , Brock told of a Catholic priest in St. Michael , Minnesota , who recently officiated the funeral of a man who had lived with a longtime same - sex partner .
Brock questioned the rightness of this situation , pointing out if he were in the priest ’s shoes , he would have been reluctant to conduct the funeral .
Livingston countered that it could be done as “ an act of charity . ”
Brock on Women
Later in the session , Brock remarked that even though he is “ against the ordination of women pastors , ” he presented a workshop to female Lutheran pastors in Slovakia .
But , in his words , “ I did n’t tell these women that I actually do n’t believe in women being pastors . ”
However , he learned that many women pastors there were “ assistant pastors to their husband , who was the head pastor , ” and that ultimately , “ nature takes over , when they have children , and they then assume their role as mother and leave ministry behind . ”
That very day , on The Pastor ’s Study , in describing the plight of an abused wife , Brock asserted that one “ is to suffer for Christ .
Her husband was a stinker , but she stuck it out for the sake of Christ . ”
In the same episode , he also railed against ELCA ’s GLBT tolerance .
Homophobia or Heterosexism ?
When I asked Dr. Steve Burns , a Licensed Psychologist , about the internalized homophobia of closeted gay and bisexual men , he explained that it was not homophobia , but rather “ heterosexism — that the only truly normal way to believe is heterosexual .
So , it follows , then , that if you were anything other than heterosexual — gay , for instance — growing up in the culture , then every image you get is that there ’s something wrong with you , and you need to hide it . ”
Burns stressed that help is available at every level of being closeted , and that capable therapists will not push anyone toward some agenda .
One thing I noticed is that all FIA participants held a sweepingly generalized caricature view of how they thought gay men interacted and lived in general .
The myth of the so - called “ gay agenda , ” along with a basic ignorance of myriad differences between gay men , was intrinsic .
Lutheran Rupture / Lutheran Healing
In his video series , seething with disgust , Brock stirs his viewers to leave ELCA because of its inclusion of gay and lesbian pastors in committed relationships .
He exhorts his flock : “ Game over ! ”
The fourth stated AFLC principle is : “ It is therefore the sacred obligation of the congregation to purify itself by the quickening preaching of the Word of God , by earnest admonition and exhortation , and by expelling the openly sinful and perverse . ”
This grim , abject theology is echoed in two films , Fanny and Alexander and The White Ribbon .
In both , the internalized horror of Lutheran pastors over eternal damnation is projected unmercifully onto those they deem foul .
And in doing so , they actually contradict themselves — because if God is perfect , He does not make mistakes .
French novelist Romain Gary once remarked about the Iowa Lutheran upbringing of his tormented ex-wife , actress Jean Seberg , that it indoctrinated her with “ its inbred poison of original sin . ”
ELCA wisely and urgently has intuited this contradiction between spiritual colonialism and spiritual wholeness .
The GLBT controversies are only symptomatic of a larger obstinacy that seems more fitting not in a free society , but in a fear - based culture where adherents congregate in secret to ward off Satanic spirits .
ELCA ’s loving moral courage and serious efforts toward restoring compassion , as well as a concept maligned a lot lately by reactionary rhetoric — “ justice ” — serve to rescue Christianity from the pre-Enlightenment crowd .
It ’s cause for optimism .
The Twelve Steps of Courage
( taken from the Courage Handbook )
We admitted that we were powerless over homosexuality and our lives had become unmanageable .*
We came to believe that a power greater than ourselves could restore us to sanity .
We made a decision to turn our will and our lives to the care of God as we understood Him .
We made a searching and fearless moral inventory of ourselves .
We admitted to God , to ourselves , and to another human being the exact nature of our wrongs .
We were entirely ready to have God remove all these defects of our character .
We humbly asked God to remove our shortcomings .
We made a list of all persons we had harmed and became willing to make direct amends to them all .
We made the direct amends to such people whenever possible except when to do so would injure them or others .
We continued to take personal inventory and when we were wrong , promptly admitted it .
We sought through prayer and meditation to improve our conscious contact with God as we understood Him , praying only for the knowledge of God ’s Will for us and the power to carry it out .
Having had a spiritual awakening as a result of these Steps , we tried to carry this message to others and to practice these principles in all our affairs .
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Shares
The investigation that has been focused on Wall Street titan Goldman Sachs Group Inc. is widening to include questionable business practices of several other major banks .
New York Atty .
Gen. Andrew Cuomo subpoenaed eight banks and three ratings firms late Wednesday , seeking information on how the banks may have tried to influence the ratings of mortgage - backed securities that eventually lost value with the housing market collapse .
The banks on Thursday confirmed receiving the subpoenas and said they would cooperate .
The investigation by New York ’s top prosecutor came as the Wall Street Journal reported that federal investigators were expanding the inquiry into potential criminal activities at a number of the biggest banks , including Goldman , Morgan Stanley , JP Morgan Chase & Co. and UBS .
Several of these banks said they were unaware of any criminal investigation and had not been contacted by the U.S. attorney ’s office .
The Journal reported in late April that Goldman was facing a criminal probe by the Justice Department .
That report sent Goldman ’s shares down 9.4 % on April 30 .
Earlier this week Morgan Stanley , too , was said to be under criminal investigation by the federal government .
On Thursday , banking stocks were broadly lower , but the declines generally were n’t much worse than the market drop as a whole .
An index of financial stocks in the Standard & Poor ’s 500 fell 1.7 % for the day , while the S&P 500 lost 1.2 % .
The investigations highlight how mortgage - backed securities , such as collateralized debt obligations , have become the central legal issue in the financial meltdown .
But Wall Street ’s relatively muted reaction to Cuomo ’s inquiry suggests that the focus on the financial industry is no longer a surprise .
“ This was something that people should have been expecting since the news about Goldman came out , ” said Michael Wong , a financial industry analyst with Morningstar .
“ It would be naive to think that Goldman was the only investment bank that engaged in this type of activity — or that it had activities that were so different than its peers . ”
Goldman was sued last month by the Securities and Exchange Commission , which alleged that Goldman had not told investors that a security the bank was selling had been designed by someone betting against it .
According to industry sources , the SEC sent out requests last year to most of the major banks requesting information about how they designed and marketed collateralized debt obligations — a security created by bundling together parts of different mortgages .
No other companies have been charged by the SEC , but Goldman was not the biggest creator of the debt obligations .
Most rankings from the years before the crisis put Citigroup , Merrill Lynch , Deutsche Bank and Credit Suisse as the largest under writers of the security .
Federal prosecutors typically investigate cases being looked at by the SEC .
But a criminal indictment would require a much higher standard of proof than a civil lawsuit like the one against Goldman , and many legal experts are skeptical of whether prosecutors could bring criminal charges .
“ It is highly unlikely with the level of thought and sophistication and review that went into the creation of these instruments and their sale , that we will see criminal cases , ” said Jacob Frenkel , a Maryland lawyer who used to be in the SEC ’s enforcement division .
The more pressing matter for most banks will be the investigation by Cuomo ’s office , which sent subpoenas seeking documents to Goldman , Morgan Stanley , Citi , UBS , Credit Suisse , Deutsche Bank , Credit Agricole and Bank of America Corp. , which now owns Merrill Lynch , as well as the three major credit ratings agencies .
In the past , big pension funds and institutional investors have sued ratings firms for providing high grades to securities that ended up tanking in value .
Cuomo ’s probe is the first to look at whether the ratings agencies themselves may have been influenced by the banks that sold the securities .
The investigation is looking into whether the banks “ manipulated ” the ratings agencies into providing undeservedly high ratings , according to people close to the investigation .
The probe is also looking into whether the banks accurately represented the mortgages that were packaged together in the securities .
The subpoenas did not mention any specific deals or individuals .
Bank of America , Credit Suisse , Deutsche Bank as well as ratings firms Moody ’s Investors Service and Fitch Ratings all said they plan to cooperate with the attorney general .
The other banks and Standard & Poor ’s , the third rating firm subpoenaed , did not comment .
“ We believe that the Bank acted appropriately and will cooperate with the authorities to substantiate our position , ” said Ted Mayer , a spokesman for Deutsche Bank .
The ratings firms were the subject of a congressional hearing late last month , soon after Goldman executives came under fire at a hearing about the bank ’s marketing of the securities .
On Wednesday , the Senate approved an amendment to pending financial legislation that would create a federal regulatory board to oversee credit ratings agencies .
nathaniel.popper@latimes.com
The man in the orange sunglasses and a fur hat with earflaps seemed more like a jazz musician on a cigarette break than a tribal chief , but as soon as he spoke , village men gathered for a lesson on brides , poor boys and cattle .
The shade was just right .
John Modi Jubek crossed his legs , striking as regal a pose as a chief can when he ’s sitting in a plastic chair .
It was odd to him that a stranger did n’t know the Mundari tribe smiles more upon tall women than on short ones .
A father may love his diminutive daughters , but affection does not bring longhorns and riches .
“ Tall girls fetch more cattle because their daughters will quickly grow and can be married off to fetch even more cattle , ” said the chief , shooing a stubborn fly .
“ A tall girl can command 60 to 100 cattle from a suitor .
A short girl may get 20 head , and , sometimes , short girls overstay their welcome in the father ’s home and end up fetching only five cattle .
By then , a tall girl has already borne five children . ”
The chief paused , letting daughter - cattle ratios sink in .
The men shook their heads at his calculations .
The chief was wise , cool in the late morning heat , watching sunflower - high women brush beneath the branches of a big tree with jugs and food sacks balanced on their heads .
They strode past a man selling padlocks and Jesus calendars ; they glided beyond a short sister wobbling in the sunlight with a numb smile and alcohol on her breath .
“ Things get competitive for a tall girl , ” said the chief .
“ Once she reaches 12 years of age , men come to the father and promise many cattle .
Of course , a suitor with no cattle will never marry .
Our laws forbid that .
He is single for life .
If he sleeps with someone ’s daughter or gets her pregnant , he ’ll be killed . ”
What do tall women think about marriage and cattle ?
The chief bit his lip , bafflement drifting across his face .
“ Women have no say , ” he said .
The chief rules 500 families .
Many are scattered miles away , tending cattle on the grasslands ; others live in sheds and straw huts along a tangle of dirt alleys on the outskirts of Juba .
The southern city is a pop-up shambles of ambition , mud walls and a haphazard airport skirted by the White Nile .
The chief lives here but he does n’t seem entirely at home among the goats and discos .
Juba is the heart of southern Sudan ’s independence movement , seeking to break away from the northern - led national government in Khartoum .
The chief ’s power is crowded by soldiers and politicians who speak of tradition yet wear the suits and emblems of a new , nervous world .
The Mundari and other tribes are caught between eras , a time when banks and paved roads are promised but children still die of malaria and malnutrition .
For centuries , the Mundari have swapped cattle for brides .
But nowadays , when motorcycles pass alongside men with spears , daughters can be had for cash , especially among tribesmen seeking what passes for cosmopolitan life in a town where running water is considered an extravagance .
The chief is not opposed to things modern , but they often defy good sense and durable logic .
Take the laws of police ( too inflexible ) and the rules of government ( mind - bendingly bureaucratic and lacking insight into the nomadic soul ) .
“ I still preside over drum playing and wrestling matches , ” said the chief , who at times appeared to be sneaking a nap behind his tinted glasses .
“ But I used to mediate more family quarrels and misunderstandings .
Many of these now go into the ‘ system . ’
It ’d be better if I handled such cases among my tribesmen , because if you end up in state court you ’ll pay a fine or wind up in jail , and then who will feed your family ? ”
The chief , lithe and tall but not as high as one of the prized women who strolled past him , sat back .
It ’s a burden to blend ancient customs with contemporary rules , but the men look to him to decipher what is right and what is not .
“ My father was chief before me , ” he said .
“ He ruled in a splendid time .
He died 14 years ago and I took over when our southern Sudan was fighting a civil war with the north .
It has not been good .
Too much killing , too many hard days .
I do n’t even trust the peace we have now . ”
At a wooden table beyond the chief ’s voice , men drank homemade liquor and teenagers looked through stacks of cargo shorts and T - shirts .
Children ran , litter blew , vendors rattled .
When you stitch a village onto the edge of a town it becomes a mixed - up place , where the wisdom in the bush must be re-invented for quicker rhythms .
The chief stared at his tribesmen , including one whose feet glowed in white zip - up ankle boots .
He sighed .
Two little girls in dresses , too young for suitors but growing toward a cattle price , slipped into a mud-walled hut .
The chief was quiet for a while , breathing in the last cool strands of morning air , his fingers hanging from the armrest like knotted vines in a tiny garden .
He coughed and looked to the horizon , not as wide or as filled with wonder as the one that hung over the plains of his childhood .
“ A man sometimes with a few cattle will come to me and say , ‘ Chief I have only three head , but I want to marry . ’
I will go to my tribesman and ask them to contribute cattle so that this man may have his wish .
It can be paid back later . ”
The chief stood ; lesson over .
The men wandered away , some toward tall women , others into nameless alleys that would never be drawn on a map .
The chief walked out of the shade to a lone grave bordered by chicken wire .
The dirt was swept , and although the chief did n’t say it , the plot meant that he ’d have fewer tall granddaughters .
One of his sons lay beneath , dead two years ago of yellow fever .
jeffrey.fleishman@latimes.com
Only the most audacious , arrogant or amateurish thief would dare practise his craft in the presence of a web - slinging crime - fighter , a fleet - footed member of the Justice League and several light sabre - packing guardians of galactic peace and justice .
But the lure of a AU $ 160 ( £ 97 ) X - Men omnibus proved too much for one comic book fan , who decided to slip the illustrated treasure into his backpack in an Adelaide bookshop on Saturday morning .
Sadly for the would - be shoplifter , he had not reckoned with the arachnid acuity of Michael Baulderstone or , more precisely , his CCTV cameras .
The 45 - year - old owner of the Adelaide Comic Centre , who was dressed as Spider - Man , clocked a customer " behaving suspiciously " at the back of the shop .
So he sprang – or rather loped – into action .
Security tapes of the incident show Baulderstone , resplendent in his blue and red crime - fighting costume , marching after the apparent thief before stopping him and confiscating his rucksack .
" We had about 40 people dressed up as their favourite superheroes to celebrate International Free Comic Day , so he did n't have much of a choice but to hand the X - Men omnibus back after a little bit of a scuffle , " the shop owner told the Advertiser .
" I 've had a look at the security footage and it shows Spider - Man running down the corridor of the shop , grabbing this guy , hauling him off . "
Not altogether surprisingly , many customers initially believed the spider - citizen 's arrest they had witnessed was a mere stunt .
" Everyone in the store thought it was a play , that it was street theatre of some sort , " said Baulderstone .
" It was n't until I said : ' Call the police ' that people started to realise . "
As well as stumbling into a den of superhuman lawmen , the aspiring thief also managed to choose the one day of the year on which comic stores hand out free comics .
The Adelaide Comic Centre and Pulp Fiction Comics were both giving them away to their loyal , costumed customers to mark International Free Comic Day .
" One of the funniest things about the incident was that I called for people to stand near the door and it just so happened we had people dressed as Jedi knights there blocking the exit , the Flash was there at some point too , " said Baulderstone .
" It was a bit serious at the time , but now we 're looking back laughing at what greeted police when they arrived . "
David Humphrey , a member of the Rebel Legion group of Star Wars aficionados , said : " It was quite funny to think that our Spider - Man actually did catch himself a bad guy . "
Obwohl das Land nach dem Notkredit unter Aufsicht des IWF stand hat es falsche Daten an die EU geliefert
Das Drehbuch ist aus Griechenland bekannt .
Nach einer Neuwahl kommen plötzlich die Daten auf den Tisch , an denen die Vorgänger herummanipuliert haben .
In Ungarn waren es jetzt die Konservativen , die nach den Wahlen im April mitgeteilt haben , dass das Haushaltsdefizit viel höher ausgefallen wird , als von der früheren sozialistischen Regierung noch veranschlagt worden war .
In Griechenland war es genau anders herum , da hatten die Konservativen nicht einmal die Hälfte des realen Haushaltsdefizits an die EU nach Brüssel gemeldet ( siehe Pleitekandidat Griechenland ) .
Auch in Ungarn dürfte das Defizit im laufenden Jahr mit mindestens 7,5 % wohl doppelt so hoch ausfallen als bisher angenommen .
Es könnte auch noch mehr sein , auch dafür stand Griechenland Pate , denn auch die Nachmeldung der Sozialisten fiel noch zu niedrig aus .
Letztlich waren es 13,6 % im vergangenen Jahr , also 0,9 % mehr als von den Sozialisten nachgemeldet wurde .
Und auch diese Angaben hat die europäische Statistikbehörde noch mit einem Vorbehalt versehen .
In Ungarn bahnt sich ein ähnlicher Vorgang an .
" Wir finden ständig neue Leichen im Keller " , sagte der Regierungssprecher .
Lajos Kosa , hochrangiger Vertreter des seit 29 .
Mai regierenden " Bundes Junger Demokraten " ( Fidesz ) , sieht nur eine " geringe Chance , eine Situation wie in Griechenland zu vermeiden " .
Die größte Aufgabe sei es " den unmittelbaren Staatsbankrott abzuwenden " .
Fälschungen der Angaben
Dabei ist die Lage in Ungarn tatsächlich anders als in Griechenland .
Denn Griechenland musste erst kürzlich vor der Pleite gerettet werden , doch in Ungarn steht nun " Pleite 2.0 " an .
Oder hat man schon vergessen , dass Ungarn zu den Ländern gehörte , denen schon im Oktober 2008 mit 20 Milliarden Euro unter die Arme gegriffen wurde , um die Staatspleite zu verhindern ?
Vor allem kam das Geld damals vom Internationalen Währungsfonds ( IWF ) , aber auch die EU war schon mit 6,5 Milliarden Euro dabei ( siehe Warum stützt die EU Lettland , Rumänien und Ungarn ? ) .
Die Fälschungen der Angaben fanden also unter den Augen des überwachenden IWF statt .
Wohlweislich wurde der Notfallfonds des IWF inzwischen schon von 50 auf 550 Milliarden Dollar ausgeweitet , weil Ungarn nicht der letzte Fall sein wird , wie man in Washington nur zu gut weiß .
Denn immer deutlicher entpuppt sich die Weltwirtschaftkrise als Schuldenkrise .
Interessant ist auch , dass die Konservativen mit Versprechen eine Zwei-Drittel - Mehrheit im Parlament erringen konnten , weil der Bevölkerung die Maßnahmen zur Stabilisierung , mit denen die Sozialisten das Land " fit " für den Euro machen wollten , nicht gefielen .
Fidesz hatte im Wahlkampf versprochen , dass Belastungen kräftig gesenkt und unpopuläre Entscheidungen der Sozialisten zurückgenommen werden sollen .
Entgegen dieser Versprechungen stehen den Ungarn nun die typischen Belastungen bevor , wie sie Griechenland , Spanien , Irland oder Portugal aufgedrückt wurden : Erhöhung der Mehrwertsteuer , Senkung der Löhne im öffentlichen Dienst , Einfrieren der Renten und Einschnitte ins soziale Netz .
Budapest will das Defizit schnell senken und in Kürze ein umfassendes Krisenpaket vorlegen .
Dabei gehe es um " tiefe strukturelle Veränderungen " , sagte Regierungschef Viktor Orban am Freitag .
Aktionsplan der EU
Besonders an Ungarn ist auch , dass das Land den Euro noch nicht hat .
Es könnte also das umsetzen , was Griechenland immer mit einem Rauswurf aus der Währungsunion angeraten wurde .
Es kann den Forint abwerten .
Die Landeswährung befindet sich ohnehin im Sinkflug und fiel am Freitag zum Euro auf den tiefsten Stand seit einem Jahr .
Das ist nur bedingt aussagekräftig , denn auch der Euro stürzt immer weiter ab .
Der Euro fiel auf 1,1992 Dollar und damit zum ersten Mal seit März 2006 unter die Marke von 1,2000 Dollar .
Doch eine Abwertung des Forint bedeutet der Bankrott vieler Familien .
Denn im früheren Aufschwung hatten Hunderttausende Bürger Kredite aufgenommen .
Das ist erstmals nichts besonderes , aber die Kredite wurden oft in Euro oder anderen Devisen vergeben .
Sinkt der Forint müssen die Menschen deutlich mehr zurückbezahlen , wozu viele nicht in der Lage sind .
Entgegen den Äußerungen , mit denen nun die ungarischen Politiker die Hiobsbotschaften relativieren , die sie gerade ausgesprochen haben , dürfte die Lage tatsächlich sehr ernst sein .
Eine " Faktenkommission " soll nun Licht in die tatsächliche Finanzlage bringen und am Wochenende eine Zwischenbericht liefern , danach soll der EU binnen 72 Stunden ein " wirtschaftlicher Aktionsplan " vorgelegt werden .
Die Börsen
Wo man besonders über den neuen Problemfall besorgt ist , zeigte sich an den Börsen der jeweiligen Problemländer .
Verlor die Börse in Ungarn am Freitag 3,14 % , waren es in Madrid bei einem neuen Absturz sogar 3,8 % .
Nur knapp dahinter lag das Problemland Italien ) , denn in Mailand ging der Leitindex um 3,7 % in den Keller .
Auch auf Paris strahlte die Ungarn - Krise wieder deutlich aus , in Frankreich büßte die Börse 2,8 % ein , während der Dax in Frankfurt nur 1,8 % verlor .
Last night the BBC aired the fifth episode of The Genius of Design which featured Jonathan Ive , Apple ’s senior vice president of industrial design , Philippe Starck and other design heroes .
It ’s a must - watch episode .
Apple is probably going to announce the new iPhone on Monday during the WWDC , so it was really interesting to listen to Ive discuss product design and hear Stephen Fry ’s views about how mobile technology is affecting society .
We ’ve transcribed a few choice moments ( below ) from ‘ The Genius of Design : Objects of Desire ’ but we highly recommend watching the whole thing .
Jonathan Ive : “ When we ’re presented with an object that is complex it can be intimidating … and so clarity and simplicity are I think critically important for us to be able to understand a product and enjoy using it . ”
[ Link to clip ]
Jonathan Ive : “ We ’re tying to define products that in a sense seem so inevitable and so natural that in an odd way you do n’t almost think of them as being designed , that they just solve a problem but in solving that problem they ’re not reminding you of the complexity of this terrible challenge that you face as a designer .
And as a user I do n’t want to be reminded about this was a tough problem to solve – because that ’s your job – I want this product to be about what this product is supposed to do for me .
I think those sorts of preoccupations lead to , or can lead to , a product like the iPod . ” [ Link to clip ]
Stephen Fry : “ So direct has our connection between this device we have in our pocket and our sense of ourselves become that we almost stop thinking about other people around us and that , love these things as I do , seems to me to be positively dangerous or malignant as an influence on society .
A genie has been let out of the bottle and we have to decide whether or not we understand that genie or we understand our behaviour .
Can we compare it to when the motorcar changed the world , or the telephone , or print ?
I do n’t know exactly . ”
[ Link to clip ]
Few institutions impact the world of consumer electronics as often as MIT , and it's a known fact that the entity has been working towards wireless power for years now .
Wireless power remains one of the Holy Grails of electronics ; even with wireless video and audio solutions in the market , there 's still a power requirement that demands at least one cable .
It 's the reason that wireless surround speakers can't easily be mounted anywhere ; you still have to run power to each one , or at least signal wires with power running through them .
But MIT is getting closer and closer to making wireless energy a reality .
The latest research shows that efficient actually improves when multiple devices are charged at once , paving the way for wireless power to be used in group chargings possibly before solo chargings .
Three years ago , MIT researchers proudly announced that they had uncovered a novel way of transmitting electricity without any wires ; now , these researchers have " demonstrated that the system ’s efficiency at transmitting energy improves significantly when it is used to charge multiple devices at the same time .
The other huge benefit about the new system is that it 's tailor made to power typical gadgets .
The prototype is almost in a place where it could be used in a television set ; imagine being able to wall - mount an HDTV anywhere and not have to worry about running power to it .
The opportunities would be near limitless .
The transmitting coil could theoretically be built into a wall or ceiling , and thus far , transmissions have taken place in " ordinary room " sizes .
Those who are working on the project have also stated that it could be worked into portable devices , meaning that your next tablet or media player may be able to charge while you 're sitting around using it .
Talk about a major shift in the way we think about using our devices .
If you 're curious about how it all works , take a listen : " The system works by creating a strong electromagnetic resonance between the sending and receiving coils — similar to the way a tuning fork can start vibrating when exposed to a sound of exactly the right frequency , or the way a radio antenna can be tuned to just the frequency of a single station out of the hundreds that are simultaneously broadcasting their signals .
In this case , the magnetic resonance between the two coils is unaffected by objects in between the coils , and by the same token objects between the coils — including people — are not affected by the magnetic fields .
" C'mon MIT , we believe in you .
And really , we 're just tired of waiting for someone to master wireless power .
If 3D HDTVs were the big thing this year , can you imagine the the buzz surrounding a TV that could run entirely without wires ?
Editor 's note :
This story originally appeared Sunday , May 23 , exclusively in the print edition of the San Antonio Express - News .
For years , San Antonio has built streets and approved developments with little to no accommodation for anything but motor vehicles .
Now with obesity rates off the charts , the region on the verge of violating federal air standards and a new mayor who sees bicycles as part of being a competitive and attractive city , bike lanes are gaining ground .
It 's a move Portland , Ore. ; Seattle ; Minneapolis ; and New York made decades ago .
According to a study for the Metropolitan Planning Organization , San Antonio and Bexar County could add 350 miles of bike lanes just by restriping pavement , without impeding traffic or widening roads .
The " road diet " plan would more than triple the miles of bike lanes and go a long way toward forming a grid .
But in a city that has ignored piles of bike studies , change does n't happen with white paint alone , officials acknowledge .
It requires a new approach to transportation in which bikes no longer are an afterthought .
Although difficult and slow , the transformation has started : A federal grant will promote bicycling and department heads have issued new marching orders .
" It seems the bureaucratic molasses has given way to fuel , " Mayor Julián Castro said recently .
" We are going to be self - starters on this one instead of waiting and waiting , " he said .
" We have put bike lanes on a higher priority . "
Encourage activity
For him , bike lanes are necessary to have a sustainable city , one with a qualify of life that attracts and retains talented people .
Metro Health Director Fernando Guerra likes bike lanes because they encourage people to be active .
This spring , his department received a $ 15 million federal grant to fight obesity .
Along with measures to improve eating habits , funds are dedicated to create a ride - to - own - bike program , establish a " complete - streets " policy so the city considers all modes of transportation , and start ciclovías , where miles of streets would be periodically closed to make room for bikes , classes and recreation in a citywide celebration of being active outdoors .
For Gloria Arriaga , director of the Alamo Area Council of Governments , that kind of change could not come soon enough .
This summer , San Antonio's air likely will violate federal ozone standards .
That will trigger more federal oversight of development , businesses and road construction .
Any efforts to reduce motor vehicle traffic will help .
For the MPO , which has been promoting bike lanes for 15 years as part of its mission to advocate planning for all types of transportation , the new attention is a relief .
It makes members of its Bicycle Mobility Advisory Committee believe their efforts are starting to pay off .
" Six years ago , we did not have any of this , " said Oscar Kazen , the committee chairman .
" We are at that tipping point and I think the mayor and his people might just be able to push this damn thing over . "
More Information MORE COVERAGE
Area bike rides
City 's memo about bike facilities
Proposed bike lanes database
BMAC presentation
Blog : Earth Matters
: Earth Matters Graphics :
A look at where the lanes could go and what would need to be done to accommodate them VIDEO Cycling Blanco Road
Cycling Broadway / Austin Highway
Cycling Southwest Military TIMELINE
Bicycle planning in S.A. 1975 : The city 's Department of Planning and Community Development publishes a draft Bicycle Master Plan that calls for a network of bicycle corridors .
City Council does n't adopt the plan as policy .
The city 's Department of Planning and Community Development publishes a draft Bicycle Master Plan that calls for a network of bicycle corridors .
City Council does n't adopt the plan as policy .
1994 : The Metropolitan Planning Organization approves another long - range plan , creates the Bicycle Mobility Task Force and calls for permanent bike coordinator positions at the city and Bexar County .
City and county positions are not funded .
The Metropolitan Planning Organization approves another long - range plan , creates the Bicycle Mobility Task Force and calls for permanent bike coordinator positions at the city and Bexar County .
City and county positions are not funded .
1996 to 1997 : MPO funds the Community Based Bicycle Planning Study and recommends more than 150 bicycle routes totaling 463 miles and adding 13 new bicycle corridors to the 1994 Bicycle Mobility Plan network .
None of this study 's recommendations is completed .
MPO funds the Community Based Bicycle Planning Study and recommends more than 150 bicycle routes totaling 463 miles and adding 13 new bicycle corridors to the 1994 Bicycle Mobility Plan network .
None of this study 's recommendations is completed .
May 1997 : The City Council approves the Bike Master Plan that includes calls to :
-- " Create pedestrian ways , people mover systems and bicycle trails to connect downtown with adjacent neighborhoods , open spaces , retail , medical and other support facilities . "
-- " Plan and develop a citywide system of linear parks and hike and bike trails which incorporate drainage ways and open spaces which link parks , schools , institutions , and neighborhoods . "
-- " Promote the safe use of bicycles as an efficient and environmentally sound means of recreation and transportation by encouraging a citywide network of lanes , trails , and storage facilities . "
Work on linear parks is started ; other recommendations not fully pursued .
VIA Transit installs bike racks on 15 buses .
The City Council approves the Bike Master Plan that includes calls to : -- " Create pedestrian ways , people mover systems and bicycle trails to connect downtown with adjacent neighborhoods , open spaces , retail , medical and other support facilities . " --
" Plan and develop a citywide system of linear parks and hike and bike trails which incorporate drainage ways and open spaces which link parks , schools , institutions , and neighborhoods . " --
" Promote the safe use of bicycles as an efficient and environmentally sound means of recreation and transportation by encouraging a citywide network of lanes , trails , and storage facilities . "
Work on linear parks is started ; other recommendations not fully pursued .
VIA Transit installs bike racks on 15 buses .
1999 : The MPO Metropolitan Transportation Plan updates the 1994 Bicycle Mobility Plan and establishes guidelines to direct more federal funding to bicycle and pedestrian projects up to about $ 1 million a year .
Guidelines mostly unused due to lack of funding .
The MPO Metropolitan Transportation Plan updates the 1994 Bicycle Mobility Plan and establishes guidelines to direct more federal funding to bicycle and pedestrian projects up to about $ 1 million a year .
Guidelines mostly unused due to lack of funding .
2000 : The city has 34 miles of bike lanes and routes , VIA installs bike racks on all buses .
The city has 34 miles of bike lanes and routes , VIA installs bike racks on all buses .
2000 - 2001 : The MPO identifies 700 miles of roadways within the region for the creation of a bicycle network .
Plan is mostly ignored by the city and county .
The MPO identifies 700 miles of roadways within the region for the creation of a bicycle network .
Plan is mostly ignored by the city and county .
2001 : The City Council approves the new Unified Development Code that requires bikeways on specified types of roadways as part of new development or infill redevelopment when enabled by bicycle master plan .
Roads are still built without bike lanes or sidewalks , bike plan recommendations are often ignored or cut due to budget limitations .
The City Council approves the new Unified Development Code that requires bikeways on specified types of roadways as part of new development or infill redevelopment when enabled by bicycle master plan .
Roads are still built without bike lanes or sidewalks , bike plan recommendations are often ignored or cut due to budget limitations .
2004 : The city has 66 miles of bike lanes and routes .
The city has 66 miles of bike lanes and routes .
2005 : MPO develops a new Bicycle Master Plan .
Plan lacks funding , benchmarks and implementation guidelines .
MPO develops a new Bicycle Master Plan .
Plan lacks funding , benchmarks and implementation guidelines .
2009 : The city has 136 miles of bike lanes and routes .
The city has 136 miles of bike lanes and routes .
2010 : MPO identifies 350 miles of roads in the city and Bexar County that could support bike lanes without being widened or decreasing service to motor vehicles .
City hires firm to create a new bike master plan .
City Council approves a safe passing ordinance to protect bicyclists and other vulnerable road users .
Source : MPO , city of San Antonio Stay ahead of the curve !
Savor future special reports that are exclusive to the print Sunday edition of the Express - News .
They are n't available to online readers until later in the week .
Click here to subscribe , and stay ahead of the curve .
Go to mySA Special Reports See More Collapse
The game changers
Richard Varn , the city 's chief information officer , is an avid cyclist who loves a challenge .
On Wednesday nights , he 's a regular among the riders who test themselves and race each other on the rolling hills south of the city .
At 24 , he was elected a state representative in Iowa for four years and later was a state senator for eight years .
After a career in Iowa government and with the federal government and starting his own consulting business , he was hired as CIO by the city of San Antonio in 2007 .
In addition to guiding the city 's use of technology , Varn requested last year that City Manager Sheryl Sculley move the bike coordinator position to the Office of Environmental Policy , which he oversees .
In Des Moines , Varn saw bicycling go from a fringe activity to a normal part of transportation as the bike system grew .
The safer it became to ride , the more people did .
He believes the same can happen in San Antonio .
Sculley is an avid runner and prides herself on the success of the Rock ' n ' Roll Marathon , which she helped usher in .
Varn wants to do a similar competitive event here , but for cyclists .
The city 's last bicycle coordinator had one of the lowest positions in public works and struggled with a small budget .
Her salary was paid by the MPO , not the city .
She ended up quitting and the position went vacant for a year .
Julia Diana was hired as bike coordinator a year ago and her salary is paid by public works .
She is working on a program that would make it easy for tourists to rent bikes from their hotels like room service and then head for a ride to the Missions .
This year , she saw the City Council approve two ordinances that were bike - related , a first .
She took bikes once used by the police , added front baskets and made them available so other city employees can use them to commute between city buildings .
She is trying to establish north / south and east / west corridors to start linking neighborhoods with downtown and the Mission Trail .
Next on the list is making connections to the linear parks .
Her most ambitious project is a new bike master plan .
San Antonio's first plan was crafted in 1975 but was n't adopted by the City Council .
Later plans would be adopted , but they came with no dedicated funds or mandates and were easy to ignore .
In contrast , Diana said : " This plan is going to have benchmarks and mandates . "
Changing status quo
The success of the plan , which if adopted will serve as a guide for the city and Bexar County , will be seen in how roads are built .
Bulverde Road is the most recent example of the need for a plan .
In 2006 the rapid spread of subdivisions , golf courses and strip malls north of Loop 1604 was causing stop - and - go traffic on the once - rural road .
The county made a plan for developers to pay for the expansion to four lanes north of Evans Road , Bexar County engineer Renee Green said .
As the explosive development continued and construction costs increased , the county decided to take over the project , according to Green .
The initial plan had sidewalks and bike lanes , she said .
The county estimated the total cost at more than $ 8 million - she had $ 6.6 million to work with .
" That 's why we made the decision to remove the bicycle lanes and sidewalks , " Green said .
" The first priority of a roadway is getting the vehicles through . "
The lanes could have been narrowed to make room for bikes and pedestrians , but Green said she thought that would be too dangerous for the 50 - mph road .
The decision infuriated bike advocates , especially since the wide shoulders once favored by riders were eliminated .
Bulverde Road is a favorite gateway to the Hill Country and bike groups use it on weekends in particular .
Kazen complained to the county and said the door was politely shut in his face with the explanation there was no funding and no room for bike lanes .
For him , the lack of bike lanes is personal .
He used to ride to his job as an associate probate judge downtown from the North Side .
He loved it and lost weight .
But now he lives on the far West Side and considers his commute a " suicide mission . "
Now the city is expanding Bulverde Road between Evans and Loop 1604 to four lanes to accommodate growth , and it 's taking a different approach .
The $ 36 million project is funded by a 2007 voter - approved bond and will accommodate bikes .
Absent a workable bike master plan , however , the engineers were left to decide what those would be .
It 's far from a perfect system , said Majed Al - Ghafry , who was hired two years ago as director of public works and is changing the status quo in his department .
" The bike master plan is going to be the standard guiding document for us , " he said .
" Not just as a book that collects dust . "
But the plan is at least a year from completion , so in the meantime Al - Ghafry and city engineer Mike Frisbie crafted a new policy last month that states : " Bike facilities must be considered as part of all roadway - related projects that are not further along than 40 percent design approval stage . "
Instead of bike facilities being viewed as something that should be added when budgets allow , engineers now have to get approval not to include them .
" I would not underestimate that sort of change of direction at the bureaucratic level , " Castro said about the policy .
Al - Ghafry said it puts bike facilities on " first base , " so they have to be considered from the beginning of the planning process .
" This is a slight change in the paradigm , " he said .
" We have done it in the past ; we have just done it inconsistently . "
That said , he is not excited to start adding bike lanes everywhere the MPO study calls for .
It analyzed 1,700 miles of roads , including peak flows of traffic at current and projected demand for 2025 , and found 348 miles of bike lanes could be added without reducing the level of service for vehicles .
Al - Ghafry said the study needs further analysis by his own engineers before he is comfortable with it .
In San Antonio , it is legal and common to park vehicles on most bike lanes , rendering them useless for bicycles .
But Al - Ghafry said that if he removes parking from streets to make room for bikes , his office would be flooded with complaints .
There simply are a lot more drivers than bicyclists , he points out .
" I want to create bicycle facilities , " he said .
" I do n't want to create controversy . "
Road ahead Rob Kane is an avid bike racer who also enjoys taking his two sons , age 5 and 8 , for rides to the park and when they go out to eat .
Kane has watched bike projects take shape .
" It seems that the people doing these projects are kind of learning on the job , " he said .
To him , the changes in bike facilities so far appear to be more evolutionary than revolutionary .
With the " road diet " study and some easy improvements identified , Diana and Varn are looking at the tougher road challenges to come .
On roads like Hildebrand between U.S 281 and Broadway , there are no easy answers .
The road is about to be torn up so new drainage can be installed .
Flanked by the University of the Incarnate Word and Brackenridge Park , it would be a natural east / west corridor to connect the park with neighborhoods and UIW with Trinity University .
But it 's packed with traffic , and the current options make bike lanes and sidewalks too expensive .
Recently , Diana and Varn rode their bikes north on Broadway to take a look .
Riding one of the converted police bikes , Diana uses herself as a test case .
Not an experienced cyclist like Varn , her goal is to make roads safe enough so she feels comfortable .
Even with light traffic on Broadway , they illegally rode on to the sidewalks to avoid vehicles and open drains as the passing traffic forced them toward the curb .
They slowed to cross the three lanes of traffic and make the left turn onto Hildebrand .
Varn looked over his shoulder , accelerated up the hill and slipped across with ease .
Diana saw cars and trucks closing in behind her and pulled over into the driveway of the Cheesy Jane 's fast - food restaurant .
She waited for the afternoon traffic to completely clear .
She wo n't compete for road space with cars .
" I have two children " she said .
Click here for a larger view of the graphic below .
ALBUQUERQUE , N.M. --
The Republican nominee for a New Mexico congressional seat suggested during a radio interview that the United States could place land mines along the Mexican border to secure the international boundary .
Asked Monday to clarify , Tom Mullins emphasized that he does not advocate doing so .
Mullins says border security came up during a radio interview last month , when he was campaigning for the GOP nod to run against Rep. Ben Ray Lujan , D - N.M .
Mullins subsequently won the primary June 1 .
In the May 18 interview with KNMX radio in Las Vegas , N.M. , Mullins says the U.S. could mine the border , install barbed wire and post signs directing would - be border jumpers to cross legally at designated checkpoints .
He explained Monday it was a suggestion he'd heard while campaigning .
Estimates of how much of BP 's oil is gushing into the gulf each day range from 25,000 to 40,000 barrels ' worth a day .
Here 's what the low end of that looks like stacked to the heavens .
Advertisement
The animation was made using the Unreal Development Kit , and simulates 25,000 barrels stacked 15,000 feet into the air , then collapsing group by group .
Advertisement
All of that .
Full of oil .
Every day .
[ YouTube via The High Definite ]
@ MazdaEric : i think a lot of people are posting across the other sites now , thanks to the sidebar ...
I jump into Deadspin , Gizmodo , Consumerist , and io9 from time to time ... oh and Kotaku every now and then .
This raging fire inside a Mitsubishi Lancer race car took place in the middle of a frozen field during a rally .
After exhausting their fire extinguishers , organizers turned to a backhoe to put out the flames .
Photos below .
Advertisement
( Thanks for the tip Fast_Nel )
[ izismile ]
( If anyone happens to know where these shots originally came from , let us know ! )
Cranbeary ’s back at the Denver Zoo and love is in her future .
The 600 - pound polar bear , who was born at Denver Zoo in November 2001 , has returned from the Memphis Zoo to mate with Frosty .
Cranbeary moved to Memphis in January 2006 .
“ We are thrilled to see Cranbeary return , ” BJ Schoeberl , the Denver Zoo ’s curator of carnivores , said in a statement .
“ She has always been a favorite at Denver Zoo .
She is still a curious , playful and beautiful bear .
It ’s so good to have her home . ”
Visitors can see Cranbeary at the zoo ’s Northern Shores exhibit .
Her time away included two surgeries after a hard fall in February 2007 .
During her convalescence she received more than 500 get - well cards and was voted the most popular animal by Memphis Zoo visitors , because of “ her boundless energy and curiosity .
An avid swimmer , Cranbeary delights guests watching her through the underwater viewing area of her exhibit , often diving down and getting nose - to - nose through the glass . ”
Cranbeary ’s mother Voda passed away April 27 at the Denver Zoo because of kidney disease .
She was 23 .
The Daily Mail website been caught out by a fake Steve Jobs account on Twitter , writing a story claiming that the chief executive said the iPhone 4 would be recalled on the basis on a message from the clearly - marked parody account .
The " ceoSteveJobs " account on Twitter plainly says in its biography : " I do n't care what you think of me .
You care what I think of you .
Of course this is a parody account . "
But the Mail on Sunday appears to have overlooked this in picking up on a tweet at 0017 BST on Sunday in which the person writing the account said : " We may have to recall the new iPhone .
This , I did not expect . "
Had the account belonged to the real chief executive , there might have been the faint possibility of it being true :
Apple has acknowledged problems with reception when the iPhone 4 is held in particular ways , notably from below – though its guidance to customers is simply not to hold it in ways which lose reception .
The tweet was thus quickly picked up by the Mail , which wrote a story that was published at about 11 am on Sunday morning which said that : " The much - vaunted new iPhone 4 may be recalled , Apple boss Steve Jobs revealed last night .
Posting a message on the social networking site Twitter , the tycoon said … " and quoted the tweet .
Although the story was taken down later in the day , it was picked up by a number of commentators , and was still being indexed on Google News late on Sunday night – though the URL that it led to did not resolve .
Google News showed the Daily Mail story hours after it had been taken down
The story is visible on a number of sites which syndicate Mail content .
The Twitter ' ceoSteveJobs ' admits that it 's fake .
Although Jobs does not – as far as anyone knows – use social networks such as Twitter or Facebook , he has in the past few months begun to respond to emails sent by customers or journalists .
On the iPhone 4 , he has already replied to at least one customer , suggesting : " Just avoid holding it that way . "
More recently , he is reported to have told another customer to " stay tuned " over the reception problems – perhaps implying that a forthcoming software update will try to improve the situation .
After raids in 2005 , Spanish police arrested four people and dismantled a popular file - sharing site .
The case has been dragging on ever since but now has finally been closed .
Three judges decided that no offense had been committed and likened file - sharing to the ancient practice of sharing books .
Following an investigation by the authorities and audiovisual rights collecting society EGEDA and Columbia Tristar , in early 2005 Spanish police embarked on an operation aimed at shutting down popular file - sharing forum CVCDGO.com .
EGEDA complained that site allowed members to download movies located on P2P networks , sometimes which had yet to have a theatrical release .
Like many file - sharing sites , CVCDGO had been financed by advertising since its 2004 launch and in its short life it allegedly received more than 11 million visits .
Conducted by the country ’s Intellectual Property Crime Squad , ‘ Operation CVCD ’ culminated later in 2005 in raids on locations in Malaga , Seville and Madrid .
There police arrested the four male operators of the site who at the time were aged between 27 and 37 years old .
The servers , meanwhile , remained located in San Diego in the United States ,
The legal proceedings have dragged on ever since , but now the Provincial Court of Madrid has finally closed the case , finding that no offenses had been committed .
In common with every other file - sharing case coming out of the Spanish legal system recently , the Court found that since the site did not host the actual copyright files and generated no profit directly from any infringements of copyright , the presence of advertising on the site did not constitute a crime .
In their ruling , judges Ocariz , Gutierrez and Campillo said that “.. since ancient times there has been the loan or sale of books , movies , music and more .
The difference now is mainly on the medium used – previously it was paper or analog media and now everything is in a digital format which allows a much faster exchange of a higher quality and also with global reach through the Internet . ”
The judges noted that all this takes places between many users all at once without any of them receiving any financial reward .
Lawyer Carlos Sanchez Almeida , whose law firm defended the case , said that the decision meant that the judges were sending a clear message to the government , informing Culture Minister González Sinde that there is a “ red line that should not be crossed . ”
“ The judges have taken a stand for freedom on the Internet , ” he added .
The decision cannot be appealed .
Update : Souder made abstinence video with his mistress
Taegan Goddard ’s Political
Wire blog notes , “ This is priceless : Rep. Mark Souder ( R - IN ) — who just resigned after admitting to an extramarital affair with a staffer — recorded a video with the same woman praising abstinence education , according to TPM . ”
At TPM , Justin Elliott reports that part - time staffer Tracy “ Jackson played the role of interviewer for a Souder Web video show on the issues of the day — including one on the value of abstinence . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Dubbed “ Congressional Update with Congressman Mark Souder , ” the show hit on issues like intelligent design and fencing the border .
In the November 2009 abstinence video , Jackson introduces Souder this way : “ You ’ve been a longtime advocate for abstinence education and in 2006 you had your staff conduct a report entitled ‘ Abstinence and its Critics ’ which discredits many claims purveyed by those who oppose abstinence education . ”
VIDEO AT TPM CAN BE VIEWED AT THIS LINK
Indiana Republican Rep. Mark Souder announced Tuesday he would resign from Congress , effective Friday , because he had an affair with a staffer .
Souder said in a statement provided by his office that he has “ sinned against God , my wife and my family by having a mutual relationship with a part - time member of my staff . ”
He scheduled a news conference in Fort Wayne on Tuesday to discuss his decision .
ADVERTISEMENT
Souder won a bruising Republican primary on May 4 to be nominated for his ninth term representing northeastern Indiana .
He ’s known as an ardent “ family values ” congressman , and says on his official website , “ I believe that Congress must fight to uphold the traditional values that undergird the strength of our nation …
Studies consistently demonstrate that it is best for a child to have a mother and father , and I am committed to preserving traditional marriage , the union of one man and one woman . ”
Souder , 59 , said he also would not be a candidate in the fall election .
“ I believe it is the best decision for my family , the people of northeast Indiana and our country , ” he said in the statement .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ In the poisonous environment of Washington , D.C. , any personal failing is seized upon , often twisted , for political gain , ” he said .
“ I am resigning rather than to put my family through that painful , drawn - out process . ”
Fox News said in their original exclusive report breaking the story that there might be details of the affair that would land him in congressional hot water — indicating there may be more serious improprieties than simply sleeping with a woman who was not his wife .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Multiple senior House sources indicated that the extent of the affair would have landed Souder before the House Ethics Committee , ” Fox News said .
Souder won the Republican primary over car dealer Bob Thomas , who spent much of his own money on television commercials portraying Souder as a career politician who was n’t a true fiscal conservative .
Souder countered by emphasizing his A - plus marks from the National Rifle Association and 100 percent rating from the National Right to Life Committee .
Souder had been expected to face a stiff challege from Democrat Tom Hayhurst , a former Fort Wayne city councilman who lost a close race to Souder in 2006 .
ADVERTISEMENT
Souder did not provide details about the affair .
“ As I leave public office , my plans are focused upon repairing my marriage , earning back the trust of my family and my community , and renewing my walk with my Lord , ” he said .
Powered by Mochila ADVERTISEMENT
With The Associated Press .
BRINKLEY :
There are three things ... going on .
One is close that well ... capture as much oil as you can , keep the pressure on BP on the relief wells .
Second is immediate cleanup .
And I think more can be done by the Obama administration ...
But I think the big third piece is coming , when President Obama comes to Florida and Alabama and Mississippi , and that is holding BP responsible for the Natural Resource Damage Act , for the Oil Spill Response Act .
And , by that , I mean BP is going to end up paying somewhere from $ 10 billion to $ 15 billion , maybe even $ 20 billion , because they ’re going — one of the only ways to save the Louisiana wetlands is going to be — you know , the Mississippi River has been channelized for navigation .
Well , now the Mississippi River has to be redirected .
It ’s going to have to be flooded and sediment pumped into these marshlands to save it .
I think the Obama administration ...
Brinkley later suggests that this is the reason that Obama is not talking to BP head Tony Hayward .
BRINKLEY : Yes .
Yes .
It ’s one of the reasons why the president is not talking to Tony Hayward .
And they are going to come out with a large Gulf recovery act , because the oil and gas industry has been dredging .
We have disappearing barrier islands .
For 40 years down there , it ’s abused the wetlands .
This is a turning point .
There is an appetite on Capitol Hill for Gulf recovery act .
The Mississippi River is going to have to be redirected into the marshlands .
And BP and Transocean and other , you know , operations , Cameron , other companies are going to have to pay up to $ 10 billion and $ 15 billion for breaking national acts .
This project appears very similar to what was discussed by Center for American Progress , whose founder John Podesta was the Obama transition Chief .
CAP : Oil Reform Agenda
Here 's the plan :
These efforts are an important start , but an oil reform agenda must make additional progress .
It could include the following measures , many of which the administration has the authority to adopt or have already been already introduced as separate bills in Congress .
* Eliminate the liability limit for offshore oil disasters — current law caps oil spill liability at $ 75 million
* Require BP to put $ 5 billion — its first quarter 2010 profits — into an escrow fund to ensure prompt payments for clean up and compensation
* Adopt the recommendations for offshore oil well safety in the Interior Department ’s " Increased Safety Measures for Energy Development on the Outer Continental Shelf " report , including better back - up systems and more complete inspections
* Implement fuel economy and alternatively fueled vehicle measures that will produce a 7 million barrel per day reduction in oil use by 2030 with interim reductions , and empower the president to implement these measures to reach that goal
* Significantly reduce oil use from vehicles by establishing 40 mile per gallon fuel economy standards for cars and light trucks by 2020 , and establish the first fuel economy standards for trucks
* Power trucks and buses with natural gas by enacting the NAT GAS Act
* Power cars with electricity by enacting the Electric Vehicle Deployment Act
* Eliminate taxpayer subsides that benefit big oil companies
* Invoke the Trade Expansion
Act to levy a fee on imported oil , and use revenue from this fee to invest in public transit , high - speed rail , and infrastructure for electric and natural gas vehicles
This is a good start and would help people in the gulf get a good start on their lives .
The redirecting of the Mississippi River would be essential .
UPDATE : NYT is confirming a Scientist has proposed this exact strategy and it is being discussed at the " highest levels " .
This is a possible leak of the strategy .
NYT : Scientist proposes unleashing Mississippi River on Gulf
Apple has removed an application from the iPhone App Store after the Free Software Foundation complained that the store 's terms of service undermined the application 's open source license .
To the countless " inappropriate " apps Apple has ejected from its App Store , you can add GNU Go , a chess - like game that 's open sourced under the GPL v2 license .
Apple has been known to reject apps based on the puritanical sensitivities of Steve Jobs ( here and here ) and other half - explained policies ( here ) , but this is a little different .
Apple removed an iPhone port of GNU Go from the App Store after receiving a letter from the Free Software Foundation ( FSF ) .
The FSF said the store 's terms of service contradicted the GPL v2 license used by GNU Go .
The sticking point was that the App Store 's terms of service says that a piece of software downloaded from the store can only be used on five devices .
But the FSF said that the terms of service impose numerous legal restrictions on the use and distribution of GNU
Go that are forbidden by GPL v2 section 6 :
Each time you redistribute the Program ( or any work based on the Program ) , the recipient automatically receives a license from the original licensor to copy , distribute or modify the Program subject to these terms and conditions .
You may not impose any further restrictions on the recipients ' exercise of the rights granted herein .
The FSF said on its site Thursday :
Usage rules do the same thing as Apple 's Digital Restrictions Management - narrowly limiting what you can do with the software - but the method is different : they work legally instead of technologically .
The group said it was happy to see Apple distribute GNU Go under the GPL 's terms .
As it expected , however , Apple took the option of removing the offending app rather than tearing up the iTunes business model .
The FSF called the move " disappointing but unsurprising " saying Apple does n't value people 's independence and creativity . ®
This cartoon is an updated look at my original Facebook dogs , who kicked off Noise to Signal as the first cartoon under that name .
And they are , of course , a reference / homage to Peter Steiner ‘s iconic New Yorker cartoon .
This has n’t been a good past few weeks for Facebook .
Growing concerns over what Facebook ’s deliberately doing to your privacy collided with news about what Facebook ’s doing accidentally with your data .
There are two upcoming ways you can protest : by not logging in on June 6 , or – if you ’re ready to finally cut the umbilical cord – quitting altogether on May 31 .
So far , while they ’re getting press attention , neither initiative is showing signs of snowballing yet , with registered followers numbering only in the hundreds .
That ’s not to say the discontent is limited to net activists and privacy advocates .
“ How do I delete my Facebook account ” is suddenly a very popular search on Google .
Which I actually find encouraging , and not because of hostility toward Facebook .
( Not that I ’m happy with its privacy practices , or its approach to the open Web , by which it seems to mainly mean a Web that ’s open to driving data into Facebook .
And not that I side with the “ your - privacy ’s - dead - anyway - so - shut - up ” crowd , either . )
If so many people are at least thinking of voting with their feet , then maybe there ’s at least some awareness among regular users that our privacy , attention and data are all worth something .
And maybe , just maybe , that awareness could coalesce into a market force that rewards openness and accountability , and punishes arbitrary , high - handed behaviour .
Otherwise , well , I likely wo n’t quit this year .
But there ’s always May 31 , 2011 .
Den Aszendenten , das Sternzeichen , das Mondzeichen und das Geburtshoroskop kostenlos berechnen .
Der Aszendent ( Abkürzung AC ) ist das Tierkreiszeichen , das zum Zeitpunkt der Geburt des Menschen am östlichen Horizont aufgeht .
Ihren Aszendenten berechnen Bitte füllen Sie das Formular aus .
Pflichtfelder sind mit einem gekennzeichnet .
Name : Kann leer gelassen werden , dient nur zur Anzeige .
Vorname oder Fantasiename ist ok .
Geburtstag Tag 1 . 2 . 3 . 4 . 5 . 6 . 7 . 8 . 9 . 10 . 11 . 12 . 13 . 14 . 15 . 16 . 17 . 18 . 19 . 20 . 21 . 22 . 23 . 24 . 25 . 26 . 27 . 28 . 29 . 30 . 31 . Monat Jan. Feb. Mär. Apr. Mai Jun. Jul. Aug. Sep. Okt. Nov. Dez . Jahr 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991 1990 1989 1988 1987 1986 1985 1984 1983 1982 1981 1980 1979 1978 1977 1976 1975 1974 1973 1972 1971 1970 1969 1968 1967 1966 1965 1964 1963 1962 1961 1960 1959 1958 1957 1956 1955 1954 1953 1952 1951 1950 1949 1948 1947 1946 1945 1944 1943 1942 1941 1940 1939 1938 1937 1936 1935 1934 1933 1932 1931 1930 1929 1928 1927 1926 1925 1924 1923 1922 1921 1920 Geburtszeit
Für die genaue Berechnung ist die Geburtszeit notwendig .
Tipps : Eltern fragen / Taufschein / Mutter - Kind - Pass / Geburtsurkunde / Standesamt / Geburts - Krankenhaus .
Stunde 00 01 02 03 04 05 06 07 08 09 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 Minute 00 01 02 03 04 05 06 07 08 09 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 40 41 42 43 44 45 46 47 48 49 50 51 52 53 54 55 56 57 58 59 Land Kein Land ausgewählt Afghanistan Ägypten Ålandinseln Albanien Algerien Amerikanisch - Samoa Amerikanische Jungferninseln Amerikanische Überseeinseln Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarktis Antigua und Barbuda Äquatorialguinea Argentinien Armenien Aruba Ascension Aserbaidschan Äthiopien Australien Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesch Barbados Belarus Belgien Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivien Bonaire , Sint Eustatius und Saba Bosnien und Herzegowina Botsuana Brasilien Britische Jungferninseln Britisches Territorium im Indischen Ozean Brunei Darussalam Bulgarien Burkina Faso Burundi Cabo Verde Ceuta und Melilla Chile China Cookinseln Costa Rica Côte d’Ivoire Curaçao Dänemark Deutschland Diego Garcia Dominica Dominikanische Republik Dschibuti Ecuador El Salvador Eritrea Estland Eurozone Falklandinseln Färöer Fidschi Finnland Frankreich Französisch - Guayana Französisch - Polynesien Französische Süd- und Antarktisgebiete Gabun Gambia Georgien Ghana Gibraltar Grenada Griechenland Grönland Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea - Bissau Guyana Haiti Honduras Indien Indonesien Irak Iran Irland Island Isle of Man Israel Italien Jamaika Japan Jemen Jersey Jordanien Kaimaninseln Kambodscha Kamerun Kanada Kanarische Inseln Kasachstan Katar Kenia Kirgisistan Kiribati Kokosinseln Kolumbien Komoren Kongo - Brazzaville Kongo - Kinshasa Kosovo Kroatien Kuba Kuwait Laos Lesotho Lettland Libanon Liberia Libyen Liechtenstein Litauen Luxemburg Madagaskar Malawi Malaysia Malediven Mali Malta Marokko Marshallinseln Martinique Mauretanien Mauritius Mayotte Mazedonien Mexiko Mikronesien Monaco Mongolei Montenegro Montserrat Mosambik Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Neukaledonien Neuseeland Nicaragua Niederlande Niger Nigeria Niue Nordkorea Nördliche Marianen Norfolkinsel Norwegen Oman Österreich Osttimor Pakistan Palästinensische Autonomiegebiete Palau Panama Papua- Neuguinea Paraguay Peru Philippinen Pitcairninseln Polen Portugal Puerto Rico Republik Moldau Réunion Ruanda Rumänien Russland Salomonen Sambia Samoa San Marino São Tomé und Príncipe Saudi- Arabien Schweden Schweiz Senegal Serbien Seychellen Sierra Leone Simbabwe Singapur Sint Maarten Slowakei Slowenien Somalia Sonderverwaltungsregion Macau Sonderverwaltungszone Hongkong Spanien Spitzbergen Sri Lanka St. Barthélemy St. Helena St. Kitts und Nevis St. Lucia St. Martin St. Pierre und Miquelon St. Vincent und die Grenadinen Südafrika Sudan Südgeorgien und die Südlichen Sandwichinseln Südkorea Südsudan Suriname Swasiland Syrien Tadschikistan Taiwan Tansania Thailand Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad und Tobago Tristan da Cunha Tschad Tschechien Tunesien Türkei Turkmenistan Turks - und Caicosinseln Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine Ungarn Uruguay Usbekistan Vanuatu Vatikanstadt Venezuela Vereinigte Arabische Emirate Vereinigte Staaten Vereinigtes Königreich Vereinte Nationen Vietnam Wallis und Futuna Weihnachtsinsel Westsahara Zentralafrikanische Republik Zypern Wenn Sie ein Land auswählen , werden nur Orte dieses Landes im nächsten Feld aufgelistet .
Geburtsort ( in welcher Stadt / welchem Ort ) : Auf Karte anzeigen Karte schließen Einstellungen speichern Wenn ausgewählt , dann werden die Daten gespeichert und auf unseren anderen Seiten vorausgefüllt .
Wenn Sie die Cookies löschen , werden die Daten ebenso gelöscht .
Jetzt berechnen !
Video : 10 Dinge über den Aszendenten
Im Video finden Sie einen kurzen Überblick über die wichtigsten Dinge über den Aszendenten .
Video mit Musik .
Wenn
Sie rechts unten klicken , können Sie es vergrößern .
Hilfe
Aszendent berechnen - Ich weiß die Geburtszeit nicht !
Oft steht die Geburtszeit im Taufschein , im Mutter - Kind - Pass oder der Geburtsurkunde .
Wenn man aber z.B. die Mutter nicht mehr fragen kann , oder sie sich nicht erinnert , dann hat man ein Problem ...
Wenn ein Astrologe die Uhrzeit nicht in Erfahrung bringen kann , dann nimmt er meist für die Horoskop Erstellung als Zeit 12:00 an .
Das hilft bei der Berechnung aber nichts , weil er sich alle zwei Stunden ändert .
Wenn man keine andere Möglichkeit hat , dann klickt man alle 12 durch und sieht nach , ob einer besonders gut passt - oder welche in die engere Wahl kommen .
( Die Selbsteinschätzung sollte man auch von einem Freund überprüfen lassen ... vielleicht hat der ja eine ganz andere Sichtweise . )
Ich weiß den Geburtsort nicht !
Der
Ort ist ebenfalls wie die Zeit entscheidend .
Allerdings ist es nicht so wichtig , ob man punktgenau weiß , wo man geboren wurde .
Ein paar Kilometer auf oder ab ändern das Ergebnis nicht wesentlich .
( Außer , man ist genau an der Grenze einer Zeitzone geboren , dann muss man es wirklich genau wissen . )
Was ist ein Haus in der Astrologie ?
Die " Häuser " , auch " Felder " genannt , unterteilen das Horoskop in zwölf Abschnitte .
Jedem Haus kann ein Zeichen des Tierkreises zugeordnet werden .
In der Astrologie werden Charakterveranlagungen durch die Beziehung der Himmelskörper zueinander symbolisiert .
Die Häuser beziehen sich auf die Sichtweise von der Erde aus .
Durch die Drehung der Erde , einmal in 24 Stunden , erhält man zu verschiedenen Zeitpunkten unterschiedliche Projektionsbilder der Tierkreiszeichen .
Diese Projektion der Tierkreiszeichen auf die Erde wird durch die " Häuser " erfasst .
Die Spitze des ersten Hauses ist dementsprechend der Aufgangspunkt , der Aszendent .
Das Aszendent - Zeichen kann jedes der zwölf Tierkreiszeichen sein – abhängig von Zeit und Ort der Geburt .
Der Aszendent ist das Zeichen , das zum Zeitpunkt der Geburt im Osten aufgeht .
Ich habe eine andere Frage !
Wir freuen uns über Feedback !
Du kannst entweder einen Kommentar hinterlassen oder uns eine E - Mail schreiben : [ email protected ]
Video : Der Aszendent - Rechner erklärt
Video mit Sprache .
Rechts unten klicken , um es zu vergrößern .
Warum ist unser Aszendent Rechner so gut ?
Unsere Berechnungen stimmen !
Andere Aszendent - Rechner haben Probleme , z.B. die Sommerzeit und die Zeitzone richtig zu berücksichtigen , was zu einem falschen Ergebnis führen kann .
Weltweite Berechnung möglich .
Sie können jeden Geburtsort weltweit eingeben , den Sie möchten .
In unserer internationalen Datenbank sind ( ziemlich ) alle Orte. Andere Rechner haben z.B. Probleme mit Orten außerhalb von Deutschland oder mit Orten , die Umlaute / Sonderzeichen enthalten ( z.B. München ) .
Wir berechnen nicht nur den Aszendenten , sondern auch das Sternzeichen , das Mondzeichen bzw .
das komplette Geburtshoroskop kostenlos .
Wir bieten Hilfe zu häufig gestellten Fragen
Besucher können uns Fragen stellen .
Auch am Handy gut verwendbar
Sie können uns gerne per E - Mail erreichen , wenn Sie eine Frage oder wenn Sie Verbesserungsvorschläge haben : [ email protected ]
One unanticipated benefit of releasing our data as creative commons is that the Stack Overflow dataset has been the subject of several academic papers already : Evolution of Two Sided Markets Ravi Kumar , Yury Lifshits ( Yahoo ! Research ) , and Andrew Tomkins ( Google ) Presented at WSDM 2010 , Session 7 : Temporal Interaction View Slides Download paper ( pdf ) Causal Discovery …
One unanticipated benefit of releasing our data as creative commons is that the Stack Overflow dataset has been the subject of several academic papers already :
Evolution of Two Sided Markets
Ravi Kumar , Yury Lifshits ( Yahoo! Research ) , and Andrew Tomkins ( Google )
Presented at WSDM 2010 , Session 7 : Temporal Interaction
Causal Discovery in Social Media Using Quasi-Experimental Designs
Hüseyin Oktay , Brian J. Taylor , David D. Jensen ( Knowledge Discovery Laboratory , Department of Computer Science , University of Massachusetts Amherst )
To be presented at the 2010 ACM / SIGKDD conference
There ’s also a third study starting up with Lena Mamykina , a researcher in Human - Centered Computing at Columbia University , who is working in conjunction with Björn Hartmann , a professor from UC Berkeley :
The success of stackoverflow.com is making all my research community wonder what is it that makes it work so well for the users .
Would you be interested in participating in a research study to answer some of these questions ?
The study would probably involve things like interviews ( phone ) with your development team , moderators and selected users .
The results will be submitted for publication at one of the ACM ( Association of Computing and Machinery ) conferences ( for example a conference on human factors in computing systems , CHI or a conference on computer - supported cooperative work , CSCW ) .
Of course you will have a chance to review and provide your feedback on all the materials before they are published .
We ’ll of course be contributing to the interviews , as well as introducing Lena to selected community members who indicate that they are willing to be interviewed for … science !
It ’s exciting to be a part of this research , which lets everyone benefit from the slices of time that we ’ve all collectively contributed to not just Stack Overflow , but every site in our network .
If there ’s anything else we can do to help assist any research using the public creative commons data we expose , just contact us .
The development focus switched to DXR ( where the " D " comes from " Dehydra " ) , which is based on clang instead of gcc .
Try DXR instead , or else try the gcc python plugin : https://fedorahosted.org/gcc-python-plugin/.
was a lightweight , scriptable , general purpose static analysis tool capable of application - specific analyses of C++ code .
In the simplest sense , Dehydra could be thought of as a semantic grep tool .
It presented a wealth of semantic information that can be queried with concise JavaScripts .
It was also useful to find bugs in source code as it allows for much more error checking than C++ is capable of by itself .
Dehydra was built as a GCC plugin , thus it is easy to use for projects that already support GCC .
Dehydra is also useful for generating language bindings and is used to bootstrap Treehydra , a heavy - duty static analysis GCC plugin .
On May 10th , a middle - aged man carried a can of gasoline and a pipe bomb into the Jacksonville Islamic Center of Northeast Florida during evening prayers and detonated it .
Fortunately , there were no injuries to people , though the bomb did damage property .
The surveillance video above gives a fairly decent picture of this man , who is clearly white , middle - aged , and on a mission .
The local news is all over it , of course .
WOKV.com reports the FBI investigating it as a hate crime and possible domestic terrorism .
" It was a dangerous device , and had anybody been around it they could have been seriously injured or killed , " says Special Agent James Casey .
" We want to sort of emphasize the seriousness of the thing and not let people believe that this was just a match and a little bit of gasoline that was spread around . "
Casey says surveillance video from the Islamic Center shows the arsonist carrying gasoline and the pipe bomb .
When the explosive went off , parts of it were found 100 feet away on 9A .
So , a mosque is bombed by a white guy and the bomb is n't exactly small , but the national media sees no value in reporting it ?
Really ?
And yet , that is evidently the case .
Anti-Muslim sentiments in Florida have been bubbling to the surface , particularly after Republican Dan Fanelli 's campaign commercial was aired asking if a man appearing to be from the Middle East " looked like a terrorist . "
According to Yahoo
News , there were two other ads with even more pointed messages against Muslims :
Another ad has Fanelli saying , " This is a terrorist , " as he presents a " Middle Eastern " man strapped with a " bomb " and wearing what appears to be a dish towel " turban . "
Yet another ad shows two Arabic - speaking " terrorists " constructing a bomb while discussing " martyrdom " and " killing infidels . "
The ad also mocks long - standing due process rights such as Miranda warnings and access to lawyers .
These ads air , and a mosque is bombed .
The bomb could have killed many people .
To further stir the pot , this :
Last month , CAIR reported that a Muslim university professor was appointed to the Jacksonville , Fla. , Human Rights Commission despite a prolonged smear campaign by the anti-Islam hate group ACT ! for America , whose leader says Muslims should not be allowed to hold public office .
There 's a deep pattern of anti-Islam behavior in Florida .
CommonDreams.org has the list .
It 's a story worthy of attention by every single citizen in this country .
I did a quick Google news search .
I found lots of local stories .
But look what happens when I try major news sites :
FOX News : Nothing
CNN : Nothing
MSNBC : Nothing
CBS News : Nothing .
Why is that ?
( h/t Shoq and BaileyMcC )
Please donate to C&L's Fellowship Action Program if you can .
A police investigation has begun into Google and some of the internet giant ’s employees for collecting private information about Australians while they photographed streets .
Federal Attorney - General Robert McClelland revealed today he had referred the matter to the Australian Federal Police .
The investigation relates to whether or not Google workers acted illegally in securing private information from people ’s wireless internet connections while taking photographs for its Google Maps website .
‘‘ In light of concerns having been raised by the public , my department thought there were issues of substance that were raised that require police investigation , ’’ Mr McClelland told reporters .
‘‘ I note there there has been some complaints voiced , and understandably voiced , by the public in respect to practices that have been reported involving allegations that some information may have been obtained by staff of Google travelling around streets . ‘‘
A Denver CRIMINAL DEFENSE LAWYER YOU CAN RELY ON .
A VOICE FOR THE ACCUSED .
I SEEK JUSTICE EVERYDAY .
CALL OR TEXT ( 303 ) 753-0900 .
PREMIER DENVER CRIMINAL DEFENSE LAWYER .
I KNOW COLORADO .
i CAN HELP YOU DEFEND YOUR CASE .
take the first step for success .
CALL OR TEXT ME .
Paul Krugman is quite upset with the deficit hawks at the G - 20 , so much so that he says Lost Decade , Here We Come
The deficit hawks have taken over the G20 .
It ’s basically incredible that this is happening with unemployment in the euro area still rising , and only slight labor market progress in the US .
The right thing , overwhelmingly , is to do things that will reduce spending and / or raise revenue after the economy has recovered — specifically , wait until after the economy is strong enough that monetary policy can offset the contractionary effects of fiscal austerity .
But no : the deficit hawks want their cuts while unemployment rates are still at near - record highs and monetary policy is still hard up against the zero bound .
Utter folly posing as wisdom .
Incredible .
G - 20 an Amazing Success
With all the heated debate and every country doing what they want , inquiring minds just may be asking " How the heck can you call this a success ? "
That 's a good question so let 's highlight the positives .
Defining G - 20 Success
Merkel and Trichet politely told Geithner to go to hell .
Given that Geithner needs to be fired , this is a positive event .
Europe is more concerned about sovereign debt issues than stimulating growth .
Only fools like Geither and the IMF would argue against that .
No one paid any attention to Geithner or the Keynesian clowns at the IMF , most notably , IMF Managing Director Dominique Strauss - Kahn .
There was no agreement on a universal bank levy .
A universal tax is the wrong approach to risk management and it punishes banks with good lending practices .
Geithner made a complete fool out of himself .
A dozen cheers for German Chancellor Angela Merkel who said “ We can only spend what we receive in income . ”
Finally someone gets it .
What more could you possibly ask for ?
Predictable Reaction
Kiss the Illusion Goodbye
With global stimulus efforts playing second fiddle to default concerns , a double - dip recession is just around the corner .
Please see Hungary Tries To Calm Markets ; Europe Headed Back in Recession , US Will Not Decouple for further discussion .
The Keynesian clowns will be howling that reduced stimulus killed the recovery .
However , the reality is there was no recovery in the first place , only an illusion caused by unsustainable stimulus .
Krugman's Magic Mirror
seemed
Hello Paul !
Yes , Paul , we lost a decade .
Yes , Paul , we are going to lose another , not because we failed to follow your recommendations , but precisely because we did !
Recommended Reading List
“ Having worked with insurance companies , law firms and doctors , Baker brings experience and perspective to his book , which is sure to be important and controversial in future debates . ”
— Publishers Weekly “ Citing major studies mostly from medical and legal literature , he debunks a litany of perceived myths around malpractice lawsuits and convincingly makes the case that malpractice lawsuits actually improve patient care and that big payments are the rare exception , not the rule .
… Well researched with more than ten pages of references , Baker ’s timely book is appropriate for public , medical , and academic libraries . ”
— Library Journal “ Finally someone has demonstrated how complex this challenge really is .
Narrow , facile answers wo n’t solve the problem . ”
— Senator Richard J. Durbin
An excerpt from The Medical Malpractice Myth Tom Baker Medical malpractice premiums are skyrocketing .
“ Closed ” signs are sprouting on health clinic doors .
Doctors are leaving the field of medicine , and those who remain are practicing in fear and silence .
Pregnant women cannot find obstetricians .
Billions of dollars are wasted on defensive medicine .
And angry doctors are marching on state capitols across the country .
All this is because medical malpractice litigation is exploding .
Egged on by greedy lawyers , plaintiffs sue at the drop of a hat .
Juries award eye - popping sums to undeserving claimants , leaving doctors , hospitals , and their insurance companies no choice but to pay huge ransoms for release from the clutches of the so - called “ civil justice ” system .
Medical malpractice litigation is a sick joke , a roulette game rigged so that plaintiffs and their lawyers ’ numbers come up all too often , and doctors and the honest people who pay in the end always lose .
This is the medical malpractice myth .
Built on a foundation of urban legend mixed with the occasional true story , supported by selective references to academic studies , and repeated so often that even the mythmakers forget the exaggeration , half truth , and outright misinformation employed in the service of their greater good , the medical malpractice myth has filled doctors , patients , legislators , and voters with the kind of fear that short circuits critical thinking .
This fear has inspired legislative action on a nationwide scale three times in my lifetime .
The first time was back in the mid-1970s .
I remember sitting at the dinner table listening to my father report what he ’d heard at his medical society meeting : “ Medical malpractice insurance premiums are going through the roof .
Frivolous litigation and runaway juries will drive doctors out of the profession . ”
The answer , the medical societies and their insurance companies said , was medical malpractice tort reform — to make it harder for misguided patients and their lawyers to sue .
What the medical societies did not tell my father , or almost anyone else , was that their own research showed that the real problem was too much medical malpractice , not too much litigation .
In the mid-1970s the California Hospital and Medical Associations sponsored a study on medical malpractice that they expected would support their tort reform efforts .
But , to their surprise and dismay , the study showed that medical malpractice injured tens of thousands of people every year — more than automobile and workplace accidents .
The study also showed that , despite the rhetoric , most of the victims did not sue .
But almost nobody heard about the study because the associations decided that these facts conflicted with their tort reform message .
Two years after they achieved their goal of enacting restrictive medical malpractice tort reform in California , the associations printed the results of the study , but only as an association report .
All that was published for outside consumption was a technical summary , which did not feature the dramatic findings .
The report was not widely distributed , and it was written in exceptionally dry and technical language .
The next time I heard about frivolous litigation and runaway juries driving doctors out of practice was while I was in law school in the mid-1980s .
Medical malpractice premiums were back through the roof .
And , once again , the answer from the medical societies and their insurance companies was tort reform : raise the bar on getting into the courthouse and , in many states , limit what juries could do once victims got inside .
That time , more people were skeptical about the claims of the medical societies .
But this was the 1980s , and organized medicine still knew best .
Nobody had pulled together enough facts about medical malpractice litigation .
And hardly anyone knew about , or could have easily understood , that buried California report .
The result was a virtual avalanche of restrictive tort reform legislation proposed — and often enacted — in legislatures across the county .
The third time began in 2002 and continues today .
This time around we have a lot more information .
But you would not know it from the tort reform remedies that the medical societies , the hospitals , and their insurance companies are pushing .
What do we know ?
First , we know from the California study , as confirmed by more recent , better publicized studies , that the real problem is too much medical malpractice , not too much litigation .
Most people do not sue , which means that victims — not doctors , hospitals , or liability insurance companies — bear the lion ’s share of the costs of medical malpractice .
Second , because of those same studies , we know that the real costs of medical malpractice have little to do with litigation .
The real costs of medical malpractice are the lost lives , extra medical expenses , time out of work , and pain and suffering of tens of thousands of people every year , the vast majority of whom do not sue .
There is lots of talk about the heavy burden that “ defensive medicine ” imposes on health costs , but the research shows this is not true .
Third , we know that medical malpractice insurance premiums are cyclical , and that it is not frivolous litigation or runaway juries that drive that cycle .
The sharp spikes in malpractice premiums in the 1970s , the 1980s , and the early 2000s are the result of financial trends and competitive behavior in the insurance industry , not sudden changes in the litigation environment .
Fourth , we know that “ undeserving ” people sometimes bring medical malpractice claims because they do not know that the claims lack merit and because they cannot find out what happened to them ( or their loved ones ) without making a claim .
Most undeserving claims disappear before trial ; most trials end in a verdict for the doctor ; doctors almost never pay claims out of their own pockets ; and hospitals and insurance companies refuse to pay claims unless there is good evidence of malpractice .
If a hospital or insurance company does settle a questionable claim to avoid a huge risk , there is a very large discount .
This means that big payments to undeserving claimants are the very rare exception , not the rule .
Finally , we know that there is one sure thing — and only one thing — that the proposed remedies can be counted on to do .
They can be counted on to distract attention long enough for the inevitable turn in the insurance cycle to take the edge off the doctors ’ pain .
That way , people can keep ignoring the real , public health problem .
Injured patients and their lawyers are the messengers here , not the cause of the medical malpractice problem .
Jesica and Jeanella
No one who follows the medical news is likely to forget Jesica Santillan , who died after a receiving a heart and lung transplant at Duke University Hospital in February 2003 .
Brought to the United States from a poor Mexican town in search of better medical care , she inspired her new North Carolina community to raise money for a heart and lung transplant , and she inspired people to care about the problem of the medically uninsured .
When she received the transplant , it turned out to be the wrong blood type — a basic , easily avoidable , and tragic mistake .
Her body began rejecting the new organs even before the transplant surgery was over .
Her supporters launched a national public relations effort to find a second , compatible , set of heart and lungs , while accusing Duke of trying to stifle their efforts to avoid publicizing the mistake .
She died shortly after receiving a second transplant , less than two weeks after the first , while the whole world watched .
At the same time , doctors , hospitals , medical liability insurance companies , and their trade and professional organizations were mounting a fierce campaign for tort reform all over the United States .
Beginning in about June 2002 and reaching a peak in early 2003 , the medical malpractice crisis dominated the medical news .
This , too , contributed to the attention on Jesica : a public and almost impossible to understand mistake at a leading medical center , at a time when doctors claimed that frivolous medical malpractice lawsuits and outrageous jury verdicts were the problem .
Fewer people know that Jesica Santillan was actually the second girl in seven months to die after receiving a transplant with the wrong blood type at a prominent medical center .
Jeanella Aranda was the first .
She received a transplant of part of her father ’s liver at Children ’s Medical Center in Dallas in July 2002 , allegedly after a surgical mistake in an earlier operation had destroyed her own liver .
Due to a “ laboratory mix - up , ” according to the New York Times , doctors thought that her father ’s blood type was a good match , when it was actually her mother ’s who matched .
“ The blood type mismatch was not detected until Aug. 5 , 19 days after the surgery , when Mrs. Aranda , who was aware that her husband had type A blood , noticed that Jeanella ’s transfusions were Type O , and asked whether the transplant had been a mismatch . ”
Jeanella died on August 6 , 2002 .
Shortly after Jesica died in February 2003 , the Los Angeles Times linked her story to Jeanella ’s while criticizing medical liability reform proposals in Congress .
“ Communication errors of the sort that doomed Jesica and Jeanella are all too common in medicine , ” the Times reported .
The Times quoted Carolyn M. Clancy , director of the federal Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality , who said , “ There ’s more double - checking and systematic avoidance of mistakes at Starbucks than at most health - care institutions . ”
And the Times cited a survey published in the New England Journal of Medicine , reporting , “ Only 30 % of patients harmed by a medical error were told of the problem by the professional responsible for the mistake . ”
Jesica ’s and Jeanella ’s stories became even more tightly linked to the medical malpractice debate when the families of both girls brought medical malpractice claims .
As far as I have been able to tell , no one called those claims frivolous .
Quite the reverse .
Duke Hospital publicly apologized to Jesica ’s family , offered to fund a new program in her name , and announced that it had changed its organ transplant procedures .
Children ’s Medical Center appointed a new medical chief for its organ transplant program and announced that it had adopted new policies and procedures “ designed to improve every link of the quality control chain . ”
Both cases settled .
Throughout the medical malpractice crisis , leading newspapers carried accounts of other obvious medical mistakes .
Like the L.A. Times piece on Jesica and Jeanella , the accounts often linked the particular mistakes to the larger story about the extent of medical malpractice in U.S. health care .
The report by the Institute of Medicine of the National Academy of Science , To Err Is Human , was a common source .
That report summarized research showing that nearly 100,000 people die in the United States each year from medical mistakes — more than die from automobile and workplace accidents combined .
Because of that research and reporting , public opinion is coming around to the view that , distressingly , Jesica ’s and Jeanella ’s problems are not unique ; our health care system has a serious medical - injury problem .
But at the same time , public opinion remains firmly anchored to the view that we have an explosion of what President George W. Bush calls “ junk lawsuits ” and that medical malpractice lawsuits contribute significantly to the high cost of health care in the United States .
Stories like Jesica ’s and Jeanella ’s helped shift public opinion about medical malpractice only because they were linked to research and reporting that reframed medical malpractice as a public health problem .
But their stories did not shift public opinion about medical malpractice lawsuits , because they were not linked to research and reporting that reframed malpractice lawsuits as a public good .
Like any durable and effective myth , the medical malpractice myth can accommodate almost any number of real - life examples that conflict with the myth — by classifying those examples as exceptions .
Nobody but a researcher has the time or inclination to go out and take a systematic look at medical malpractice lawsuits in order to evaluate what is the rule and what is the exception .
Everyone else has to take individual examples as they come .
As a result , lawsuits like Jesica ’s and Jeanella ’s do not pose a serious challenge to the myth .
No one says that all the lawsuits are frivolous .
But everyone “ knows ” that most of them are .
Even a regular drumbeat of contrary examples does not call the myth into question , because the myth provides the context in which we understand the examples , not the reverse .
It is time to change that context .
The Power of the Tort Litigation Myth
The medical malpractice myth is part of a larger story about the litigation explosion , the litigiousness of Americans , and the debilitating effect that lawsuits have on the U.S. economy .
I have often encountered this larger story in my work directing the Insurance Law Center at the University of Connecticut School of Law in Hartford , Connecticut .
We try very hard to get university and insurance industry people to talk to each other .
People in universities call on me to find out what is happening in the insurance industry , and people in the insurance industry call on me to find out about the university research .
One good example came in the summer of 2003 when I was invited to speak to a meeting of insurance company CEOs in London .
My assignment was to provide an overview of the academic research on how the U.S. tort system really works and , in particular , to report on the substantial research debunking many of the claims about the litigation explosion .
My host invited me to come to the whole meeting , even though my session was near the end .
I had never met a CEO from any significant company , let alone an insurance company .
For me , the chance to spend two days with dozens of insurance company CEOs was quite an opportunity .
I used the time to meet and talk with quite a few of the CEOs , to see what they were like and also to get a sense of what they were expecting to hear from me .
They were smart , hard - working people .
They were at least as well read and informed about current events as most of my university colleagues , and on the whole they were more informed about what was happening in countries other than their own .
I was surprised and a bit concerned , however , to find that almost everyone assumed I was there to provide them with the latest research on the extent of the litigation explosion and the particular ways in which the U.S. tort system was out of control .
At first I worried that they thought I had been paid to tell them whatever they wanted to hear .
( I had not been paid and , even if I had , I would not have done that . )
So I checked with my host to make sure he knew what they were in for .
He did .
In fact , he was rather looking forward to the fireworks .
My concerns addressed , I put on my participant observation research hat and resolved to find out why the CEOs expected that from me .
What I learned was that they assumed I was there to talk about the out - of - control tort system not because they thought I was paid to tell them what they wanted to hear , but rather because they believed , intensely , that chaos was the real situation .
That was interesting .
I had always harbored a suspicion that insurance industry leaders promoted the tort litigation myth despite what they really knew to the contrary .
Maybe some do , but not these people .
The CEOs were well informed about political and economic matters generally .
They were especially well informed about things that affect their business .
And the U.S. liability situation affects their business .
So , as far as they were concerned , if they thought that there was a tort litigation explosion in the United States and if they thought that the U.S. tort system was out of control , then that was how it was .
Whatever else anyone might think , their support for tort reform was not a cynical effort to make money at the public ’s expense .
While the CEOs did in fact think that tort reform was in their industry ’s interest , the emotion that fired them up came from belief — a belief that is not rooted entirely in self - interest .
The debate over the other major issue for which they brought outside experts to their meeting ( new international accounting standards ) was pale by comparison .
Yet , in financial terms that other issue would have a much bigger immediate impact on their business than liability reform , especially for the life insurance CEOs , who are not even in the liability insurance business .
The CEOs tried to get fired up about it , but they could not .
Accounting rules simply do not plug into beliefs about right and wrong in remotely the same way as tort liability .
They were concerned about the litigation explosion , not just because it affected their business , but also because of the impact they expected it to have on the larger economy and society .
They were concerned about the United States , where they saw the explosion originating , and Europe , where they saw signs that it was spreading .
They were looking forward to hearing from me so they could better understand and treat this American disease .
In this regard at least , I am sure that I disappointed my audience .
As I reported to them , except for auto accidents and the occasional “ mass tort ” situation like asbestos , Agent Orange , or breast implants , Americans actually do not bring tort claims all that often , especially compared to the number of accidents and injuries there are .
We now have two decades of solid research documenting this fact .
What is more , the rate of auto lawsuits — the most frequent kind of tort lawsuit — is going down .
And , despite the media focus on mass torts , products liability , and medical malpractice , those kinds of cases are far less important in dollar terms than either auto accidents or workers ’ compensation .
In 2003 U.S. businesses paid $ 27 billion for auto liability insurance premiums , $ 57 billion for workers ’ compensation insurance premiums , and less than $ 5 billion for products liability insurance premiums .
Doctors , hospitals , and other health professionals paid only about $ 11 billion in medical malpractice insurance premiums .
This means that the real insurance money and the real claiming action for U.S. business does not lie in high - profile areas like products liability and medical malpractice .
The real action lies in routine , below - the - radar areas like workers ’ compensation and automobile lawsuits .
U.S. businesses paid less than half as much for products liability and medical malpractice insurance , combined , as they paid for auto insurance , alone , and only a quarter of what they paid for workers ’ compensation insurance .
Products liability and medical malpractice insurance look even less significant compared to what ordinary Americans paid for personal auto liability and no -fault auto insurance : $ 115.5 billion in 2003 .
That is more than U.S. business paid for auto , workers ’ compensation , products liability , and medical malpractice insurance combined .
Adding all the premiums of all the different kinds of liability insurance together results in a big number — about $ 215 billion in 2003 — but that number is hardly exploding , and the medical malpractice insurance share — $ 11 billion — looks pretty small by comparison .
It looks even smaller next to the $ 1.5 trillion plus ( that is more than 1,500 billion dollars ) we spent on health care that year .
Something that amounts to less than 1 percent of health - care costs simply cannot have the impact on health care that the medical malpractice myth would have us believe .
Even on a per doctor basis , that medical malpractice insurance number is not as high as many people think .
There were nearly 900,000 doctors in the United States in 2003 .
That means that medical malpractice insurance premiums were about $ 12,000 per doctor , and of course hospitals , dentists , and other health - care professionals buy malpractice insurance , too .
So the average premium doctors paid was less .
Some kinds of doctors have to pay much more .
Obstetricians are the best - known example .
But there is a simple insurance reform that will solve that problem , as I will explain in chapter 8 .
Where Americans do excel in litigation is in the area of business lawsuits .
If you read the business section of the newspaper , you know that B2B — business - to - business — sales are hot .
So is B2B litigation .
Some of the business executives who complain about the litigation explosion must be thinking about their own behavior .
In one indication , the proportion of lawyers who bring personal - injury lawsuits has remained steady since 1975 , while the share of lawyers involved in business litigation has more than tripled .
I enjoyed the London presentation , and , as predicted , we had some vigorous debate .
Did I persuade the CEOs that the tort litigation explosion is a myth ?
They did not get to be CEOs by lacking confidence , so they were not shy about telling me what they thought .
Some argued with me then .
Some continue to argue with me .
But we are still talking .
And their people are reading the research .
I also told them , and I continue to repeat every chance I get , that they should be careful what they wish for .
What other industry asks the government to reduce the demand for its product ?
Tame the tort system , and hospitals and other big businesses will decide that they do not need liability insurance .
Take away the risk of a really big lawsuit , and a line of credit is nearly as good as an insurance policy , and , with a line of credit , you pay only for the credit you use .
Once businesses can predict their liability losses with enough certainty , a monthly savings plan is even better , and it costs even less .
Who knows how long it will take me to convince them , if I ever will .
But I have already noticed a change in the rhetoric , from complaints about the number of lawsuits to complaints about the size of the lawsuits .
Complaints about the size of lawsuits represent a real improvement , because at least they have some basis in reality .
Medical malpractice claims are getting bigger .
So are auto claims and workers ’ compensation claims .
Of course , the fact that claims are getting bigger does not mean that the tort system is out of control .
Tort claims are getting larger mostly because health care costs more than ever before .
Putting the Medical Malpractice Myth in a Political Context
My interest in the medical malpractice myth grows out of a variety of experiences that have nothing to do with politics .
My father and father - in - law are both doctors .
I regularly teach tort law , the branch of law that includes medical malpractice law .
My field research on personal - injury litigation introduced me to many lawyers on both sides of medical malpractice lawsuits .
And my role as the director of an insurance education and research program virtually guaranteed that I would want to understand the medical malpractice insurance crisis that broke out in 2002 .
Despite the fact that my interest in medical malpractice is not political , there is no avoiding the fact that medical liability reform has become a very partisan issue .
With some exceptions , Republican legislators favor cutting back on tort liability and Democratic legislators do not .
And over the course of the last thirty years , tort reform has become one of the top political objectives of groups like the Chamber of Commerce , the American Manufacturers Association and other traditionally business - oriented trade associations .
These groups support medical liability reform as part of their effort to limit tort law more broadly .
The effort currently underway in Washington to include pharmaceutical companies and medical device manufacturers under the umbrella of national medical liability reform shows how medical malpractice reform can pave the way for broader efforts to limit liability .
Pharmaceutical companies and medical device manufacturers are not the target of medical malpractice lawsuits .
Instead they face the same kinds of product liability claims as any other manufacturer .
But their products are used in the medical field , and therefore the medical liability reform tent may be big enough to hold them , too — or so their Washington , D.C. , lobbyists contend .
From there , it is a small step to limit liability in other areas , so that all defendants receive equal treatment .
Doctors have conflicting interests in the larger political struggle over access to the courts .
On the one hand , efforts to limit medical liability serve their long - term interest in self - regulation and professional autonomy .
As researchers from Harvard Medical School have explained , “ Physicians and their societies are actively resisting the legitimacy of the law as a means of controlling and regulating the practice of medicine .
. . .
The profession ’s organizations have invested extensive financial , cultural and political resources to resist what both rank - and - file practitioners and the professional collective regard as infringements on medical work . ”
On the other hand , doctors are consumers and , increasingly , employees and independent contractors who work for large organizations .
In these roles they have a strong interest in maintaining access to courts .
These conflicting interests are playing out right now in my state of Connecticut .
On the one hand , our state medical society has been lobbying the Connecticut legislature , hard , in favor of medical liability reform .
On the other hand , the society has filed lawsuits against several big health insurance companies that doctors believe are not playing fair .
After the medical society achieved a favorable result in one of the lawsuits , I spoke to their executive director , suggesting that there might be some irony in their using the courts to advance doctors ’ interests — while at the same time trying to limit what patients could do in court .
He explained that there is no conflict in the two positions : the medical society ’s lawsuits involve different issues and different fields of law than medical malpractice .
I had to agree that he was correct in technical , legal terms .
But to my mind , the society is walking a tightrope .
The skilled artisans and craftsmen who formed the American Federation of Labor used to think that they had more in common with businessmen than with the industrial trade unions .
They changed their view in the early part of the twentieth century , when the expansion in the scope of manufacturing and construction restricted their independence and control over the workplace .
Will doctors follow a similar path in the twenty - first century , when large health plans place greater pressure on health - care providers to control costs and take a more businesslike approach to health care ?
Part of the art of politics is keeping supporters focused on the things they agree upon so they do n’t break up the coalition by fighting about other things .
Tort reform is one issue on which doctors , health insurers , and most businesses clearly agree .
The medical malpractice myth helps to maintain that alliance , by keeping rank - and - file doctors and the medical societies completely committed to tort reform and grateful to the ( mostly Republican ) politicians who deliver it .
President Bush ’s January 2005 speech on medical liability reform in Collinsville , Illinois , shows just how strongly his administration is promoting the medical malpractice myth .
As with any major political address by a politician from either party , the visual images , alone , tell a significant story .
The White House video of the speech opens with a wide - angle shot of the president walking toward a podium stationed in front of a bleacher full of cheering doctors in white coats , beneath a large banner on which the words “ Affordable Healthcare ” are framed between two large images of the caduceus — the twined snake and wing symbol of the American medical profession .
When the camera pulls in tight for the speech , we see a striking image : President Bush , the presidential seal on the podium below , and doctors in white coats all around .
In advance of the Collinsville address , the White House had announced that the president would be discussing medical liability reform .
By linking “ affordable health care ” with medical liability reform and surrounding the president with cheering doctors , the image conveyed a clear message .
Medical malpractice lawsuits are a big reason health care is so expensive .
The president supports doctors ’ efforts to eliminate that cost .
And doctors support the president .
The speech itself delivered the same message .
“ I ’m here to talk about how we need to fix a broken medical liability system , ” the president announced to a roar of applause .
He mentioned by name the Illinois Republican politicians attending the speech , explained how they are supporting the cause , and offered special thanks to the Republican legislator who was “ leading the medical liability reform effort ” in the Illinois state legislature .
After running through the top agenda items for his administration and a few other health - care reform ideas designed to control health - care costs , he arrived at his main topic :
What ’s happening all across this country is that lawyers are filing baseless suits against hospitals and doctors .
That ’s just a plain fact .
And they ’re doing it for a simple reason .
They know the medical liability system is tilted in their favor .
Jury awards in medical liability cases have skyrocketed in recent years .
That means every claim filed by a personal - injury lawyer brings the chance of a huge payoff or a profitable settlement out of court .
That ’s what that means .
Doctors and hospitals realize this .
They know it ’s expensive to fight a lawsuit , even if it does n’t have any merit .
And because the system is so unpredictable , there is a constant risk of being hit by a massive jury award .
So doctors end up paying tens of thousands , or even hundreds of thousands of dollars to settle claims out of court , even when they know they have done nothing wrong .
From there , the speech proceeded point by point through the medical malpractice myth : the frivolous lawsuits , the courts ’ bias against doctors , the skyrocketing jury awards , the huge settlements in cases in which doctors did nothing wrong , the direct link between lawsuits and insurance premiums , the doctors leaving the practice of medicine , the patients who cannot find doctors , and the huge waste of money on defensive medicine .
“ This liability system of ours is , ” the president said , “ what I ’m telling you , is out of control . ”
It was an effective , succinct , and powerful statement of the medical malpractice myth .
It would take a book — this book I hope — to set the record straight after a speech like that .
